Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today demanded that the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District should immediately suspend the order to resume export and import through Tamabil Check. Point.
Those who came to participate in this selection trial include the winners of the 5th Meghalaya Games, which was held last month in Tura.
Shortly after, it was learned that the KHADC committee has decided to monitor the market and the metor area, and soon a committee will be set up headed by the EM of the market, Bah Donkupar. Sumer and other members will be appointed.
We children respect those who are older and treat them as parents.
The court will hear the case again on July
Regarding the reply of the Prime Minister, Bah George expressed his dissatisfaction and urged that the Prime Minister should give it and should know perhaps only in 10 or 10 years.
“We need to have a reconciliation because freedom of worship is allowed by the Constitution of India and we must maintain the constitution in society,” said the religious leaders.
By getting vaccinated, even if we get this disease, it saves us from going to hospital and dying.
The union leader was surprised to learn that the operator of the weightbridge, Deipormi Dkhar, has violated the rules laid down by the Meghalaya government.
These trucks cannot pass or pass in front of the Forest Office without the permission of this Officer but due to the corruption of this Officer that the overloaded coal trucks can pass without any restrictions.
He said that the volunteers of the village used to conduct search operations at three places in the village but at midnight on the 18th at about 12:30 pm, a vehicle arrived. The village volunteers tried to stop the vehicle for questioning and investigation, but he said that the vehicle did not stop but stopped. drive fast and intend to hit them.
When asked what message he would like to send to his fellow students, he replied, “If we are committed to education, poverty cannot prevent us from reaching our goals and it needs us. to take care only of dignity in life as in these days of great challenges such as youth violence at an early age and the misuse of technology or the internet.
She also reminded that education is very important and precious in the lives of people, she also reminded that as school children they have many responsibilities to fulfill every day. to work hard to reap the clean harvest and to contribute to society and build a brighter future.
The awards were presented by Defend Pakem in the presence of Jikham Syrti and District Sports Officer West Jaintia.
Police said that the bombs were used immediately after construction but did not have the necessary equipment.
The Dorbar Shnong Rangthong, South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday honored Victorealness Syiemlieh with the Florence Nightingale Award. 2021 by the President of India Droopadi Murmu on 7th November at Rashtrapati Bhawan in Delhi.
After receiving no objection from the public, the management said that they have received 158 letters of objection to the company and the report they have received. They will be handed over to the State Government today and the decision will be taken after a thorough review by the State Government.
The meeting was conducted by Bah SK Budnah, President Mawlangwir Sports Club, dance by Ri Maram Folk Academy and welcome by Bah Mebandonnam Saiborne.
Come and witness the Fourth Lukha Festival, which will be held on the 2nd and 3rd of June, organized by the Sonapyrdi Tourism and Economic Development Society (STEDS).
Kharkrang said that besides these 11 persons, there are still others who have been arrested in connection with the incident which happened last night. Larningstar Kharbani, 28, of Umkrem, Mairang, West Khasi Hills, has been arrested on suspicion of menshohnoh.
Because of a good life in itself, it will give a true judgment through the judges.
Below you will see some of the bad consequences of drinking too much water.
Referring to the upcoming elections, Khonglah said that they have elected leaders by others, the government is coming by one. It is a clean government, but we need a strong government so that only one party can form the government.
Shillong: Meghalaya women's cricket team beat Sikkim 2-0 in the Women's Senior One-Day Trophy on Saturday.
GUWAHATI: U Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam, today said in the Assam Legislative Assembly that beef should not be sold in Hindu areas.
The purchase of medicines was done by the Meghalaya Purchase Board which purchased medicines under the supervision of the director.
This lower transaction costs meant that banks were more willing to serve the underserved and made it profitable to offer new services.
Speaking on the occasion of the appointment of Charles Pyngrope as the Chief Leader of the State Trinamool Congress, Charles Pyngrope said, “The Congress will stand and the ship of its work will sail and will not sink. but the rowers were weak".
He also explained to the public about the intention of NALSA to provide assistance to the people who are not able to fight for their rights in the legal matters, but they should know that the government is prepared for those who There is no authority known as legal aid counsel to advocate for their rights under any law to a fair trial.
He said that at present, the shyiap from East Khasi Hills as a whole is known as the shyiap Mylliem, because the Union covers all the areas from Smit and other areas under the EKH. W.Khyriem Secretary of the Association said that this is not only in Mylliem but in all the places where the Association has sent people to ensure that there are no smugglers of shyiap.
The match between Laitkor SC and Malki SC started at 2:15 pm.
We have been abused enough and we have not returned them evil.
The area of ​​Mawshynrut block is about 1614 square kilometers and the number of villages is
After investigation, the driver of the vehicle was arrested from Wah Nangbah in Jan Iawmusiang.
In his speech, Father Sunny Mavellil said that the government has allocated about T.3.30 crore for the construction of this office and T.3.65 crore for the purchase of equipment and tar for the production of these offices. but rep family shah.
He said that if the government does not bring to the dorbar tlang the demands of the party especially those related to the entry of foreigners, the party will hold a stronger protest which will be announced later. after the 9th against the government and ruling MLAs.
On the other hand, the winner of the tournament, MLFC, received a cash prize of 70,000 tyngka and a trophy.
The service will be held every evening at 6:00 pm and on the Lord's Day there will be three services at 10:30 AM, 1:30 pm and 6:00 pm. Word Training including special programs for youth and women on the 10th and 11th from 8:00 AM to 1:00 PM. There will also be a Musical Celebration (Gospel Concert) on Saturday (11/3/2 ) from 5:30 pm onwards.
This is the party's suggestion to the Chief Minister, as the party has urged that a special session should be convened to discuss this.
Police are conducting investigation into the incident.
The players selected this year are Gurmeet Singh (Hyderabad FC), Dheeraj Singh (FC Goa); Sumit Rathi (Mohun Bagan Super Giant), Nardender Gahlot (Odisha FC), Amarjit Singh Kiyam (Punjab FC), Samuel James Lyngdoh Kynshi (Punjab), Rahul KP (Kerala Blasters), Abdul Rabeeh Anjukandan (Hyderabad FC), Ayush Chhetri ( FC Goa), Bryce Miranda (Kerala Blasters), Azfar Noorani (Gokulam Kerala), Rahim Ali (Chennaiyin FC), Vincy Barreto (Chennaiyin FC), Sunil Chhetri (Bengaluru FC), Rohit Danu (Bengaluru FC), Gurkirat Singh (Mumbai City), Aniket Jadhav (Odisha FC), Deepak Tangri (Mohun Bagan Super Giant).
In Punjab, this is the case.
The second prize went to Divarson Mairangthem of Ramakrishna Mission Higher Secondary School, Sohra and the third prize went to Rinison Swer and Sujal Das of Ramakrishna Mission Higher Secondary School, Sohra.
This is because Shillong is the capital of the state and the collection of bills here is adequate.
The number of cases in Mumbai alone has now risen to 15,000, with 800 new cases.
When asked, the Minister said she has no authority to send any inquiry into the incident.
She threatened that if the government does not listen to their demand within 48 hours, they will hold a strong protest.
According to the Government report which Captain Fisher submitted after his inspection of this area and the Khasi Hills, it says as follows about the valleys of our Hills:- “Captain Fisher's account is no less interesting. .
Thai Prime Minister Srettha Thavisin has also promised to take action on the incident and the increase in shooting incidents in the country and has also promised to punish those involved. in such cases and shall also be prosecuted under the criminal provisions relating to their respective offences.
On the other hand, the government has decided to set up a commission to study the division of constituencies after the controversy over the Bill.
He said that after careful consideration and survey he has decided to join the Congress and also to stand as the party's candidate in
If you take money, they say, it's like trafficking.
JICA has said that the project will be completed within two and a half years from the start of construction.
One unit of alcohol is equivalent to 10 milliliters of undistilled alcohol, one third of a pint of beer or half a glass of wine.
“The Central Government has decided to start planting this tree in the state because it is suitable for the climate,” said Prof Dinabandhu Sahoo, Director of the Institute of Bio-Resources and Sustainable Development (IBSD). Reporters today in Shillong.
It is to be recalled that the 4-lane road in Nongpoh has been discussed from time to time and there has been a proposal to build a flyover bridge in Nongpoh. Water and also to improve the roads that are still in short supply, but this discussion has not reached anywhere and as soon as the rain comes many people are affected by the floods which is only due to the lack of water. to the Water Canal.
“The district council is working very slowly, there is no provision of accounts, no transparency,” she said. water, river, conservation areas and others.
We want the protection of the nation first and then the development.
As part of the pressure on the Indian government to ensure the release of the fishermen, who have been stranded in Muscat, many of the fishermen have staged a protest in the district under the jurisdiction of the Collectors. in Ramanathapuram at the time of the meeting.
Kiri Dolloi was one of the Dolloi who took part in the fight against the French Government along with Kiang Nangbah who was the hero of the country.
The meeting unanimously decided to demand that the KHADC should remove this VDC group from its Bill, as its presence will cause many problems and dangers in the administration and will cause division. but the villages were built.
When asked again, he said, “It's right for me” and “I'll meet you when I take over”.
“A blast at the heart of the state capital is very dangerous,” Mukul Sangma wrote on Twitter this morning.
This must be completed before 28th June.
As soon as he reached the country, Mar Kuhain Lyngskor, a mushi who was very skilled in snieh, came.
Jesus said to Saul (Paul), “I have appointed thee as a minister and a witness both of these things which thou seest..." Acts 26:15-1
The bridge connects Meghalaya with other states like Assam, Mizoram, Tripura and parts of Manipur.
Regarding the ability of these two students to pass the examination, the teachers of the College could not help but congratulate and express their gratitude to these two students for their ability to pass the examination. bring fame to the College as a whole.
Those who have received or hold a Mining Lease will be punished according to the provisions of the law if they issue a Challan to other owners of mines in other places.
This is not only the festivals but also the enthusiasm of the people to participate in the festivals whether it is the Nongkrem dance, Suk Mynsiem dance, Wangala dance, Christmas or even the festivals. the rituals of other nations.
We would like to thank the doctors, nurses, staff of Bethany and Supercare hospitals and the doctors who came to provide home care.
Police have arrested Rimialson Daw after receiving a complaint from Bah Richard Syiemiong.
The Commissionerate of Food Safety (CPF) has been taking samples of the fish for testing and has not found any such cases. "If there is no formalin, do you think it will allow us to sell," he said.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) celebrates the Khasi National Awakening Day on the 4th of June every year. Most of the programs include mass marches along with mass performances, ksing, dhah, put, tem and rwai ka siaw in their traditional costumes.
Before launching into space, they will train themselves from July 1, 2021, to learn how to survive in space and the launch will take place on March 5,
The buyers have estimated to the Prime Minister that if the government collects revenue from these minerals that enter the dewbilat factories, the government can build up to 100 kilometers of good roads every year in East Jaintia Hills. .
Regarding the non-functioning of CCTVs in Motphran, some police said that not only in Motphran, but in the whole of Shillong, except for one in Umsohsun area which is functioning.
He said that in 1998, the Governor of Assam wrote to the President of India that there were 100,000 illegal immigrants from Bangladesh.
There are seven candidates contesting the election in Sohiong including NPP candidate Samlin Malngiang, Congress candidate S Osborne Kharjana, HSPDP candidate Sandondor Ryntathiang and Seraph Eric Kharbuki. of the BJP, and Bah Stodingstar Thabah of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC).
Earlier, the meeting was opened with a prayer by the Principal of Mawlangwir Higher Secondary School, Mawlangwir, Bah K.Marweiñ.
Nongpoh: Iewsier, which is one of the seven villages in Saiden village, has received surprising news from the Nongkhyllem Wildlife Sanctuary in Ri Bhoi District. All the residents of the village have already taken part in the Tika to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Ma LD Lakiang, said that the foodgrains donated by prominent figures, unions and executive committees have been distributed to all the poor and homeless residents within the boundary of the village. who is affected by the lockdown.
The original purpose of the Khasi Heritage Village in Mawphlang is to bring together the Khasi Heritage Village and all the Khasi Khara children. There shall be unity in all aspects – in customs and traditions, in the rule of law, in justice and not to be misled or deceived by the colors of the world so as not to be swept away by the flood that swept away all. that four lyer.
Meghalaya scored 216 runs in the second innings to set Manipur a target of 270 runs to win.
Six youths including Alfredy Sohtun, Vishal Dev Verma, Bijay Singh, Rohit Suting, Banteilang Kharumnuid and Pappu Deka today strongly condemned the Sordar of Syntung. They also demanded that the police should arrest him immediately for his involvement in the attack.
The matches on Friday will be between Lutituber Öalong vs Youth Social Welfare Pynthor at 12.30 pm, Mulang Ålong vs Thadmuthlong Stadium at 2 pm and Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu vs Royal Pole Mihmyntdu at 2 pm. 3.30 pm.
Hamas health chief in Gaza, Youssef Abu Rish, said all hospitals in the northern part of Gaza had been shut down because all supplies had been exhausted. There are 27 patients admitted to these hospitals, including 7 premature babies, who have died in the past few days due to illness. get proper medical attention.
Stories teach us how to live and grow here on earth.
The opening ceremony was attended by the MLA, office bearers and members of the Domshoh Ksoin Area Development Committee under the leadership of Bah LP Sohphoh, Chairman of the Committee. The Sordars of Nongkdait, Dirang, Umlympung and Nongsiej.
They also contribute significantly to the income of the State.
On 02.05.2020 I wrote an article, “Be careful even when the pandemic ends”.
At present, even the traffic between Nongpoh, which is the District Headquarters of Ri Bhoi, and the Patharkhmah-Jirang area (villages to the east of Ri Bhoi) it was also easier and faster than before.
He said that the turnaround of the ethnic parties has been an opportunity for the VPP as it is now the only ethnic party that gives hope to the people of the state.
He said that the students should take the CUET examination seriously and go for it.
“This clinic is for the purpose of providing training to young people aged 10 to 19 years,” said W.Lyngkhei.
Aizawl: Thousands of people from across Mizoram have taken part in a protest against the central government's decision to sign the India-Myanmar border and to remove it. the Free Movement Regime (FMR) and Myanmar.
The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government led by the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma will soon leave for Delhi to urge the Central Government on the two pending demands — the Inner Line Permit. and the inclusion of the Khasi & Garo Languages ​​in Article 8 of the Constitution.
The competition was held in various Districts and Sub-Divisions.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The Khyndai Lad Market is one of the most famous markets in Meghalaya but when you look at the transformation of this market, it has turned into a shana market.
When he arrived at Sohra on 22.6.1841, he began to teach the people there the Word of God which he had brought from Wales but he found that there was no Khasi Alphabets. don't write.
Shillong, Naitung 9: It is the first time that a Minister or Parliamentary Secretary to the State Government, Dr C Lyngdoh, has visited the fields of agriculture. A few days ago, he personally visited the farms in Amlarem, Khliehriat and Jowai, to inspect the state of agriculture in these parts of Jaintia Hills, including War Jaintia.
Between March 2013 and November 2015, 1,322 patients have benefited from this machine while 170 patients have received free treatment.
Therefore, in my opinion, the three languages ​​of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo should be included in the song,” she said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: “The North East is more special especially when women are respected.
Speaking to reporters, Madhav said the BJP will ensure the peace of the people of the North East and without religious discrimination in the country.
This year this character will also be seen in some new films.
“And the Word became flesh, and dwelt among us” Isaiah 1:1
The Sentinel.14/03/21).
The Bangladesh Telecommunications Regulatory Commission (BTC) has ordered the closure of all mobile phone towers on the border with India, citing a threat to peace and order in the country.
It is these investigations that have made the people believe and trust in this government, he said.
Shillong, Nailur 21 : As the session of the Synrai MLAs is too short, the question sent and prepared to be tabled in the House for the purpose of bringing a resolution to stop the uranium mining project in the state has not been submitted. In fact, the government should have passed a resolution to decide unanimously to stop the mining of uranium in the state, said the MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah PT Sawkmie.
The five MDCs who have resigned from the Congress party are Antonio War MDC Laitumkhrah, Arbinus Lyngdoh MDC Umroi, Banteidor Lyngdoh (Paidang) MDC Mawkynrew and Hadrian Lyngdoh MDC Mawkyrwat. and Victor Rani MDC of Jirang.
Government weigh bridges in Umling and Khliehriat are not available.
Furthermore, it was learned from the residents of the area that the boundary of the District Council forest and the raid is not clear and Wester Sawkmie said that the KHADC has not yet clarified where it started. Nongstoin, Naitung 30: Police of Mairang PS on Tuesday evening have arrested 10 people from Mairang PS. Police have arrested a coal truck which was trying to smuggle the coal, the driver and the follower of the truck.
Bah Shadap appealed to the state government to open the door for the people to receive subsidy to encourage them to buy electric vehicles. since electric cars don’t emit any pollutants at all.
If this is taken seriously, it will not only provide employment opportunities to the youth but will also increase their income and increase the income of the state.
“The OM has been finally decided and the question of reversing it will not arise,” said Conrad, recalling that the State Government has already consulted with all the groups before introducing the OM. New OM.
The people who live here often live in peace and harmony.
“We are fighting as hard as we can to elect the right candidates and we are working hard to strengthen the party and let us hope for the best because the election itself is unpredictable”.
These two Rangbah Swer are also members of the old Executive Committee of the village under the leadership of Bah Diengdoh. “We are just land owners, the work has been done by the soil, we don't know. “It's a lot of money, it's the soil,” he said.
Why should the Tide Fund be allocated when there is no money allocated for these projects?
We are all equal before the law.
The pursuit of wealth and knowledge by many is not wrong, but the motive behind it may be right and many may be wrong.
In Helmand, the Taliban reportedly opened fire on civilians, killing 40 people and injuring hundreds more on 2 January
The tournament will start at 9 pm at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
“The Minister also said that there is a loss and gain if there is no personal interview.
The Christians in Khasiland are proud, self-confident, intelligent, self-confident, self-righteous.
Police are conducting investigation.
HDR Lyngdoh said he has no reason against Ma Vincent, but he said, “I propose myself when the party calls”.
On the other hand, officials from Andhra Pradesh under the leadership of the Deputy Director of Fisheries, Yakub Basha have agreed to conduct a thorough inspection and check whether there is any fraud and to explain to the Dohkha shippers on this issue.
Conrad also explained how the roster works in relation to the implementation of the appointment and said the government is following the order of the court in this regard.
The ILP will apply only to those innocent tourists, whose purpose is only to stay temporarily in the country of natural air condition and then return to their homes, to the thor.
The complaint went to 48 people, but 16 of them died.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The High Court (HC) of Meghalaya on Tuesday ordered the state government to release hospitals from the affected by the power outage.
Along with the availability of water, there will also be adequate water supply systems for the water needs of the people,” said Sangma.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Mayral Born Syiem said that this disease is treatable and many people have recovered from it although many people have been infected but the people should not I hope that the doctors will soon be able to eradicate this disease like Nianglyngkut in the past years and Ri-Bhoi is one of the districts that have been allowed to treat this disease. However, thanks to the hard work of the doctors and the health department, the disease has now disappeared and it is hoped that the disease will be eradicated soon.
The football tournament was held at Mawdngong, Mawdieja, Sohryngkham to raise funds to help the poor families of Sohryngkham and others.
Switzerland goalkeeper Yann Sommer saved Kylian Mbappe's penalty kick to put France out of the European Championship.
Petrol and diesel prices have increased sharply in the past 9 days and this is a price hike to offset the losses of petrol and diesel companies. during the previous 82 days of lockdown across India.
In a press conference in the presence of the Chief Minister of Karnataka, Basavaraj Bommai, Kichcha announced his joining the BJP. is one of the most prominent characters of Telegu films and who also has a lot of fans.
We don't understand what the election has to do with the Human Rights Commission. If something happens to us, who will take responsibility? We are shocked because we have been threatened after lodging this complaint,” said one of the young women.
On this occasion, the Chief Guest also inaugurated many road construction projects and launched a booklet on the progress of the district in various fields during the past year. go since it opened on November 10, 2021.
Later, Amit Shah visited the refugee camp in Imphal where he met with the Meitei people. peace and their ability to return to their homes.
“I submitted a detailed report and gave him some explanations in which he expressed his happiness to see the development works that have taken place and implemented in the state, and he was also happy to see “The development projects through the budget in the last five years have increased to more than 200 percent, which is almost three times higher than in the past 5-6 years,” he said.
“It is for this reason that we have brought the idea to the world – One World, One Health.
They were honored on Saturday 23rd October, 2024 at a ceremony held at the BAM-JH Training Center at Tlane Mynkjai, Dawki Road by the Dalloi of Jowia District, Puramon Kynjing.
Arif Shaikh scored in the 22nd minute, Adil Khan in the 44th minute and Ambernath United in the 44th minute. Shravan Shetty scored in the 56th minute, Johnson Joseph Mathews in the 87th minute and Himanshu Patil in the 88th minute.
Adelbert said this figure shows that the state is in danger if the government does not take action to curb the prostitution.
In our society, we encounter from time to time challenges in the form of problems, mistakes, obstacles, lack of understanding, etc. it is the case that the 'mohkhiew is btuit'
Nongpoh, June 11: A truck number ML07 B 9154 has collided with a truck number ML07 B 9154 on the road this morning. They came from Umrit to Umling while passing on this road which falls within the boundary of Umling Shnoing.
The 3rd Pineapple Festival was held at the office of the District Transport Officer in the presence of Bah Mayralborn Syiem. Nongpoh MLA, Bah Balajied Ranee MDC, officers from various government departments together with RBTEDF leaders including Bah Pillad Tiewsoh as Chairman and members.
“This is a sad incident because they don't know the situation of the people of this area and the BJP has come to bush their heads into this using the local parties.
At the same time, the ECI said that the candidates and parties should refrain from making any statements that are against the dignity of women.
The East Khasi Hills Police have not stopped searching for those involved in this robbery and in the last three months they have been able to collect evidence to identify the people involved in this robbery. claim.
He passed away at 1:25 pm on 3rd November
Of course, it cannot be said that even if any party is in power, such accusations will arise and happen as soon as the election is near.
The Government of India through its various departments has recognized many of these heroes of the country by awarding them with various awards as a sign of recognition of their contribution to the country. These include the Ashoka Chakra, the Kirti Chakra, the Police Medal for Gallantry, the Meghalaya Governors' Medal and many other awards to commemorate their work and names.
“The executive committee will look into this matter and will also recommend to the State Government to strengthen the Rules by releasing the MMMCR, 2016 on the quarrying,” he said. he said.
The office bearers who have resigned from the HSPDP include Bah Arnes Kharphuli, President of the HSPDP Rangshken Area, Kong M. Langstieh and others.
He said that during the tenure of Dr. Mukul Sangma as Chief Minister, the Smart Card scheme was implemented to assist the sick across the state.
The PIL was filed in June this year and before the rainfall.
The MoU aims to build mechanisms of cooperation between the two countries in areas related to integration in the energy sector, peak-hour power sharing and emergencies; co-construction of projects; the co-production of green hydrogen with clean hydrogen and electricity from renewable sources; and also supply chains used in the green hydrogen and clean hydrogen industries and electricity industries from renewable sources.
“If you look at what as a party we have promised in the past years whether it is in the state or in the national elections, we promise what we can achieve and not to deceive the people with promises that are not "It's not like that," he added.
Our consumer rights are:Right to protect consumers from hazardous materials.
Do you know if this scheme works in your village? If so, why do women refuse to come to the government hospital in Shillong to give birth? After 50 years, why hasn't the government sent doctors to all the PHCs? And why these shortcomings in the field of women and children's health are not addressed in the Assembly.
These things happen because they do not devote themselves to the scientific loves of today to collect precious and wonderful objects that explain the existence of man.
Congress MP from Shillong, Bah Vincent H Pala said the Government should conduct a thorough investigation into how the entry of foreigners is affected, and to what extent the State needs development works in order to progress and reach the levels of other developed parts of the country.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri, has decided not to back down from her decision to resign from the post of Minister. Mukul Sangma has not yet accepted and is urging Kong Roshan to reconsider her decision.
Last year, there was a protest by the contract teachers who were dismissed by the MDA-I government, some of whom have been teaching for many years.
These 15 coal miners have been buried alive in the 370 feet crematorium at Khloo Ryngksan in Nongkhlieh area, East Jaintia Hills district since 13th November
The Pediatrics study examined a sample of 1,000 children and mothers over the past nine years.
About 350 SHGs from Amlarem, 8 shops and stalls took part in the fair.
The celebration in Mairang was organized by the Hima Nongkhlaw and was attended by the people who came to take part in the celebration along with the Hima officials and government officials.
Besides, 130 vehicles were destroyed and the damage was estimated at 1.75 lakh tyngka.
According to him, any smuggling of coal is a violation of the order issued by the National Green Tribunal (NGT).
Shillong, November 13: A special session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be held tomorrow to discuss the nomination of the new MDC.
“Now they are looking for ways and means to stop the Prah wind that blows upwards, even though they rule but the soul is afraid of Prah, they are afraid of Prah,” he said.
" Rida's mother replied.
He said that the approval of the Governor will be only a rule as the government has stipulated that the Act will come into force from 1st March,
We have also started construction of check-dams and irrigation systems to improve the water supply in the area,” he said.
The KSU has sent a letter to the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District to take action and talk to the District Administration of West Karbi Anglong District to block this plan to protect the border of the state.
Will the Congress still be able to win the Shillong seat? The answer will become clear when the time passes before the whole of India goes to the General Election of the Lok Sabha.
I'm going to shlei shi shlei to the field.
Of course, except for those who have programs and should arrive on time, it is another matter.
“First of all, it is the mercy of God and secondly, it is the help of the police, which has saved us from the trap of death,” they said.
The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Youth Wing, Kyrmen Shylla, has defended the Home Minister, Lahkmen Rymbui, by saying that the shooting of four Khasi elders in the Mukroh village is not the fault of Bah Rymbui.
There are some strong teams in the group which includes Meghalaya, Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra but Naba Bhattacharjee who is also the President encouraged these youngsters not to be afraid of the team. group name.
Such foods are evidence of the lack of nutrients in the body.
The NCB has seized the mobile phones of the three actresses and other mobile phones of Karishma Prakash, Jaya Saha, Rakul Preet Singh and Simone Khambatta. don't send it to forensic analysis.
“We urge you to direct all the heads of various government departments that officers should not misuse government vehicles for personal purposes such as in sending your children to school, going to the market or doing any other personal work"
It destroys the young trees that the flame cannot burn.
He said that the visit to Karbi Anglong and West Jaintia Hills districts has been an encouragement and comfort to the people because there is instability and he hopes that the ways to resolve problems and resolve boundaries.
It is learned that the MCPC supported James Sylliang through Bah M Thongni who is not a member of the MCPC and when asked for clarification, Bah Thongni apologized for the news. Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, the members of the MCPC said that they have not yet decided whom to support in the upcoming elections. He said that if the committee supports any candidate, he will win the MDC elections.
“It is sad and regrettable according to the reports through the arrest of those who smuggle illegal immigrants, we have heard that there are high level, low level, green level to release him. coal”.
Furthermore, the KHADC has announced that no houses or any structures will be allowed to be built near the river, or no trees will be allowed to be cut down near the river. The 6th Amendment Bill 2016 has been passed by the KHADC but if it is an urgent matter, they have to seek permission from the KHADC. The CEM said that the KHADC has a plan to preserve the environment and will urge all the Dorbar Shnongs, Raid Dorbars and Hima Dorbars to have a Law Adong or Law Kyntang. in their villages and this will apply to all villages.
PR Kyndiah demanded the recognition of the Khasi language while supporting the recognition of the Boro and Santhali languages.
Speaking to reporters, Beldingstone Lyngdoh Nonglait, after the release of the fish seeds, said that the release of these fish is to confirm whether the water is still bih or not. , because after a few days they will come back and if they find that the fish are still dead, it means that the water is not suitable for drinking.
NESO also demands the establishment of better educational institutions in all the states in the North East or Technical and Professional Institutes.
Two special songs were performed by Shabanri Kharraswai and Thylliej U Maram.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Sikkim by 194 runs in the Vijay Hazare Plate Group Tournament held at Dehradun today.
When the state government in the 1950s saw the plight of the primary teachers, it took over the management of the primary schools and the strike ended.
Therefore, he appealed to the residents to cooperate in all aspects so that education in the area can improve and flourish.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84046 out of which 82327 have recovered and 1464 have died.
“The allegations that have come out in these days that we are afraid of, have no basis at all,” said Bah Ardent.
Here we have to talk about the decision of the Supreme Court in the case “RK Sabharwal vs.
Bah Pius, who won from the UDP, was sworn in by the Speaker of the House, Dr Donkupar Roy at his office in Shillong today.
The song was sung by Khambor Khongkip (Phum) and composed by Bahnis Khongnoh.
Lucknow: Three days have passed since five people, including four farmers, died in Lakhimpur Kheri in Uttar Pradesh.
The purpose of the march was to express their support to Bah Ardent M Basaïawmoit who has taken the initiative to sit on hunger strike indefinitely to demand the rectification of the employment quota.
On the other hand, EJNC President Sambormi Lyngdoh expressed his concern over the spread of false news on social media and urged the government to take action to test or screen these patients. He also demanded that the government should immediately provide masks and handsanitizers in the state so that the people can protect themselves from the spread of Convid-1
The Dorbar Shnong of Ialong Village, West Jaintia Hills District has also banned all visitors to the Ialong Tourist Spot and has also banned the rawon from visiting the Ialong Tourist Spot until further notice.
The process of this begins with a search for influencers across cities, looking from places and alleyways in different neighborhoods, further through conversation, food, locals and customs culture- in order to understand about the city.
Shillong, Naitung 4: The Meghalaya Transport Corporation Workers' Union (MTRAWU) has decided to continue its indefinite strike until the government implements the “We are ready to fight until the end,” said the President of the group, Bah Erwin K Sutnga.
Earlier, the Minister said that the state government will announce the intention to set up at least three Medical Colleges.
This can be done through your smart phones by sending a miscall to the toll free number 18002090920. Many of the youths who have taken part in downloading this app have also expressed their appreciation to get this golden opportunity, he said. The President of the BJYM is Bah Egenstar.
Ms. Matsiewdor W Nongbri, Director, Arts and Culture Department, was appointed as the Member-Secretary of the Committee.
Jowai, Lber 08: The Women's Welfare Organisation, Seiñraij, Jowai today celebrated the International Women's Day at a meeting held at the Niamtre Dorbar of the Seiñraij. Hima Laroang, Chairperson WWO-Seinraij.
They also suggested that the police have cordoned off both sides of the hospital in Panaliar to prevent public vehicles from approaching the hospital as a precautionary measure.
Speaking to media, the MR said that the contractors have been instructed to give time to complete these projects and to discuss any issues with the DCs and Departments.
Regarding the news published on 30th July 2020 in another Khasi newspaper on the incident in Lumniwar, Mawhati, Ri Bhoi District, published by the Rangbah Shnong Tirot Mynsong, we, the owners of the land, Kong Iaidalang Marboh together with We don't have the right to complain or express our concerns as land owners whether it is the village or the land owners. Any government office whether in the village or in the city, if we come forward to demand our rights is against and we will be those who do not want to cooperate with the village and violate the rules of the village .
The weight of the drug was estimated at 1.915 kg or 1915grams.
“We have summoned the Secretary of the Club to appear on the 14th to answer,” said the Chairperson of the Commission, Kong Theilin Phanbuh.
The Fit India mission is also to raise awareness across the country in schools and colleges as well as about health through sports.
The program was held at the Community Hall of Khimusniang Village, in the presence of Wahehshnongs from different villages, various government departments such as PHE, the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, public and are welcome.
Earlier, on July 2, the FKJGP had protested against the Ganesh Das Hospital for not accepting Balari Lyngdoh for treatment due to her childbirth. You don't have the right to take care of yourself.
The Meghalaya government has appealed to the Supreme Court after these 10 students were rejected from medical colleges in Assam last month, alleging that Assam has violated the agreement.
“Now the Lord is that Spirit: and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty” (2 Corinthians 3:17).
Invite : Your invitation is a welcome invitation.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the KSU Education Cell, Ri Bhoi District, led by Samla Banjop Maring, Education Secretary, KSU Ri Bhoi District, today met with Kong RM Kurbah, Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District. , to discuss the proposal to build hostels for USTM and RIST, two universities in Killing, Ri Bhoi District.
“In the past years, without the railway, but the people in Bri u Hynniewtrep have not been in need of food and drink, where they are still like others, it is on that basis that the “I also urge all the members of the party who have that courage to oppose the Railway,” said Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar.
The company will lose only about T.2 lakh from what was deposited in the bank as a security deposit,” said the PAC member. the fact that only five percent should be released first for transportation of necessities.
Nongtnger said that Shallang PS has registered a case against John N Sangma and is conducting a thorough investigation to track down such members. don't go to Shallang.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has said that it will formulate a mining policy which will not put pressure on the land owners if it comes to power after the elections.
“On this concern of the HNLC leaders, when the peace talks with the government officials start in the first month of July, it will be put forward”.
On the following day, 16th July, students and villagers took part in the celebration of the International Youth Day 2019 organized by Jaintia Eastern College.
The Prime Minister said that if there is a need for an extension, the government will issue an announcement in due course.
The final match which was held at the NDSA Stadium in Nongpyndeng was very peaceful and was witnessed by many of the people of the area from the youngest to the oldest. They came to witness the final match.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday urged the religious leaders in the state not to be afraid when they go to pay their last respects to the deceased. 19, as the government will now provide PPEs for them.
Dr. Aidrolin Khonglam was also elected as the Proterm Chair Person to conduct the election of the Central Body for the year 2019-2 .Begood Khonglam, Vice president – ​​Mr.Adamson Khonglam, General secretary- Mr.P.Extender Khonglam, Assistant General secretary – Mr.Aplaimon Khonglam, Organizing secretary – Smt.
Beneficiaries can also submit complaints through the online platform called MEGPGRAMS Portal (www.megpgrams.
Nongstoiñ, July 14: The parents of Freddy Lyngkhoi, Nongstoiñ, West Khasi Hills District, on Wednesday held a special party at their home for the birth of Freddy Lyngkhoi. Sacred Heart Boys Mawlai Shillong, who is studying at Sacred Heart Boys Mawlai Shillong, has received the 5th position in the matric results. the list of the top 20 candidates in the state.
The Nongrit have become the Nongbah where the residents are no longer just from a few Kurs! The Jaitbynriew has moved from the custom of living around the Trep i Mei, in its Kur land, in its small villages – to living in big and small towns for the sake of the development of the Khasi people.
The tournament will be played only on Saturdays and holidays.
Babysunday Marngar scored the first goal for Mawten in the 21st minute through Oversharp Ïawphniaw. Shillong Lajong in this season.
It has also been seen that the ruling party in the MDA government has made itself known in the MDA government. Sangma, Chief Minister of the State.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla on Monday announced that he will allocate T.40 lakh from the MLA Scheme to the farmers and T.15 crore to repair the damage caused by the cyclone Amphan. This will be held on 26th June
Speaking to reporters, Bah YG Lyngdoh, Working President of the Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA), expressed his gratitude to the office of the District Sports Officer of Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA). Khelo India Center of South West Khasi Hills District together with the staff of the DSO office have organized this program successfully.
When she grew up, she traveled around the world. It was at this time that they say, “When children grow up, the responsibility is heavy.” Especially when her children traveled around the world. The environment in which I live is different whether in the city or in the countryside.
In Jaintia Hills, out of 101 candidates, only 29 candidates will win.
All we need is what your father says,” added the mother.
Both these fish are called 'kha Khla'
About 500 people are expected to attend the service, which will be addressed by Pastor Alwin Thomas. convert the local people.
In the women's category, Chelsea Byrsat came first and Noche Aranchimiksa Sangma came third, while in the SUV Men's category, Larry Mukhim came second and Ruchir Marak came third and won the trophy. The Best Decorated Car was won by Samla Jaki Trang and the winners also received cash prizes and trophies.
Tryptophan is another amino acid that can benefit sleep by increasing the levels of serotonin and melatonin.
Many of the people from the youth, men and women, the elderly and women in various ranks did not count or care about the day and night, did not care about the loss. They don't have enough time and energy to spend their time and energy thinking only about that candidate and their party. and the time to destroy and to destroy even from house to house.
Fortunately, the young woman managed to escape and called her family members who immediately came to look for her and searched for the auto rickshaw.
What is surprising is that these days, such as political parties, sports clubs, religious organizations and other organizations, that send their writings to the newspapers and government departments, with this and when this is the case, it shows that they have received a new way of thinking in the way of spelling, in the way of wording and so on.
“The HYC West Khasi Hills would like to express its special gratitude to the parents, who have supported their children to complete their education.
It also demanded the establishment of Collection Centers and Cold Storage, the implementation of labeling and food processing and the establishment of more markets.
The MBOSE has recently issued an announcement that it has changed the syllabus of XI Science.
However, the Sirdar of Mawlong Hima has thanked the people on that day and he himself did not appear at the meeting.
“The reasons why colleges in Meghalaya will find it difficult to implement the NEP from this year include the introduction of four-year undergraduate education, the lack of infrastructure, the need for more professors and multidisciplinary departments and this will lead to the need for investment,” said Conrad.
The last category is Z which means I will go to Zion.
Bah IW Ingty in his speech said that this hostel will provide a safe and affordable accommodation for women from Garo Hills who come to work in Shillong.
However, it is in 2022 that the world has started to return to normal and what is needed now is to complete the vaccination of every citizen, said the participants.
However, in Laitlyngkot, they don't listen anymore and they just insult the innocent people to show that they are against the vehicles that are passing and standing. send them away to the places where there are no enemies, for they are brave enough to fight.
He said that the KHADC is ready to cooperate with the Khasi Department, NEHU Shillong in relation to such information sessions and research.
Jabeda Begum has been arrested by the Assam Foreigners' Tribunal after she filed a complaint in the Gauhati High Court and said she has no right to appeal to the Supreme Court.
Speaking to PIB Shillong, Kong Pyrngap expressed her happiness by saying, “I am happy and pleased to receive this recognition for my hard work and I have tried to give 100 percent since they shall not begin until the end of the year.
Also present on the occasion were the Working President of the Congress Committee, Piwell Shylla and Deibormi Syad, President of the Block Congress Committee. followed by Shillong.
The advancement of science and technology has reached the point where the use of Aadhaar is similar to what is written in the Book of Revelation about the Beast
The meeting decided to seek recognition from the Wrestling Federation of India, the Meghalaya State Olympic Association and the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government as part of the promotion, encouragement and organization of this sport. ïalympat (Wrestling) hapoh ka jylla.
We understand that there are misunderstandings and misunderstandings that need to be clarified and we are waiting for the return of the Principal Secretary to the office soon to discuss this better,” she said.
You are the best Bah2 Snaitang.
Speaking on the allegations of corruption against the MDA government, Bah Titos said he feels that the new government should investigate such allegations and find out the truth. if found guilty of corruption," he said.
The release of funds to the contractor is also not in line with the progress of the work.
The driver of the truck has surrendered to the Umsning Police Station and the investigation into the cause of the accident is ongoing.
I saw Jesus Christ as a light in the darkness.
“This is the impact of allocating 13,000 sq.ft outside Shillong and especially outside the flyover to be constructed by NHIDCL,” said Prestone.
No one was injured in the incident except for the burning of some places.
Shillong: The CoHSO is pleased to express that as a nation we need to express our unity and solidarity and also to express one voice at this time of crisis when the Government of India intends to to pass the CAB, 2016, which has already been passed in the Lok Sabha and is awaiting approval by the Rajya Sabha, which will also be a law that will affect the minorities.
The MPUF has also urged the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District to open the market for three days a day so that the people who earn their living by selling can get back their income.
Shillong: The BJP Meghalaya today decided to contest the mid-term elections from Shella and sought the approval of the Delhi party.
Lephing received 912 votes and Bravestar Phawa received 539 votes out of
The parents of the girl, said that the picture of the girl, which was taken by the girl, was a picture of them going to a party at the house of the foreigner, who was invited because of the but on social media it was confirmed that the foreigner is the husband of the girl which has really shamed the longrynieng of the girl.
The new cases include EKH: 19, RBD: 2 and WJH:
Thank You Thank You Thai Dkhar (Mother).
The disease, which was first discovered in Peru, has spread to 26 other countries.
This time, Maheh has been waiting and preparing for the past five years with the confidence to reach the goal of victory.
Shillong: U Joannes JTL Lamare of Kynton U Mon, Laitkor has lodged a complaint with the Minister of Defense of India against the Assam Rifle troops stationed in Laitkor.
The victim was identified as a Bangladeshi, but the investigation is ongoing, he said.
IV/2023/152 until May 11, 2023.
It is the responsibility of the people of the state that for any mistake or failure in the working methods whether in development works or in welfare works, they blame others but they don't think that they too are the blamers. they should have thought 100 times before they pointed fingers at others.
“Because without the difficulties of this game we cannot hold this game, this is what we see all over the world.
The woman's family has another preparation to make an appointment between Banisha and the young pastor.
I remember when I was a child more than 70 years ago people didn't preach in schools but mostly talked about agriculture.
Among those who joined the VPP today was Bah Thingdar Lyngdoh, a Hill State Volunteer and one of the founders of the HSPDP. Speaking at a meeting to join the VPP after he left the party yesterday from the HSPDP, he said that his decision to join the party is based on principles.
Then the match will start again between Mawlai Presbyterian and May Queen at 2 pm.
“When they want to issue a statement to the media, they should consult with me first, because I am a member of the BJP party and I don't know anything about their statement. MDA government,” said Bah Shullai to reporters on Friday.
In June, 2022, Yallow and 20 other NPF MLAs joined the Nationalist Democratic Progressive Party (NDPP) under the leadership of Prime Minister Neiphiu Rio.
In honor of two former leaders of the RBYF, the RBYF today honored Dr. DD Lapang, who is also the founder of the RBYF, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, Leader At the same time, the RBYF has awarded prizes to 10 students from Ri Bhoi, for their achievements in the examinations. different.
Shillong, Lber 24 : The final of the 13th AS Khongphai 'U' 14 Football Tournament 2022-23, organized by the Upper Shillong Sports Social & Cultural Club, will be held on Saturday. 25/03/2023) at Nongpiur Square, at 1 pm.
The court ordered the model to pay T.10 lakh for causing trouble to the husband and T.10 lakh for promoting the husband in the T.50 lakh, as punishment for her actions.
I'm sorry I don't know how to think about the safety and that's what these people are saying that maybe the government has done something wrong only during this corona time support bt in your prayers to God.
This is in writing to the Government of Meghalaya, the Government of Assam and the Government of India.
At the meeting of the party held at the Jaiaw Lum Pyllon Dorbar Hall today, all the branches of the party in the state attended the meeting. Rani to lead the party.
In meetings in this state, the word 'Hon'ble Governor' shall be used.
The meeting will discuss ways and means to protect the Myntdu River and to maintain the cleanliness of the Myntdu River throughout the area which is covered with garbage produced by the residents of Jowai and market residents. other other.
The Meteorological Department of India, in a statement today, has warned of heavy to moderate rainfall in most parts of the country in the next 24 hours. State.
Bah BB Makdoh, one of the former leaders of the RBYF and Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, encouraged the new leaders of the CoRP Central Zone to be an example to the youth. For the good of the society and not to take advantage in the name of the party for personal gain because there are young people who join the party just because they have some reason.
The reason is that the Monitoring Committee has not been held every six months as agreed.
Therefore, such criminals are often in the Sengbhalang and it is such criminals who are often caught and treated first as skaiñ in the fields.
If the convict does not pay the fine, he will be imprisoned for three months, the POCSO Court, Tura said.
If the Central Government expects the people of the state to honor any of the heroes of India, it must first honor the state and the children of that state.
The soldiers added in the letter to the police that they were wrong because they did not inform the police immediately but left the bodies of the two men at the same place and fled.
So his beautiful appearance made him proud.
“The MDA government has taken action to meet the aspirations of the people and we are confident that under the leadership of the Prime Minister in the coming days there will be more change in the state,” he said. said Tynsong.
The Umngot River in Dawki has become a beautiful tourist destination for the people of Bangladesh because from this place they can see the Khasi Hills without even imagining what it is like. He also urged the people of Bangladesh not to go to India.
Speaking to Wah Umkhrah, Kong Sil said, “I turn to the leaders, but there are no intellectuals to lead the country”.
“After we parents got home, we saw that the children had prayed and when we asked, they said that they were eating those tits that they had picked from the forest,” said the mother.
“We don't want to see the rivers in Khasi Hills turn into Wahumkhrah and for this reason the Council is also very vigilant in the implementation of the building byelaws,” he said.
WAHIAJER: “The BJP government intends to make JIO the sole owner of mobile phones in India,” said Congress candidate Vincent H Pala.
Shillong, March 26: The Nongstoiñ Block Congress Committee (NCCC) has decided to give the ticket to Dr. Adviser Pariong among the three candidates who have applied for the ticket for the mid-term MLA elections.
Statistics show that the number of polygamous men has decreased from 1.9% to 1.4% between 2005-06 and 2019-2
The Government of India should have set up a group to discuss the demands of various states like Meghalaya, Assam, Tripura, West Bengal, Maharashtra and others.
Also present on the occasion were Samla Pynshai Rani Publicity Secretary KSU Umden Unit as the chief guest, Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni President KSU Umden Unit as the guest of honour, Samla Toning Lapang President KSU Umden Unit and others. other leaders and elders from Umden.
“Why in Shillong, Jowai and Tura, the power outage will be for only 2 hours, while in rural areas or other districts, the power outage will be for 5 hours,” he said. and we don't feel it is acceptable, because when the Damsite is flooded, the lights are still on”.
Prestone said this in response to a zero hour notice issued by VPP Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang on Friday in the Budget Session on the heading. Khasi youth in Mawlong Island.
Daniel 11:41 he will make friends with the Jews, the Jews will be pleased with him because he will command to build the Temple, and it will be the Third Temple of the Jews.
“I understand that it is difficult but we must walk in our own way, mother and father,” said Peter.
The meeting also started with a training on the implementation of EVMs and VVPATs and also to explain the availability of EVMs/VVPATs allocated for all Polling Stations and other requirements. to provide training for the election of public leaders in the upcoming elections on the 27th of June.
The Coromandel Express was heading from Kolkata to Chennai and collided with freight trains parked near its tracks and were supposed to travel from Bengaluru to Kolkata.
Raj Biswas took 10 wickets for 49 runs while Chengkam Sangma took three wickets for 47 runs. Aryan Borah took 13 wickets.
However, they appealed to the passengers to wait until the road is completed.
At the meeting which was held to discuss how the people can send a candidate to the Ing Dorbar, the voice that came out of the meeting was that Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit should be elected to the House of Representatives. The meeting requested Pastor Basaiawmoit to contest once again in the upcoming MP elections.
Embassy staff will assist you for detailed instructions.
Speaking to media, Samla Ferdinald Kharkamni, said that after a thorough discussion on the introduction of the empty camp in Ri-Bhoi, these elders have decided to form a group under one umbrella. Village leaders and civil society organizations to express the same voice against the casino which has been built in Ri-Bhoi District, which many of the people are against and finally decided to form a group which has The Joint Action Committee against Casinos has appointed Bah BB Makdoh as Chairman and Samla Ferdinald Kharkamni as Secretary of the JAC in the presence of other leaders, political parties and Rangbah Shnongs as office bearers and members.
Your customer should be informed.
The town of Nongpoh has grown and developed with the passage of time, and it has been seen that many foreigners have come to do business or to set up shops. .
Speaking at the Awareness Cum Health Camp organized by the Lum Marbah Youth Association, Nongrah in collaboration with the Rynjah State Health Dispensary, today, Ban Pyngrope said that At that time, Mizoram was affected by drugs and Meghalaya is facing this problem now.
After receiving a tip about the presence of people carrying firearms from Archung (Lawngtlai district) to Lawngtlai, a team of police and army in collaboration set up a check post.
The training program includes areas related to modern technology such as Aadhaar Based Biometric Attendance System (AEBAS), CCTV recording, Call Centre, Mobile App based Management Information System and on-line monitoring.
New Delhi: The Central Government has hiked the price of petrol and diesel by two tyngka.
Deibormi Rangad of Langsning XI CC was named Man of the Match for 24 runs and took two wickets.
On the other hand, the AJYWO also urged the JHADC to advise the state government to complete and consider first other areas to build the urgent needs of the area in terms of development, as stated in the a petition of the party submitted to the State Government in recent months.
Those who attended the closing ceremony of the tournament included Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang who was the chief guest, Paidolyne L.Nonglait, DSEO as the chief guest. Chief Secretary, Bah Bobby L Nongbet DSO Nongpoh, teachers, students and many others.
The Minister said this in response to a question from the media, on the demand of some women to hand over to them to be the head of the village.
In a statement, Bah Rymbai said that the government has been tagging the work of teachers on such a day but the sad thing is that the teachers have to come out to fight for their rights. .
The KHADC demands that the government should remove the words “Except the courts empowered by the Constitution of India under the Sixth Schedule” from its announcement.
Rupang spoke to Bah Sainbor Nongkhlaw, Head of the Syiem Police Station, who said that their operation is like a 108 vehicle because they patrol day and night. The market should always be protected from any criminals who intend to commit crimes such as theft.
This will depend primarily on us parents, to ensure that our children.
“In order not to affect the passengers, we would like to appeal to the people to be patient with the arrangement that only a few leaders will accompany the candidate on the polling day,” he said. .
What Isaiah foretold will come true.
They said they will also meet with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh who heads another committee related to this issue.
The Vive Chairman of the Western Ri-Bhoi Development Council, Bah Najim Kharmalki, said that crops such as lakait, diengsoh and especially rice were damaged in the storm yesterday.
Both Shanborlang and Ïarapborsing have brought fame to the State through their victories last year.
Marriage is one of the happiest occasions of all and brings happiness not only to the couple, but also to the parents, brothers and sisters of the two families and also to the relatives and all. those who have a relationship with those who are strong.
Earlier, Mukul said the government would release T.80 crore to the MCCL to release its debt and pay their salaries.
Meanwhile, sources close to the Pynshngaiñ party said that before the CEC took the decision to withdraw from the PDF, there was a heated argument and quarrel between the UDP leaders. The source also alleged that before the CEC, the party that wanted to leave the PDF had planned in advance to achieve their wish, which was led by party members who were not also party members. From talks with the media, it is understood that the intention of the four MDCs to oppose the decision of the CEC is because they have already had an understanding with the four MLAs and other leaders. They understood that the UDP will not be willing to expel them from the party and they understood that the party will have to convene another meeting to review the decision to withdraw support from the PDF. to reach a repeal of the decision and continue support.
Furthermore, the KSU through this statement also raised the question on the neglect of the people in the border areas with Bangladesh by the state government authorities.
The cost of the RT PCR test will be T.1,000 and an additional T.200 will be charged. these tests in people's homes.
They appealed to the people, civil society groups and the Government to contribute so that the new school can be rebuilt.
A wrongdoing is a wrongdoing no matter how big or small.
He wrote that there will also be an option to study any indigenous language in Class VI to VIII as optional subjects and from Class IX to XII as elective subjects.
The district authorities have ordered the shopkeepers in the market or village shops to follow the rules of odd and even numbers. until the end of this disease.
The BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government has named the Women's Reservation Bill as the Nari Shakti Vandan Bill.
Firstson Pohlong (28', 51' & 76') gave TSC Lummyrli a 3-1 win over Lumshnong SC. Daeimitre Ladong scored the first goal for Lumshnong SC in the 69' Mutong Youth SC beat Quarter Senglang 3-1
In addition to those who are literate, tens of thousands of illiterate members of the Presbyterian Church in the country have been trained and become readers and thinkers and become church leaders and village headmen.
Then I asked again, "Aren't those four positions announced by the chairman a monument already?" Everyone said, “it is”.
The meeting was conducted by KSUP Chairman Rast Thabah, KSUP Leaders Erwin Sutnga, John Kharshiing, Raid Labang Nongphylut. transfer this land to Meghalaya.
Shillong: The IG, BSF of Meghalaya Frontier, Inderjit Singh Rana, on Tuesday said that it cannot be said that the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) is still working well.
Although the Company Government was able to persuade the Syiem of Sohra Hima and made an alliance with him, other Himas, such as Mawsmai, Sohbar, Wahlong, Pamsanngut, Mawdon, Shella and Dwara Nongtyrnem, came together to stand together. against the invasion of the Company Government in their Hima.
He said that for the survival of the country and the nation, we should not blame only the people but first the leaders from the mind and heart.
Heavy rains were felt in Gujarat, Gujarat, Sialkot, Kot Momin, Madhya Pradesh, Chakwal, Kohat and parts of Gilgit-Baltistan.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The Shillong Police Station will start driving a new vehicle in the shape of a New York NYPD vehicle from tomorrow evening.
The Minister also urged the public to take precautionary measures and wash their hands and if they have any illnesses such as fever, headache and fever to stay outside if they have any signs of the disease. the plague.
The body was found by a student who informed the teachers of JJM Nichols Roy School, Nongstoin.
Syiem said this while speaking on the joint venture to combat drug abuse organized by the MACS and the Voluntary Health Association of Meghalaya (VHAM).
He said that in fact it is a difficult decision to take this decision to remove the tickets of the MLAs. “It's for the good of the state and the party,” he said.
Where is the fourlane road from Rilbong to Upper Shillong and Dawki now? The expectations of the people at the time of the formation of this government have failed and have been a waste of time.
Tell your parents today.
She said that when she retires from her job she has an idea and wants to set up her own swimming pool so that she can help full time to those who want to train themselves.
Saturated fats : Saturated fats found in nuts, seeds, avocados, olive oil, cheese, unprocessed seeds and fish are They are important for mental health and are important for the ability to cope with stress.
Deuteronomy 28: 15– 68 .
The two organizations said that this violates the rights of the consumers and demanded that the Legal Metrology Department should investigate the mawser and punish those who cheat the consumers.
All citizens who have reached the age of 18 years and above should vote to elect candidates from different parties or as independents.
Fruit of the womb is a blessing from the Lord, love your children and teach them well.
In the second leg, Lumparing SC beat Kharang SC 6-0 while Mawlai SC beat Ïasnohktilang SC 5-0 In the first match, Lumparing SC beat Kharang SC at the MFA Third Ground, where I.Marbaniang scored four goals.
The cleanliness drive was inaugurated by the Member of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, Leader of the North Shillong Constituency.
“We have registered four cases of trafficking and rape including three at Madanrting police station and one at Laitumkhrah against Julius K Dorphang,” he said.
Executive members
The stadium, formerly known as the State Council of Assam, was inaugurated by former President of India, Dr Fakrudin Ali Ahmed in 1964 to promote sports in the state. It was rebuilt in 1984-86, and in
If we fail to attract many people per day we will lose the future benefits because tourists who can afford to pay low prices for accommodation and tourist attractions will refuse to come here because they are concerned about the lack of privacy.
Bah War himself said that the troops should move the gate from the PWD road and dig as much as they want.
The Kiew Shaphrang Award 2013 was held at the Don Bosco Youth Centre. The Kiew Shaphrang Award 2013 was also held at the Don Bosco Youth Centre.
Akash Kumar Choudhury, who missed the first two matches, scored 10/79 against Nagaland in the third match.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Deputy CEM of Jaintia Hills District Council Bah Lasky Rymbai said that it is necessary to protect the forests, hills and rivers.
These 13 persons are members of AHAM South Garo Hills unit.
I'll put many bones in you, I'll bring forth flesh in you, I'll cover you with skin, I'll breathe in you, And you'll live.
“Out of the list of 12 players, only 5 players are state residents while 7 players are non-Khasi or Garo.
In another raid, BSF 172 Bn conducted a vehicle search operation in Sonapur area and recovered two Bolero Pickups carrying 15 boxes of kyiad and 32 byrni of sugarcane from Sonapur. border areas of East Jaintia Hills.
Disparsing Rani, one of the RTI applicants, this time through his thorough investigation, alleged that he found that the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation Limited (MTDC) has not investigated the matter. The implementation of the Swadesh Darshan Scheme funded by the Tourism Department of the Government of Meghalaya, at the foot of the holy mountain Lum Sohpetbneng of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar Shillong, was held. Indeed, the work is incomplete, slow and there are also works that do not see or show the signs of implementation.
Marak, Zico Silcheng G.Momin, and Dalyna Ch.
This came through a free-kick in which Suchiang did not miss the goal.
Bah Paul said that there will always be some shortcomings in the work but what Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh has already said that the shortcomings will be addressed is enough.
Pawan Sharma has resigned from the post of Vice Chairman of the Non Tribal Youth Union (NTYU). are the enemies of the nation.
When examined according to the rules and regulations in all aspects, it is clear that it is the right of the citizens of Meghalaya or India as a whole whether or not to take the Covid-19 vaccine as it is now. .
He urged the people to be wise and intelligent in electing their leaders in 2023, because if they make mistakes they will do worse than what they have done now.
Their silence clearly shows that they have no responsibility as elected and entrusted leaders to work for the people.
Shillong: The State Government today canceled the strikes of all kinds of works related to the welfare of the people and there will be no delay in work for six months.
There is a patrol post of BSF troops at the top of the border and they used to stand there to check if anyone turned to the other side and there they would hylla and put bisir.
It is learned that the price of dohsniang has been increased in some places , some places have not yet increased the price and some have increased it while in Mylliem the price has been increased to T.280 tyngka per kilo .
He said that during the construction of the road, some women have been misled that the scheme is not only to get the road but to provide 10,000 tyngka per household.
He demanded that adequate water should be provided for agriculture in Punjab as many water wells have collapsed.
She said that the people of the District have faced many problems since the State Government introduced the SOP in the Office Memorandum (OM) dated 5th October
On the part of the MACC, we need to get full clarification through the Department of Health and Family Welfare of the State Government on the distribution of medicines in Marten.
Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnong who is also the Sordar of Raid Mawshun, the elders of the village, teachers, members of the Village Committee and other elders.
On this occasion, Dy.CEM Pyniaid Sing Syiem said that such an election cannot be denied and the office will take action.
Sniawbhalang called upon the children of Seinraij Ummulong to fight for the cleanliness of the Eco-friendly Crematorium and also in all the surrounding areas.
“Where did you come from? he asked.
Nongpoh, Nailar 11: To mark the Independence Day of India on the 15th of Nailar across the country, the office of the Sub Divisional Officer of Patharkhmah Civil Sub Division today held a km race was held as part of the celebration of the Independence Day of India.
Jessica Lloyd, who discovered the drink with the COO of Panatea, a US-based matcha company, said: .This matcha comes in a variety of flavors; it can also be used on occasions and can be mixed with milk, hot or cold.
The Minister of State for Community and Rural Development, Bah Hamletson Dohling today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the new Mawkynrew C&RD Block Office at Block Headquarters, Mawkynrew. , in the presence of the Minister in charge of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
It is learned that the village has informed the authorities in charge of electricity works in the area.
If you understand that the party doesn't have enough support, then you turn to other parties which can increase your support.
I told my sister first about the result, then my mother.
Dr Donkupar Roy will be the chairman of the committee while Ardent M Basaiawmoit will be the co-chairman. All the MLAs of these two parties will be members of this committee.
PSG, Man City, Chelsea and other clubs are in the process of signing the star. .
He said it is sad to know that up to seven MLAs who are also MDCs, have had to resign from the MDC seat, just because they are afraid of those laws issued by the government. , in which this shows their selfishness and shows that they love their own interests more than the nation, because they have more opportunities to become MLAs than to become MDCs, said Bah PN Syiem.
Pala said that according to his understanding, the BJP wants to amend the Sixth Schedule which applies to the 11 ADCs in the North East including Meghalaya.
“The Governor is not doing this because he wants to but because he has to speak in English,” he said.
The statement said that in Meghalaya, the custom of cleansing the Shnog will be on the tombstone of the Father of India, Mahatma Gandhi.
Winchester Tang (19) and Daurupaya Bang (13) were the two batsmen who scored two runs.
Shillong, June 28: The Federation of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) in a statement today said that the Federation of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) will not allow any The union said that despite the strong opposition from the Sengbhalang, the central government has started to mine uranium in the country through UCIL. Uranium mining in this state.
The truth is that the people of Meghalaya and the voters of Shillong Parliamentary Constituency know better what the Congress MP is doing,” said BJP Meghalaya General Secretary Dipayan Chakraborty.
Speeches were also delivered by Teinwell Dkhar Deputy CEM and Donkupar Sumer, EM of the Market.
Shillong, November 07: The National People's Party (NPP) has opposed and condemned the government led by Dr. Mukul Sangma for declaring November 28 and 29 as working days for all government employees.
The Council is another body and the issue of holding two positions does not arise,” said Bah Syiem.
In a statement sent by the MTET graduates, they said that they want to send this message to the government that besides following the rules and regulations of the NCTE, it should also follow the rules and regulations of the NCTE. also the rules and regulations of the government including the publication of information regarding the announcement of the recruitment of teachers in government schools.
“Through the launch of the Look East Policy (LEP), our relations with our neighboring countries in the North East have paved the way for a special focus on income-related activities to benefit from the opportunities available for the development of this economy in the region," he said.
“We can say that since the construction of the road to Mawpud, this road has been the dream of the residents for more than 42 years,” said Bah W.Wanniang.
The Minister also criticized the opposition for not being able to attend the meeting convened by the Prime Minister to discuss the progress of the border settlement between Assam and Assam. and Meghalaya, saying that perhaps the opposition is still confused about who is the opposition.
He recalled that the Congress party has been working closely with the state government.
For this reason, the group of fishermen has requested the Embassy to release these fishermen immediately and to offer a compensation of `.1 lakh.
The team led by Bah Bobby L.Nongbet, took the top spot in Group-B with six points.
“We have announced that this march in all districts, which ended today and from tomorrow, will no longer be a march, but a march of protest. .
Let us turn first to the laws of man.
Priority HouseHold (PHH) quota of rice will be distributed at the scale of 5 kgs per head per month at the rate of Rs.3/- for both rural and urban areas.
They are known as uranium decay products.
“We have a problem in terms of internet as BSNL has not been able to provide networks in many parts of the state but we will talk to private companies,” Zenith said.
This happened on Sunday at 5.30 pm.
This reporter was on his way from 7 mer to 4 mer when he left 7 mer at 6 pm and reached 4 mer at 9:15 pm.
However, he said that when the Block Level Officers visit the villages, they ask for the assistance of the Rangbah Shnongs.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 01: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawprem Unit has urged the people of Hynniewtrep Hills District to be vigilant when doing anything unkind to anyone, as there are groups of foreigners. they didn't come to collect money for help.
According to a statement, the union has sent a letter to the Secretary, saying that until now in West Khasi Hills, not a single woman has been raped. victims of violence and rape to benefit from this scheme especially for those under 18 years of age and those with disabilities.
The Shad Sukra of the Raij Mukhla will be held on the 1st June 2023 at Madan Ei Iadaw Rong.
“We have directed the Law Department to submit to the Governor for approval the bill passed by the House,” said Bah Rowel.
The newly elected office bearers were President Richeal Wankhar, General Secretary Rebecca Lyting and other office bearers.
He said that when we tried to get information in this regard, we learned that it has already been sent, although the party has not received a copy of the letter.
Ma Shylla said it is surprising that this demand came only a few days after the end of the dorbar in which the Minister of Electricity has already explained the problems faced by the electricity department. mad inside the court.
Shillong, July 02: A drug trafficker has been arrested with drugs in East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday.
“We apologize to the fans who have been waiting for SURL to perform for the first time in India.
This is the only scheme of any government to rule once in the history of the state.
The Constitution empowers us to use the words India and Bharat and I am proud of both,” he said.
So far, seven cases have been confirmed, including those two cases who were first confirmed cases in the state, while five cases have been confirmed.
It is regrettable that the Government in its wisdom has decided to release the salaries of SSA teachers only for the months of October and November 2021, which amounts to about Rs 58 crore.
Waterways are important to life and livelihood in the North East.
They shall look after these jjngphruh (jingbam) according to the kinds of people that they should eat.
“This is an issue that we have not discussed at the MDA meeting, and it is not good for me as a private person to say anything on this,” James said.
Both the suspects have been arrested and a case has been registered against them.
In Ribhoi, 30 new cases and one high risk case have been reported.
On the allegation of smuggling of coal from the state, Prestone said that so far there has been no smuggling of coal from the state to other states of India, as the government has handed over the rights. district authorities from the police and also to the DMR department to curb the smuggling of coal and to arrest those involved in this illegal activity.
The Pakistan Football Federation (PFF) was also unable to send its team to the 2015 tournament in India due to tensions between the two countries.
In a meeting with the Minister of C&RD Block, AT Mondal, the Union urged him to take action to release the outstanding Bill of the MNREGA Scheme.
At 1:30 pm, Pastor S.N.Wahlang conducted the service, Pastor T.Nongrem read and prayed, then at 6:30 pm, T.Bn.
That is: “And the graves were opened; and many bodies of the saints which slept arose,
Shillong: U MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie, today said that the residents of Mawlai should not be confused, as Mawlai will not be included in the urban area. the current Census count.
The Covid-19 pandemic has affected the entire world in which many precious souls have lost their lives, the economy has been severely affected and so on.
According to Salseng C Marak, Chairman, the Board does not have a clear vision and needs a lot of power to strengthen its work.
Marshall Biam, Publicity Secretary of Sutnga Saipung Constituency, also resigned on 2nd October.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister expressed his gratitude to the Dream Foundation and Baichung Bhutia Academy for choosing Shillong to establish the Dream Foundation. slem training.
Others who gave their blessings were Paiem Ricky Nelson Syiem, Rangbah Shnong Bah H Khyriem, Maruti Suzuki officials from Guwahati and others.
Kassar, who is a midfielder, has not scored a goal since the beginning of the season, but in this game he opened the scoring with a header that came through the ball. Donboklang Lyngdoh scored the first goal for Rangdajied in the first half.
However, as can be seen in the news, the people have alleged that even in the midst of this action by the government, they are still being betrayed by the government.
Shillong, Nailar 17 : The Chairman of the Regional Committee of West Jaintia Hills, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday said that he does not want to believe or believe the statement of one of the leaders of Karbi Students' Association on Tuesday at Khanduli during the visit of the Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya to inspect the border area as part of the border talks.
When doing tests or research as described above, whether they are doctors or scientists and if they don't see the good they have to turn to the better so that their treatment or research can long who won.
Samla Lambok urged the parents to encourage their children to work for the cause of the nation. nation.
There are already about 4,000 schools that have got wi-fi," he said.
Seven villages in the Boko constituency in Assam, which are the villages on the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam, have decided not to take part in the Lok Sabha MP elections because they want to be with Meghalaya.
Earlier, while the parking lot was still hot, many of the drivers and operators of theh nuit vehicles had requested to be allowed today because they had already loaded the garbage in the vehicles. They did not allow the rally and sent vehicles to leave the grounds of Ampareen Lyngdoh in Laitumkhrah.
Nongstoiñ, March 30: The road is one of the most important issues that the villagers want the government to provide.
The JSM has announced to continue its protest on Friday and has decided to march from Wah Gate to the DC office Jowai.
On the other hand, the ADC of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah SS Syiemlieh, while talking to the leaders and members of the KSU-EJHD, has admitted that the He also promised to forward this letter to the NHAI and in relation to the two roads. RCC Bridge 54/1 and Lahaleiñ Village on the Sonapyrdi-Borghat border road have been damaged by floods due to heavy rainfall, the ADC said. The Deputy Commissioner's Office has already sent a letter to the Chief Engineer of CPUWD, Shillong, but no reply has been received from the department.
We were worried about the long journey.
The party's election manifesto has not yet been released, but will be released by the Congress president in Delhi.
The contract for this project has been awarded to Satnam Global Infra Projects Ltd.
“As a party, we have carefully considered the candidates to ensure that the people are happy before they make a decision.
It may be recalled that the government on 22nd November 2022, has inaugurated the Block and announced that all the facilities in the office will be as it should be, for the convenience of the people of the Block. the area.
Do you think that this present generation will be a lost generation like the past generation? I hope we have Hynniewtrep children who love their country and nation and work hard to preserve the holy mountains and sacred places of our nation which we have inherited from our ancestors. they will wake up and do something about it.
Let us walk together in faith in God, and what we do will be for the sake of our nation.
Hello,.
On the other hand, HANM said that there is no ban on development works in the village, but when there is violence, the HANM will not hesitate to suspend the work until the DC's office calls. and solve this problem first.
Pariong Higher Secondary School has improved in education and prestige since he became Head Master.
"I thank God that I have had the opportunity to serve the people of Mawlai for 20 years, 15 years as MLA and 5 years as MDC for the development of Mawlai in all aspects," he said.
He said both the states have strengthened their security forces.
Under this Mission, the Mission Director and the team will assist the government to achieve its goal.
Shillong, November 1: Pynursla Police Station is searching for Alvinestone Khongthoh Rem, also known as Sin u Lieh, for allegedly disturbing the village and committing violence especially at night, who is also the owner of a wine store in Pynursla.
Our own MPs are not seen to have members, like inviting foreign MPs, who have started to get land in our villages, to take care of them, like adopting children who don't have monitor.
Shillong, June 28: Two years after the outbreak of COVID-19 in Meghalaya, a 46-year-old man from West Garo Hills District has died. .
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us at the following numbers: 1.8794801686 (General Secretary KJSU Guwahati) 2.9127110227 (President KJSU Guwahati)
For Laitjem, Poilangson Thawmuit, who was also awarded the Player of the Match award, scored 51 runs from 28 balls and Orsric Herbert Wanswett took one wicket in four overs.
This is the real agreement before the DC where he together with the village leaders of Mylliem, Madan Ingsyiem have agreed to wait after 20th July 2017, not as reported in the newspapers, she said. L Kurkalang, Secretary, Mylliem Khasi Association.
The Commissioner and Secretary, Home, EP Kharbhih read out the announcement of the new CSD which will cover the villages under Tikrikilla and Dadenggre C&RD blocks and 8 villages from Resubelpara block.
Chutwakhu FC have reached the final after beating Lion 1-0 in the first semi final today. Luckyness Khyriem scored the first goal for Chutwakhu FC in the 10th minute. 32 through this goal, Chutwakhu has secured a place in the final.
Actions speak louder than words! Police cannot blame the people if they don't trust them because they have to look at their own actions first.
When asked about the suspension of electricity bill from other companies like NEEPCO and others, Mondal said that the inability to pay the electricity bill from other companies is not the problem of the state. State only now, but it has been around for many years and this problem cannot be solved immediately.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 3 : Leaders and members of the Congress party from 6-Khliehriat Constituency, who numbered about 1000, have left the Congress party. The Congress party has refused to accept their demand for 48 hours to withdraw the name of the Congress candidate Jhanika Siangshai who intends to contest from the 6th Khliehriat Constituency. “The Khliehriat Block Congress Committee, East Jaintia Hills District under the leadership of Remistar Dkhar and Chrispin N Dkhar after a face-to-face meeting with the NPP, said in a statement. MPCC President Vincent H Pala on his demand to withdraw the name of the Congress candidate from 6-Khliehriat Assembly Constituency. Therefore, we members of the Party from Unit, Circle, Youth Congress, Mahila and Block have called a meeting and we have decided to leave the Congress party immediately. Today we sent a letter of resignation to the President of the MPCC and left the party.
It is on this basis that the party demands that all posts should start from 1,” said the statement.
Nine districts from Meghalaya including one club have participated in this year's Badminton tournament.
Shillong, Nailar 17: Two persons have lost their lives in the heavy rainfall in the past three days and two nights.
The Committee on Reservation Roster headed by Kong Ampareen, which met for the first time on Monday, decided to request the State Government to shall extend the functions of the Committee beyond the Roster System by allowing it to discuss the Job Reservation Policy.
It includes all sectors of society and all people.
Conrad K. Sangma's remarks came on the day that Jason S. Mawlong, Umsning MLA and Donkupar Sumer, former Umsning MDC, joined the NPP. They were welcomed by Dr. WR Kharlukhi, President of the NPP in the state.
Genesis 32: 28–30.
At the end of the tournament, Laitkyrhong received a cash prize of T.1.50 lakh and a trophy, Mawkynrew won T.80 lakh. thousand with the trophy.
“Get up, maybe they'll take you soon because it's been 2 days,” said the man.
In a recent inquiry from the residents of Mawmluh, they said that the closure and suspension of operation of this factory in these years, has affected the people in terms of income, livelihood. When the factory was still in operation, it provided a lot of benefits to the residents from those who worked in the factory as well as the shopkeepers.
Teachers of Adhoc Schools are invited to attend the meeting and take necessary decisions.
In a world of sickness, such a disease cannot be overcome, In fact, everything should flow; To be honored at the end with a spirit of sorrow, To be blessed by our relatives.
In the women's steeplechase, Madie Boreman of the USA won the gold medal in 9:22.99 while Tokyo Olympian Alicja Konieczek of Poland won the gold medal. second with the silver medal in 9:2
God has shown mercy only to the three largest church groups in Khasi and Jaintia.
In connection with this agriculture, there is also the food processing industry.
According to a police source, Ludwig on that day, as soon as she was shot, she fell down and sadly no one saw or found her. this is the case.
Those who have applied for Pvt must appear with 100 marks whether they are Compartmental candidates or Non-Regular (purely Pvt).
Nongpoh, 04 Naitung:The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has been filled with garbage and the water tank has been filled with garbage. The HNYF, Umsning Circle, has alleged that the staff and supervisors of the hospital have neglected the hospital.
Romans 13:11-14.
Not only that, the VDP members also seized marijuana and blank documents from the area while the people could not be traced as they had managed to escape. They fled the scene on receiving information that members of the VDP had conducted a raid.
Out of the 62 proposals, 51 investment projects have fallen within the cost range of Rs 15 crore to Rs 50 crore.
Speaking at a rally at Achotchonggre Square in Bajengdoba, Mukul Sangma said that for the first time in the country, the Meghalaya Government has failed to appoint teachers, which has led to the deprivation of children. the right to education.
Jit Bahadur Gurung, 50, of Jhalupara, EK Hills, was admitted to hospital on 18-05-2021. He died on 26-05-2 Gaj Bahadur Chettri, 84, 6th Mile Upper Shillong, EK Hills, died on 25-05-2021. He died on 25-05-2 He passed away on 25-05-2021 at Woodland Hospital, Shillong.
He promised to send Magistrates to investigate the matter and to immediately stop the collection of taxes.
For that reason, it is impossible to understand why the population of the mountains is so low.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit today sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District requesting that B. Langbang, Block Development Officer of Laskein CRD Block, be arrested. The problems faced by the farmers living in the border areas with Assam.
These committees will have to submit their report within 30 days.
Wanbiang Bang scored the first goal for Pynthorlangteiñ in the 43rd minute.
He said that up to T.500 crore will be invested in the next five years and T.47 crore has been allocated for 2024-2
He said that on the cooperation with the HSPDP, it has been handed over to their constituencies to decide by mutual understanding and this is according to the report received from the sub-committee headed by Bah Paul Lyngdoh on the At the same time, he said that all districts have been directed to submit the names of the candidates to the party before March but before that, it will also release the names of the candidates. first list on March 16th.
The FIR has been filed here. Khublei Because it started and insulted the Khasi especially the men and especially the Khasi people themselves, the people have felt sorry for her. If we men do like that woman, we will be punished according to the law.
Police have recovered mobile phones and SIM cards, a laptop, booklets containing 82 pamphlets and six pamphlets in the name of the All Garo Hills Merchants Association.
Bah Dawan Lyngdoh said that once you think about it, those with disabilities especially those who cannot see can help and build each other up. society will not suffer from hardships and poverty.
Financial assistance to States/UTs is in accordance with the requirements under ASCAD to purchase doses of Goat Pox Vaccine for Lumpy Skin Disease. (LSD).
On the other hand, Bah Finely Lapariat, General Secretary of the MSOA, said that AMKA is an active association that has been well known in front of the MSOA. Sensei Stephan Leong (who has dedicated himself to Karate in this state) has been involved in the development of Karate since its inception.
Therefore, we need to ensure that our languages ​​rise, of course it is important to ensure that they promote their languages ​​but as I said that with such a way of thinking that hates others or hates “It will not strengthen our desire to strengthen our own language,” said the Minister.
Focus: Thewthik-thew means that the mark is marked with the right number and exactly where it is intended.
Amanda said the family has lost two souls, that of her sister, and the soul of a baby who is 2 or 3 months old.
The incident at Mukroh should serve as a warning to the government and the people.
These elections also include the 47th Rajabala and 13th Mawryngkneng (ST) in Meghalaya.
Informing about this, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem said that the meeting will be attended by the leaders of the UDP from the Sengkmie, the PDF and the NPP from Ranikor who are his supporters. Donkupar Massar, BJP supporters from Ranikor and Congress supporters from Ranikor.
When the indigenous people have become skilled in many fields of employment which only foreigners have become skilled in, it means that the District Council can no longer comply with those old laws which govern the development of the Jaitbynriew. im tang with the rep you riang.
The Assam State Disaster Management Authority (ASDMA) has confirmed that one person has died in Demow in Sivasagar district. the year had risen to 15 by the time the news broke.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah, while addressing the drivers on the occasion of the National Road Safety Month, said that this celebration is very important because we are talking about the value of life. also to play.
The Government doesn't welcome us, We cry every day, They themselves are stupid, They don't understand the teachers.
Shillong, July 9: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Marmaiñ Area on Tuesday, July 9, 2024, on Tuesday expressed their support to Bindas Syiem, who has been appointed as the Additional Secretariat. The protesters have been waiting for more than 92 hours to demand the government to repair the Nongpoh Umden-Sonapur road which has been destroyed for 15 years.
On the opening day of the three-day Amrit Yuva Kalotsav, Shri.Phagu Chauhan, Governor of Meghalaya was the chief guest.
Momin (Kharkutta), Subroto G.Marak (Mendipathar), Tapash D.Marak (Resubelpara), Rakman Ch.
The powder was found to be heroin and weighed 2.738 kilos.
Speaking on the occasion, Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma said that the objective of the Swachh Bharat Mission (Grameen), which is one of the activities of the Government of India, is to make all the villages that have been light is the light of the sharud shakiar.
Children from East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills and children from Assam have also come to take part in the competition.
She said that in India 63% of the elderly die from these diseases.
Shillong: The Foreign Chamber of Commerce (FTCCM) Meghalaya has met with the DC of West Jaintia Hills Hills, this morning at his office in Jowai, to request him to allow the exporters of goods. SDO Civil Amlarem office has released 465 trucks to Bangladesh through Dawki LCS as last year, after the reopening of border trade on 6th November. and later allowed 655 trucks to pass, but this has created problems for the traders and many of them cannot transport goods to Bangladesh, due to the lack of vehicle number issued by the SDO. The DC has requested the DC to allow them to export goods to Bangladesh so that all the traders can export goods to Bangladesh. and will hand over to the Civil Station Amlarem to resolve this.
Editor Meghalaya Times & Member MEPA and Lecturer of Mass Media Bah T.Lim who gave training to the journalists on how to write news without affecting others and news. siliang, in order to serve better the people of the state and by applying the laws of journalism.
Now they produce 10 tonnes of fish and hold a fish fishing competition and tomorrow they will produce about 20 tonnes.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 1: The Rambrai area still needs a lot of development works in terms of education, roads, health and others.
When he returned, he phoned and apologized and promised to appoint her to the JHADC and said that she should not reveal his attempt to rape her.
The woman said that this incident has caused a great loss to the entire family who have worked hard to plant and care for the rice which they have cultivated in the lyngkha. Muslim.
The source said that the truck belonged to the Central Ground Water Board under the Ministry of Water Resources of the Government of India.
There is one Rangbah who dared to say that the Autonomous State is a full state but not a fully separate state.
Earlier, the party's treasurer, Bah Daniel Thangkhiew, said that the talks with the Congress youth have been going on for a long time. Shillong, Lber 25 : U Bah Peter Shallam, one of the independent candidates for the Lok Sabha MP election from Shillong, has decided to welcome them into the Lok Sabha election. Parliamentary Seat, he urged the people to elect and allow him to become an MP so that he can advocate for the issues of the Jaitbynriew in Parliament.
The rally, known as 'Love to Ride, Love to Vote', has the theme of 'Free, Fair and Peaceful Conduct of Election'
All three members of the family, who were illegally planted with explosives, were seriously injured and were rushed to Budge Budge ESI Hospital, where doctors pronounced them dead. to transport them to the health center.
KK Singh, father of Sushant Singh Rajput, has alleged that Rhea Chakraborty has given bih to his son and demanded that she be arrested immediately.
There are also parents who do not know what their children have done.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Party (HSPDP) today announced the first list of its MDC candidates for the 2019 MDC elections.
The court also convicted Larica Kharmawphlang and Wakorbiki Slong for robbery and robbery in public places under section 110(1)(b)(e) of the Meghalaya Police Act. Asmil Hussain was also charged with T.5000 each and fined T.5000 each.
Qamar Bajwa during the inauguration of Imran Khan as Prime Minister of Pakistan recently.
Let the law do its job.
Lorenzo Pearson Warjri (President MSKA) and members of the Meghalaya State Kickboxing Association (MSKA) expressed their gratitude and congratulations to these youths who have represented the state in this tournament. They have also brought glory to the entire state.
If it is on the stones of the shyiap salei, we shall cover it with spaiñ, and it shall turn red like other places where it shall not be sown again.
There was also a dance and musical performance to commemorate this great day of the Khasi faithful.
Samantha Ruth Prabhu will star alongside Salman Khan in Karan Johar's new film directed by Vishnuvardhan.
In the final match of the U-14 Boys tournament, Evershine UPS beat Khlieh Umstem SS. beat Evershine UPS 4-0
“Through this committee, the street vendors will receive a certificate to sell and will also receive assistance from the government to support them.
They are the Feast of Trumpets, the Day of Atonement, and the Feast of Tabernacles.
He recalled that when Ardent was the leader of the HSPDP, he admitted that it was an old party and fought for a full state and when he was in the UDP, he admitted that it was an old party. He said that it is the best party but now that he has left these parties he blames them and feels that only the VPP is the best party.
“The NPP does not call for large meetings to sell party registration forms but it is a voluntary party, where the people come voluntarily to carry the heavy responsibilities that await them. the country and the nation," said the candidate while addressing the rally.
“All soldiers and commanders have been ordered to be ready to deploy to areas in need in Nepal or inside the country like Bihar and Uttar Pradesh,” said SSB chief BD Sharma. to one of the news channels.
If this is the case, it is clear that the government is only protecting religious groups in terms of the Covid-19 rules, and cannot control in other areas when it comes to violations of the rules. part of the Covid-19 pandemic.
The two candidates are Arelitha K Sangma from Salsella constituency led by Minister Clement R Marak and Denis Tynsiar from Pynursla constituency led by Prestone Tynsong.
The hospital in Panaliar has been opened for two days but it was found that the hospital is still closed, the rooms are empty without equipment and some of the doors are broken.
Egypt in the days of Pharaoh was very difficult.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the Ordinance for the repeal of the Act will be tabled soon at the Cabinet meeting.
“Bah Ardent said that when the VPP was formed, there were many people who said that the new party would not reach anywhere, but now the MLAs from different parties are now in charge. “We have the hope that we will reach our goal as the VPP,” he said. He said that the VPP was established with the aim of The coming year is not just for one day's gain.
The written examination, which was held on the 10th of July, was scheduled to be announced on Monday but was postponed.
The team from the state will play against Bengal, Uttarakhand, Hyderabad, Delhi and Maharashtra.
On the same day, the Prime Minister and the Principal Secretary also distributed Rs 33.40 lakh through FOCUS+ to 668 households, Rs 11.36 crore to 950 SHGs and 80 households. Village Organization.
This will allow the youth to discover various aspects of the freedom struggle, while those who are older will be able to reconnect with the events that led to India's independence. ," she said.
The building was constructed at a cost of Rs 49.2 crore.
The reason why Jeral went to commit the crime is not known.
“We have requested RTI and have been informed that the tuition fee has been included in the Reservation Policy which is illegal,” he said.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 30: The Union of Farmers of Ri Khasi Jaintia, on Tuesday night, took action against the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh. The FKJGP, which is in charge of the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh, has seized four trucks at 18Mer, Ri Bhoi District, carrying cattle with the intention of smuggling them to Bangladesh.
In the second match, Khliehmyntdu beat Pateinki Sabah 2-1
In Meghalaya, up to 25 lakh (47%) people use tobacco in various forms.
The incident happened at 6 pm at Rewak village in South Garo Hills.
Prestone said the closure of shops in these villages is after the outbreak of Covid-19 in Assam, and is also to ensure that the people of the state are safe. you are suffering from Covid-1
Is this the way of the police to flee from the place where they are supposed to protect the border?
Carrie's honor follows Mark Hamill and Harrison Ford and her mother, Debbie Reynolds, has also been honored in previous years.
However, through the assistance of the company, it has been a blessing to the entire village.
“We don't accept the MLA's statement that we are doing politics by opposing this plan to take over the army because this is a serious matter that affects the future of the country and the nation,” said Bah Dohling. The government's request to take up to 18 acres of land belonging to the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department at 7 Mer is to be handed over to the Indian Air Force.
To date, there are some 41,000 recognized Christian denominations in the world.
In the case of Auto Rickshaws, the fare will be 14 tyngka per kilometer and the fare for more than one kilometer will be T6/- per kilometre.
The statesman was the founder of the MLA scheme known as the SRWP which was implemented in 1991 when he was the Chief Minister of the state and is still being implemented. to this day.
Police have arrested two suspects inside the vehicle, Jaydar Ali and Sanidul Islam from Barpeta Assam.
At present, this is only an attempt to build sin among the people; Because we have to understand what makes the people expect money during the elections.
This is according to a statement by Fr.Ebormitre H.Lamare, Media In-charge.
Then vehicles leave Lad Umsohsun Junction to go to Umsohsun Road and GS Road or to Sadar Police Station Road.
The meeting also discussed the Nongstoin-Maheskhola-Rongra road, Wahkaji-Kyrshai, Nongstoin, Shillong-Dawki and Western Bypass.
Me-uba-ai scored 41 runs for Myngken and Chanjib Chettri (54 runs).
The Shangpung Area (HITO) on the 10th of this month has lodged an FIR against the collapse of a footbridge at Moolichah village, Shangpung in West Jaintia Hills.
He said that the MDA government will conduct a Poultry Mission to promote the poultry industry in the state so that the state does not need to import poultry from abroad.
Sawaka Kynjing is the daughter of Maygie Kynjing and Dr. George Passah.
The members of the Society were accompanied by the Waheh Shnong of Tuber Kmai Village, Jiedlang Sana, Village Secretary, Micky Lyngdoh and Samjan Shyrmang (Asha).
Governor V Shanamunathan is currently not in the city and is on a trip abroad and may return next month, according to reports.
Referring to the BJP's election promises in Nagaland, Jaiswal assured that the party will do its utmost to fulfill its promises.
They were praised after the tied innings of the team by the President of the Meghalaya Cricket Association: Nababrata Bhattacharjee.
The DNLA was formed in June, 2019 and its main goal is to achieve independence for the Dimasa people.
In the same Gospel according to John from the same chapter and verse 41 'I receive not honor from men'.
The BJP said that the government has bought these tablets from the company, but besides buying them from the company, the price of the tablets is still higher. “This shows that there is a serious corruption by Dr. Mukul Sangma and his government ministers,” said the BJP in a statement. is in the midst of a financial crisis, but the government wants to forcefully satisfy their desire to corrupt in the name of distributing tablets.
“For example, some quarantine centers do not provide PPE to the frontline workers,” he said. they don't have enough space.
Shillong, November 1: The relatives of two persons who were shot dead at Mookhep on 24th November, Diresh Siangshai and Setlang Phawa, in an interview with reporters at Shillong Press Club, have demanded that the The Government should release the report of the Magisterial Inquiry into the shooting death of the two persons conducted by Bah SS Syiemlieh ADC, and the investigation which ended on 30th March,
“If anyone is found fighting without the knowledge of the Waheh Shnong, Secretary or Volunteers of the Village, they will be punished according to the rules and regulations decided by the Dorbar Shnong,” said Muhon Sari, Waheh Chnong Mukhla Nongrim. .
The resignation of the UDP leaders from Ribhoi constituency has stirred up the RDA which is struggling to enter many villages to seek support for the candidate Bah Robert June Kharjahrin who is waiting for their unity. Toi, although the UDP won 12 seats in the Assembly elections, it cannot be counted as the HSPDP also won only two seats in the last elections.
Meghalaya scored 107 runs in 23 overs with Saee Purandare unbeaten for 59 runs and Dutta unbeaten in the 39th over.
Three players of Mawlai Sports Club scored a hat-trick to help Mawlai win 14-0 goals against Synroplang 77 in Group B of the tournament. Shillong Women's League was held on Tuesday at the Third Ground, Polo.
Sources said that in the morning, Bah Riboksing was inside the village, but his wife, who works as a nurse at NEIGRHIMS, was at work. Inside the hospital in the morning and as usual after the end of working hours she used to go home, but it was said that on that day there was a brother of her who came to sleep inside the hospital. She phoned her husband, Bah Ribok, to inform her that she would not come home that night because she had to wait for her brother in the hospital.
The JSU after finding out about this, has investigated with the village headmen of this village and they have expressed their sorrow against this man because he does not believe ei ei ei ei ei ei ei ei the demand of the villagers even if it is from the village. She has invited him to the meeting many times but he has not come or given a report on the implementation of this scheme in the village.
When one of them was injured, another person who was sitting inside the vehicle went out to help, but the one who tried to help was also shot and this caused them to suffer serious injuries.
Shillong, November 9: The Dorbar Shnong Panaliar through a statement from the General Secretary C.Phawa has sent a strong request to the political parties demanding ILP to release the protests such as curfew and others on the 13th and 14th of this month. The statement said that the fete was planned to be held to raise funds for the construction of the school building. The Fete has been scheduled for last year.
It is said that five of them forgot to fill their lamps with oil and could not follow the bridegroom.
He said that the department should expand to the rural areas like Shahlang, Riangdo, Rambrai, Maweit and other parts of the district.
Based on the reports of all the three Regional Committees, the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam signed the MoU in the presence of Defense Minister Amit Shah.
Jowai: The Ladrymbai Parish in East Jaintia Hills will hold a Christmas Carol on Sunday starting from the Ladrymbai Parish Church and ending at Lumshyrmit.
He said that many political party leaders have joined the BJP and this will surely boost the party in the area.
On the other hand, Saleng said that he is the only independent MLA who has been willing to sit in the Opposition for five years in the past.
“In the District Level Committee headed by the Deputy Commissioner, all the MLAs are members and in this committee I have proposed to select these four villages first. , Pyndendakni because they are very short of water and today it has happened,” he said.
“These trucks have already been equipped by the police guarding the roads in different parts of the road and even at the weighbridge they carry 30 to 40 tonnes of coal with a challan of 9 tonnes and some of them did not have it. even the challan,” said the coal traders.
He said that the Outpost will be located at Barato while the BoP will be located at Mukroh.
In other sports, the two days of golf ended at the Shillong Golf Course.
Later, they also met with the DC regarding the disappearance of the village from the Electoral Roll and the transfer to Mawlum Ramkdait. Therefore, the village was first named Mawlum, but later it was changed to Mawlumramkdait and he included the villagers of Mawlum-Nginiong in the name Mawlumramkdait. He said that during the MDC election, the Polling Station was called Mawlum-Nginiong, but now the MP election has been postponed to Mawlumramkdait and Mawlum-Nginiong. Nongbri said that Mawlumramkdait is a village that has been established without the permission of the Syiem and he has a written statement to prove it. On the other hand, the offices and government authorities have obeyed the village.
In a statement to the media, Sainkupr Nongtraw, the new General Secretary of the HNLC, said that Sen has criticized the CAB and the Governor has expressed his regret over the incident in Pulmawa Kashmir. On the condemnation of India and 40 other countries regarding the incident in Pulmawa, Kashmir, he said that the Assam police have attacked our fellow citizens. No one has said anything else about the daily atrocities committed by the Indian Army against Kashmiris including genocide, mass graves, and dozens of mass rapes continue.
How can a politician who has been rejected by the people during the elections remain the leader of the Prime Minister?
Bah Syiemïong also expressed his regret over the lack of indoor stadiums in many villages to enable the youth to participate and avoid drugs.
Members of CCORMAU who do not claim to be in charge of the welfare of the workers appear only during press conferences when there is a discussion on these amendments.
This achievement demonstrates the determination of Foreign Ministers to work together to build an international platform that benefits all countries.
From here it was straight home.
In a statement sent by the KSU SWKH, the KSU SWKH said that the meeting was held to protest against the kidnapping and extortion of money by the Garo rebels.
Shillong: U Bah Balajied Kupar Synrem today took oath as the new MLA for the 26th Shella Constituency at the office of the Lamphrang of the Assembly.
The Dorbar also wished this event to continue to grow in its activities and that God will guide the participants of this event to experience the holy fruits in their journey. yours.
Replying to a question, Bah Hek, who is also the former Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said, “The INI rank is not much different from the AIIMS rank because they will get more benefits for the health center and also part of the staff including doctors and specialists.
Agriculture and MGNREGA works are expected to continue.
All public shops will be temporarily closed during the clean-up.
At present, the school is difficult to see without talking especially during the rainy season, when there are only two small rooms and covered with wooden boards and tin.
The CBI has sent a letter to the court to take over and investigate the case against these accused persons.
FOCUS + has been implemented to assist Producer Groups to work together to improve their income across the state.
He will be brought back before the court in seven days, said SP West Garo Hills Vinekanand Singh Rathore.
“This action of the Government shows that this Government serves not the needs of the people, but the interests of the private sector.
Nongpoh: The Nongkya Youth Federation (RBYF) on Saturday confirmed the full members and office bearers of the Nongkya Unit. Enlightenment.
The five villages, which have been included in Nongpoh Town and have demanded to leave the Town, include Shangbangla, Umskun, Pahamrioh Lum, Pahamrioh Them, Lumbyrhing, Umryngksai, Umshangling and Umlyngkdiat. .
They immediately looked at it and found that Bhalang had received the Merit List in the fourth position on the Tribal List.
“Goel confirmed that in 2019, the Kejriwal government had set up a committee to look into the problems caused by the presence of ksew under the leadership of Somnath Bharti. .
The newspaper reported that only about 50 percent of the salaries have been distributed to the teachers for the month of April.
The Sadducees say, There is no resurrection. They say unto Jesus, Master, Moses said, If a man die, his brother shall marry his wife, and raise up seed unto his brother.
It is learned that after the villagers learned of the incident, they went to the army camp and burnt down two vehicles, in which one soldier was killed in the incident.
Headingson said that when he went abroad to record, the Dkhars said that the Khasi songs were very slow and there they listened to songs that criticized women.
, besides being a registered society, is also recognized by the FSSAI. The sale of sohmrit to Mumbai is a victory for the farmers in the Dimiligre area.
In the Facebook post, Michael Pakynteiñ wrote 'RIP PAUL.LYNGDOH.mis u bro' and below the post he wrote 'My friend who expired today' Paul died.
This puts the council in danger because the council is now in financial crisis and we don't know what will happen next,” said Lakhon Biam.
The Indian cricket team has also played several international matches at Central Broward Park in Lauderhill, Florida against the West Indies.
The duties of Bah Gideon Kharkongor along with others who have been appointed as the chairman of the tournament include the fields, umpires, players and others.
The State Government also showed before the Court that for the construction of the quarters and residences of the inspectors, the State Government will have to spend up to T.316 crore and the cost for the use of vehicles. for this purpose, it will cost T.316 crore.
In this era, citizens become slaves and refugees in their own country because they are separated from the land.
These letters sent to the employees ordered them to come to work from Tuesday.
The most traditional method of preparing matcha is to mix it with boiled but not boiled water to preserve the antioxidants.
The training was conducted in collaboration with the District Agriculture Office, ATMA and Krishi Vigyan Kendra, Jaintia Hills; West Jaintia Hills District on 22nd June.
On the other hand, the Kyrmen Foundation has donated rice, jhur, clothes to wear, sleeping bags, children's food. and he went to see them from time to time.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pynïaid stressed that as a candidate, he is contesting this election on the grounds of promoting economic development, the needs of the people in the constituency as a whole.
The village of Jwai, which is full of farmers, is the maiñ of the farmers.
Kevinstrong Lawriniang, a student of St. Thomas Higher Secondary School, Mairang, has come first in the first twenty of the SSLC examination
The party also invites all the retired leaders and members of the party to attend the event, said a statement from Bah Arkinfield Khonglam, Information Secretary, FKJGP Seng Kmie.
A person who had just returned from Chennai, West Garo Hills District, tested positive for Covid-19 after testing positive for Covid-19 yesterday. sun.
In the final match of the day, Poisuk Dhar (58) and Dangaitlamng Mulieh (67) scored two goals for Mulang Ialong.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 15: Due to the lack of adequate accommodation in the area where Markasa PHC is located, doctors, nurses and all the staff at the Markasa PHC have to stay at home. person.
Explaining about the number of people living with HIV/AIDS, Dr.S Lyngdoh said that 50 percent of the cases are from Ri Lum Jaintia and when counted by district, East Jaintia came first followed by West Jaintia Hills, East Khasi Hills and now West Khasi Hills and other districts of the state.
“The RTI investigation has shown that she did not take the money for the second and third time because Kong Nongshli did not ask for it,” he said. Nongshli has distributed the money to the Rangbah Shnong,” said the president of PPM. “Kong Nongshli has said that the money is a Christmas gift from the Rangbah Shnong. “When inquired from the Rangbah Shnong, he said that he had taken about T.6000 and spent it,” said Bah Dohtdong.
The people of Meghalaya have now given their full confidence to the NPP, which has led Dr Mukul Sangma and his party to leave the Congress and join the TMC. “I don't have a single MLA,” he said.
Sohra MDC Titostarwell Chyne, who is also the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), said that the party has not yet decided on any other objective but will continue to do so. Olan Sing Suin has been elected as the candidate from Mawsynram Constituency.
The Minister in charge of Revenue, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said that the Ri-Dohkha industry can contribute to the state if the path is taken to facilitate and bring it under the jurisdiction of the law.
There is also an x-ray machine that can see the human body.
Instead of seeking details and estimates from the contractor of the building he helps to protect him.
The cost of construction of the Hall has amounted to T.20 lakh which was also donated by the KTIEW EMS TRUST and from the budget of the Hospital.
Many times, candidates think only about how to win.
Once the UCC is implemented, we will have a Uniform Marriage System but in our culture, we are very different.
New Delhi, July 17: The body of Sunanda Pushkar, wife of Union Minister Shashi Tharoor, was found at a five star hotel in Delhi. .
Five candidates are Nujorki Sungoh of the UDP, Lasting Suchiang of the AITC, Nehemayah Tyngkan of the INC, Habahun Dkhar of the NPP and Corentis Rabon of the BJP. Lahkmen Rymbui of Amlarem constituency, Stephanson Mukhim of NPP, Arbiang Kam Kharsohmat of Congress, Aiban Gashnga of AITC and Firstborn Manner of BJP. Wailadmiki Shylla of NPP, Allan Keith Suchiang of BJP and Corentis Rabon of BJP have registered their nomination papers at the DC office in Jowai. you 4-Mochaic.
“The state government has moved forward in this regard and I appreciate the suggestion that we should not act hastily and the government should not act hastily, but we want to reach what “We will try to work hard and resolve the border issue between Assam and Meghalaya,” he said.
In Group-A, Sputnik CC, Sunrise CC, Nongmensong CC, Sporting CC, Royal CC and United XI are in Group-A while Rangkynsai CC, Raj Bhavan, MLP and Langsning CC are in Group-B. , Spartan CC and NFU. The first match on the opening day will be between Sputnik and Sun-rise.
At the same time, the JBB&FA will also distribute the first special awards to the winners of the Body Buildings outside the States, to the journalists of Ri-Lum Jaintia and others.
Soolangki Laloo June 30, 2020 I'm not sure what to do, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
Ardent has launched an indefinite strike from the morning of 23rd June 2023 following the silence and negligence of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA-2.0) government. Conrad K Sangma as the Prime Minister to amend the Reservation Policy and to suspend the implementation of the Roster System.
On the other hand, he urged the government to take action against the teachers, especially the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui. this is a problem, otherwise it is better for him to leave.
“This month, we will file a PIL in the High Court of Meghalaya,” he said.
Detailed information should be collected on the number of land owners on the days of the bail hearing.
“In this regard, we have decided to increase the age of employment in order to improve education by getting qualified teachers,” he said.
“As Bah Sanbor Shullai said, you should vote for the BJP because if you vote for other parties you have to go through the peons if you need to go to Delhi, but if you vote for the BJP you can meet Modi; “Think twice and establish a good foundation when you vote on polling day,” said Bah Kharsyntiew.
The meeting was scheduled to be chaired by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ricky Nelson Syiem but due to his unforeseen circumstances, he sent Minister Pathaw and Basan Umlong to attend the meeting. The meeting was held in Bashan Umlong.
The two banks closed down by the HYC Umïam Circle include SBI Bank in Umïam and another SBI Bank in ICAR, Umïam which have not given leave to their employees and are still working today. which is a special day known as Thomas Jones Day.
Therefore, if the children go to the Science Stream, but they cannot, it brings sadness, discouragement to them and leads back to the parts where they feel sad and sad or embarrassed which cannot be overcome. affect their minds.
Regarding the appointment as Acting Sordar, Bah Makdoh as Acting Sirdar of Raid Madan Kyrdem, said that his assumption of the post was after being authorized by the authorities of the Raid Madan Kyrdem. The KHADC and Syiem of Hima Khyriem, who said that he is ready to accept any order from the higher authorities, whether to appoint or remove him if they find that he has done something wrong in the administration of the country. Custom.
Regarding the SWRP scheme (MLA scheme), the union has received information from the Public Information Act, that from 2013-2017 there have been 23 beneficiaries and these have received The winners were Ma Hamlet Pdang, Thehmon Rymbai, Bliw Lamo, Pynurkba Primary Government School, Phyrnai Welsh, Pies Pdang, Philan Syh, Edling Pdang, Kyrmen Syh, Lis Rymbai, Seiborlang Pdang, Daioshwa Pdang, Nishwa Dkhar, Thrangmon Rymbai - Yar Syih - Beldis Pdang (Official Video)
The vehicle and the driver were taken to the police station at Thoubal and 100 song containing 40 lakh WY Tables were recovered.
Leaders of these two organizations, Bah Andy Dkhar and Bah PS Phawa, said that from the villagers who sell only waidong, money is collected every day without forgiveness while the foreigner receives 4 years. license without payment of tax.
The Chief Minister praised the former Minister in charge of Electricity James PK Sangma, who during his tenure as Minister of Electricity, took the initiative to implement this project. It was left alone and ensured that it would not be completed.
Bah E.S.Ajar said that according to the investigation report, it was a fake encounter and with a sad heart, he said why the police who have dozens of people did not arrest them. 3 young men were shot dead.
There is a problem in the jobs of the poor, in the quality of employment in various jobs and these should be provided immediately and the feeling of alienation among the people is very strong and the needs on this, nothing has been done at all. " said Sangma.
The bodies of Lodestar Tang and Shidorki Dkhar are at the morgue at the Civil Hospital Ialong.
According to Bah Harbinson, the party had sought permission from the village since 26th July to hold a meeting on 2nd June, but the Rangbah Shnong had postponed it late on 1st June at 10 pm.
BARIPADA: Hundreds of small paid people went to pray at a place of worship in Jahiresthan, half a kilometer from Uparbeda in Odisha.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today announced that the State Government will hand over to the Ministry of Sports and Youth Affairs to implement the YESS Meghalaya, which is implemented by the Chief Minister's Secretariat.
Before reaching the venue, vehicles have to pass through the wahbah and also through the rough dirt road, which can only be passed during the rainy season.
Khliehriat, July 10 : The Border Security Force (BN) of 172 Bn, Meghalaya, today seized 12 lakh worth of kwai imported from Burma. These illegal drugs were recovered from a commercial bus, which was seized by the army at Umkiang, East Jaintia Hills District.
In the second leg, Ladthadlaboh beat FAM 2-0 goals, Chanmi Phawa in the 51st minute and Fourly Phawa in the 20th minute. 57.
Buyers who have already registered with 1917iTEAMS have also purchased and delivered agricultural products to wholesalers and shopkeepers during the lockdown.
Shillong: Shillong, November 9: The Dorbar Shnong of Shnong Pdeng under the leadership of the President of Meghalaya laid the foundation stone for the Culture Hall at Pynursla. KSU Shnongpdeng today met with the Deputy Commissioner of Jaintia Hills District. ask him to do something so that the Umngot River can be used as one of the beautiful places.
About 120 patients took part in the one-hour protest.
Shillong: The President of the National People's Party (NPP) in Meghalaya, Dr WR Kharlukhi, today said that the party will receive five incumbent MLAs from other parties in July. 2023, as part of the upcoming elections for the National People's Party.
The storm has also damaged many crops of the people, such as kwai trees, tympew, soh and other crops. , this natural disaster has caused a lot of shock to the farmers of Malidor.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The Dorbar Shnong of Smit, Shillong, has held a heavy search operation to find out who is involved in the kidnapping and murder of Bah Lam Nongrum, 24 years old. The clearest statement came from the mother of Bah Lam, who said, “U Lam just said Pasan 'En iap re'
Five consolation prizes were also awarded to the winners.
There is intense fighting between leaders in Madhya Pradesh, Haryana, Bihar and elsewhere.
Patna, Jymmang 24: The RJD (RJD) led by Lalu Prasad has suffered a tragic incident after its chief executive officer Samrat Chaudhury confirmed that 13 out of 22 MLAs of the party have been elected. They have resigned from the party and have sent their resignation letter, in which they have also requested a special seat for them in the State Legislative Assembly. Bihar.
Even if the Minister is in charge of the construction of roads, government buildings and bridges (PWD), the Public Works Department (PWD) receives a share of each contract.
By Bah Philip MarweinIt is not the first time that it has been written and expressed in the newspapers and private channels about the deterioration of roads in the rural areas and even in the suburbs.
The troops were able to thwart the plan of the smugglers after receiving a tip and in collaboration with the state police they arrested 37 cows hidden in the house. a forest in Kamarphil village in East Khasi Hills.
The Word of God clearly states that he who opposes (God) who exalts himself (Satan) who is called a god or who is worshiped (wants people to worship him): until and he sitteth in the temple (in Jerusalem), and maketh himself a god" (2 Thessalonians 2:4).
Phermeki accepted this but the agreement for this was signed when the President returned from the treatment of his family from Bangalore.
The Naga police do not hesitate whenever the Assam police try to cross the border, but the Naga police do not hesitate because they understand that they should not lose their land.
These organizations, alleged that these are the instigators of the Garo people's rights and these organizations warned that they will not just look with their own eyes, if these small paid, continue to continue to do these things.
Shillong, Lber 7: On the 6th of this month, while the Laitumkhrah Police Station was patrolling the area at Lum Mawrie, Laitumkhrah Market and the Fire Brigade to ensure that there will be no incident in the area. At the International Trade Fair, police found a Zen vehicle with registration number WB-02-U-4637 parked at Lum Mawrie. Thursday, 24 years old Mawlai Nongkwar was arrested on Wednesday.
Two persons including the driver and the follower of the truck escaped from the fire after the rubber truck caught fire and damaged the form.
They should also ensure that the youth avoid bad habits such as marijuana and drugs.
Shillong: Shillong Cricket Association A beat Ri Bhoi by 46 runs in the final of the Inter District U-23 Men's Cricket Tournament held at Nongpoh on Saturday. .
At the end of the three-day visit to Meghalaya, a group of journalists led by Jaydevi Pujari Swami, Deputy Director, PIB Mumbai praised the richness of the culture of the people of Meghalaya and the struggle of the Khasi people. to fulfill the right.
Editor & Publisher Rupang and all the staff of Rupang and Riwar Offset Press.
During his visit to Shillong, John Barla met with the Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh. along with the office bearers of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit including the State President Ernest Mawrie.
He said that the ban on the Internet is a barrier to the students who are still in the middle of their examinations and it also deprives the youth who earn their living from the Internet which is like a robbery of the wealth and the bright future of the nation.
It will be ensured that the implementation of the projects funded under the PM-DevINE will be sustainable.
We should not be stingy in such times.
And the judgment was right, when the multitude was judged.
this is the trouble of the people.
Shillong: The existence of Alcoholics Anonymous (AA) in the last 25 years has helped to free more than 1000 people including men and women from alcoholism and especially in Shillong.
According to information, 10 percent of the income is invested in the manufacture of four wheelers.
He said he cannot continue to support such a government which has not listened to his request not to pass the Bill immediately.
Tibenla Jamir of Nagaland and Laltanchhuahi of Mizoram won the bronze medal.
“Today, we on behalf of the NPP unit of Dadenggre Block, met with the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma and handed over the The Memorandum for the creation of the new District of Dadenggre.
The question is how it can be that so many people are wrong and that too every day, according to the government department, which is one of the largest departments of the state government.
It is not surprising that Paul did not know anything about Jesus.
Subject: Clarification regarding the Advertisement No.DHS/MCH&FW/NHM/HWC/BP/80/2020/5415 Dated Shillong on The authorities are responsible for the above advertisement.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said, “The amendment should not be amended in the Legislative Assembly. 13 parties have not yet supported the demand for ILP in Meghalaya.
Pneumonia is a bacterial infection that causes severe illness and lung infections.
“Some have tried to obscure the initiative by saying that we have simply urged the people not to hoist the Indian flag on the said dates," he said, adding, 'we have made it clear that We don't want to link our demand for a fair trial for Bah Cheristarfield Thangkhiew with the Independence Day celebrations in the state.
Even the media which is the fourth pillar of democracy is ready to meet and answer at any time because the answers you ask and the answer they give is for the people,” he said. said the Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
Conrad said the NPP stands on the ground that it will continue to oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill. “We have united the political parties of the North East and we have made our voice heard in Delhi and we confirm that this bill does not work in the Rajya Sabha,” he said.
“The wiar ksew don't bite,” said the minister, who didn't want to be named, while talking to Rupang.
Therefore, it was agreed that the vehicle will not be taken to the east without the program because of the doubt that it is still a new road that has not been painted.
Gandhinagar, Jymmang 26: The mother of Narendra Modi, Hiraben, did not arrive in Delhi today for the swearing-in ceremony of her son-in-law as Prime Minister. you pro cram television.
The US naval ship, the USS Donald Cook, is off Syria.
After part of the school was moved from Sohra to Shillong in 1887 under the supervision of Hugh Roberts, the KJP Girls' Higher Secondary School became a school for girls only in 1892.
If the father of the household does not respect his young children or relatives as well as his young wife, he will never respect them if he is in a public place whether on the street or in the street. the market place too.
Regarding the theft, the owner of the shop and the Dorbar Shnong Nongpoh have lodged a complaint at the Nongpoh Police Station.
(HYC wants smart meter project shelved”.
He said that although the Congress does not have a majority in Parliament but it has allies to fight against the BJP. which is intended to violate the Constitution of the country,” he said.
Speaking to media, Conrad strongly condemned the attack and said that the investigation into the incident is ongoing to arrest the perpetrators and punish them according to the law.
They just spread the word so that the people will be deceived, but the work will not go anywhere.
In the 2000 meter race, Don Bosco School Mawkhlam won the gold medal.
The churches in Lawse are the Presbyterian, Catholic, Meghalaya-Assam Church, Khasi-Jaintia Church, All One in Christ Fellowship, Assembly Church of Jesus Christ India, Church of the Living God, Bible Believers Church and Seventh Day Adventist.
At the same time, it is also against forcing our children to do what we want them to do.
The results are available at www.megresults.
Speaking to media, after the meeting with the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, the General Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District, Bah PB Sylliang, said that at the meeting, the Union urged The Minister to upgrade the Mini-Anganwadi Center to the Main Anganwadi Centre.
Burom – What do you think? it is not right.
This was announced by the District Training Officer, Vocational Training Centre, Manai, Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
They expressed their gratitude to the farmers for obeying the government's directive to improve all the meat shops so that it will be attractive and free from the shops. clean and free from many diseases.
It is better not to talk about counting anymore, let's get confused about the retrospective and prospective rosters.
Therefore, the Parish will continue to look for ways to improve this 'Law Kyntang' so that it will become a 'Law Kyntang' that will be respected by all the citizens of the state and the country. The Parish also has the aim of improving and beautifying through the cooperation of the faithful, in which they also have the aim of making this 'Law Kyntang' one of the a place that will attract even more tourists, he added.
Interested colleges can send confirmation of participation before November 9
Once again, when the plants were harvested; the lights of the fire shall fall.
Police have recovered 3 mobile phones, 8 SIM cards, a 32 pistol, 2 32 bullets, chains and four knives from the suspect. .
He said that the work has been carried out from Nongrim Nongladaw Village and the village authorities have not received any information that they are implementing the work even though it is within the boundary of the village. .
Referring to the budget, Ma Lahkmen said that the highest allocation of all the departments is the Education Department, but 90 per cent of the allocation has been spent only on the provision of salaries. full and without counting the amount received from the central government.
They were arrested with AK-56, AK-81, carbine, pistol, 78 AK rounds, 9 mm rounds, .32 rounds and demand letters along with documents. Police sources admitted that these four persons have given up their illegal activities and have decided to live a new life.
Langsning had many chances in the remaining minutes of the first half but many of their attempts failed to score and by the end of the first half Langsning took a 1-0 lead. .
HSPDP President Ardent Basaiawmoit, Nongstoin MLA D Jyndiang, MDCs including Teilinia Thangkhiew, Samlin Malngiang and others.
The Seng demands that the government should bring an Official Resolution to be sent to the Central Government and that the recognition of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule should come into force.
Total robbery incidents in 2022 have reached 1914 and this is the highest incident in a small state like Meghalaya.
The Prime Minister's order came after the increase in the number of cases of coronavirus in the country to more than 500 people.
The singing of various species of birds makes the land of Sohra beautiful and mysterious.
In fact, in an order issued on 14th November, the Supreme Court has fixed today for the hearing of the case.
Maharashtra has 46,197 new cases, Gujarat 24,485, Delhi 12,306, Kerala 46,387 and Assam 7,9
“Students as of now are in trouble and frustration due to the pressure to pay class fees and other expenses within the schools where the schools have refused At the same time, he urged NEHU to extend the deadline for the students to write their examinations,” said the BJP MDC. that they fill out their examination forms.
The JYF said that the education department and the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma recently promised to take action to provide admission to all the 140 students who have not yet received admission. They said that the government will enroll these students in this school.
Members of the union today met with the Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Pravin Bakshi to inquire what the government has done to their demands, which they have been protesting for four months. you're right.
LP School Nongkasen, MD Lyngdoh, Tbn. Sharling Marngar, General Secretary, NSC, and others.
MCH Hospital, on the 20th of November, at 12.03 pm.
After the release of the drip, the wife of Bah Ardent served ja in front of the crowd and after that Bah Ardent conducted a prayer and the crowd prayed together.
He said that if those groups cannot fill their share even in the following year due to lack of ranks or for other reasons, this share will be taken from the previous year. before it ends.
The Cycle Rally is part of the efforts to attract new voters and strengthen the participation of youth in the elections in this democratic country.
Similarly, a Marwari, Jivan Vatswani, known as JIVA, brought siej and sapling to all the places where he needed to plant trees, which were also destroyed.
It is a shame to say that the government is not elected by the people and serves the people but the High Court has to remind them.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday demanded that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (2.0) government should implement the roster system from now on and also the need to revise the Reservation Policy. .
Speeches were also delivered by Dr.A.Dkhar, DHS, Dr.SS Dohling who gave the symbols to share with the public on the health benefits that the Central Government can provide to the people. the people in different villages.
Along the way, they searched and destroyed the house of Bah Shanbor and Kong Lumspah until they reached the house where his brother, Bah Let, was already waiting.
The Chief Minister said that as of now the Khasi and Garo languages ​​are on the rise and this language has been studied up to the PhD level and the government has included it in the policy of the education department to strengthen it. Since the Khasi and Garo languages ​​were written in 1842 and the Garo languages ​​in 1860, the Ministry of Education and Training has After 46 years of independence, the Government has decided to demand the recognition of the Khasi language under the Fifth Schedule. of the Constitution of India.
In a meeting with reporters, the Congress leader denied that there is a struggle for the leadership, but said that there is a security issue that they have to discuss which they don't. cannot be revealed.
In the second half, Nangkiew FC were not happy when Abhishek Verma missed the Mawlai player in the box and the referees awarded a penalty kick to Mawlai.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Alvin Sawkmie, on Tuesday congratulated the members of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
The candidate has a motto “To Work for the Society of Meghalaya” in which he has many missions including education at various levels, health, employment opportunities, to resolve the border dispute which has been going on for 52 years, among other issues.
“Wow! In the name of this great man, who shaped our nation and our Church, shouldn't we remember him in a more special way?” Wales was born on 24 July 1810 in Tanyffrid, Parish of Montgomeryshire.
Knowledge gives hope to a person.
Marcus Marten President HNYF, NR, said that the HNYF expresses its deep sorrow over the problem faced by these land owners, because even though they have given away the land for the benefit of the HNYF, but only the fraud of the private sector, has led to the suspension of the Polytechnic.
The tournament was named after Bah Jien Pyngrope (bam kwai ha dwar U BLEI) who is one of the residents who has contributed to the community in the area.
These teams have also played in the SPL and other league matches in the city, as well as during the time when Rangdajied was Ar Hima.
“If we ignore the work of the MDA government, we will not create the VPP,” he said.
The arrested were identified as Mohammad Yaseen Bhat of Nigeenbagh, Sgr. Mohammad Rafiq Pahloo of Natipora, Shams Din Rehmani of Lalbazar, Jahangeer Ahmad Bhat of Batengo, Sopore, Khurshid Ahmad Bhat of Rawalpora. Ah Dar of Badamwari Sopore, Sajad Hussain Gul of Panthachowk, Srinagar, Firdous Ah Shah of Abiguzar, Srinagar, Parray Hassan Firdous of Lawaypora, Srinagar, and Sohail Ahmad Mir of Peerbagh, Budgam.
These two women who will contest the upcoming elections have expressed their strong belief that the people of the two constituencies will turn to them and the NPP. After leaving the office of the Returning Officer, M.Ampareen Lyngdoh said that it was not the first time that they came to register their names for the first time, but in every election since Their father, who was also a former MLA of the constituency, his brother and until now, the same.
Surprisingly, even though he stood alone and in order to invite the crowd, he composed a song that was very touching and before he spoke, he played it until the crowd from the Even from the shops where they live, they have come out and danced on the road which has been covered with snow.
Nongpoh: Father Joe Pareira, Founder of the Kripa Foundation, today inaugurated the Victoria Senior Citizen Home, a place of care for the elderly who have passed away and who have no caregivers. .
Union Home Minister Amit Shah has approved the release of Rs 44.8 crore for the provision of relief to the flood victims. .
few can hear the painful sound of the fire, including the fire.
Shillong, Nailar 3: Three villages have vowed to turn to the Secretariat if the government fails to provide electricity by Tuesday this month.
The landslide and flooding on this highway seems to never end and the traffic on this road is dangerous.
They demanded that the Meghalaya government should provide assistance to the families of those killed and injured in the incident and that the Meghalaya government should set up Police Stations in all border areas, especially in the border areas. jackets don't have anything to eat.
It will affect the drivers of the vehicles, the fuel price of the vehicles will suffer and the passengers will also suffer from the rich and no one else will be able to drive the vehicles.
Raids were conducted at the offices and residences of Mehta and Ruby Mills Ltd by the team conducting the investigation.
Dipayan said it is very doubtful that the BJP will be able to form a government in the 2018 elections in Meghalaya. It is difficult for the BJP to form a government in the state.
We Khasi don't have a women's race... We don't have a mother's race... If that happens, the Khasi people will lose their women's race.
Not only that, the houses that have been burnt down and suspected to have been burnt down by the robbers are Khasi houses and at the time of writing of this news, nothing has been done. to investigate in what manner these houses are burning and what is the reason why these houses are burning.
The opposition leader said the Congress is ready to take up many issues in the dorbar synrai which started today.
About 23 persons have registered for the SLST 2016 for 24,640 vacancies.
When the sky became darker, someone called “O Bah Shanbor” two or three times. “Listen, Father, someone called you...” said Kong Lumspah. Wanbok's father came out and saw the Rangbah Shnong coming. stand in front of the door.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: Police have arrested 55 coal trucks from Lumshnong in violation of the NGT order. On the 11th of this month, 12 trucks were arrested and on the 10th, 43 trucks were arrested.
Even after his reunion with the national team, Argentina under his leadership will once again defend the title and honor it has won from the World Cup. The 2022 World Cup will be held in partnership with Mexico, the United States and Canada.
They also said that the man had tried to commit suicide twice.
Besides the illegal activities in the villages, the Ri Bhoi Police have also explained about the Corona Virus, in which they have urged these village leaders to teach the people not to to be vigilant, but they must be strictly following the guidelines laid down and taught by the government through the Ministry of Health.
In some places no clarifier is used; but the gur which they obtained from the uncleansed had a bright color and was not bright.
“I have tried to meet many people and now many church leaders have come to our invitation.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: “I myself don't hesitate to work against those in the same party,” said Ma RC Laloo and the Second Prime Minister. close?".
According to sources, these people were coming from a wedding house in Raipara village.
The CEM was speaking at a ceremony to honor Bah Mawkordor Nongneng, Rangbah Shnong of Mawklot on the occasion of his 25th anniversary of tireless service to the village in Upper Shillong.
With the independence of Meghalaya, the District Councils are no longer as important as they were when they were in Assam.
Speaking at the Variety Legend and Groundbreaker Awards at the Miami Film Festival, Nicolas said he felt that Marvel's films didn't have anything to attract him and that's why he didn't want to act in that movie this company.
If the rainfall is not sufficient, the electricity supply may decrease and the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) will have to extend the power outage hours.
Apart from the Boundary Commission, is there another way? We would like to remind you here of the discussions between the President, Secretary and Vice President of the Assam Students Union and the Hills Students. Front here in Shillong in 1967 on the Federal Plan - both these parties opposed - decided to speak at the conference of the Asom Students Union held in Tezpur in
Sen said the increase in customs duty and GST has affected gold buyers as the price of gold has risen slightly.
Regarding the Umngot Water Supply, he said it would be better to improve the Mupiah Dam to supply water as the Umngot Water Supply does not know when it will start operating.
Mahato bought the land through the Luna Society International and just to provide the documents, it takes up to a year.
Regarding the habit of depositing money in banks and withdrawing money from banks, the village employees said that there are still only a few who dare to ask for loans from banks and the habit of depositing money in banks. .
The Muslim religion is extremely strict in terms of its own traditional laws, in which it does not accept any other traditional customs from any ethnic group.
Jobatstar Kharlyngdoh of Mawrwangkynda Church of God Secondary School and Latympang Lyngdoh Marshilong of Nativity Higher Secondary School were also awarded prizes. School for women.
Is that right? Without Judas, who would fulfill the prophecy in the old book, Isaiah 53:7? We must understand that it was God who crucified Jesus.
It is not right to judge everyone.
Besides, the union also urged all the residents to be vigilant to avoid any incident especially on the polling day.
Besides these, there will be several other candidates from this constituency who will contest the election.
"But it was in 2006 that the department paid the full milk fee.
In 1820 cholera broke out in Majorca.
Shillong: Many types of crimes have started to increase in the state in recent days where in a tragic incident which happened on the evening of the 5th of this month. On the 9th of June 2022 at about 9:00 pm, two robbers wearing helmets robbed two petrol pumps in Shillong.
Tourism is one of the most important industries in Meghalaya for increasing the income of the residents especially in the rural areas.
Therefore, it is time for us as the citizens of the Bri u Hynniewtrep Trep to surprise the people, to be united and orderly and concerned and ready to stand up to defend our border. shyiap the country and the nation.
The election is over and we have all accepted what has been offered to us.
Furthermore, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, said that at present, Ri Bhoi and especially the villages in the Umden area, are the strongest villages in the production of siej, where only There are about 7000 siej in the area which has been exported to Assam at a low price and has not been of much benefit to the people. There are no factories that can produce in that way and that can increase the price of siej.
Haughtiness leads to destruction and ruin, but knowledge and understanding build up life.
All this is just a bishni and I want to find out why the Christian state has affected the society.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah RB Shadap, expressed his gratitude and appreciation to Samla Mission Tron, who took this initiative to commemorate his father (Bam kwai ha dwar u Blei), who was also one of the most prominent men of the past in the area.
Your presence, support, sympathy and assistance to us in this time of sorrow has encouraged us and especially the activities related to this incident.
This happened in 1933 after the Syiem of Nongstoin, Sib Singh Syiem, gave them permission to enter the Hima and settle in the shrah land, Lawse and all its remaining shrah areas. .
The visit to either will be at the discretion of the Prime Minister.
Due to the increasing number of accidents, which have claimed the lives of many people, the police department has conducted a public hearing today.
In the year 2011-12, Meghalaya announced the ASHA Benefit Scheme or ABS and the purpose of the ABS is to improve and enhance the income and performance of ASHAs so that it does not affect them and їaineh in the work.
However, it is sad to see that many of the farmers who used to work hard to plant crops to earn a living for their families, but when it is time to harvest, they sell. Agricultural products have to be sold at a high price, while other vegetables or crops imported from outside the state have a reasonable price.
The same is true in India.
BJP leader BS Yeddyurappa was sworn in as the new Chief Minister of Karnataka at Raj Bhavan in Bengaluru today after the Supreme Court refused to suspend the ban. smile of You Yeddyurappa.
It is learned that the strong wind blew the body of the worker into the sea.
He praised the Meghalaya High Court for upholding the principle of impartiality, transparency and fairness to all.
Dhar informed reporters that while the first phase of the smart road is underway, there has been a disruption due to the poor condition of the roads and the presence of pipes under the roads.
During elections, they promise heaven and earth to the people.
Modi said with assurance that although we are watching the teams of different countries playing in the World Cup in Qatar, he believes in the power of the youth and said that the time is not far away when India will hold such a great tournament and every Indian will also support his own team to take part in it.
Rai-soh is a very good food: it can be used to make bread or porridge.
Although there is no cure for this disease, by taking precautions and implementing them, the impact of this disease can be reduced and prevented.
Emiki Phawa and Chilangki Phawa, who are still in contact with the family, said that at the time of the fire, there were only three brothers and sisters while their mother and father were about to leave. They went to Mynksan village to get medicine and the five brothers, two women and three men fled the scene.
Shillong Cricket Association A will face Ri-Bhoi DCA while South Garo Hills DCA will face North Garo Hills DCA in the Group A match. in Zone 2.
“We have received information that the Indian Nursing Council (INC) has sent a letter to all nursing colleges across India on 29th June, 2019 in which all B.Sc.
The Kopati Puja Raij Raliang, which is held every year, this year will be held on the 25th-26th-27th Nov, 2019 at Raliang Village. This day there will be a ceremony from the morning, and in the afternoon there will be a traditional dance.
The Working President of the MPCC, Deborah C Marak, will submit the names of all the candidates to the AICC. take the names of the candidates to Delhi.
This will lead to a change in the map of Meghalaya.
The question is whether NEHU is the top institution in India or not.
The UDP, although it has won, has not succeeded, has not yet succeeded and will never succeed.
The Behdeiñkhlam ritual in the Raid is very important, because after completing this ritual, the villagers go to plant the seeds of phniang in the fields.
This is the most important day for us to decide which party will rule in the next five years, starting from the day of the inauguration of the new government that will emerge from this election.
:Members of the Khasi Student Union (KSU), today 22nd November 2023, commemorated the 10th Anniversary of the shooting death of five Khasi elders at Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills. Pure Assamese.
In the first half, both the teams struggled to carry the ball up and down to score but no one could score until the end of the first half.
Out of the T.6.02 crore spent by the Board on office works in the year 2007-2012, only T.2.85 crore has been recovered from the borrowers as ownership fees and interest including legal fees. that they delay.
They have applied for bail, but this can only be done by the court and not by the government, so the matter is ongoing.
After this, the equipment was transported by Mi-17 and Chinook helicopters to Haflong and also to the flood affected villages like Khepre, Hajadisha, Laisong, Harangajao and Hajaichak.
Nongpoh: The 15mer Market on the Assam side in Byrnihat area, has been closed since last night and until this evening. don't allow the shopkeepers to open their shops.
Shillong: The prominent lawyer of the state, Bah Bevan G Kynta, on Tuesday warned that young and old should not be punished.
However, besides many programmes, it was also learned that the candidate for the election from Mawphlang constituency who is also the Adviser of the Seng Khihlang, Bah SK Sun will deliver a speech.
Golden Blouse 3.
“It is not only one or two Union Ministers of the BJP who have said that, but even local MLAs like Sanbor Shullai have said many times, give us many MLAs, we will give ILP, give us Many MLAs will vote for the Khasi language, if the BJP wins, the border will be resolved within six months.
Babu DS Syiem President AMSSASTA West Khasi Hills District, said that it is unacceptable for the government to treat SSA teachers in the state and this is not the first time. SSA teachers are facing difficulties especially in terms of salary.
The price of alcohol has increased, the price of petrol has increased, the price of cars has increased, the price of chicken, beef (even pork) has also increased.
The departure of Tipramotha from the opposition has weakened and caused a stir among the political parties in the opposition.
On the one hand, rumors have circulated that some members of the ruling party have planned to support the opposition in the power struggle but to what extent it will be true will be seen tomorrow.
You have laid up treasure in the last days.—James 5:1-3
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that those who have committed these crimes will be punished according to the law and it does not matter whether they belong to any religion or political party.
Bah Tynsong said to the VPP leaders not to try to politicize this issue and if they want the truth they should come and ask the government to explain to them.
Among the people who spoke, some said that the vote of sympathy for Bah HDR Lyngdoh will also work for his brother, Bah Synsharlang and this can also help him.
Vincent said it is easy to blame the authorities and it is impossible to conclude the case while the investigation is ongoing.
Noting that Bah Pala as an MP has done many things, the MLA said that Bah Pala is a shy person and doesn't want to appear too much like some others. 'the world's richest.
He said that a group of MLAs also met with the Minister of Home Affairs in New Delhi on 20th June 2020 and informed them that the Central Government is considering the Resolution passed by the The State Legislative Assembly.
We hope that this Act will also contain a provision to restrict the formation of MDCs because at present, there is no law in the District Council to remove those who form political parties.
However, unfortunately, the Dorbar Shnongs have not been able to function according to the old rules due to the ban by the Court.
In West Khasi Hills, the lack of jobs has led to various problems.
Therefore, there is no relationship between these two, Article-6 and the ILP. If we count the value of these two, the ILP Act is only for passing when entering the ILP States, while Article-6 of the Districts. The Council is the supreme authority to protect these countries and the nation.
He said the body has been taken for post mortem and other legal requirements.
Nabon, however, stood firm in her faith and decided to become a Christian, even though her relatives opposed her.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi District, Shillong, has issued a notice to the public to inform the public about the ban on demon worship and other unlawful activities. religions or beliefs of others.
According to police, the incident resulted in the assault on the magistrate and three policemen while the Deputy Superintendent of Police sustained head injuries. these groups are not.
There are three types of MP/MLA/MDC in a democracy.
After that date, the public will be able to attend.
This is the fifth incident of drone infiltration into parts of the country from the border areas of Punjab since 19th January.
“We have come up with the VHC because the government understands that without the cooperation of the village authorities it will not be able to provide adequate health services,” he said. There are many problems in this regard but the government is fighting hard to overcome them.
However, after a year, she was relegated and returned to the I-League in the 2011-12 season where she stayed for nine years.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 15: Nongbri Brothers' (Nongjri) Football Team today became the winners after beating Se-la-jong Football Team by 10 goals in The 1st Sngap Singh Syiem Football Tournament 2022 was organized by the HYC Mawkyrwat Circle at the Artificial Turf Ground, Mawkyrwat.
The Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) has donated 3 acres of land to the Social Welfare Department.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Vidarbha by 146 runs in the first match of the Women's Senior One Day Trophy played in Chennai.
Explaining in detail about the eviction of these foreign Daju from the market, the Daju Khasi, said that earlier, the smuggling of goods in the market was done by foreigners, but since The Khasi Daju have fallen, which has caused the foreign Daju to retreat gradually.
According to the President of the KSU, this death of fish has happened in the past years especially at this time but it is surprising that the government has not taken any action.
The Rose Bowl in Southampton, where India suffered their first WTC defeat in the final against New Zealand two years ago, has been replaced by Headingley. leading sport for sports programs in 2029; while the other four stadiums, Lord's, Oval, Edgbaston and Old Trafford, remained unchanged.
“The reason may be because of the education system, institutions, and syllabuses, and the lack of opportunities for the youth to connect with other parts of the country,” Rakkam said.
The Head Catechist and Babu Ïoanis Shylla, Choir Master of the Parish, started with a prayer and song in the Holy Spirit. that lectures on peace were given and continued with prayers for various purposes.
The EJHDFA has announced that the Under-16 Football Tournament will start from next month, on the 28th of July.
The match had to be suspended for about 10 hours due to heavy rain.
“The demand for the establishment of a college in this district has started since 2016 because we want the students of the area (many of whom come from poor families) to continue their education at various levels within the district. District, without having to be driven to urban areas to continue their education which affects their income,” said Leningstar. The students have stopped studying after completing matriculation and class XII.
Giving money to children and providing for them while they are angry destroys not only their own children, but also the children of others and also brings shame and suffering to the whole family.
The army said that when the highway was temporarily closed as part of a safety measure, a bomb disposal team was called in to examine the device. IED. The bomb disposal team, when they arrived at the scene, took away the pla containing the weapon and destroyed it to avoid the explosion and causing damage, officials said. police.
He said that the Lokayukta not only punishes the corrupt but the money corrupted by the government officials will be returned to them.
Teach the next generation to look at it with loving eyes.
We Khasi-Pnar and the State are regarded as a nation with dignity.
When examining the expenditure of the authorities in Meghalaya, it has severely affected the income, income as these are the pliangja of the indigenous people of this state and in other states of the North East.
Nine-year-old Aidalin had to take the responsibility of supporting her blind mother and two brothers by working as a laborer in the neighbourhood.
Speaking at the National Press Day Function in Shillong in 2018, the then Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma said that it is not for politicians or big companies to own or operate the media.
David MLA Sohryngkham has already spoken about the abolition of District Councils in Meghalaya, because they don't need anything, there is a lot of expenditure and there are no District Councils in other states, but only in Assam and Meghalaya.
For those who wish to attend this program, they can register and call 986304885, 7005217560, 7005675177,
Is there any way to monitor the number of these people living in these areas so that they can be tried later,” asked Bah Roy Kupar Synrem.
It is said that the Lyngngam came from Mongolia and traveled a long way.
The program was also attended by the Director of Horticulture, Kong D Sohtun as the chief guest. Dhar along with other government officials, farmers and others.
Adrick Da E Pathaw of North Liberty HSS won the title of Best Athlete in the Under-14 boys category.
It means that we should count the years we live here on earth by knowing man and knowing God.
Even if they have all these things, it will be useless if they are not willing or not brave enough to speak the truth and do it.
Conrad said that after receiving full information through this programme, the Government will extend this program to provide assistance to an additional 15,000 thousand pig farmers.
“Those who win in the race, those who lose in the Personal Interview, go there and ask for the name of whose son has got high marks,” he said.
East Khasi Hills has 7 cases and West Garo Hills has 11 cases.
Many people who live far away from the coal mine have been able to control the temperature below 1.5 degrees Celsius, otherwise the level of the sea will rise.
The second reason may be that the officer gave this notice on the orders of those in power or politicians who are in trouble for the support of the people for the Voice of the. People Party.
Sangma and others, including Dr. Mukul Sangma, have done what? Who has left the border, not implemented the Mining Policy, ILP, jobs, corruption and so on? Who has destroyed the state and put so much trouble on the people? The rule of the elders in the past, when the people were going to give rice, bread, jhur, even the money 5,10, 50,100 tyngka to carry book the candidate, you are still clean shisha.
Regarding the report of inquiry submitted to the House today on the deposit of funds collected from the Professional Tax into the bank accounts of private individuals, the report alleged that the Former Secretary of KHADC Welljune Syiemlieh, the House has decided to look into the matter by a committee of the House formed today with Manstudy Nongrem as Chairman. , Bah M. Kharkrang Jnt.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bah M. Tongper, MCS, who was the chairman of the meeting, said that all the speakers at the meeting were invited to attend the meeting. support this project with the expectation of development in this area.
Pohthmi and Gillroy Tariang said that the people have witnessed the work of the incumbent MLA Lahkmen and many have decided to support Stephan.
By Bah Philip Marwein Roads and streets are the source of income and development in any place whether urban or rural.
Police have arrested Mithu Ravi Das, 25, of Oakland Road.
In addition, the people have to pay annual taxes on their farmland to the government.
He said he would go to Delhi not to meet party workers but to discuss development works in the state.
Nongpoh: U Vincent H. Pala, MP from Shillong seat and President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) on Saturday arrived in Nongpoh to inaugurate the full office of the party. which is located in the village of Umlyngkdait, Nongpoh.
He said that these foreigners in these areas have forcibly usurped the authority of the Hynniewtrep authorities in the Hima Sohra, by claiming to be Rangbah Shnongs, such as the Mulor of Proper Majai, Rangbah Shnong of Nayabasti, Rangbah of Chaklabasti, Rangbah of Dhorombasti and Rangbah of Alubari.
In the introduction of classes for Class 11, it is clear that parents should allow their children to attend morning classes or classes to read the scriptures. , for their spiritual instruction and that they should not be forbidden to carry a Bible and a songbook when attending the school.
Also present on the occasion were the Sordar of Nongjri, Bah Phelin Rynjah, the Matabor of the village council, the Seng Samla and the public who came to witness the ceremony. that day.
Deendayal Upadhyaya, in collaboration with SAKSHAM under the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment of the Government of India, the National Institute for Locomotor Disabilities ((Divyangjan), Kolkata, The Kyrmen Foundation today held a special program at the Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat. equipment needed for those special people with disabilities, they are called special because such people have a very special gift that God has given them in life their.
He also requested to use special financial assistance from the State Disaster Response/National Disaster Response Fund or any scheme that the government will set up to provide assistance to those farmers whose fields have been damaged. They are in the storm of cold and rain in these days.
We have seen the electricity posts in Nongtnger village but as the KSU we express our surprise why the government has not been able to do anything to fulfill the requirements in this regard,” said the statement from KSU Umdohlun. Unit.
Today, 20 cases have been confirmed in Mawpat and one more case has been confirmed.
