There are also three constituencies in the State Legislative Assembly, Kanubari (ST) in Arunachal Pradesh, Hiyanglam in Manipur, Northern Angami in Nagaland and Kairana in Uttar Pradesh. Pradesh and West Rajkot in Gujarat.
The letter was signed by Q Tuccu, Chief of the NSCN-IM and Th Muivah, General Secretary. at the top of the Indian government, but now down to the level of the Governor.
u Bah Ryntathiang, invited all the office bearers of the different kurs to attend five members from each kur.
The great tribulation will come when the abomination of desolation, which was foretold by Daniel the prophet, shall stand in the holy place (the Temple in Jerusalem).
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills has announced the closure of the house of Nirmal Sen Nongbri in Nongpyngrope, Malki. Dr. LL Sawian in Block IV Nongrimbah, from today, on the confirmation of cases of covid 19 or those who have been in close contact with those who have been infected with covid
He said that the church has about 800 members.
He said that as soon as he entered the shop, Wallam said 'Ei Garo Land' and Wallambok replied 'Ei Khasi Land' “We have many friends, we talk and laugh,” he said.
He said that this celebration gives the residents the opportunity to look back at the past of the state, its journey of development in many aspects through the years and decades.
“The police are working only according to the laws of the state because if the government lodges a complaint against the protesters, it will work immediately but if the people or the civil society groups lodge a complaint, it will not work,” he said. said Mrs. Agnes.
Nongstoiñ, July 17: Two sisters, Caffinia Nongsiej, 15, and Maïanylla, 10, have died recently while two sisters, Saniti, 13, and Isadaka, 8, have died. They survived the earthquake that destroyed their house at Mawlangniang, Pyndengrei, 14 km from Nongstoiñ.
The allegation came after many of those who had contracted leprosy in the village, called out the name of the man.
Just as there is a right for those who drink alcohol or drugs in various shops, there is also the right for those who sell drugs in this market.
Avoid going to crowded places.
These wild donkeys will come to church with Khasi husbands who are more pious than Christians within 10-30 years.
The program is funded by the Government of India as part of the exchange of information between Asian countries for strengthening ties.
To celebrate the 50th Golden Jubilee, the Dobar Chnong has laid the foundation stone of the Community cum Indoor Sports Hall.
Under this scheme, a subsidy of T.6,000 per annum in the form of three installments has been provided to all farmer households who own their own land and this has provided peace of mind. them economically and socially.
The union also witnessed the testimony of these people, who said that those who used to sell such goods are from Ajmera, Lumsurvay, Mawprem and Jhalupara.
Bynnud said the minister has promised to take care of the matter.
It is learned that at the Congress meeting after the announcement of the ticket, all the candidates who have registered and those who have been rejected have expressed the same voice to support Bah Anthony Khongwang.
At the meeting, which was only for Laitlyngkot and Nongkynrih, Prestone said that Gavin was initially invited to join the NPP as it is a big party but he did not succeed. .
Regarding the opening of shops in Iewduh, it was said that 1245 shops will be open in Iewduh three times a day, of which 623 shops will be open daily, from 8 am to 6 pm.
Therefore, only that Kur ka Jait which has inherited from the wonderful Ïawbei, which has nothing to do with human beings, can escape from those tyrut, smer, shwar, thlen, taro, ki Therefore, the skhai who can come and destroy the Kur ka Jait.
Jowai: U Thombor Shiwat, CEM of JHADC today, while speaking at the 25th Anniversary Celebration of Psiar UP School at Psiar Village in Block I, urged all the residents of Block They shall come forward to register their land and shall submit documents to prove their ownership of the land.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Garod congratulated the Election Department for their hard work and dedication to collect information and improve the electoral roll and announced that according to the special summary, there are 123102 voters from all three constituencies and 5 new polling stations including Nongkhniang, Lyngdoh Mukyllain, Pyndengrei Dommawlein, Nongkynjang and Riangpoit.
“I have seen that the MDA Government has given away the border areas without any dispute to Assam.
One of the most shocking issues is that these days we see the border protests, the demand for ILP, the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language as one of the official languages ​​of India under Grade 8, and others.
D level 2013 please send your Xerox marksheets to the office of the party in Nonglum on or before 18th July or by phone at 9774959976, 9615308880 (Member Education Cell).
“Therefore, as the people, it is not right to decide to elect leaders with anger, to elect MPs with pleasure from music but to elect MPs with responsibility and vision,” said Bah Robertjune.
Shillong: The Assam Government through the Forest Department, has forcibly evicted the Khasi-Pnar people living in the Khasi villages which have been living for hundreds of years, under the Pahar Line of Cachar District.
Shillong: The Supreme Court Collegium, which met on 15th March 2019, has approved the appointment of Bah Wanlura Diengdoh as a Judge of the Meghalaya High Court.
Perhaps some think that Babel was the origin and source of the beginning of the languages ​​of the world.
Skill Icons.
Fortunately, Shillong is a city where traffic jam is very high every day so the injuries of pedestrians when crossing the road are not very frequent because during the hours of traffic jam. and the vehicles shall pass by like a mattah.
Nongpoh, June 08: During the meeting between the Ribhoi District Administration and the District Administration of West Karbi Anglong to discuss the recent incident ha Jatalong, the Khasi people said that the Assam Police have harassed the people who They went to Sabuda to Mawlasnai.
Garcia Luna's lawyers argued with these witnesses who appeared before him to defend themselves after they had committed illegal acts.
Therefore, the group urges the residents to come forward with a free mind and try to donate more blood voluntarily.
“But besides having beautiful mountains to climb and at the same time we have a golden opportunity not only at the national level and even to win medals in foreign competitions like the Asian Games and even the Olympics. .
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that various political parties in the state have agreed to amend the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (MRSSA) .
The National People's Party (NPP) from Meghalaya is one of the members of the NDA and may attend the meeting.
As the population increases over the years, environmentalists have said that it is difficult for the State Government to provide drinking water for the people.
They are Umshynrut, Nongkrong and Photjalei.
At the same time, he urged the people to stop the strike to disrupt the peace and order as it has affected the workers, shopkeepers, day laborers and the poor.
He has been granted bail in this case, but has been arrested again on suspicion of murdering (L) Lita Ryngkhlem.
US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said US troops were already in place and ready to go anywhere. They have received an order from President Barack Obama to attack Syria.
The State Government had allocated funds in 2005 for the purchase of dry process machines and the company would be able to produce up to 600 tonnes of dewbilat per day.
Nimon Sutnga Ewanmi and Ebormi Sutnga (Son) Daniella Sutnga (Son) Rekibune Sutnga (Son) Lem and all the family members.
However, the PDF and HSPDP cannot be counted. They may surprise in some places, but alone they will not reach anywhere.
Without a doubt, the victory in this battle is indeed the joint effort of the people.
The Khasi has always been able to live in Khaïi! No one is born with a snap! “Heroes are not born, Heroes are made”.
“I don't know how to explain human nature anymore.
(6) On the first day of arrival of the chickens, give them a drink of water-glucose mixed with vitamin – AWhy do chickens need to cut a little throat? chickens are to protect them from infection, which can cause injuries and diseases.
Like antioxidants, Vitamin A also helps to reduce the increase in inflammation and the presence of waste products in the body.
Manchester United and the Raine Group, one of the biggest investors in the club, have not yet received any offers. reply for her comment and did not provide any details regarding the allocation of funds that will be released separately.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Secretary of the Greater Market Polo Association (GIPA), Bah Pynsuklang Hynniewta said that more than 300 shops have been destroyed.
At the same time, she urged the office bearers of various Units and Circles in the Bri U Hynniewtrep not to be afraid of these threats of law enforcement officers and those who do not love themselves but work hard.
The dancers will perform their precious traditional dances of different ethnic groups.
Mumbai, June 6: The Maharashtra Cow Slaughter Bill, which has been approved by the President of India, has sparked a dispute between the two opposition parties in Maharashtra, the Congress and the Government. NCP.The NCP has said that the ban on the slaughter of cows will put a lot of pressure on the farmers.
Shillong: Dr. Sanjeev Kumar Balyan will witness the election of the new State President of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Meghalaya today.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The President of the Khasi Authors' Society (KAS), Dr. DRL Nonglait, on Tuesday said that the proposal to introduce the Khasi Language in Parliament is sufficient. The Khasi Language has been included in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution. in India.
One of the beneficiaries, Birit Nongrum, a member of the SHG, expressed her gratitude to the district authorities for turning to the SHG and their members through these schemes. especially for those members who are women to be able to stand on their own feet.
This was announced by Acting Prime Minister Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar.
Shillong: On 22nd June 2021, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today announced to the media that the National People's Party (NPP) has decided to contest the election. Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, MDC from Sohryngkham Constituency and Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will hold the mid-term elections from Mawryngkneng Constituency. announce the date of the mid-term elections in this constituency.
The current road is about 3.75 meters wide and the PWD will have to take land and clear the hills or build a well to improve the road.
He said that the group has already sent letters to the Deputy Commissioner, the PHE Office, the Syiem of Nongstoiñ Hima and all the Rangbah Shnongs of the Nongstoiñ Town Area to cooperate in the event. These two things are clean.
W.Syiemlieh, Secretary, Executive Committee (EC) of KHADC has spent T.2,97,204 and has traveled 12 times. 59,527 lakh for 8 flights, Mr. T.Saiborn, CFO spent T.14,652 (once), Mr. C.Pohlong, Planning Officer spent T.14,172 thousand (once).
Prof. Streamlet Dkhar received the Outstanding Poet, Drama and Novelist Award of Meghalaya on 14th October 2018 by Sultan Ahmed Sona, Editor and Publisher of Bwazra Katha. and Secretary AFSACAL, Bangladesh along with representatives from across South East Asia.
The program was conducted as part of the dissemination of information and training to the farmers to find profitable and profitable jobs especially in agriculture.
What happens is that those who have the kwari slip give only what they want, this shows that some get to carry stones every day, while some get only two or three times a month, the desire Their request is that all these slips should be submitted together.
At the same time, he said the government has decided to renew the electricity projects which the government has already signed.
Nongstoin is the headquarters of the HSPDP where Bah Hoping has held this constituency as the people's leader for a long time.
Shillong, Lber, 19: The North Eastern Development Finance Corporation (NEDFi) Shillong on Saturday gathered a meeting of interested entrepreneurs at Mawngap village, East Khasi Hills District to explain the importance of entrepreneurship. different schemes.
But sometimes we are overcome by illness, we are overcome because the work we have planned and done fails.
The Fit India Freedom Run 3.0 will be held from 2nd March 2022 to 31st March
The incident happened at Mawryngkneng at 10:15 pm.
Biren Singh has not received any order from the Delhi leadership to step down.
The government will ban all goods.
The Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who is also the UDP MLA from West Shillong, has slammed the Voice of the People Party (VPP) for not only taking advantage of the government, but also for inciting, insulting and to promote ethnic discrimination and also to influence the society on the Reservation Policy and Roster System.
As human beings we have spent thousands of crores to seek the devil and God, but after that money it is time to spend to protect the Nongrithlen by passing a law which we will know as “Anti-Black”. Magic and Superstitious Belief “so that people who have become demons can no longer kill the way to God.
On 6th July 2019, Home Minister Amit Shah confirmed in the Lok Sabha that Abdullah has not been arrested.
It is learned that there have been dorbars which have not distributed food items and equipment provided by the government, MLAs and MDCs in a clean manner.
Shillong, November 20: The Raid Laban Sports Social and Cultural Organization (RLSSCO) on Saturday celebrated Christmas with various religious groups in the state.
There are networks such as Vodafone or Airtel but the residents can only get it when they leave the house.
“It is known that if people go to Google they know all these things, but the understanding comes to their minds when they read,” said Badwar.
The wholesale price at Khliehriat is T.77.00 p, and at Sonapur Oil Agency, the wholesale price is T.77.20 p.
The MPUF has urged the journalists not to spread false news like what happened on 11th June but to find out the truth first, he said.
Any public meeting of MLA Candidates held in Yungwalieh shall be conducted by the Waheh Chnong or Assistant Waheh Chnong.
May God bless us, How we can know the shyieng krung.
Meanwhile, Smit, who have just entered the season, have earned six points from them after winning once and drawing three out of nine games.
The citrusgreen bug (Rhynchocoris humeralis) is an insect that feeds on the juice of fruit.
Because he had just read the sermon of Rev. T. Rodborne at the Synod.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The MBOSE Shillong, Shillong, has staged a protest in front of the MBOSE office to demand the government to increase the salary of the students. They decided to leave home after the government through Commissioner Secretary Dr BDR Tiwari and Director Ambrose Ch Marak of the Ministry of Education. The State Government has promised that the Government will try to implement their demand for salary increase soon.
In fact, they did not want to become teachers, but were forced by someone such as family members or unemployment to become teachers.
Morningstar Jait Sumer in an article on “Municipal or Meghalaya” published in Mawphor on 26th October 2010, wrote, “According to our understanding since 10th June 1994, There should be no Municipal Office in Meghalaya, because there is Article 243 ZF, which prohibits the existence of Municipal Boards in the state after 10 years from the enactment of PART IXA of the Constitution.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that the expenditure of the State Government has more than doubled compared to the previous five years. In 2017-2018, the Government has spent Rs 9000 crore in 2023-2024 and Rs 21,000 crore in the Financial Year.
On the other hand, T.Pasah said that the Forum and all those present at the meeting said that the main objective is to ensure that Block I and Block II should reach Meghalaya.
The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) has sought two months from the government to appoint a new president to conduct talks with the state government on the preparations for the relocation of 342 households. Metor Theater and Mawlong Market Theatre.
He also asked why, when arresting Khasi, the police immediately reveal their names while when arresting other ethnic groups, they hide their names.
The purpose of this training is to improve the income of Self-Help Groups (SHGs).
Shillong: In the face of the Covid-19 pandemic, some people have gone to the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Garo Hills to inquire about the scheme. mobile phones or government smart phones.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Education Cell has expressed its opposition to the Kendriya Vidyalaya, NEHU for not issuing the results to the students of the school.
“When I got home, there were still friends and neighbors waiting to comfort me.
The following are some of the foods that can improve the health of the blood vessels: U Sying : Gingerol, a compound contained in sying, is very beneficial in terms of health.
U Bah Titos, who has now been appointed as the Leader of the Opposition in KHADC, said that there is a directive from the NPP leadership not to remove him from the post of CEM. He said that there are MLAs who are now before joining the NPP and the first rule they set is to remove him from the post of CEM. It will not be a loss for him, but a loss for the district council.
These weapons were used because the battlefield was located on a high hill and it was not easy to fight in other ways, because it was not allowed to fire with weapons. , that there is an agreement between India and China, not to use weapons of mass destruction.
The death toll has risen to 4,706 with 175 deaths in the past 24 hours.
“A leader is only a leader elected by the people.
From time to time we went down to the border to talk and we held meetings and participated with them.
Despite the many obstacles faced by the Range Forest Officer, Mairang Range over the years, it has continued to conduct inspections and detection of such species. crime.
He said that the youth need unity and cooperation and the most important part is to be strong and confident, because soon there will be many who will come to encourage them with words. so he um.
Police are investigating to arrest the suspects and seize the vehicles.
Mynsngat Khanduli MDC Dawan Lyngdoh has expressed his strong opposition to the Assam ownership of the forest from time to time and demanded that the CEM JHADC should release these four persons. government of Assam and covered all their expenses.
There is nothing like it.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 17: As part of the efforts to improve income through trade in the market, especially in the villages on the border with Assam, today the leaders of the Raid Marmain, The Marme Haat Market has been opened at Markang Village, Ri Bhoi District.
Because as it is now, I would like to say that the villagers, even though they have enough shops, choose to sell themselves in the market and give away their shops to foreigners who pay them the fees. tremendous! However, it is necessary to have a strong sense of responsibility only to fellow citizens in order to prevent foreigners from invading the ethnic minorities of Hynniewtrep.
Upon receiving the complaint, police took action to arrest Everist and he escaped from the hands of the police on 29th June at Rajasthan Hotel, Hynniawmer.
Police of East Jaintia Hills District, after receiving a tip that four persons were suspiciously walking near the forest of Jalaphet village in East Jaintia Hills District, have seized boxes of books. and that.
On the Benami Transaction Prohibition Act, 1980 and the Meghalaya Regulation of Tenants Bill, 2013, the Minister said the government has taken action in relation to the rules and regulations and the department. will consider carefully before reaching the Legislative Assembly to pass this law.
There are also those who are interested in watching the clash between the UDP and NPP leaders, especially Bah Amazing Kurbah and Bah Prestone Tynsong and other election campaigners.
“Regarding the allegation that there are coaches who coach other schools in the screening committee, the office has immediately denied it.
“I understand that it is not easy to patrol and prevent smuggling, I just request to increase patrolling and set up border posts in places. I'm not important.
The village headmen of the area said that the land belongs to Meghalaya.
“Are the police in Jaintia Hills too corrupt or are these trucks allowed to leave without being caught by the police even though they have spent 24 hours waiting at Phramer by the West Jaintia Hills Police in Shohshrieh and Lumshnong, as well? “It's a good idea to have a police officer in Umkiang,” said the district officials.
“In general, the Constitution and politics have destroyed our nation,” said Bah Blah, who is also the General Secretary of the HNYF. “The government gives one hand and takes the power of the district councils with the other hand,” he said.
“Although the umngap and the products we sell are cheaper, people when they buy them understand that it should be cheaper because it is not clean or done anything harmful,” he said.
At the end of the 45 days, Jesus Christ will rule for 1,000 years.
Shillong, Iaiong 12 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Police Department, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today said that the State Government will soon issue the notice of recruitment for 1500 posts. vacant Police posts within the Police Department.
At the same time, he said that the police did not seize the vehicles, even though they carried people until they were overwhelmed, and those who were standing still.
The New Shillong Knowledge City will be exclusively for sports, IT, tourism and agro-logistics.
The MCPF Leaders and Office Bearers have decided to work hard to ensure the return of Bah PT Sawkmie as MLA of Mawlai and also to win a glorious victory in the upcoming elections.
However, the disease has destroyed the chickens of all seven households.
Of course, we should be proud and grateful for their struggle until we got our own state known as Meghalaya.
Besides, he said that the party will also help as much as possible to create opportunities for the youth of the jaidbynriew to get treatment and get rid of this drug addiction.
Marak, who is a Soil Officer in Baghmara, was on his way to work in a Bolero when the attackers opened fire with heavy weapons and killed him. one wheel of the vehicle, which he was riding.
They are Lamsing Kharsyntiew, Vice President, Therbak Marbaniang, Secretary, Women Wing, Balari Syiemlieh, Vice President, Nanelda Khardewsaw Adviser, R Lyngdoh and Clara K. Mawlong. Secretary, M Marbaniang Treasurer, Perisha Lyngdoh and Manisha Khongwir, Assistant Social Secretaries;
When I asked them what the dish was, they told me it was chicken, which was flavored with ayurvedic vegetables.
Bah Jyllud, also known as David Lyngdoh, has been arrested since July 26, 2014 on charges of robbery and robbery of women when he entered their homes to commit robbery.
He thought again of the words he had spoken to her and she was shocked.
Various meetings and inspections were conducted during this period, including the inspection of Public Sector Banks by the Minister in charge of Finance, Zonal State Reviews across the country in various places. Dr. Bhagwat Kishanrao Karad, Minister of State for Finance, Minister of State for Finance, Manoj Joshi, Secretary MoHUA and Vivek Joshi, Secretary, DFS. He said that this partnership has helped in the release of 65.75 lakh loans, which has benefited more than 50 lakh street vendors, worth more than T 8600 crore.
Rupang spoke to Bah THS Bonney, one of the former officers of the Forest Department, who is from the Orissa Cadre, while commenting on these trees, he said that the government should set up a The four-member committee, which will include Defense Ministry officials, the Deputy Commissioner, a policeman and a government official, will travel from one place to another to inspect the trees. , which are dangerous and will destroy them and this action, will not cause any opposition, because these trees, are dangerous to the people.
Nongbri Brothers Football Club beat Se Lajong Football Club 6-5 goals to win the title. lastly.
The decline of human beings in morality, knowledge of man, knowledge of God and in all aspects although we have advanced well in knowledge is because many of them do not know the true foundation of knowledge, they have fallen asleep. Therefore, the price of human life has decreased on this day in all aspects.
It is to be recalled that on 19th November, 2023, Dr. Sangma showed a photograph inside the Legislative Assembly in which it was seen that the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, who was photographed with Henry Lalremsanga.
According to her, on hearing the news of his arrest, they went to meet the Deputy Commissioner and the DC ordered them to go to the police.
“Since ancient times, these Khasi villages under the Raid Nongung are not part of Block-II but due to the border crossing of Assam, these villages have been forcibly included in the Block. -II," said Mr. Sohtun.
Therefore, once again, the Dorbar Shnong Thangraiñ appeals to all the residents of the State not to accept this statement by the Home Minister and as the Shnong Thangraiñ, it has no knowledge or recognition of this person. (L) Shidorki is a Dkhar and has nothing to do with Thangraiñ.
“We need leaders in our own state without insulting others so that we can have peace.
“When the coal mining was going well, I used to drive trucks and now since the NGT has banned coal mining, I have lost that job to support my family. I have planted Sohsaw now and I think it is useful,” said Salan Pakyntein from Wahiajer.
It is faith that can deliver you from all these things.
Kerala Blasters took the lead in the 15th minute through Kwame Peprah.
“To fulfill the wish of the mother, children, don't forget,” said the father. “I am also glad that my mother said, so don't listen too much to that poverty.
We have the Metor Area and the grounds of the House of Representatives that have been destroyed by fire.
The righteous judgment is the right judgment, We don't see anymore now;
Speaking on the occasion, the former Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Laborios Syiem, said that there are people who have traveled all over the world who dare to say that they have not seen God, but u He also quoted a statement by a scientist who said, “How can we understand the complexity of the entire universe? understand the greatness of the Creator of our Lord, if we cannot yet understand and explain the divine nature of His creation here in heaven and on earth.
Police have received a tip that some members of the GNLA are planning to set up a camp in Nangalbibra, South Garo Hills.
BJP leaders have lodged a complaint with the police over the killing of Umesh Prahladrao Kolhe, alleging that he was killed as a threat.
Three workers were killed when a truck heading from UP to Hyderabad overturned in Madhya Pradesh last night.
He said that the Hima will send a letter to the Municipal to inform the discussion and if it needs financial assistance.
There is a strong thought when entrusted to the authority of the syiemblei to cleanse, to remove all the plagues of disease, illness or any other illness in the family. , you live together.
“The NPP welcomes former Mawsynram MLA Bah Himalaya M Shangpliang to the NPP family. Bah Hima is a working leader. He will be a strong supporter of the NPP in carrying forward our Mission & Vision for Meghalaya”.
Similarly, the election of MLAs and MDCs should be based on money.
In 2010, four Khasi elders were killed in Langpih and dozens of others were injured.
Those who are still undergoing treatment are 90,0
However, they should know that it is the Longkmie who have the honor of building the jaid ka khong and who maintain the Riti Dustur.
There were certain fines, which were more than the value of the car too".
Laloo had already made such a promise in front of the leaders of AMSSASTA in July this year when the Association went to meet inside his office. The government has promised to do something soon (by all means) by August to increase the salaries of 4th teachers but nothing has been done yet.
The Benami Act is a law to prevent businesses in the name of others to hide their assets and avoid paying taxes to the Government.
The KSU has expressed its surprise how these foreigners can work freely without proper documents.
From that time on, death will flee from us, and there will be no more death to touch this death in the body.
In addition, Dr. Mebalarisha Paswet was awarded the PhD degree.
The treatment of cervical cancer is based on medication and surgery, and more information can be found on the website: ICMR has launched the National Cancer Registry Program in 1982 under the auspices of the National Center for Diseases Informatics and Research, Bengaluru.
The time has come for the candidates contesting the elections to the Legislative Assembly in 2023 to start entering the houses to ask for support and make promises that if they They will do this for the benefit of the people.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the HNYF-East Khasi Hills District Unit, Bah Blessed Son Dkhar, said, “We want to make it clear that the KHADC has spent T.12 crore. “Now to say, that so many crores have been spent, how can we believe, we have to go and see. “We have to see how the T.12 crore (which the KHADC has allocated) matches the expenditure on the Jingkieng Kalong,” said the Seng leader.
“If there is enough rainfall, especially as you know in Umïam Dam, the water level is very low.
The number of samples sent so far is 1,29,503, 1,24,315 negative and 743 results are pending.
If the state will experience a power outage as soon as the rainy season comes, it is time for the State Government to find ways and means to build power plants by seeking the cooperation of the landowners, the authorities. Hima, Village Authorities and various groups to raise awareness on the needs of the people as the use of electricity has increased over the months and years. This will cause problems to the people who need electricity 24 hours a day.
This time, it was said that the two tyngab, also have their own knowledge, which is different and that is that they can predict, the winners, in the World Cup, in this The winner of the World Cup will be scored on penalties.
The final match between Khliehmawlieh and Rangdajied will be played on Saturday, 17th of this month at the SSA Stadium. Mawlai SC beat Mawlai SC 3-1 in the first semifinal. At the start of the match, Mawlai SC won the first semifinal. plays well and seems to also be able to control the ball more.
“The goal of this club is five years, that is, within five years we will enter the national tournament again.
In connection with this incident, the police have conducted a thorough investigation and so far, the police have arrested two persons on suspicion of involvement. At the same time, the police are conducting a thorough investigation to find out if there are others involved. in this murder case.
Of these, 124 persons have been recovered after investigation.
Tynsong said that to prevent the spread of the disease throughout the state, the Department of Agriculture will declare Containment Zone for these areas affected by Afican Swine Fever. these areas prohibited the slaughter, sale and consumption of pigs.
Shillong: Eugeneson Lyngdoh, who has recently signed with Bengaluru FC, and Aiban Dohling, who has recently signed with FC Goa, on Thursday visited the opening ceremony of the 2013-2014 season. The Mission Football Grassroot Center scheme of the Sports Department of the State Government.
Explaining on this issue, Bah Myrsing said that as one of the residents of Block II, which is the border area where conflicts with Assam arise from time to time, he understands the problems. The residents of Langpih area are facing problems, but even though they are facing problems from time to time, they should understand that the peace and order among the residents is essential.
The organization also sends its condolences to the families of the victims.
I suggest to the government that as a rule, it should arrest all those involved in this incident and demand the arrear of the government for the past decades. go away".
On the other hand, the students of these schools also had the opportunity to visit the PS in Nognstoin where they were encouraged to have the spirit of patriotism as encouraged by these members who surrendered. you are alive.
It is our right to have the recognition of the Khasi language because we have our own state and because we don't want to speak the Assamese language.
Speaking during the election campaign in Nongkseh, Bah Ardent said that this statement of Bah Embhah is a very serious matter and disgraceful to him.
So why is it good? When anyone dies, we say a bad dark sad day because of the passing away or death.
It was witnessed that the streets of the temple were beautifully decorated with flowers and inside the temple there was a thanksgiving, tah tika and dhaga.
However, it was only a few minutes later in the 20th minute that Goa managed to turn the tide through Jobern Cardozo.
The High Court has also directed the Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills to hand over all the documents related to the incident to the CBI for further investigation.
The High Court, on the other hand, directed the plaintiffs to give information about the case to the defendants.
It was found that all these actions were excessive without complying with the rules of procedure or permission from the higher authorities.
Tura, Jymmang 30 : BJP MDC from Tura, Bernard Marak, has found the site for the construction of the museum of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) through RTI. MLA Thomas Sangma, but surprisingly, when he went to search at another place, the museum disappeared and another project came up called the Tribal Research Institute (TRI).
Let's not fight politics on this”.
Our party has appointed a woman as the president of India and elected a villager as the chief minister of the state,” she said.
Alleging that the state's resources have been looted, George also questioned the involvement of high level officials in driving the trucks carrying illegal coal.
Mukhramul H Sarkar scored 45 runs from 36 balls while Orlando Nongbri scored 97 runs for the loss of six wickets in 18.4 overs. Lumpaia Avengers took 3 wickets for 18 runs in 4 overs.
Madankynsaw Mowkyndeng, Maitchaphrang Mowtyrshiah and Madan Thadmuthlong won the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday.
There are those who allege that the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has given them too much power.
Nishanta Chakraborty continued to bat in the first innings and scored 35 runs.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, said that Hemanga Majumdar, 45, is a resident of Khanapara, Guwahati.
“Therefore, we hope to resolve this issue related to the water shortage faced by the residents of Tura,” he said.
Donboklang Thabah is a resident of Nongumlong Upper Shillong and one of the applicants for the job as a driver in the Planning Department.
If they need to register their land with the Syiems, they need to invest more money,” said the Congress MDC Jirang.
Who doesn't think about that??? The shortage of water in Umiam Dam will affect the residents of Shillong and surrounding villages.
The T.400 crore comes through the 0.5 per cent increase in remittances and through the amendment of the Meghalaya Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management (MFRBM) Act which was approved by the Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government after a meeting held today. long on Friday.
When asked whether after the MP elections, when the BJP won with dignity, there were those who came to join the party.
In connection with the incident, police have taken away the two brothers of the victim, Dondor Yndoh and Janki Yndoh, after questioning. They also found that the clothes and shoes of Dondor Yndoh were covered with blood.
Or don't get put ronsing here.
The Deputy Commissioner has directed the Food Safety Officer Ri Bhoi and The report sent by the FSO together with the magistrates to collect samples of water and food for testing and conduct an investigation into the incident.
He also directed the public to follow the rules of prevention and control of the spread of Covid-19 which include keeping a distance of 3 feet from each other, not to spread. in public places and should also wash their hands regularly with soap and water or sanitizer especially before touching their eyes, nose and mouth.
The suspects are still being investigated, and the investigation is ongoing to determine whether they have been involved with other gangs in other countries in connection with this case, police said. .
The two groups also sent their condolences to the families of the victims.
God has instituted only one test to demonstrate obedience.
The State Government has directed the entry gates of the State that all those who have passed through or entered the United Kingdom during these four months must undergo an RT-PCR test before being allowed to enter the State. enter the state.
“I received a last minute invitation after I returned from the Legislative Assembly on Thursday,” said Bah Shullai.
Other views on the UCC that are not related to this principle are merely political motives for their own gain.
The SDEO East Jaintia Hills District has already sent a team to inspect the school.
The Ayush Health & Wellness Center under the National Ayush Mission has the Common Yoga Protocol.
After the arrest of these youths, the President of the Seng Samla Mawprem, Bah Tansuk Toi, said that the residence of the MDCs of KHADC, Bah Tansuk Toi, has turned into a residential area. drug drinking place for young people and how it has become a den of evil.
In the morning, when they were drinking, the father asked the world what had happened.
Rahul Gandhi today met with Congress supporters at the Chutwakhu Legislative Assembly in Jowai.
Therefore, we remind the government to implement the ILP, NRC and other National Security Acts in the state as soon as possible.
He said that the youths who were in the area where he was arrested were drug dealers and drug users.
The man's name was Zacchaeus.
We are no longer surprised why the BJP government has to borrow about Rs 1,23,414 crore from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to expand its party in all the states of the country.
The celebration will begin with a prayer at 8 pm at Ïing Seng Mawkhar and the launch of the Lama Seng.
One of the elders said that fathers, especially those who are the heads of the household, should not show off in front of their children how much they earn because this also misleads their children and the feeling of wealth. their pride brings pride.
The country has made progress in developing electricity generation from non-fossil sources, building a unified national grid and strengthening electricity supply.
Rahul Gandhi's visit to Meghalaya is part of the Congress party's objective to raise public awareness on many of the issues facing the people known as the 'Bharat Jodo Nyay Yatra' in Khasi it is also known as the march for unity and fighting for the rights of the people in India.
It is alleged that the mob ordered the family members of Bah Lambha to hand over Bah Yesly, son of Bah D Nongdhar, Bah Besly and others.
“However, in view of what has happened in the Dorbar Synrai of the Legislative Assembly which has just ended in recent days, the Forum has seen that there has been no firm decision of this The present government to suspend the casino and to repeal the Meghalaya Gaming Regulation Act
The reasons for this are many but the most important is the distance of the market from the farmers and for a few crops they don't feel comfortable taking them north because the fare alone is high.
Regarding the issue of unemployment, the Minister urged them not to rely only on government jobs but to seek various opportunities by taking advantage of government schemes including the newly launched scheme. CM-ELEVATE and others who have focused on employment opportunities in many sectors including agriculture, livestock, tourism and others.
Shillong, Naitung 05: “The Nongkrem UDP has welcomed Bah HS Shylla to the party before the mid-term MDC elections because the Nongkrem UDP has told us that the present Shylla is no longer the former Shylla”. Dr Donkupar Roy said that the party believes in the resignation of Bah Shylla from the UDP Nongkrem circle and accepts it. but as it turns out, Bah Shylla is still the old man and not the new Shylla.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Croning Khongtani, Rangbah Shnong, said that these stones were built by the ancients to serve as a resting place when they went to Pynursla market and also when they brought. to the goods of the market.
It was not until the arrival of the fire brigade that the fire was extinguished and it was seen that the houses and shops were completely burnt down.
The percentage is long.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, has launched the operation of the Government Media Vehicle for the implementation of various Government schemes.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Sikkim by 66 runs in the Ranji Trophy match played at Mangaldai, Assam today.
Sharad is a great leader and I want to meet and talk about politics and I agree with what Sharad says.
Regarding another person who came with him, who is from Umtyrkhang village and who is under quarantine at Umjari village, the MDC said that they will take him away too. to complete the quarantine in his own village.
The union urges the government through the PWD department to repair both these bridges as soon as possible so that there will be no danger to the people.
The two Khasi youths were identified as Olningstar Snaitang and Diberious Marweiñ from Mawlan.
Each body belonged to a 40-50 year old man.
I'm more interested in it now..." Rida and Rymmuin turned around. While they were talking after the exam, there was only one friend who came and said, "Ri, look at me, but I don't care. Panah's love for Mei.
Sohmynting beat Lutituber, Ialong 1-0 in the first division football tournament 2023 at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Saturday.
“Speaking on the NPP's decision to remove the ticket of the incumbent MLA of Phulbari, SG Esmatur Mominin, Conrad said that the removal of the ticket is because the MLA has not fulfilled his duties properly. the people were killed.
Because of her hard work in the field of education, she has made a great contribution to NEHU and the state of Meghalaya as well.
On the other hand, the JSTCA congratulated the MLA for turning to the drivers and providing these assistance at such a time which is a blessing to every driver.
Books help to give us a better life, happiness, wisdom and also fill our minds.
“Does Linda know how they are at home...” asked Bahnah. “They are fine...” replied Deisy. “Let's go to Mylliem or Linda's house.
The party also sends its condolences to her husband, children and relatives and prays that God will bless and bless them for the rest of their lives.
According to the residents, up to two meters have been tried.
“There will come a time when the Prime Minister and all the MLAs will have to go and request the government to increase the electricity bill because they are afraid of losing the election,” said Bah Arju. on the price of the software of the Smart Meter which she wants to buy by saying that it doesn't happen easily that the software alone will reach that price.
On the closing day of the Convention at 9:30 pm, the Holy Mass was celebrated by the Bishop of Nongstoin Diocese, Most Rev. Wilbert Marweiñ.
The IDFC Foundation will collaborate to install the solar panel at the site.
The Chinese army yesterday handed over the bodies of many soldiers to India.
“Let your journey be, you will be able to play well and showcase your talent through the presence of the Lord from above and you will bring glory not only to yourself, but to the family, community, district and the state as a whole,” they said.
Speaking to media, KSU War Jaintia President Laitphar Syngkrem said that on the 5th of this month at Bakur village, despite the patrolling of the BSF, Six Hindu Bangladeshis have entered India under the leadership of Suman Baishnav, who lives in Assam and works in Lad Rymbai.
“Don't waste your vote because you have no intention of supporting the TMC or other parties.
Not less than 2000 people attended the rally with placards and banners with slogans in support of Dr. Mukul Sangma.
“The government does not want to pass an ordinance by introducing a bill,” he said.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Mariahom Kharkhrang, said that three companies of the Meghalaya Police (MLP) have been deployed to patrol the rally.
At present, the situation in Ichamati and Dalda has upset the residents especially the foreigners.
These Village Leaders also expressed their satisfaction that the residents of these four villages and including the various churches in these four villages and the TULBA from Ri Bhoi have been quick to respond. They also hope that with the cooperation of the people or various groups before Sunday, they will be able to complete the repair of the stadium. The General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of India will not be disrupted.
Shillong: The village leaders of Mawrashe and Mawnianglah villages have expressed their confidence after the news from the MLA of Mylliem Constituency, Bah Hamletson Dohling who is also the Minister in charge of Community and Rural Development (C&RD) The State Government has suspended the plan of the Eastern Air Command (EAC) to acquire the land of the Forest Department in the village.
Now there are two or three other reasons, the belief in the false news created by the National Parties that the same party should rule in Assam, Meghalaya and India, otherwise it will not be possible. to set boundaries.
Shillong, November 28: The body of former MLA and Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Friday Lyngdoh was laid to rest at the Mawkhar Balang Cemetery on Monday.
The tournament will start next month and Meghalaya has also had the opportunity to compete for the first time in the biggest cricket tournament in the country.
Speaking to media, u Bah Lahkmen said that the meeting will be held as part of the issuance of documents for the strengthening of the border. between the border dispute with Assam.
Ma Lamphrang Pohktai in his keynote address said that the purpose of the Dorbar Shnong is to encourage and motivate the employees of JMB as well as the ASHAs who are the frontline workers in the fight against COVID-1
After the meeting, teachers, officers and students planted tree seedlings around the school.
He has been driving the car of Bah Hoping since
The SP said that vehicles will be temporarily suspended for 30 minutes during the arrival of the President on the 16th of this month.
He said the NEC Year Book – 2024 was released today.
Lum Tyngngaw is tall and surrounded by beauty that can be attracted or destroyed through the beauty to the utmost.
On the 23rd, Shibun Lyngdoh will pay tribute to Vajpayee at Nongpoh, Ribhoi District at 1 pm, and at 4 pm, a special memorial service will be held at the BJP office by party members.
All Jaintia CA won the toss and elected to bat first by scoring 174 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 35 overs.
Bah Nongrum said the state government should appoint all these women who have passed the DSC examination. job after they pass the exam," he said.
The departure of Bah Hilarius Warbah is personal and will not affect the supporters of the H.S.P.D.P. The reason for his departure is due to the refusal to get a ticket from the H.S.P.DP for the bye election. to the District Council.
She said that children need to be treated and protected.
“The government cannot do anything quickly if it intends to allocate land and it has to do this through public consultation if there is such a thing,” said Bah Lyngdoh. “It's a good idea to intimidate the people,” said the Mylliem MLA.
Ukraine, on the other hand, claims to have shot down seven Russian warplanes as they flew over the country's border.
Shillong, November 4: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers' Association (MEPA) has strongly opposed the decision of the Government of India to ban NDTV from broadcasting for 10 days. MEPA, on the 9th of this month, has demanded that the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting should not revoke the order completely.
The Dorbar Kur Ryntathiang congratulates and congratulates them as well, and will continue to create opportunities in the upcoming Dorbars to honor those members of the Kur who have made a name for themselves in good deeds.
Wushu : Different districts have won the Wushu tournament held at Don Bosco School, although East Khasi Hills is still the district with the most wins.
On behalf of the Dorbar Shnong Lama, we would like to clarify that it is not true as there are rumors that there is a virus in Lama Shnong written by anonymous people on watup and social media; We on behalf of the village strongly urge any person not to write kulmar without getting true information and we urge the law enforcement authorities to investigate these people and punish them according to the law. Nio Rymbai, Village Headman and Eladmi Suchen, Village Secretary.
The decision was taken at the Cabinet meeting on Monday.
“The statement in the RTI issued by the DSEO and made public by Bah D.Rani is misleading because I did not order as alleged in the newspapers,” he defended himself.
The incident happened on Sunday evening at the Juvenile Home on Nainagarh Road, police said.
He said that the development will also result in the destruction of trees and quarrying.
On the other hand, the SP has submitted the report to the Dorbar Shnong so that those who are looking for a house can get it.
So if the land belongs to China, how come our soldiers are killed? Where are they killed,” Rahul said on Twitter on Saturday.
Women, don't be afraid that our men and women are one.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Madanrting is a village in Shillong but it is unfortunate that Madanrting is not much different from other rural villages in terms of development and welfare of the people.
So I said I would send a letter but it didn't work,” said Granarysterfield Thangkhiew.
Khliehriat, July 26: Members of the Jaintia National Council (JNC) led by the President, Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh today visited Topcem Company and met with the officials of the company. The company has demanded that those involved in the protest in Thangskai on the 24th of this month should be expelled immediately.
According to the voice of the people at the meeting held at the Maraikaphon Dorbar Hall, the suspended Syiem should remove the tala, but later the voice came out that it was not right to do so. , but the lock should be closed and another lock should be opened so that the Syiem who has been suspended will open the office to receive the necessary documents. Freeman came to open the office this morning at 7 o'clock (as reported by the guards in the King's office).
In this match, both the teams had each other chances to score and also scored one goal before the end of the first half.
The meeting was conducted by Bah DM Wahlang, DC, West Jaintia Hills District and welcomed by Bah AW Lanong, Judicial Magistrate 1st Class Amlarem Sub Division.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District was also present at the visit. “We don't know why he came and what he did,” he said.
According to the Executive Chairman of MoBOSE, EP Kharbhih, the Board is also preparing to increase the marking of teachers by 20 percent from the short questions.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Bihar by 10 innings and 239 runs in the first leg of the tournament. The U-23 Col CK Nayudu Trophy was held today in Patna.
School offices shall be open three times a month at a capacity of 30 percent of the staff.
Did the Prime Minister at that time arrest those Assam policemen who shot?
The Central Government has also supplied 30,000 MT of rice to the Government of Manipur during the crisis for 3 (three) months – July, 2023 to April, 2023 for those who have not benefited from the NFSA. The storage capacity of 9 storage facilities is 30600 MT which is sufficient for the supply of 12000 MT per month under the NFSA and 6500 MT for those who do not benefit from the NFSA. The department is looking for other opportunities for the delivery of food items through Dimapur, Silchar and Bairabi to Manipur and the import of 25500 MT of rice to the state before the end of July
TUR says that we need an India that rules fairly, protects the rights and promotes the minorities and tribals as enshrined in the Constitution.
Maremdor tied 34 runs off 26 balls and Namewanki scored 12 runs not out.
Finally, we would like to request all those who attended this service to respect the orderly management of the Church, the Village Kharang, the traffic police and volunteers.
HK Singh Secondary School beat Myngken Higher Secondary School (Ri-Bhoi) 3-2 to reach the final.
Anyone who violates this order will be punished under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code.
Similarly, the prophet Micah prophesied, “But thou, Bethlehem Ephratah, though thou be little among the thousands of Judah, yet out of thee shall he come forth unto me that is to be ruler in Israel; whose goings forth are from everlasting, from everlasting.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 02: Four Congress candidates including Dr Celestine Lyngdoh from Umsning Constituency, Charles Marngar from Mawhati, Stanlywis Rymbai from Umroi and Rona Khymdeit from Nongpoh today completed their nomination papers. They have registered their names before the Returning Officers at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District for the purpose of contesting the 2023 Legislative Assembly elections, in the presence of their relatives.
The agreement led to the death of the writer in Patna, where the writer died immediately after the writing.
Not only that, when there is no culture, even the customs and traditions that bind together the unity are lost and the purity of the Jaidbynriew is also lost.
They said that the garbage arrives twice a month and when the garbage arrives they separate the rotten and non-rotten garbage and collect it in one place. from perishable waste where the fertilizer can be used by the farmers in the village for planting and burial.
“I have been selling goods for 18 years and walking on foot. I don't find anyone who throws me on the road and I get home safely,” she said.
Shillong, July 02 : The 2nd Meghalaya Open Table Tennis Cash Prize Tournament 2023 was held on Thursday at the Indoor Stadium of the club in Laban.
It encourages us if we read the paths it has taken.
The poem 'Ki Sngi ba la leit noh' is a poem in which Soso Tham remembers the joys and happiness of his childhood and youth in Sohra.
There will also be prizes for the first, second and third place winners along with gifts for the next nine.
Before that Flood, the Israelites were commanded to build the Third Temple in Jerusalem on the Temple Mount.
He said that from SSA teachers, ASHAs and MeECL employees including single women have faced problems in this government.
This has been announced but those in power have turned a blind eye, they too know that there are problems, but they don't want to listen to the complaints of the people and they pay more attention to the explanations of the departments. and groups such as Dalberg, IDinsight and Policy Aayog.
Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, Director General, World Health Organization (WHO) through the BBC, has appealed to all countries of the world to be well prepared to protect themselves from the Coronavirus which has so far spread. worked in 77,150 people in China alone and 2592 deaths; in South Korea and Italy it has worked well and elsewhere.
In the evening, Rev Fr Manbha Pakem conducted a sermon and sacrament.
The driver of the Alto 800 was identified as Meialamki Shylla of Umsalait.
He said that in Meghalaya, the central government has allocated special funds of up to Rs 2 lakh for one poor family to build good houses.
The KSU leader said that the KSU does not accept the request of the dealer because the distance of the stock is only about 300 meters to the shop. The dealer said that he wanted to go and put the rice but the rice had already been weighed before being put in the shop.
In a statement, NPP MLA James K Sangma said that the incident of rape of two brothers is a shame especially as it happened in his constituency. the Prime Minister.
If you’re talking about violence, you’re in prison.
The only MLA of the KHNAM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has expressed his desire to contest from the Voice of the People Party (KHNAM). The party is a new political party but its leader Bah Ardent M.Basaiawmoit and some of the office bearers have been involved in politics for many years.
JOWAI After Bewithus Sympli's goal in the 71st minute, Diengshynrum beat Pamrakmai Sports Club 1-0 to qualify for the final of the 2nd Division Football Tournament. The tournament was organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA).
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Thadlaskein Unit on Saturday donated relief goods to people with disabilities and children in Lad Mukhla.
The BSF arrested the three persons while they were coming out of the forest near the Inspection Bungalow and were trying to board a Tata Sumo parked nearby.
Tynsong said he has directed the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, SC Sadhu to convene a meeting of all the groups as the land belongs to the Defense Estate Office, Guwahati. you are the land of the containment board.
When asked whether the Congress in Umroi Constituency has been affected, the Congress leaders in Umroi Constituency said that the Congress in Umroi is still strong and has not been affected at all. supporters remain loyal to the Party.
If a marriage breaks down, it discourages and destroys hope for a bright future for the children.
Other sources said that so far, the inspection by the Municipal officials has started and is ongoing.
She urged these communities to live together and love each other and to resolve all the misunderstandings as they used to live together in other states. in the northeast.
When asked what the Chief Minister has promised, Charles said that Conrad K Sangma has promised to talk to the Chief Minister of Assam to resolve this issue. live peacefully within the border area.
On the other hand, the party has warned that if this happens again, the party will take other measures.
Shillong: The Congress Meghalaya today expressed its strong opposition to the excessive price hike of petrol and diesel in the country, which has affected lakhs of people in the state.
This area is located on the border of North River Mynkhen, East Luti Khangkhra, South Lum Mynksiang Lum Lyndaw and West Lum Forest District Council.
Some of them were injured and taken to hospital for examination.
According to the statement, according to the rules of the Election Committee headed by the Chairman of the JHTOA, only those truck owners whose names are on the list of the JHTOA are allowed to register. Many truck owners of Jaintia Hills to register as candidates.
At the end of the competition, Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat became the winner of the singles competition against the Women's Church of Mawkyrwat Presbytery Higher Secondary School. Mawlangwir Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat won the women's category.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) on Monday removed the flag which has been erected at Nongtalang CHC for nine months after the Ambulance 108 was brought back to Amalarem Sub Division.
The price of this sohmyn ken has increased in the past month.
The speakers strongly opposed the Aadhaar Number because they said that by using the Aadhaar Number, it will reveal all the secrets of a person. it is a matter of human rights.
“Personally, if the UCC is to implement Modi's statement – ​​one nation, one language, and one religion in the country, there will be chaos, division among the nations. different-looking.
Luke 19:40.
The Mumbai Traffic Police has collected Rs 579 crore in revenue since the implementation of the E-challan System in 2019, and the amount collected till 20th November this year has been long by T.46 crore more than in
According to the announcement of the KHADC, those who have taken the tribe of their father are no longer eligible for the Scheduled Tribe Certificate.
Shillong: There have been 411 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 707 recoveries.
Let’s get rid of religious pride, because nobody knows for sure what’s next.
We request the government to look into the status of this department so that it will benefit the youth of the state,” said the youth. Choudhury has also fled the Institute and is now being managed by a doctor, while Shipra is a person who is not qualified to manage.
New Delhi: The Government of India is understood to have enacted the Uniform Civil Code (UCC).
In response to this incident, the government will provide assistance to the victims.
Tennydard said that on 19th July 2018, the Supreme Court had refused to grant a share of the husband just because she gave birth to a Scheduled Caste person. , that nationality is based on birth and not on marriage.
The Thangbhula in Nongtalang Village is located near the Nongtalang Football Ground, behind the Nongtalang College and is usually completed in November.
However, the path to peace is not faithful.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) today met with the Chairman of the Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills, Bah Paul Lyngdoh to request the State Government to take action with the Election Commission of India (ECI). regarding the number of people who have received two EPICs in Langpih.
They were married in 2017 and for the first time, he saw that his wife had screamed when she saw the niang kalaw in the house and this frightened everyone in the house. After that, she didn't want to go back into the room.
The Dorbar Shnong said that on the 20th of November, the Shnong had gone to close down the factory while the authorities could not bring back the Longkmie and the suspected kidnapper. that the factory closed the door the next day.
The aim of this orientation program is to empower the students to better understand how to mine information sources using digital.
However, on this issue, it is encouraging to know that there are many posts which have been vacant for many years especially in Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong: CoMSO Leader Roberjune Kharjahrin has rejected Dr Mukul Sangma's claim that the Inner Line Permit (ILP) cannot prevent the entry of foreigners.
Shillong, Lber 8: Hadrian Lyngdoh, MDC from Mawkyrwat, has joined the Congress party after sending his resignation letter from the UDP and ARPA. Hadrian's plan to join the Congress is not only this time when his seat in the KHADC has been lost but it is a long-standing plan, which the MDC from Mawkyrwat has planned to do. Pyniaid Sing Syiem urged Adelbert to form the PDF, but Pyniaid Sing Syiem's ​​change of words to the PDF has caused Hadrian to remain silent for a while.
The aim is also to ensure that every citizen receives the benefits through these development projects.
“We have a responsibility to you and your family and we want to help you so that you and your families can get the benefits you deserve.
When asked how they have instructed the staff to assist the patients who come for treatment at the hospital, the management said that they have instructed all the staff to assist the patients and He also paid tribute to the people who came for treatment at the hospital.
His body was found dead.
On the other hand, the police have directed the government to be vigilant against the burning of goods such as vehicles and offices due to the curfew called by the civil society.
The preparation itself has been extensive, as there is a lot of work to be done, from the creation of a new platform and in these two days, the programs prepared have started with the performance. through the sound & light show of the documentary film Hok Ka Shi Kyntien, which has created and portrayed the origin of the human being of the Hynniewtrep people.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah HS Shylla has refused to apologize to the people living with HIV (PLHIV) and transgender people. (transgender) on their behalf, that he has spoken against them.
This is the word that we MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) do not agree with because the introduction of the word 'Village Council' will destroy the functioning of the Dorbar Shnongs. “We have Village Councils, we have to fight elections and our customs and traditions will change,” he said.
When asked, he said, “At Ganesh Das they tried to remove it, but they couldn't.
On Monday, the MPF submitted a petition to the Governor, KK Paul, saying that among other things, the involvement of politicians and insurgents should be investigated.
The first time was on the 6th July, 2015 when the residents of Raid Lyting and Nongsohphan villages were invited to come out to see the place where the signboard should be erected. They were ordered to wait at 11 pm but the NBCC and DC officials did not come to the scene without informing them.
The officer under the DC has been directed to conduct a surprise inspection of the villages and submit a report to the DC on his findings so that the DC can submit a report. The petition was sent to the High Court.
Reliance Jio has the highest electricity bill among the tower companies that have been cut off due to non-payment to MeECL.
On the other hand, the RBYF and the village leaders also requested the government to take action especially the leader to provide a colorful road to the village for the benefit of the people and to facilitate traffic as the road should be. the budlum of the growth of the park.
He also demanded that there should be no compensation to those who have been affected by the covid 19 injection.
That which hath been is that which shall be; and that which hath been done, that shall be done: and there is nothing new under the sun" Ecclesiastes 1:9-1
He said that the people of Jowai should not hesitate to vote for the TMC as it cannot do anything.
By LKS “Bring that clean biscuit, Ban,” said the mother.
With this defeat, Nangkiew SC has lost four times in a row and is currently in ninth position alongside Nongthymmai SC in the points table.
However, there are some schools here and there which have ignored the government's announcement.
It was decided to meet with the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri and the meeting will be led by the MLA of the constituency, Bah Ngaitlang Dhar.
Jowai, Lber 23: Due to the confusion between the ruling MDCs over the resignation of the CEM, Thombor, and this has turned into a Ludo game in which the Some MDCs have been shot dead while others have been able to climb the bridge.
The road from Pynursla to Nongshken (about 25 km from Pynursla) has been badly damaged these days.
On the other hand, he gave a special thanks to the teachers in the state as a whole, who teach at various levels, because despite the shortcomings in the field of education, but They do not back down from that, but continue with their duty which is to educate the children or to improve education in the state.
The shopkeeper sustained minor injuries and was released after receiving treatment and Lumdiengjri police are still searching for those involved in the robbery, police said.
Slamming the government of Conrad Sangma, the Congress Leader said that this agreement with Assam to resolve the border issue has moved many villages to Assam.
Abu Taher Mondal today launched a book titled “PR Kyndiah – As I Know Him” written by Andrew Simon, Commissioner & Secretary of the State Legislative Assembly.
The wickedness is not good.
In Mukhnang village, Waheh Shnong Lang Nongrum, Secretary Shnong Shngaiñ Pyrtuh and several parents of the disabled residents were also present.
Join Nagaland.
Among those who gave birth, there were 1300 children who were born inside vehicles across the state.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelberet Nongrum, said that the investigation into the allegation of corruption has been completed. The report shall be submitted to the House.
Franco Mulakkar, Bishop of Jalandhar, who was arrested on charges of raping a nun 13 times, said that his bail last month was valid. He admitted that his arrest was due to the pressure of the media and then to the protests of the Sisters and their supporters.
The meeting also discussed the implementation of schemes under the Women and Child Development Department of the Central Government, schemes for SC and ST and others.
When he was able to convert the Khasi, he began to promote the conversion of the Khasi by providing employment and by many means in which he was able to enslave the Khasi. the intellectual power of those who are stupid and to destroy the Khasi thought and replace it with foreign thought.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: U Minister of State and Congress Leader, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar today denied any involvement in the nomination of a candidate from Jowai against the incumbent MLA Dr Roytre Christopher Laloo.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the desire for innovation and science among the youth of the country comes from the success of these space-related activities.
Shelomi Syngkon, Clinical Psychologist was an expert and gave a training on mental illness related to adolescents including adults.
When asked whether the election of the Prime Minister would be based on the number of MLAs in Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Hills, Conrad said, “That was at that time.
The government of Hemant Soren has planned to implement 75 per cent employment opportunities for residents in companies in the region by
Rahul vowed to fight against the political tactics of the BJP. Indira Gandhi was assassinated by her followers. Rajiv Gandhi, who was killed by LTTE militants, said he had recently met with a Punjab MLA, during the height of the insurgency in Punjab. He said that the MLA had promised that if they had met 20 years ago, he would have killed the Congress leader.
On the other hand, the Chairman of the Health Advisory Board, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, urged the Government to allow the pharmacists to consult with those who have trained themselves in the field of pharmacy. and patient care.
Shillong: The BJP Meghalaya today said that it has exposed corruption in the Garo Hills District Council and Jaintia Hills District Council. who shall try to cover the eight miaw.
It is worth mentioning that Khat-ar-shnong, which is located in East Khasi Hills district, Meghalaya, has many other villages where the residents of the village kiss each other by kissing or kissing and talking to each other. of the Village of Kongthong.
The participation of other Christian church groups including non-Christians was very interesting.
If anyone has any information about the incident please call the OC Mawlai Police Station 03642575505 I/C Police Control Room Shillong 0364222214/2
Those in government think only of themselves.
The cologne and sugar that enter the stomachs of animals in their food are also water.
Other new names include Dawan Lyngdoh (Nartiang), Baiahunlang Makdoh (Mawhati), Bathok Nongmalieh (Jirang), Sunshine Makri (Umsning), Dr. Osaphi Jyrwa (Mawryngkneng), Mitchell Wankhar (Mylliem), Olan Sun (Mawsynram), Polestar Nongsiej (Nongstoiñ), Paul Lyngdoh (West Shillong) and Jemino Mawthoh (Nongthymmai).
However, two years later, Bah H.Brolding Nongsiej, Minister of Water Resources & Home Guard, Government of Meghalaya, promised to the people of the area on 19th October 2019 when he was invited as the chief guest at the The opening of the Rural Health Centre, now his promise has come true as the cleaning of the road has gone smoothly, in which five kilometers have been completed and the remaining is only about five kilometers. kilometers this this.
On the other hand, the CAG said that this shows that most of the money taken as loans has been used for the purpose of clearing other loans, and this could lead the state to failure. more to pay in the future.
The match today, 11th November will be between Chutwakhu and Dongmihsngi at 12 noon.
" The Minister said that the Government is looking into removing corruption, bringing ease of doing business and ease of life through new laws and therefore, the steps to curb the illegal census according to the law since the time of the authorities.
The NH 06 from Sonapur to Ratacherra has been blocked and there are many places where the road has been blocked.
The Bible Study will be held at Centenary Hall, Quallapatty, Shillong at 11:00 am.
(Retd) VK Datta, Senior Consultant, Revenue and Disaster Management Department, Government of Meghalaya, in the presence of KS Kropha, Principal Secretary and Kong L.Kharkongor, Commissioner & Secretary and Supervisors The mega mock drill will be held in June
Speaking to reporters, Ma Thombor said, “We will stand firm on the ground that our land should not be lost even for an inch since the council has already confirmed the boundary of the council.
She also urged the MP to join hands with other MPs to oppose the Bill so that it will not succeed.
She also praised the court for seeing the lack of a State Reservation Policy due to the lack of a Roster System which has been a great loss to the youth of Garo Hills.
Speaking on the occasion, the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, congratulated all the students who have completed various courses from the university and especially the two students who have been awarded special honours. Dr NN Dutta and Manash Choudhary for their service and contribution to the society in the field of literature and education.
Besides this issue, the meeting also discussed the delay of the Food Safety & Standard Authority in issuing the licenses of the dealers. The Asst. Commissioner of Food Safety Nongstoiñ and the Seng have also sent a letter to Bah SN Sangma Joint Commissioner Food Safety Nongstoiñ and also to the DC Supply Nongstoin.
The union requests clarification from the authorities at the entry point how these authorities can enter without being tested for covid19 and without proper documents.
However, Nongriat also needs more accurate electricity, clean drinking water, medicines for the sick, food, beverages and cheaper transportation.
That is with associations that encourage them not to lose hope even though they have failed but there is a new way.
If everyone starts doing that, tourists from across the sea will undoubtedly be the worldwide bearers of this traditional festival.
Besides, they expressed their regret that this place has never happened in the past, and urged that if there is a way, they should build a road.
He said that in Bangladesh, sohpha is considered as the soh of the country.
The PAC member expressed his surprise at the minister's statement on the progress of the work.
Studies have found that the antioxidants in these fruits can reduce inflammation and lower blood pressure which can help prevent high blood pressure.
The fine against her will also be based on her income and earnings, but the court has not yet decided how much she will have to pay for the fine.
In the rookie category, Juhbaitki Shylla won the title, Dameriki Paslein came second and Dachanmi Pariat came third.
Up to 46 candidates have applied for the post and on 21st July, 2015 it was announced that the date of written test will be on 5th July, 2015 at BBS College. The full mark for the written test is 200 or 100 for English, General Knowledge and Legal Reasoning while 100 is for Law, Major Acts, Family Law, Customary Law and Sixth Schedule under Constitution.
Shillong: Two Government vehicles have caught fire near the District Transport Officer (DTO) Shillong today. that article that time.
If you have any of these symptoms, you should immediately consult a doctor for timely treatment.
According to the religious leaders, the main issues raised before the BJP leader were the persecution of Christians, the burning of churches, schools across India and On the other hand, the religious leaders have requested the BJP leader to take the message to the BJP government led by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi to provide special protection. Christians in India.
"More than 2,000 people were examined in this survey.
However, nothing has been done, and it is for this reason that the villages and people from these two places still have to stay in Assam.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War, on Tuesday said that the final decision to take the examinations for the SSLC and HSSLC will be taken by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. it is on the 30th of this month.
Another thing found at the site is a viewpoint built specially next to a tall stone called the View Point.
In the women's singles category, Sejjal Joshi and Shettal Joshi (EKH) won by Elsarica Umdor and Sonnal Joshi (EKH).
“It's not only good but it helps the body too, father,” explained the husband. “You also eat only this one because it's like that,” said the father. "Yes, it's time," said the father. "Yes, it's time," said the mother. "Night for those who are old and young is bedtime, but for children who are still growing up, it's time to sleep. when they are in the world, and gradually they seem to have forgotten the time of sleep.
Shavian Blah took 2/21 in 15.5 overs, Angkit Tamang 2/55 in 12 overs and Balgrik Sangma 1/12 in 3 overs.
Of course, we need a leader who advocates for the group.
The Rangbah Shnong alleged that Bah Erwin had published his name as the Rangbah Shnong by saying that the Rangbah Shnong should have been searched and warned.
This was stated at the celebration of World Human Rights Day at Ganesh Das Hospital, Shillong today.
In 1984, the Ministry of Education of Meghalaya was separated from the Ministry of Education to establish its own Arts and Culture Department. literature, performing arts and visual arts which will become the foundation for the Sahitya Akademi for Literature in India. Sangeet Natak Academy for colour and Lalit Kala Academy for literature.
“You need to send people who can stand alone in the House and ask the government not to fight with the Constitution of the country because this Constitution binds us as one country.
In a statement, Asstt.
“The purpose of the Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana (PMMY) is to provide loan opportunities for small businesses in the country. the way that is free from the jnit ki jnat.
Six students of Sngap Syiem College have won gold medals in the NEHU Inter College Athletics Championships 2023, four males and two females.
He added that the party expects the leaders of this unit to take responsibility as full members of the party to look after the welfare of the people in Jirang. and the party expects these leaders to use their leadership skills properly and not for personal gain and to work hard for the welfare, development and progress of their people. “They should be the masters of their own state,” he added.
She said that the preventive measures are to drink 2 liters of water a day, avoid eating beef, avoid dairy products, stop drinking alcohol and stop smoking cigarettes or alcohol.
Their meeting was when John, Dorothy's son, met Rola at work as a housekeeper and thought that Rola was the right person to love and love. He said that his mother used to dance every month at the Polka in Marysville and Rola accepted John's invitation and there they got to know each other and started dancing. he loved him.
The Minister said that there are about 15,000 farmers in Meghalaya who have submitted their applications.
Sanbor will contest against incumbent MP Vincent H Pala and MDA joint candidate Dr. Sanbor H. Pala. Jemino Mawthoh and KHNAM candidate Bah TH Bonney.
At the same time, they will discuss the welfare of the workplace, the retirement age for the benefit of the children, the strengthening of cooperation with the government and others.
These villages are the strongholds of the UDP”.
“The farmers have complained that besides harvesting the kriah, they have harvested 5-6 kilos.
The books that should be read here should be written by people who know so that what is in the book can be applied in everyday life.
“We are taking the incident very seriously and the investigation is ongoing and we have arrested two persons and we are ensuring that justice will be done for the victims,” James said.
They were involved in the theft of money registered under Rynjah PS Case No.207(11)15 u/s 457/380 IPC. 36,000 from the office of Synroplang Self Help Group, SPTS Office, Mawpat on 21st July,
“The Central Government has imposed a requirement on the State Government since November 2013 to take adequate measures to recruit full time employees but till now the State Government has not done anything and has suspended “It's a good idea to have this issue,” said the President of AMMPWA, Bah J Lyngdoh.
These are two examples that prove that while those who are light have become brighter, those who are still in darkness are still happy to remain in their darkness.
There was no disturbance during the stoppage of the residents of Lapangap and the Assam road workers obeyed and collected their belongings and left the area.
It is true that the 4-lane road in Ri Bhoi has been a great blessing to the passengers, but on the other hand it has been a threat to the pedestrians. Along the road, due to the lack of proper signboards showing the Speed ​​Limit, vehicles should drive slowly, such as in urban areas, markets, schools and so on, he said. to Bah Marcus Marten.
Therefore, he also congratulated them to continue to work hard so that the sports industry in the district will continue to grow through the presence of trained referees.
Besides, the report said that the absence of UC shows that it cannot be verified whether the beneficiaries have used these benefits properly or not.
Before this film, Salman will be preparing for the release of Tiger 3 on Diwali this year and Samantha has just finished acting in Kushi with Vijay Deverakonda. you are at the Citadel with Varun Dhawan.
This road is used by these villages to go to market and farm, said the Waheh Shnong.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) has strongly condemned the Congress' statement that the Tura MP and NPP President is led by the BJP and RSS and should go to church to read the Bible. Replying to Congress MP Sushmita Dev's recent statement, NPP President Dr WR Kharlukhi said that the Congress leader's statement is a mistake. There is no respect for the people of Meghalaya.
The department said that according to the population of the state, about 32,000 metric tonnes of fish should have been produced and therefore, there is a shortage of 13,000 metric tonnes.
During the time of the British rule, these countries had their own Hima-did the Hima have its own border?
The Government of India has been given two weeks to respond.
In another report, Ziad al-Nakhala, the leader of the militant group, claimed to have kidnapped 30 Israelis and are currently in custody in the Gaza Strip.
The highways are desolate, and the streets of the city are desolate;
Reports spread through social media, said that the people were angry with the TMC's ticketing of these two MLAs who left along with 10 other MLAs from the Congress to the party. TMC. Furthermore, it is learned that the supporters of these two MLAs, have been angry since the day the TMC announced its candidate on the 6th of this month, but they have been waiting for the day when the founder of the TMC Mamata Banerjee and General Secretary Adhishek Banerjee arrived in Garo Hills yesterday and in the evening they took to the streets with the slogan “Go Back.
MeECL Friends United (MFU) a group of football players serving as engineers, officers and staff of MeECl have honored Phrangki Buam before he left to join his new club FC. Goa.
NASA vehicles, which are currently on Mars, have been able to photograph the golden rocks on Mars.
Of these 19 cases, 6 cases were reported in Meghalaya, 3 cases in Mizoram and 10 cases in Tripura. One person has been killed in police custody in West Jaintia Hills.
Meghalaya have won three times since the start and are top of Group B. They had to face Kerala who top Group A in the last semifinal. I lost and didn't reach the final.
Felicia Sympli and Russia Dkhar scored a hat-trick at the start of the 2nd (L) Women's Memorial Trophy.
So far, 36,80,741 people have been infected.
Madan Heh-Mawlai, July 28: The Under 14 football team of ïewrynghep Sec.School has continued its journey by winning once again against the players of OM Roy Memorial Hr Sec. School to qualify for the semi final of the Subroto Mukherjee Cup
The waiter asked his family and friends to hurry up but they didn't believe him. After this he became angry and started shouting at one of the waiters by following him and asking where he was. your manager has.
Furthermore, the services in Iawmusiang have also been reduced in number and only less than 40 participants will be present.
BD Mishra assumed office as the Governor of Arunachal Pradesh on 3rd March,
In the second half, Khliehmyntriang SC through Generous Siangshai scored the first goal in the 48th minute. Sanhame Bareh scored the third goal for Rymbai Madanpynriang SC in the 52nd minute and Rappormi Dkhar scored the third goal for Rymbai Madanpynriang SC in the 68th minute. .
MC Mary Kom, L Sarita Devi and Milind Soman will take part in the event while the players of Shillong Lajong FC will take part in the race.
He said that the allocation for MGNREGS and for rural development works has been accounted for.
Twenty-three senior Congress leaders have written to Sonia Gandhi, the party's chief leader, to replace the party leaders from top to bottom. sha owner duh.
Father John Albert Ryntathiang Parish Priest of Nongkasen Parish, Father Anselm Nonglang Vicar General, and other sisters, brothers and believers from different villages were also present to witness the celebration. Silver Jubilee and Consecration Day of St. John Mary Vianney Nongkasen Parish.
Also present were other leaders of the UDP and supporters of the UDPU. Bah Damien said that these 136 members have submitted their names to join the UDP. Not only from Nongkasen, but from other villages as well.
A small child is one who does not know how to judge, to judge, to judge others.
The new cases today are 10 BSF personnel in East Khasi Hills District and 2 civilians, one from abroad and one from Keeting Road.
“Many times I have asked the village leaders to register the land, but these village leaders have done wrong especially in the border areas which has made it difficult for the council to register the land,” said Ma CEM.JOWAI: Ka The 132nd Anniversary of the Unitarian Church in Jowai was celebrated with a lot of joy in which the faithful of the Church from morning till evening took part in the service.
“The actions of this thief have brought shame not only to his family, but to the clan, the village and the society as a whole,” said a leader of the Seng Samla Shnong.
Up to 74% of households in Meghalaya have access to water supply.
The Supreme Court has ordered the Government of India to ensure that this does not affect the public.
On the other hand, the party urged both the Khasi and Garo ethnic groups to oppose any wrong and biased decision of the government and to respect each other.
When asked about the zero accounts opened by the BJP-NDA Government, they said that the accounts are still zero and they are still waiting for the 15 lakh promised by the BJP leader. He congratulated the people of Ampati for electing a leader who has brought many benefits to the state especially to the poor and needy people. He said that as they have given their trust to Dr Mukul Sangma, they expect the wisdom of the voters to give their full support to Mrs Miani D Shira, the Congress candidate.
The Waheh Shnong of Namdong-A, Arki Sumer, said that after Dawan has submitted a letter to the village to contest the 2023 election, the village has welcomed the letter with joy. ask him to continue in this work.
Merkel, 66, was injected with AstraZeneca last June.
France on Tuesday evacuated 538 people from Sudan by plane, of whom 209 were French citizens and 329 from other countries. which included 5 Indians.
Shillong, June 11: The Union of Village Authorities (UVH) of Bri U Hynniewtrep, has congratulated and thanked the Dorbar Shnongs and their office bearers, who have taken responsibility in providing and distributing the relief goods. The assistance from the Leaders and the Government, in providing shelter to the refugees affected by the earthquake on the 5th of June, , has destroyed many houses, taken away belongings and damaged many villages in the Khasi Hills, in order for them to take temporary shelter.
Regarding the claim that it is a backward state, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) said that in the North East, Mizoram has exceeded Meghalaya by 11% in terms of growth. par according to the average.
“The question now is, are the political parties in the District Council and in the Government the same or their own? said Mr. Passah.
So foreigners came from other villages.
“The state government should release 2 lakh metric tonnes of coal so that the people who earn their living from the coal mining can earn a living during this time of lockdown,” said Leningstar Rymbai.
People who used to work with Phidalia Toi didn't know that she was a film maker.
However, as it is not yet the right time, they have to wait for the right time, perhaps six months or two,” he said.
From this year's tournament, the country's athletes have won 7 medals including 2 Silver and 5 Bronze medals.
The BSF delegation will be led by Dr. Sujoy Lal Thaosen, Director General, BSF while the Bangladesh delegation will be led by Maj. General AK Nazmul Hasan, Director General, BSF. General, Border Guard Bangladesh.
"Lum, take that food from the plate..." The mother ordered Lumspah to take and eat the food she had brought from the city.
What happened to those false leaders and idolaters, during the battle on Mount Carmel, God through Elijah killed all the false leaders, but God forgave the followers because they you have changed your mind.
Shillong: U Minister of Agriculture, Bah AL Hek, today said that the ban on fish or any foreign fish should be done by the government, not by the district authorities. that this is the policy of the government.
The statement said that according to the information of the union, the syllabus of the National Curriculum Frameworks (NCF) may also come in November this year.
In connection with this incident, the security forces have also arrested two persons suspected to be the owners of the plate containing pistols; However, until the time of receiving this news, it has not been possible to verify whether these people are the owners.
Tympang Tangliang scored three goals (14, 43,62), while Pyrkhatbha Paslein (53) and Wympher Tangliang (57) each scored three goals.
“We hope that the athletes from Meghalaya will win medals for the country in the 2036 Olympics.
The MLA said that the development of any village can come only through cooperation and urged everyone to cooperate in any work for the benefit of the people.
The truck (AS 01NC 5725) was carrying coal from Soo Kilo to Guwahati, but when it reached the Jowai Bypass near the petrol pump at Khliehtyrshi, it collided with a road and stopped.
We still think that Bah Pynshngain will contest the 2018 elections from his new party, as it has appeared in the newspapers,” said Bah David.
He or she should study and learn for the glory of the country.
He later appeared before the Rouse Court in Delhi for bail application and the hearing was scheduled for October
He said that in politics it does not mean that only the biggest party can do whatever it wants but it will have to seek the consent of all.
“Immediately, keeping in mind the darkness and the dense forest, a joint team comprising the State Police, local residents and BSF team took part in the search and rescue operation. the missing officer," he said.
Our house is seven o'clock...... our house is one o'clock.
The two arrested are identified as Nikil Sarkar (30) of Muktapur and Victoria Shylla (34) of Mowtyrchiah.
Because they know that it is easy to attract them because the power and authority lies with the women and not with the Rangbah.
To prove this statement, we give here a story from the Fables of Aesop:-A man who had seven sons, gave them instruction as much as he could.
He said that all these disputes between the village and the Seng Khasi have ended today and from now on they will work together and live in peace with the villagers.
Besides the rain, it also caused a lot of people to stand in line to find the rooms to write the examination.
As mentioned above, it was unanimously adopted.
“I urge the citizens of Meghalaya to continue to follow the guidelines by wearing masks, keeping a distance from each other, and being clean.
The Tura Incubation and Youth Center has been established to promote new jobs in the surrounding areas and create jobs. they don't play.
Barcelona great Lionel Messi will leave the club after more than 20 years.
Tynsong said that government officials, ministers, including the Chief Secretary, have to attend meetings in Delhi. 14 days, so the work of the government, will be severely affected.
According to evidence, he was shot with an AK-47 and heavy weapons and the shooting was from nearby. Police have recovered several bullets from the scene.
The Government has to announce the measures it has taken to curb the destruction of forests as it has been found that there is a deforestation and the clearing of hills for the construction of buildings.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 16: Four candidates for the 33rd Rambrai Jyrngam Assembly constituency on Friday visited Mawlangsu village to seek the support of the people for the polling day. of them in this election.
If you want to oppress the weak, you will defeat the strong.
“The ABVP State Secretary Darilin Tang has distributed these masks and sanitizers as a sign of its 72nd Anniversary.
The Court also said that the Hima Sohra Core Committee can no longer use the stickers of vehicles trading in coal from Bholaganj Land Custom Station especially as these stickers have already been suspended by the Hima Sohra. .
Gilbert said the Minister has informed them that the people do not need an Occupancy Certificate from MUDA when they build Assam type houses but only when they build G+ houses. 3 are required to be paid and the payment is at a small rate of only 40 naia per sq ft.
I was afraid how I would go and talk to Jaya and Rekha, because it is already a film about the true story,” said Yash Chopra.
Heavy rainfall has caused a landslide on the National Highway 6 and this landslide has caused heavy traffic jam on Saturday.
“Recently, the Government has tried to shorten the height of the night bread at Okhla from 180 to 124 feet.
The four organizations said that many schools and colleges are forcing students and parents to complete their homework and assignments online.
In another match, England beat Senegal 3-0
“We have discussed this issue within our party and if this bill is passed, then the discussion will not work anymore,” Hazarika said.
Ksanboklang Kharshiing is also a member of the FKJGP and holds the post of General Secretary of the Ri-War Southern Zone.
Many times when you are too tired due to heat or cold, people drink snepkor water because it helps to relax the body.
The Government! Don't force us to take up arms and implement the ILP in the State,” said Ohibait.
This will be the case from the quarter finals of the U-10 (Boys) Football League 2023 due to the lack of access to the Second Ground at Polo.
One of the youngsters from the state, Halen Nongtdu, has been signed by Mumbai City last year, which qualified for the AFC Champions League. Al Hilal, who have Brazilian goalkeeper Neymar Jr., have also joined Al Hilal.
They said that the areas under the KHADC which border with Bangladesh are from Nongjri to Umsyiem which is about 40 to 45 km.
Although they do not oppose the name of Dr Jemino Mawthoh which has already been proposed by the UDP to contest the MP election, they do not agree that he should contest with the UDP in the name of the MDA. “A person elected by the MDA should contest as a candidate of the MDA or NDA without belonging to any party,” he said.
In 1875 there was a demand to return the 10 Khasi villages under the Mouza Nuinah to the Khasi Hills.
“The Minister has promised to take immediate action on this matter,” said the statement. “In front of the KSU leaders, the Minister has phoned the Senior Director of NTA to look into this matter and to ensure that the students of the state should be able to write this examination in their own state,” said the statement.
Shillong, Lber 22: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday expressed its full support for the Meghalaya Selection of Candidates for State Quota Seats to Higher Academic Course Bill, The Bill was introduced by the MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum but was defeated due to the lack of Members of Assembly who supported the Bill. doctors, engineers and others.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The Fact Finding Committee (FFC) of the political parties in the state will visit the Umtru Power Project next month.
The leaders of the two parties also said that they support the Nongstoin-Mawthabah road for the benefit of the people of the area. it is for the purpose of mining uranium.
In the first innings, Meghalaya were in danger and could not tied more than 100 runs after losing 8 wickets and scoring only 82 runs. Aadnan, who tied for 80 runs, left Meghalaya without 145 runs.
Replying to a question in the House by Dikkanchi Shira MLA, Zenith said the department is now preparing to use computers on the trucks to improve the traffic. the way the government collects revenue.
Elijah defeated them – he decided to kill them all – he had them captured and killed in the river Kishon.
Shillong: The Congress party today announced the second list of candidates for the 2019 MDC elections.
The Model Code of Conduct has been developed with the joint approval of the ECI and political parties to ensure that there will be no side benefit of any party or candidate.
In another report, a 7.4 magnitude earthquake struck Mexico this morning, killing seven people.
" said Kmie Rida, "There are more and more people coming.
“The construction of the road will start from Sasniang village to Pombriew-Ladjynrai-Sohsynñiang and Nongbah Rangblang and through this it will be for the benefit of the residents,” he said. and thou shalt not destroy the fields.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Jay Shankar Pathak, Election Commissioner in charge of the elections conducted by the Youth Congress, said that the registration of youth in the Congress party is a success. He said that the registration was conducted for the first time two years ago and now the registration is slightly different from the previous one.
Without education and knowledge, even if you are too patriotic, you will be ridiculed in the world.
Adding to her speech, she reminded that the office of agriculture in the district has directed all farmers to have their own Farmer Identity (ID) They have visited the District Agriculture Office at Laitlawsang.
The meeting was also attended by EC members of the Dorbar Shnong Siejlieh, neighboring villages, church organizations, women's organizations and others who have a sense of condolence over the incident. After the march, a public meeting was held at St. Peter's Square in Pyndengrei.
The concluding words of the preacher urge us, therefore, to avoid making decisions of our own free will.
Other areas have moved forward quickly and this Ramgbrai area cannot wait for ten years, how many years will it wait for the simpah simsong and those who cannot wait.
Therefore believe in the God in whom you have always believed and who is able to save you.
“The protest will be held in front of the grave of Kiang Nangbah near Shillong Civil Hospital on Friday.
If they had understood, the robbers would not have been able to enter today.
The district authorities and the police department together with the Shillong Municipal Board will take action to look into and punish the violators,” he said.
Hek said that any student from Garo Hills, West Khasi Hills, East Khasi Hills or Jaintia Hills can take the examination at USTM without any difficulty. no fear because what is needed is for the children to focus only on their studies.
“On the other hand, Assam, according to the information received, has submitted it to the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Meghalaya has not been able to participate.
“We have come today to meet and send a letter to our State President, Rikman Momin to express our request through him to the party to give the ticket to Dr. Fenela Lyngdoh Nonglait” , said Mr. Sanbor.
“Whether it is a freight or passenger railway, we have thought carefully in the party and we have taken the decision of the party as a whole to oppose this,” he said.
“By the ownership of both sides, it will not lead to peace, but there needs to be a common understanding,” he said. each place, for the purpose of cleaning each of these 12 places.
Furthermore, during the meeting with the farmers, the MLA expressed his deep sorrow regarding the suffering of the farmers of the area. Their crops shall be fed to them every year.
They are from Dhubri, 13 from Darrang, five from Karimganj, three from Sonitpur and two from Lakhimpur.
It is to be recalled that Bah CB Syiem and his group came to join the UDP in Ri Bhoi on 25th July 2022 after leaving the NPP party due to lack of candidate. Macdalyne Mawlong, MDC Umsning, said that she and her group have left the UDP on the grounds that they are not satisfied with the working methods of the UDP party and the lack of hope that the party will win. cannot do anything for the people and the state.
They beat Pahamrioh SC 3-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
He said that the youth of this region should not be discouraged to become leaders and poverty should not be a stumbling block for them to improve in their studies because the great men of the world are not born in education. They are rich or wealthy, but many of them come from poor families.
Dhurba Pathak was shot dead on 14th November 2020 at Turing in Upper Siang district of Arunachal Pradesh.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday announced that it will hold a General Council to elect its new office bearers on the 29th of next month.
However, there have been doubts from many that it may not work because many are against the arrangement of new MDC constituencies, besides that it has been done without holding public hearings as it should have been.
It has become clear that the NPP is the BJP, otherwise the BJP will not be able to accept the courage that even in this state, where the majority of churches are not Hindus but Christians, no other political party can form a Government without it.
They said that the MoU is in violation of the rules signed by the two states to resolve the boundary because without following the history of the areas, the indigenous peoples, the There is no border and especially the lack of border control.
Even the Congress will continue to support the NPP which is leading the government.
He said that cross cultural exchanges should be held across the state so that the children can learn about the freedom fighters from the state.
Leaders of HYC Lai Lyngdoh said that the movement of trucks crossing the border from the area and the road, has caused many of the bridges to collapse and some of them have been completely cut off.
However, he said, “We are very pleased that we have worked hard, the relevant government officials have worked hard in which we have been able to overcome many of the problems, and I hope with this Shillong road project. Dawki should start soon.
The Cleanliness of Wah Myntdu has urged the residents to fight against plastic waste, to build proper septic tanks, to clean up the drains to avoid the flow of wastewater from houses into the Wah Myntdu.
They also visited the temporary office of the Block at Siju.
This assistance by KSU khaw to these families, are those families who have been severely affected by the dam closure where they do not have the opportunity to work every day to meet their own needs. .
The PDF is the ruling synrop party in the KHADC and is led by the Chief Executive Member of the KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem.
This shows that violence against women is increasing in the state.
The title of the Award is IconSWM-CE Excellence Award
Shillong, Naitung 11: The President of the KSU, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, on Tuesday said that the more the members are being searched, the more the KSU will be able to fight and the struggle will continue. they should not demand their release from jail but should stand up and demand for the issue of the nation.
“However, we cannot ignore the allegations.
Besides the failure to hold this programme, the District Football Association, Tura, under the leadership of Gino, has taken action.
Sonali Guha, who is a former TMC MLA, has also expressed her desire to return to the TMC. The MLA, who won four terms from Satgachhia in South 24 Parganas district, in a letter to Mamata, said, “Like a fish, I can't live without water, so I can't live without you, Didi.
However, due to the heated arguments and the opposition, the Deputy Chairman dissolved the Dorbar.
Rakesh Jain, CEO, Reliance General Insurance, said, “We are pleased to be able to collaborate with the Government of Meghalaya in this initiative to provide affordable health care to the people of Meghalaya. under the Megha Health Insurance Scheme and Ayushman Bharat Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana (AB-PMJAY)-Phase
The maximum temperature in Shillong was 27.2 degrees Celsius, the lowest temperature was 17.6 degrees Celsius, Sohra was 27.5 degrees Celsius and Umiam was 18.2 degrees Celsius. The lowest temperature was 31.0 degrees and the lowest temperature was 16.1 degrees.
Shillong, March 7 : The Office of the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) in collaboration with the Office of the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) in collaboration with the Electoral Roll for the MLA Election The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today held an Election Outreach Program (EOP) at Umpling.
The Swami concluded the Kumbh festival after a meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in which he suggested concluding the festival by showing it.
After collecting the information, these members will send their reports to the President of the party in the state where they will review the implementation of the election campaign in the state.
He said that the state government will make the rules and regulations simple and easy for the tourists so that they can enter easily without any problem.
Speaking to reporters, Ferdynald Kharkamni, President of the KSU, North Khasi Hills District, said that the KSU will continue to oppose the railway line to Ri Bhoi, while the government has not yet decided. implement the rules and regulations governing the entry and exit of mynder.
This is part of life," he said.
We will continue to look for ways and means to cope with these changes and preserve the environment.
He said that the worst damage was in the Umyiap area and almost all the rice fields were affected.
Paliar said the Union will continue to monitor and urge the state government to urge the central government to implement and recognize the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. Country.
The JSU Syndai Unit has raided the documents of foreigners who came to work with Airtel in Syndai Mission in the presence of the President of the JSU. Syndai Unit, Bah Pynshailang Suliang, Vice President, Financial Secretary, Mebanri Suliang and Organizing Secretary, Control Suliang. They did not have enough documents and the union has sent them to leave after they have finished working on the tower network of Airtel.
This scheme benefits the TMC as the funds can be used and other schemes can be converted into this scheme.
Awareness and training programs have been conducted for the public. The court said, “These trainings and awareness campaigns should be conducted in a manner that will attract the public to the especially in government schools where most of the students come from poor families”.
In the last match of the season, Umphyrnai SC beat Them Rangshken ACC 2-0
Commenting on the closure of coal mining factories, ECC Sutnga Elaka Advisor Bah Reading War said that the Meghalaya High Court has ordered the government to punish those who started coal mining factories. beaiñ in East Jaintia Hills.
The meeting was held on 7th November at Umsning to get clarification and details on the support for the Agrovet by the Executive Member of Trade and Enforcement in KHADC Bah James Sylliang and the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs. Lum Manik Raitong but the refusal to lead the program has shown that there may be something behind their blind support.
After leaving Garo Hills, they will leave for Nongkhlaw to lay flowers at the statue of Tirot Singh and meet his relatives and also to Jowai to lay flowers at the statue of Kiang Nangbah.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The All India Trinamool Congress, Meghalaya has strongly criticized the MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP) for the lack of land in the state.
In commemoration of the first Lyngkhuh Year of the party, the former General Secretary of the party, Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew, who was shot dead by the police on this day in 2021, should be remembered as a martyr. There is no one who can extinguish the fire of patriotism which has burned in the heart of the Hynniewtrep people.
However, the Minister's office did not accept the request for the meeting," the statement said.
Jowai: Police in East Jaintia Hills District have launched a search operation for the robbers involved in the murder of the President of the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF).
On the other hand, the reporters also had the opportunity to talk to Bah S.Rashir where he said that if the party, it is ready to offer him the ticket as a candidate for the election. He is also ready to contest the MDC election.
They agreed to reconcile with each other on all these issues.
The driver, Lenstar Lyngdoh, 46, and Famous Shadap, 20, were taken to Mawryngkneng PHC and later shifted to Woodland Hospital.
Shillong: Ka Khasi District Council (KHNAM) has sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi District Council (KDC) on Tuesday informing that it has been conducting license checks on foreigners. people who are outsiders.
The conference will be attended by the Union Minister in charge of Women and Child Development, Smti.
If young women could be sent to school until Class 10, it would be better because they would avoid early marriage and teenage pregnancy.
At 7:30 pm, Mawngap Police Station received a tip that the child had been taken to a place in Ri-Bhoi District but they did not know the whereabouts.
It would be better if they decided to turn off their mobile phones after midnight only twice a month.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has announced that it will hold a quiz competition on the 6th of April.
Police have arrested three persons and one is still being investigated.
Larry Suchiang, General Secretary, MeFilMA, is also invited to attend the event, said a statement from Larry Suchiang, General Secretary, MeFilMA. AN-32 aircraft, in Siang district of Arunachal Pradesh.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sharma has admitted that Mukroh falls under Assam after the shooting death of five residents of Mukroh by Assam police, Erwin said.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Punjab National Bank, which is responsible for the development of rural areas in Meghalaya, has expanded its operations by laying the foundation stone for the construction of Rural Self Employment Training Institutes ( RSETIs) in East Khasi Hills District on 9th July
Furthermore, the time allotted has been too short for the students to prepare for the examination centers and to go to these examination centers and to find accommodation in these States.
“Your hard work will not be in vain, but you will reap the fruits of victory when the time comes to release the results”, said the statement from the Seng Samla Shnong Mawlangwir.
Murray also has the aim and hope to continue to strengthen himself in the rankings and secure a place in the Wimbledon tournament in November. this year.
In West Jaintia Hills, an illegal killing of wildlife has come to light again in which a person who has not been identified even though Rupang has received and knows the name and In his village, he was able to illegally kill the Tyrpud or Tyrpit (Monitor Lizard).
The Forest Department Chief said that the meeting has not yet taken any decision as the slaughter of wild boars is also against the law.
He said that the selection of the contractor to implement the scheme is in accordance with the rules laid down by the Rural Electrification Corporation Limited of the Government of India. the rule.
Hamas fired 5,000 rockets at Israel on Saturday morning.
Delhi Police, together with Daniel Stone Lyngdoh, Member of the Delhi Police North East Representative (DPNER), today rescued a 22-year-old girl from Williamnagar. , East Garo Hills, which should not be taken to another country.
Thus, these Rangbah lose their fatherly authority and cannot improve the nation.
On the other hand, the plaintiff pointed out the problems explained by the NHAI which the state government will have to resolve.
“As a small donation from the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund, I announce to donate T.20 lakh,” he said.
He said that until now there has never been an Executive Committee in KHADC or JHADC which can stand if it is different from the color and flag of the Secretariat.
It is here at Maw-Wanpnan that the participants and spectators of the Kur Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien, before and after the ceremony, make this a place of rest and relaxation.
However, while his PSO was driving the vehicles, the DC urged the driver to ask the Mahindra driver to leave the road.
“The people do not accept the TMC in my constituency despite my efforts to explain.
Treh is not treh.
“From this they should understand that Dr Mukul Sangma is a leader who still has the trust of the people,” he said.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Civil Society of Women's Organization (CSWO) and Thma u Rangli (TUR), led by Agnes Kharshiing and Angela Rngad, have demanded that the government should not allow the The Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS) for Bah Hima Shangpliang, an IAS officer, should be suspended and deprived of all the benefits he should have received as a government servant. found guilty of violating the law through investigation.
It is not permissible to bring food from households and restaurants to feed pigs.
Marak was taken to hospital on Monday evening after suffering from fever, body aches, and thymbuit and skhor.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Deputy Commissioner congratulated the heads of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare for their efforts to conduct such programs in the district. Baranwal also stressed the need for early detection of TB and the need for regular checkups to enable the relevant departments to detect TB. They have been able to eradicate TB from the district.
The organizations that will participate are the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People, Hynniewtrep National Youth Front, Ri Bhoi Youth Federation, Arunachal Students' Union Shillong, Shillong Socio Cultural Assamese Students' Union. , Naga Students' Union, Twipra Students' Federation, Shillong Karbi Students' Association, All Bodo Students' Union and others.
Part Information:.
The farmers have also been very easy to transport their produce especially in this area where most of the residents are farmers,” he said. I thank the government and the MLA, who has taken the responsibility to provide these roads which have been a blessing to the people”.
“I have also taken the initiative to talk to MeECL to check and ensure that tomorrow (22nd) there will be no power outage,” said Bah PT Sawkmie.
He said that Garo Hills now has a special committee to demand Garo Land, but the HSPDP now intends to meet with the leaders of the Garo Hills Committee who are fighting for Garo Land. Garo Land to get Garo Land and to join hands to demand Khasi Jaintia Land for ourselves.
The chess tournament will be held in two categories – Open and Under-13 and will be held in the seventh Swiss system with a time of 50 minutes and 5 seconds.
How many farmers have been oppressed, is there any leader whom we have elected every three years who will sympathize with them? The farmer of the field, the fertilizer he has to buy, the medicine he has to buy from the kharkaia, while the crops he has to sell to him! No matter how hard you work, the benefits go to you.
Shillong: The electricity supply in Shillong has been cut off for about 2 hours this evening.
Speaking to Rupang, an elderly man from Amlarie village, who did not want to be named, said that in the third month of this year, the road was painted with a new colour. In less than 10 months, many parts of this road have been destroyed, he said, adding that about 14 km of parts of this road have been destroyed.
At present, the government under his leadership as the Prime Minister has tried its best to improve these two areas first, namely education for the students and the health of the majority.
Sangma in a statement sent to the media on Thursday.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: Justice S. Vaidyanathan was sworn in as the new Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday.
Angkit scored 3/20 off 9 overs, while Avinash Rai (2/14 off 11), Kishlay (2/24 off 11) and Charm (2/34 off 18) scored. They took 2 wickets.
Bah Nongsiej will be appointed as Secretary, Prisons and Correctional Services.
“It is true, but I haven't said it yet, but it is here,” said Sangma, referring to an article published in the special supplement of the 75th anniversary of the newspaper. “It is the first time in my life that my speech will appear in the newspaper,” he said. “I am the luckiest prime minister and I cannot say that,” he said.
of Indua, directed the Chief Engineer, National Highways, Meghalaya: “You are, therefore, requested to take up the work of preparation of DPRs of the said stretches, most immediately”.
The Trinamool Congress (TMC) in Garo Hills on Tuesday strongly criticized the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma for saying from time to time that education is a priority. although the State's ranking continues to decline according to the Performance Grade Index (PGI) of the Ministry of Education of the Union Government.
The event was inaugurated by Lok Sabha Member Vincent H Pala and in the presence of Mayralborn Syiem, Nongpoh MLA, PL Nonglait, District School Education Officer, Ri Bhoi, W Radu, Principal of RBP Hr.Sec School, Bah HL Myrsing, Executive Secretary I/C CED, RBP Synod, Rev. VP Marsharing, Kong VP Nongrum, teachers, students and parents that good.
The first step of the Meghalaya Lokayukta to curb corruption began in 2018-2019 when it issued an order directing all Government employees to disclose their assets. (assets) of them in addition to details of their Spouses and Children.
This decision was taken at the Dorbar held in October last year, said the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Welcome Shangpliang.
When asked what he wants to convey to others, he replied that he doesn't want to say anything to others, because if he says it, they will have many others will answer in forty words.
So as one of the Citizens of the State.
“Dominic is one of the most prominent directors and his film has been selected for a film festival in Switzerland and we hope he will win his category,” Sangma said. to the media.
Sangma said the Comprehensive Mobility Plan for Shillong and Tura is still under preparation.
Speaking to media, Bah Hamletson Dohling said, “The arrival of the AITC in our state, I am confident that it will be of great help to the regional parties in the state. state is yours.
“Farther away from Khliehriat, the road seems to be completely destroyed and there have been many complaints from the residents, district authorities and even the committee of MLAs to the NHAI, but this has not been successful," the court order said.
The funeral service will be held on 12/07/2023 at the Bakur Catholic Church, Dawki at 2 pm.
“In fact, the Government should have taken action and taken strong action if it is in any way and demanded to file a complaint against these perpetrators and those who want to disrupt the peace and order,” he said. said the MLA in a statement.
The topics of the awareness program include “Agri culture for sustainable development”, “global environmental changes” and “plant resource utilization”.
The JHADC Pensioners Association (JHADC) has invited all those who receive pension from the JHADC to join or register themselves with the Association.
However, signs are beginning to appear that the women's football team in India has started to grow and attract the attention of football authorities in Asia and FIFA or the world.
The deceased include Bah Biangki Phawa, 31, his wife Kong Pynjanai Ryngkhlem, 25, and two young children, Edify Ryngkhlem, 6 and Vladaroi Ryngkhlem is 3 years old.
Steven Smith tied for 46, David Warner for 41 and Mitchell Starc for 28 while Ravindra Jadeja took three wickets for India. Jasprit Bumrah and Kuldeep Yadav took two wickets each. .
MAKO was delighted to meet and take pictures with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong at Meghalaya House yesterday and wished the team all the best. Meghalaya has won.
According to the Publicity Secretary of JACATAM, Babu Kular Khongjirem, the Minister said that the Minister's statement is to move forward for the purpose of taking over all the teaching posts of schools in the state as it has been done. “The government will look into this matter and take the necessary action as soon as possible,” said Babu Khongjirem.
The new cases include EGH: 2, EKH: 18 and WGH:
Shillong, Lber, 06: The Social Welfare Department of the State Government has requested land from the Dorbar Shnongs across the State so that the State Government can build Rehabilitation Centers to provide treatment to the youth who have been disabled. shah is a slave to drugs.
Shillong: U SP Mahanta, Advocate of Meghalaya, on Tuesday appealed to the Meghalaya High Court against the decision of the State Government to suspend the payment of part of the salary of government employees.
In this regard, the public should follow these guidelines to prevent and reduce the damage caused by fire by remembering to extinguish the lyngkhot biri or cigarette before breaking. don't break the stone.
Nongmadan, July 31: This is the most surprising and unheard of incident which has never happened in any other place, this has happened in Nongmadan-east (Raid Nongkhlieng). ) near Pynursla village.
The two Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya will jointly visit Khanduli in West Jaintia Hills and Karbi Anglong area in July to bring reassurance to the people following the increasing clashes between the Pnar and Karbi communities.
The Muktiar, Ms. Naki Chalam, explained about the rights of special citizens and the laws to protect them.
“Please, let her come home and if she has any reason, please tell us, our brothers and sisters and especially her mother.
We don't understand why here in our State the price has been increased to three times the price elsewhere.
One of the jhur vendors in Ïewduh, Bah D.Marbaniang, while explaining about the loss, said, “Among these losses, no one has come to provide assistance. investigate the damage to the vegetables inside the shop due to insect bites or rot.
Shillong: There have been 63 new cases of corona virus in the state as of 10 am today.
The availability of these tower networks has brought great hope to the people in the Langpih area who have been able to use them for their needs.
Zion does not mean that they are empowered to rule over others.
“It causes a lot of trouble if we want to know how they run their business if we want to compare and improve them,” he said.
But if they are not prepared, the debate will be in vain.
Denikcheng Marak took 3/3 wickets in 4.4 overs while Harshit Prasad took 3/14 wickets.
On the other hand, Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sharma has urged Paresh Baruah to stop the bloodshed.
The two organizations also criticized the government for not testing and once the test is completed, those who test positive, there is no assistance at all for them and they are left alone to stay. quarantine has ing.
We have removed those things that make them afraid to read.
Three goals were scored by HITO Thadlaskeiñ Area Sports Secretary Dany Suna while HITO Mylliem member Rudolfson Marweiñ assisted one goal.
On the other hand, the MLA expressed the desire of the people to get a Civil Sub Division Mawsynram to bring the government's work closer to the people of Mawsynram.
However, according to the information of the union, MUDA often collects money from the factories in Byrnihat, while now the department alleges that the department does not have the money to pay their monthly salaries.
Jowai: Members of the VDP of Tuber Kmai Shnong, this morning, have seized three vehicles including two Tata Sumo and a Maruti Car involved in the robbery and theft of fuel from a Petrol Pump is located in Tuber Khmai Village.
“Besides the rule of load shedding of 7 hours per day, the load shedding is more than 7 hours per day. It is on this basis that these three parties have expressed their strong opposition.
In view of the hard work and risks faced by the farmers in connection with the fisheries industry, the department has enrolled 1,013 fishermen under the Group Accident Insurance Scheme-Pradhan Mantri Matsya Sampada Yojana.
The vehicle and the money have not been found yet.
Ruby said that in fact the school authorities want to conduct a post mortem examination by a doctor, but he, as a father, demands that a post mortem examination should be conducted. The Medical Board consists of three or four doctors, and this has been accepted as requested.
Regarding the functioning of the DSCs, the MPSC, Bah Ardent said that the VPP will bring about a clean functioning free from the interference of politicians, so that those who are entitled to get jobs according to the their strength, they shall receive.
However, the RBDSA will review the procedures as prescribed by the RBDSA and if it is found that they are able to carry out their activities, This means that by 2024, the RBDSA will announce that it will grant these Associations full independence to run their own activities.
Shillong Parliamentary Constituency will witness eight candidates for the MP election including Paul Lyngdoh of UDP, Vincent H Pala of Congress, Amerington Kharshiing of AAP, Shibun Lyngdoh of BJP and Denis Siangshai. (IND), Bah Richard Shabong of CPI, Kong A Shylla (IND), and Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit.
Speaking to u SP City, Vivek Syiem, he said that what the doctors do and take from the body are the necessary parts that they have to take to the Forensic Lab, which they cannot tell. He said that the investigation into the case is ongoing and they cannot say anything yet.
“If this continues, it means that these people have become more angry as happened in the past few months when these Kharmetor robbers carried weapons to shoot and injure two Khasi taxi drivers in Khyndai. lad," the statement said.
Jowai, Nailur : The Seng Khasi Jaintia on Saturday (03.09.2022) held a ceremony to distribute awards to 38 students who passed well in the MBOSE and CBSE examinations. as well as three youngsters of the Kur who won prizes in the Sports category.
However, only the RUNG and not the MIH. Foreigners who have entered the country have not been allowed to leave the country. During the last lockdown we have seen that our State Leaders who live outside the State have been ready to return to their State.
Three of them are from Meghalaya and one from Assam.
United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, speaking at a meeting with other officials on Sunday, expressed deep concern over the inability to control the conflicts of many countries. these days.
“The security forces of the Government of India will sacrifice our brothers and sisters, we cannot accept it.
Shabana and I didn't feel anything at the time when they were shooting for this part.
It is understood that these BJP leaders may give their full support to the UDP candidate Paul Lyngdoh this time because they want to get a skilled person to advocate for the constituency. and the whole nation.
Finally, for the good of our nation, it is time for the youth, the Sengbhalang.
The residents said that Walchang has built a bur to jam from one side to the other of the river due to the rise of the water due to the heavy rainfall in these days.
The people who live in the area from Umtyra to Nongsning.
CoMSO Secretary Roy Kupar Synrem said the meeting was to remind the Chief Minister of his promise and he has made it clear that the work has gone well. In the coming days, the Government will hold a Cabinet Meeting and the Amendment Act of the MRSSA will be introduced in which the provisions of the ILP will be incorporated.
Mrigendra Kumar Deka, Principal Secretary, said that in the past three days, 270 employees have been tested positive and 11 of them have tested positive.
In the quarterfinal match, Mukhla Umlangshor beat Newhill 1-0 at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Saturday.
The CEO of Noida Authority, Ritu Maheshwari, has inaugurated the site in Sector 50 and 135 and it will be implemented by the groups in charge of the welfare of the area. , they said.
“We have registered the names of the smugglers by issuing them Identity Cards and we have strictly controlled the entry and exit of Marten.
There is also a sñiaw among the Pnars that the Phareng have tried to destroy their religion and customs.
The party is also deeply saddened by the death of two people at Mookhep, East Jaintia Hills.
In my opinion, this disease has shocked us to revive the planting of sohriew, riewhadem, rice, raisoh, raitruh, pathaw, shriew, phandieng and others so that if the 2) To restore the country:- Many of us have relied on cows. , fish and cattle from outside the state for consumption.
According to the list of passengers received by Rupang, there were 34 passengers besides two drivers and two Handimans.
In the minutes of the match, the two countries scored two goals each, with Russia scoring 10 goals through Denis Cherychev in the 31st minute and U Mario Figeura Fernandes scored in the 115th minute, while Andrej Kramaric scored in the 39th minute and Domagoj Vida in the 100th minute.
It may be recalled that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, has said in recent days that in the settlement of the border, there needs to be mutual understanding and agreement to resolve both the issues.
This happened after the UHM-EJH submitted a petition to the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) requesting him to hold a meeting. trading license and labor license against foreigners within the district.
Iran says all 15 of its missiles were not fired and reached their targets and that many equipment, including helicopters, were damaged. julir is very strong.
In this age too, religious and ethnic conflicts are intense, the jyllei and equally the ritpaid, the thab ki dap and the phetwir are the victims and victims of any conflict and bloodshed.
These things require us to know and to know who we are, especially when we begin to grow young and our eyes are fixed here and there to fight for youth.
Also to help improve where possible.
Last month, the Communist Party of China made it clear that it would not block any independence for Taiwan, but would move forward to unite the country with China.
The court also observed that even after the state government and the Chief Secretary were directed to ensure that the illegal coal mining should stop, these illegal coal factories continued to operate until the court. The court shall decide whether this case has been closed or suspended.
The system of government is divided into three parts – At the bottom are the Dorbar Shnongs, above them are the Dorbar Raij/Dorbar Elaka and above these two levels are the Syiems who rule over many Himas. that rice.
Speaking on the occasion, Nujorki said that the UDP and the HSPDP are the two ethnic parties that have been standing for a long time. to others.
This is the first time for this student from the state to reach this top rank in the MBA program of Assam Don Bosco University.
“The Congress' allegation is irresponsible,” he said.
The U-20 Fourth Division 2023 tournament will start on the 3rd of November at the Polo Ground.
Wailadmiki said he had spoken to the District Forest Officer (T) and directed him to cut down all the trees that have grown well and especially those that could pose a threat to the people.
This is the statement of the Secretary of the Football Tournament.
The government is currently looking for ways and means to resolve the 86 villages that are still pending.
During the protest, the residents alleged that Witson's death in police custody was not his fault, but the bombing, tied and insulting treatment by the Chokpot police.
He added that in 1954, there was a document stating that the land belonged to the residents of Harijan Colony.
Camera and editing was done by Rockyland Laloo and drone was directed by Elvest Thabah.
He said the Mizoram police had also turned away even after the SP, Kolasib District was still at the CRPF camp to talk to the Assam police.
“However, we have already said many times that this issue has been too long,” the High Court said.
The CEM reminded that the Village Administration Bill has been in the hands of the government for 10 months.
Jowai, June 28: The Raij Ialong after completing the Thoh Ryngkaw and Duwan Kñia this morning at Lawkyntang near Ialong Park and the Syiem Duwan Kñia in front of the house of Lyngdoh Starly Lyngdoh. Phawa and in the afternoon, the children of the Raij held a Noh Sakyriat at Ryngkaw Square.
The purpose of the Uniform Civil Code includes the creation and implementation of personal laws to be applied by all citizens of India, regardless of religion, gender and others.
“If you look at the income of the people decreasing day by day while Modi's rich friends are increasing wealth every day, there is a terrible unemployment.
An ATM card has been stolen from SBI Bank, Jowai.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle has strongly condemned a man named Timun Surong for assaulting and shooting a woman, Radika Lamurong of Thangbuli, who has been seriously injured.
The school ground was brightly colored and the spirits of the participants were touched by the beautiful Drill Display of St.John Bosco Boys.
Ricky John Shabong has signed a contract with Punjab FC to play in the Indian Super League this season.
The reason is that they understand that through this, the Garo people will benefit.
Greed, selfishness has ridden in this country of Tirot Singh, the country of Monbhut, Lorshon Jaraiñ, the country of Phan Nonglait and other heroes.
The CSWO (I) urges the Khliehriat Police Station to take severe punishment against Bah Emvyris Dkhar alias Michel Dkhar from the village and all his friends, who are involved in the kidnapping and rape. the two children and killed them immediately after committing the crimes.
Shillong: Meghalaya has completed 48 years since its independence in
Because “When the language lives, the nation lives” and “A nation that reads in its own language will never die” said Rev.Phadar H.Elias.
As it turns out, the owners receive only 4,000 to 5,000 shibnai while the Dkhars earn lakhs of rupees from selling and transporting timber to Assam.
This means that a dark future awaits them, they are not sure where they will go after that, even if they promise to give them a certificate to guide them to other jobs as mentioned above.
The seizure came on the day of a special meeting between the BSF and Punjab police, police officials in Amritsar said.
Speeches were delivered by the Waheh Shnongs of Umshangiar, Lapangap, Umplu, Namdong B, Saitsama and the KSU who gave their support to Khanduli.
KAM outlines 15 issues and themes that are most important for the revival of democracy and building a prosperous Meghalaya: Rynsan KAM calls upon all citizens to They have the right to fight for the complete abolition of the political system which is run by only one or two families and supported by the wealthy and selfish politicians.
They also said that the Killing area is one of the areas where there is conflict between the village leaders and the leader. , so that the village leaders can be informed about the problems and shortcomings in the villages.
The Supreme Court today approved the transfer of arrested Tamil Nadu Minister V Senthil Balaji for treatment at a private hospital.
"This letter has been sent to the District Medical & Health Officers (DM&HO) of Shillong/Nongstoin/Nongpoh/Mawkyrwat/Jowai/Khliehriat/Williamnagar/Tura/Baghmara/Ampati/Resubelpara, to the Surgeon Superintendent (Jt DHS), Civil Hospital,Shillong, Medical Superintendent (Jt.
Shillong, Nailar 17 : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has now been empowered to curb the price of agricultural products and other commodities in the markets under the jurisdiction of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The Governor has approved and signed the Market Bill which will become law and is now known as the KHADC (Second Amendment) Regulation, Act
Kochi: The income of car drivers in Kerala has declined slightly in recent days due to the outbreak of Coronavirus.
Ma Neipormi Lytan, also known as Bah Por or Pormi, resident of Tpep Pale, Jowai, passed away on 22nd November
“I am not saying that all the schemes they provide are not necessary, but there should be a scheme for the urban, for the farmers, for the rural areas, and there should be There are our own schemes if we want to improve our income.
“From now on, as the youth of the Kur Syiemlieh Sawkpoh Maharam, we cannot listen to the rumors that the land of the Kur will not be owned by others who are not from the Kur,” said Bah Bankyrshan.
He is currently spending his time learning more about digital from renowned training institutions abroad.
Chandigah: A statue of Jesus Christ in a church at Ambala Cantonment in Haryana has been destroyed on Saturday night.
Khongthaw is actively involved in the conservation of jri trees in Riwar Pynursla and other parts of Ri Khasi. He is also the head of the Living Bridge Foundation. maintain the roots or living roots.
The situation at home is very different.
Abdul Kalam Golam Mahdi Alom: Birth Certificate issued in 2014 after 12 years of birth and without a court order and serial number.
Shillong: U MDC of Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, on Tuesday said that he has no intention of returning to Mawsynram, as the people of Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah still trust him after he left the party. Mawsynram constituency.
When the police went to investigate, it was suspected that the body was the body of a land owner from the state.
" said Mr. Disparsing.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: For the first time, Garo Hills will appear in the results of the SSLC 2023 announced by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) on Thursday.
I ran outside the counting hall......... When I reached the counting hall, the crowd of billions of people from various parties joined me and shouted "Lai Lama, Government will be built - Congress outside, don't rule" In the Editorial of U Nongsaiñ Hima on November 11, 1978, it was written, “The struggle to encourage and encourage the state parties to unite to get a majority to form a government is very difficult and It took place from the 4th of October to the 8th of this month.
In the Jaintia Hills Autonomous Territorial Council, it will consist of 34 members, of whom four will be appointed by the Lat including two women.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 3: After a long struggle, the farmers and sellers of meat in Nongstoin township have now received a suitable land and slaughterhouse. Brisinola Lyngkhoi, a resident of Mawkawah, under the leadership of the Nongstoin Hima, has built a slaughterhouse in Porjalem, Mawkwah. butchery) where many people who used to earn a living from this industry have been waiting for many years.
Shillong, June 23: The Lum Jingthang Committee, Seng Khasi (Kmie), Mawkhar in a statement issued by Bah KL Mawlong, Secretary, today informed that on the 27th of this month there will be a cleanliness drive. Jaiaw, Shillong from 9 pm.
At the time of writing of this news, the name, address and whereabouts of the suspect are unknown and police are conducting investigation into the incident.
At the same time, the chief guest, who is a doctor, also encouraged the audience with his musical skills through his guitar playing in beautiful voices.
The letter states that he has been released and that there has been an extortion of money from two BJP leaders, the former President and the General Secretary.
Nongpoh, July 24 : The first ever Ri-Bhoi Boxing Championship 2022 was organized by the Ri-Bhoi Boxing Association in collaboration with the office of the Ri-Bhoi Boxing Association. The NSCA Indoor Stadium in Umlyngkdait Nongpoh today started the tournament.
Schools have been closed except for the examination of Class XI students. Although the government has warned all employees to come to work to rally against the HNLC curfew, the Main Secretariat has been closed. Many government ministers did not come to work today.
According to the Bill, all persons who wish to stay in Meghalaya for more than 48 hours must provide all the information as stipulated in the Rules.
The State President of the Meghalaya TMC Students' Union (TMS) Bansharailang Pyngrope has personally visited the group of contract teachers shortly after the incident.
After this date, no one will be allowed to clean or build the graves.
I don't know if it's true or not.
Shillong, Lber 09: It has been almost six months since the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya passed the Prevention of Disqualification (Amendment) Act 2015, but it has not yet been passed. bniat faithful to tell those who persecute it.
On the part of the Union, we have sent a message to the Minister, if she wants to talk to the ASHAs, we are ready to go for talks,” said Kong Myrsing.
The woman suffered from fever, weakness and difficulty in breathing after visiting her son, who lives in Pune.
His first book was titled “Ko Bynriew Me La Ïohi” in
Mawkyrwat, November 29: U Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency and Minister of Water Resources and Water Resources, on Tuesday celebrated and gave Christmas gifts to The children of this village in Mawkyrwat.
“The first is for tourists and the second will make it easier for passengers instead of taking buses or taxis to use cable cars. ," said Mr. Paul.
According to Bah Slad, who was accompanied by the Rangbah Shnong of Laitlyngkot, Bah Ryngkat Lyndem, the vehicle fled the scene. However, the driver of the vehicle, was driving with a nar suda, in which the nar, fell and caught fire on the highway.
“The Director said that there are teachers who are skilled doctors but it is surprising that even an MBBS student doesn't know how to speak English and teach.
However, the VPP has made it clear from the beginning that this protest has no intention of violating the rights of the people of Garo Hills or that the protest is against them, but it is a protest to demand. improve the Reservation Policy, for the benefit of the youth of Khasi Jaintia Hills.
In this regard, the union urges the office of the Executive Engineering MeECL Jowai to do as soon as possible to install a new transformer so that the village can get electricity again.
The tournament which started on 20th October was attended by Professor PS Shukhla Vice Chancellor Nehu, MSOA Working President John F Kharshiing, IAS, President of MSOA. Bah Paia War Nongbri Assistant Director Sports is also the Secretary of the Meghalaya Archery Association.
Ma Andrew lodged the appeal after the Deputy Chairman conducted the election to elect a new Chairman of the council.
Meanwhile, the Delhi-based Dhyan Foundation has taken part in assisting the BSF at the border to take care of the seized cows.
“He said that this consultation will start immediately through the presidents and secretaries of the districts as well as the members and staff of the party.
In the Under-14 boys' category, St Peter's HSS beat St Anthony's SS 1-0
The FKJGP will hold a rally on the 28th of this month to discuss the issue of unemployment.
The Congress MLA from Mawhati, Bah Charles Marngar, has urged the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, to take action against the violence of the Assam Government, which has banned development works. implemented in the border villages.
Mack Donald Nongkhlaw, a member of the Meghalaya Cycle Association (MCA), has left Shillong this evening.
Many families have suffered when they have children or relatives who have become addicted to drugs.
Even if people speak evil of you, don't be sad, don't be discouraged, and don't be discouraged.
Shillong, November 07: UDP President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh has said that if the UDP comes to power after the 2023 elections, it will conduct an investigation into the allegations of corruption in the state. in this present government to find out all the facts.
The number of samples sent so far is 1,17,518, 1,13,184 negative and 298 results are pending.
He said that it is only in this MLA although he is not in power but as an MLA, Ma Shitlang Pale has tried to bring about development in the area which has led them to decide to give their support to win him again. to serve the Sutnga Saipung area better.
If other states are ruled by indigenous peoples, why not Meghalaya”.
However, the Netherlands needed only 44 overs to beat Scotland.
The tournament was attended by the Reserved Team of North East United. The team was led by Amit Rai as Head Coach, Robin Nongrum as Assistant Coach and Franky Kharumnuid as Team Manager.
On this occasion, he also donated sports equipment such as balls, carrom boards and others.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sniawbhalang said that the tender for the two parking lots has already been called. the right place.
He said that according to the Reservation Policy, 80% of the vacancies at the district level have been allocated to Khasi-Jaintia and Garo without allocating 40% to the Khasi-Jaintia. and 40% of the Garo population.
Samla Banteilang Jyrwa, an off-road motorcyclist from the state, has become the National Supercross Champion
The union leader said that if the government cannot return the villages and if it fails to resolve the issue in the second phase, the union will not talk to the government but will go its own way. path.
This python is an Indian python.
When asked, Bah Kharkongor said, “According to the rules, the Minister can come to the office in a government vehicle but he cannot campaign in a government vehicle.
Shillong, Nailar, 21: A group of Garo political parties including the GSU, FKJGP, ADE and AYWO have decided to hold a protest in Shillong to continue their opposition to the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) Understanding between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam.
There are still those who watch and punish.
Shillong, July 13: Congress Leader and Rajya Sabha MP Mukul B Wasnik on Thursday slammed the BJP for its involvement in politics and public administration. in the country.
In the men's 10K race, Bah Badonsing Tham of Meghalaya came first in 36:57 minutes. Pynshngainlang Dkhar finished second in 39:03 minutes, Kedrick Kharpo Ruba finished third in 41:22 minutes. Fourth and fifth place went to James Tamang and Bah Jobrenson Marwein who finished in 44:05 minutes and 48:57 minutes respectively.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle on Friday awarded 44 students who passed well in SSLC, HSSLC, Degree and Master Degrees with the 10th Mait Shaphrang Academic Award It was held at Lumshnong Community.
Meanwhile, during the investigation, police found that Helpful had chosen a knife which had broken the sping and tied it with his tdong on the road and stabbed him two or three times. Elizar and fled behind Bunlangki.
The residents of Nehemayah Tyngkan have expressed their gratitude to Nehemayah Tyngkan for 5 years now. come spirit.
The incident would have been more dangerous if the security forces arrived late at the scene.
The company and MoSDE have developed a system to train and encourage women through films and campaigns on the contribution of women in the country.
The TMC, the Congress party, has 45% of the candidates (27 out of 56) who are crorepati.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Stodar Dkhar said that since last year, the Prime Minister has said that within 10 months, the government will release the mined coal but until now it has not been necessary. Faithful.
The HNLC will take a decision on the government's statement in the near future.
The incident happened at 8:30 PM on Saturday and no injuries were reported to the passengers and the family.
This threat and the spread of posters through social media, has caused a lot of confusion and concern to many of the residents of the area and especially to the village leaders which could also affect peace and stability in the area bordering Assam.
She also acknowledged that it is a fact that children when they see the chaos or violence in the home affects their mental health.
To get the answer to this, we must look at the situation of the political parties, the flag of the National People's Party (NPP), which leads the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, Especially after the three resolutions of the mid-term elections held last year.
The MLA today distributed the balls to two clubs, Combine FC and Jadu FC, along with one ball each which he handed over to his office in Mawlai Nongpdeng.
“We have taken this initiative to conduct a survey in all the states of the country,” NCW member Shamina Safiq told reporters in the capital.
Like other people, they too need the collective love and support of the people and this is the same for their families too and need to talk about their worries.
Dr Tiwariu explained about 'Sarvajanahitaya sarvajanasukhaya', which means the welfare and happiness of all, a world where society and the welfare of all are more important than personal interests.
I'll come to your house at any time,” he said and walked away. “To mama,” said Peter respectfully. Peter was thinking a lot that day even though he was at work.
Meanwhile, police said that on 13th June, robbers broke into the residence of Kong Domeris Khongsit at Baniuñ, Upper Shillong and stole from the house.
If food and water drought comes, we don’t know what will happen.
States/UTs are urged to expedite the provision of incentives, data collection and implementation of findings.
The union said that the people of the area cannot fail to express their gratitude to the government through the hard work of the leaders especially to Ma Nehlang Lyngdoh who was the MLA of the area at that time. The road has been cleaned up and they have been able to travel easily unlike in the past when they had to walk for many hours to reach Ladrymbai market.
“We also request to release the outstanding salaries of the employees as soon as possible as announced by the Government,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Benedic Marak's ticket was removed after he fought against the party leaders and refused to step down as Chief Executive Member of GHADC in July this year. However, there was a directive from the party leaders and this prompted the NPP to issue a no-confidence motion in the Council, on the grounds that Marak, Benedic, however, was defeated in the election and fell from the post of CEM. elect Rakesh A Sangma, Chairman of GHADC, at that time, to assume the post of CEM of GHADC; However, Rakesh took over temporarily and after that, he had to resign due to opposition from various parties and was replaced by Albinush Marak.
The Shad Suk Mynsiem was inaugurated by the Additional Deputy Commissioner, W. Biam, MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency, Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Retired SDO. HS Diengdoh, MCS, MDC Carness Sohshang, Medalsing Lyngdoh, one of the elders of the area, leaders of the Seng Khasi South West Khasi Hills District and of the Central Body and the public from all over the country.
The KSU has demanded that the DC should take action against them because they have raised cattle and polluted the land and dumped garbage.
Khliehmyntriang and Rymbai Madanpynriang will play on 23/09/2023 at 12.00 pm to fight for the title.
The source said that many have alleged that the incident was caused by the Customs of India which allowed trucks to leave for Bangladesh, which is under curfew. The Bangladesh Customs have not given any encouragement.
Shillong, Lber 3: U Jadav Payeng, one of the tree planters, has invited the children to participate in the tree planting campaign to preserve the environment.
US missiles are also reportedly available at Prince Sultan Air Base, west of Riyadh.
Ms Phawa also expressed her gratitude to the Ribhoi Mihngi Presbytery and also to some of the believers from various Christian Churches and also to the Mayor of Mawhati, Bah Charles Marngar, who expressed their condolences. Cherry Blossom Festival will be held on Sunday.
Shillong: The Mawphanlur Integrated Co-Operative Society Ltd (MIT) has decided to temporarily close down the Mawphanlur Tourist Spot in Mawphanlur. in the West Khasi Hills.
In his speech, Bah Shankurpar S.Kurbah, Labor Inspector, South West Khasi Hills District, said that this day is a special day to end the forced labor of children in the country. factories that affect health.
It is to be recalled that the A'chik community has 24 representatives in the state legislature which has a total of 60 representatives.
The group that formed these two religious organizations is the Seng Khih Lang which is a group working tirelessly for the revival and promotion of the traditional religion.
Dafica Kynter came third, Phibandariti Mawkon came sixth, Phibalabet shwa Nongrum came 11th, Dakermedo Nongpluh came 15th and Parkles Theolinda Lyngkhei came third. to 19
Furthermore, Tyndale said, "I will make sure that the child who milks the cow in the field will know and understand the Bible better than anyone else.
" (Mark 2:9-11) The events surrounding Jesus' baptism are one of the miraculous accounts recorded in the Gospels.
MPCC President DD Lapang has left for Delhi to meet with AICC leaders on the party's problems in the state.
This school, perhaps the oldest in the Sohra area, has taken this step as part of its efforts to shut the colors of the students not only to provide education with textbooks but also to train the students in manners. you're honored.
In the U-19 (Boys), Jordan Myrphet beat Mewanpyntngen 21-13, 21-13, Kenan Jomaia beat Xavier Tariang 21-16, 21-14, 15-2 Bapura beat Babitlang 21-13, 22.20, Vivian beat Mintu 21-12, 21-11, 19.21 and Stephan won 28, 26, -21 to Manasseh.
The statement also urged the public to wear masks when standing to buy kyiad and if found violating the rules of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, IPC 269 will be imposed on them including shopkeepers and shopkeepers. the public does not violate the rules.
They are still investigating the matter and while we have not received any explanation, we cannot blame anything else,” he said.
The reason for this is that sohmynken im contains those compounds that cause severe inflammation.
The opening ceremony was conducted by the President of the Association Bah Richard Sun in the presence of members, teachers, parents, open players and students from six leading schools of the Association. District.
The union demanded that the DC should punish those who oppose so that the Myntdu River can be polluted.
The same thing happened to the NPP party when they formed in 2012, it was the people who elected the party and this will be the same with the AITC party. this will be the same for other parties.
IG (Operations) Amol V Homkar told reporters, “The leader has been shot dead, which has caused trouble in the administration.
Instead, you can use an electric meter.
The AIM is also pleased to say that if this continues to happen from time to time, it can lead to a breakdown in the relationship between students or even to cause division by trying to impose a Divide & Rule Policy within the schools. Different villages.
F.Passah (COVDO) gave the welcome speech.
Ardent lodged a complaint with the officer in charge of Sadar Police Station, Shillong.
It is also said that the clothes made of plastic or leather or wool, or made of beautiful clothes, or made of only one piece, are not safe at all.
SecretaryWahlang                                       Seng Kur Suting                       Seng Kur L.Mawlong                                                                          Sd/-  Sd/-B.Kharir                                                                 Ang R No.                                        Daming Nongkhlaw                                     General Kur                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Rangbah Kur,                         ary,Dorbar Kur Kharir Dorbar Kur Nongkhlaw ng Kur Nong Se rum.
Ms. R.Passah spoke on various schemes for women in the community.
In the past few days, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr.R.Lalthangliana, has informed the Legislative Assembly that the The state government has not yet paid the medical bills amounting to T.66.2 crore to 23,421 beneficiaries.
Krishna Baruah, Deputy Commissioner, SP and Assistant Commissioner of West Karbi Anglong District today appeared before the delegation.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner of Nongpoh, Meghalaya, today clarified that the five villages under the Durbar Umroi Pyllun, have not been able to register. This is a misunderstanding, but in fact the inclusion in the Census Town is only for the Summary of 2021, but in terms of development works, these The villages shall be counted as rural villages or villages which are not yet eligible for inclusion as urban villages.
He also thanked Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, for authorizing the PWD department to send workers to install speed breakers from Mawdatbaki Road.
The states recommended by the Fifteenth Finance Commission to receive Post Devolution Revenue Deficit Grant in 2022-23 are: Andhra Pradesh, Assam, Himachal Pradesh, Kerala, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland, Punjab, Rajasthan , Sikkim, Tripura, Uttarakhand and West Bengal.
This is a country blessed by God the Creator. We have all these things that God has given us from the natural resources to the mineral resources. Wise men and God wants us to rule over all these things according to His will and desire.
He also performed a signature pose and turned away those who were present at the spectacle, as soon as he saw Shah Rukh Khan raising his hand from the roof of the house. his.
He also tried to kill the eldest son of the woman in the river near their house on Jowai Bypass, but the child survived and was able to tell what happened to him and his mother. u ha who is home.
It is known and said that the people of this village talk to each other through the sounds of songs or siaw.
It is suspected that the kidnapped girls were dressed in saris to be used for prostitution, as this was done at a brothel in Silchar to protect themselves. not recognize that she is a little girl.
Seeing this, the MDA government has taken action and one of them is to be able to start implementing the sports policy and also the youth policy.
The 7 Aside was inaugurated by Chibor Najiar, Executive Engineer, PHE, Umsning on Saturday.
Nongpoh, March 18: Leaders of HITO in Bhoirymbong area today continued to detain foreigners who came to work without proper documents in the area under the leadership of Samuel They went to Bhoirymbong to investigate.
If anyone violates, the violators will be punished according to the law.
It was the desire of Satan Lucifer to become a god that God cast him out of heaven because he wanted to take the throne of God by force.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Khasi Authors Society (KAS) on Monday expressed its support to the demand of the VPP to revise the State Reservation Policy. last week.
The opening ceremony was attended by Mayfereen Ryntathiang, President of Grassroot, Dr HH Mohrmen, Secretary SURE, Kitbok Rymbai, Waheh Village Council of Khliehtyrshi and others.
The PDF leaders said that the NPP has been willing to join them and informed that the talks are ongoing.
“I have been working for 10 years and I don't think I will win,” said Bah Bindo, who is also the Chief Adviser of the United Democratic Party. Lambor Malngiang, who won as an independent candidate in the 2018 elections.
So far, the party has already introduced 17 members of the party who have received shelter from the government while another 19 members will arrive tomorrow.
On the part of Sonia Gandhi, too, we have seen that she has been a truly capable leader, in that she has brought the Congress government twice, along with Manmohan Singh; However, the era of 2004-2009 has passed and therefore, the Congress needs new leaders.
The union said that if the bridge collapses at any time, who will be responsible whether it will be repaired by the private sector or by the PWD department of the Government.
Meghalaya used to receive about 35 MW of electricity from Palatana and due to the deterioration of the unit, the electricity had to be turned off.
Shillong: The nine deaths from covid-19 in West Garo Hills are Temera R Marak, 9, of Thakimagre, Rajabala, West Garo Hills. , Shornomai Shanpru, 83, of Cleve Colony, East Khasi Hills, and Phur Nongrum, 72, of Nongjri Umsning, Ri Bhoi District, were taken to the hospital. 27-07-2021 Brisilda Mawlong, (63) of Jaiaw St. Joseph, Maliya Khongthaw, (65) of Umkor Pynursla, Nongpoh, died at Bethany Hospital, Nongpoh. (72) of Sohryngkham, Mawutieng, East Khasi Hills, died at home on 26-07-2021, Anstar Wahlang, (62) of Mairang, Mirai Taro, (64) of Rongmesek Nongpoh, The Fear.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Tripura 3-0 in the Santosh Trophy of the North East Zone Qualifiers in Aizawl on Saturday.
He said that as in the past, there were about 100 students who attended the school, but now there are many new students who intend to come to the school. “It is the reason why the management of the school has made the children suffer and immediately start running the school,” said Bah K.Muktieh.
On the other hand, Bah Kharkrang said that the people should not be deceived by the robbers through the phone in such cases.
Two schools from East Khasi Hills and East Jaintia Hills have reached the final of the State Level Subroto Mukherjee Football Tournament organized by the Sports Department of the State Government.
“On our part, we have given one day that if the government does not dismiss these policemen involved in the killing of people in Mawlai villages, we too will not be able to take part in the Peace Committee,” he said. state.
At present, Sohra is facing a major problem in terms of garbage disposal which has started to spread due to the rapid growth of villages and the growth of tourism.
Therefore, it is necessary to speed up the cutting of meat and remove all the skin and fat, if eaten.
“The Police Department has many buildings across the state and therefore to allow the Police Department to maintain residences, offices and other works, it needs to have an Engineering Wing. In the absence of an Engineering Wing, the department cannot follow the time-consuming rules and regulations which require the involvement of various agencies to do even the smallest job even to repair the engineering wing. “I don't know what to do,” said the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma.
Meanwhile, Sampath Kumar expressed the difficulty of reaching the 7,000 villages in the area and expressed the need for the community to participate, the provision of doctors, Village Health Council (VHC) and Self-Help Groups (SHGs) in the prevention of cancer and expressed the need to work with boys especially in the management of mental illness and to provide support to them.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: Police on Tuesday arrested the Rangbah Shnong of Liarkhla, Ri-Bhoi District, Bah Donbor Rymbai, 41, for questioning on suspicion of murder of a woman. yesterday at Ryndangbriew, Mawiongrim.
Nongstoiñ, November 9: The Nongstoiñ Social Service Society (PSS) on Friday celebrated the International Day of Persons with Disabilities (PTSD) by organizing various activities. including drawing competitions by children with disabilities and other activities.
In the second half, Jeremy Nongtdu (62nd min) scored the second goal for Nongrim Hills while Banraplang Nongsteng scored the only goal for Sawmer in the 73rd minute.
She said that she has already discussed with the External Affairs Department to set up a passport office in Shillong and this work has gone smoothly and the department has allocated T.30 lakh.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng, 27: The residents of the border areas with Assam, have faced serious problems in transportation, illness and walking due to the lack of good transportation roads to their villages.
He said the meeting was held again on the 13th of this month to take action against the Governor.
We will continue our strike until we see the figure that the government will send to the Ministry for the allocation of ASHAs,” said Soni Kharjana.
However, at the same time, for the sake of the welfare of the state and the people, these refugees who have come to the state should return after the return of peace in Manipur.
Such ones may have the intention of harming themselves.
The KSU has demanded that the road should be constructed first and after the improvement of the road it can collect the money.
Police have registered a case against him under Section 9(g)/10 of the POCSO Act.
We cannot say that there are many who want to immigrate and stay in this beloved country.
The program was held at Dawki where the BSF provided food, accommodation and vehicles to transport them to their villages. West Khasi Hills, Dangar area and others.
They also directed the religious state in the area to cancel the Youth Convention which had to be canceled immediately.
The meeting, chaired by Ampareen Lyngdoh, lasted for four hours and Dr. Ricky Syngkon said that the reason for the delay of the meeting was because many people were talking nonsense.
“Information received by RTI showed that out of 700 tests, 570 tests were positive but it did not indicate whether the water was safe for consumption,” he said. KHNAM Youth Wing President Thomas Passah today met with the Minister of Urban Affairs.
Therefore, it is time for the government to pay special attention to the problems of the farmers especially in the rural areas who live by agriculture, because if the government does not have that responsibility to look after the prices of farmers. and it is useless to say that the government has a desire to improve agriculture, because how many farmers have benefited through government schemes.
I don't know exactly whether he was wrong or how it happened between them, especially when the power was still strong.
Guwahati, Naitung 17: The ULFA-I has claimed responsibility for the killing of two people in Pengeree in Tinsukia district of Assam. reports to its central office.
The arrested persons are Chidame Pale, Saibok Pyrtuh, Vincent Dkhar, Lamphrang Pyrtuh and Ripil Pyrtuh.
Ratan Sethia said the price hike is not only in his shop, but in all the supermarkets in Shillong, Marwari shops and other supermarkets.
To the east, it is bordered by the largest river in Khasi-Jaintia, the Kynshi River and the village of Thynrang Khmahjah.
Laitumkhrah Police are investigating to arrest Bikash and rescue the girl.
Police have arrested the suspects and when asked for their documents, they could not provide the necessary documents for their entry into India.
He also said that the ethnic parties end up in Khanapara and outside they don't know anything.
Shillong, November 05 : The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Border Areas of Ri Bhoi District has demanded from the state government that the Border Outpost in the area should be set up on the border with Assam. to the middle of the city far from the border.
At the end of the 1st FKJGP Christmas Cup Football Tournament, Moses United won the title after beating Brotherhood Bhoirymbong in the match which reached the tie breaker.
Many leaders of the National People's Party (NPP) have been talking and giving reasons to avoid the conflict, as Prestone Tynsong has said, Saket said, but the issues themselves are misleading and deceitful. The MDA government is working. The Khar Bengali foreigners will be in charge of the Khasi Hills.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the four friends of his had tried to help him out of the ground, but because he had been stuck in the ground for a long time, he had been stuck in the ground for a long time. he shall die.
She said that the stay at the trep house in Mawlynnong was memorable and pleasant because the people were welcoming and pleasant.
In the U-17 boys' category, Bakenang High School beat Resubelpara High School 2-1
Farmers need good seeds to plant.
The Dorbar Shnong has also informed the DC in the presence of the SP of the district, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger regarding the presence of vehicles and two-wheelers which drive fast when they come to Laitumkhrah after 10-10 hours: 30 pm because this poses a threat not only to them but to the passengers as well.
I also asked you to come home if you need anything.
I cannot help but share some of my thoughts when I hear the news that has really shocked the minds of many churches these days.
Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) has been facing a severe electricity shortage in Meghalaya for hours every day.
In fact, Bah K.Sawkmie had originally scheduled to hold this competition inside the khwai pond at Jyntru but due to the collapse of this pond on 28th June, the venue was postponed. To avoid the disruption of the competition, the organizers have moved the competition to another pond at RRTC Umran Ri Bhoi district for the first time. to hold a hunting competition in this pond.
He said that the main goal of KHNAM is to resolve the border issues which the state is facing.
