A total of 263 new cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed in Assam today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 3,6
Khliehriat, June 10: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Wapung Unit, on the 8th of this month, has submitted a petition to the Sub-Divisional Officer, 132/33 KV. The Electricity Department has requested the government to set up a Sub-Station at Wapungskur so that the electricity supply to the people of the area will be stable as the electricity shortage is increasing.
For more information, please call 8837035740, said Bah Ajoymeson Lyngdoh, CEO of NEIG. Shillong: The Sports Department of the State has spent T.49,05,000 lakh for the grants or assistance to 36 sports associations to participate and conduct sports events.
Shillong, Nailur, 01: The National People's Party (NPP) on Thursday celebrated the 76th birth anniversary of Purno A. Sangma, the founder of the party in the state.
Marshal Dkhar said that he has been a supporter and leader of the UDP in Mawhati since 1972 and this time he came to support Dr. Evarist Myrsing as the leader of the UDP in Mawhati. BJP candidate on the grounds that he has the confidence and confidence that this young man is a young man who has qualified and also that he is qualified to become the people's leader from Mawhati Constituency.
At 5:00 pm, the body was taken to Nazareth Hospital for post mortem and at 10:00 pm, the body was taken to the church. Cathedral to lay the body of the Archbishop so that the faithful can offer their last greetings.
In this shootout, two unidentified robbers were shot dead in the shooting.
Nangbah Mulang beat Shangpung Lumiawmushai 3-1 in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Friday.
Regarding his departure from the Congress party, Dr Mukul Sangma said it is no longer useful for him to continue talking about what has already happened with the Congress party. that he is only an outsider and an outsider in relation to the development works of the Congress party.
The second half of the match between the two teams was very colorful which did not impress the spectators.
The deceased were identified as Rakki CH Sangma, DFM Lekichyne Ryngklem, Dondiram Marak, Bipul Rabha and Manshanstar Nongdhar of the 3rd MLP Battalion.
Haque was arrested by the police and taken to court for trial.
According to Dr Donkupar, the mid-term MDC elections have come only because of the desire of the government especially the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to remove the CEM of KHADC Bah Pynshngain N Syiem.
Therefore, the World Bank has been proposed to provide special funds for these projects which the KHADC intends to implement and as of now the Council will provide the preparation and also the allocation of funds required.
He said that the country needs to be freed from plastic pollution and everyone needs to fulfill their responsibility to protect the environment.
Mary Tlang Memorial Trophy.
“You get the ILP even if you don't ask for it,” said Shah.
“God has sent me to contest this election and to protect the race of my people,” said the 63-year-old candidate.
In Zone 1, Shillong CA (A) beat East Khasi Hills by eight wickets while Tura beat North Garo Hills by three wickets.
He also congratulated the FKJGP of Lyngkhom Unit for leading the way for the youth in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong.
JOWAI: The youth have forgotten God who created the new era, said Pastor SG Ryngksai while speaking at the KJP Synod Mihngi Youth Service at Wapung at 1 pm.
On the other hand, Balios Swer said that if the Supreme Court rules against the demand of the Coal Workers Union, they will convene another Public Meeting to decide on another course.
Dr Ampa Reen said that since the MDA government came to power, there has never been a single invitation to speak to political parties or political parties and she wants to win their opinion. and they shall do whatsoever they will.
Before Pastor Ryngksai gave the message from the Word of God, the Choir of the Sadew, Delegate, Wapung and Standing Choirs of the KJP Synod Mihngi performed.
Under the leadership of the Director of Economic Census, Bah Arnel Marbaniang, the purpose of the census was explained for the need for the government to develop plans for the income of the people of the state.
Charles Marngar informed the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District who immediately took action on the incident. Within a few hours, the DSP and the Incharge of Mawlasnai Outpost arrived. The SP, DSP, ADM, Border Magistrate and SP of Hamren, West Karbi Anglong were also present.
However, he tells the Holy father that he does not have enough money to pay the tuition fees at the Academy.
The speakers at these services will be Rev. BB Lamin (Moderator PCI) on the 9th at 6 pm, Rev. A. Thapa on the 10th at 6 pm, Rev. A. Thapa on the 10th at 10 pm; SK Sahu (Vice President, World CE Union), 1:00 pm Rev. GPL Gadew and 5:30 pm Rev. Babu Rao (Vice President Madras Diocese CE Union).
The number of Aircel users in Shillong alone has increased except in the rural areas, but despite the large number of users, the users have complained that the presence of only one head office in the market and Motphran areas has caused problems. Many of them have to run many jobs in a day and it is difficult for them to spend time standing in line there.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, today witnessed the Behdienkhlam and expressed his gratitude to the Seiñraij Mukhla for organizing this Behdienkhlam every year and wished it to continue to grow. go forth in good works.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The KSU Jaintia Hills District has strongly opposed the proposal of MP Bah Vincent H Pala to advocate for the construction of a railway line in Sutnga Elaka, without considering the future of the minority.
The statement said that the Director said that there may have been some difficulties in the implementation of the MP Election Model Code of Conduct Regarding the absence of a full time Principal, he said that the suspension of all teachers in all government schools in the State has to be temporarily suspended and this will be considered. by this department and also to do so as soon as possible for the benefit of the students.
They used to appoint a special Rangbah Kur who was a member of the Longkni clan to teach and strengthen the brothers and sisters, to drive and to help in the suffering of the army.
These words remind me of one of the politicians whom some love to call the Pioneer of Freebies Distributors.
Not only that, but the FKJGP leader said that the Assam's intention to take water from the area, by implementing heavy machinery, will also affect the area and the future generations. They lived in this area, which is also one of the areas inhabited only by the Khasi.
She said that she cannot see that the education departments in the state will be treated like this, as St. Edmund College has been.
No Entry at Thomas Jones Junction Towards D.C Office No Left Turn at Wahnangbah Junction Towards D.C Office No Entry from Mission Compound road towards D.C office No Entry at Dawki stand towards Mynthong road (District Library) No Entry at Khimusniang (Umshangiar Junction ) towards Jrisround No Entry at D.C junction towards Jrisalein Ground (via H.K Singh) No Entry at H.K School Tri- Junction towards Jrisalein Ground All Vehicles coming from residential area will be diverted towards lamusiang i.
Speaking to Kynjatshai, Bah Lanong said that after winning six seats alone, he feels comfortable as an MDC but if someone comes to force him to contest, the decision will be taken.
The source said that the family members of Bah Bodywell are only a family living on daily wages and they have also told the robbers that they did not have the money. They are only employees, and it is learned that the robbers have increased the 7 lakh tyngka which they demanded to 3 lakh tyngka. The family members of the deceased are still worried about where they will get the money.
The organization invites all to participate.
Honsen Lyngdoh will be the chief guest and Minsing Makri will be the symbud chief guest.
Shillong, November 7: The owners of quarries in Shella Constituency have said that they have spent a lot of money to obtain the documents to get the Quarry Permit and Mining Lease but they have not yet received it.
It is possible that the distribution of income will be halved.
New Delhi: India will host the 14th Conference of Parties (COP14) to the UN Convention to Combat Desertification (UNCCD) from 2-13 November, 2019 at the India Expo Center & Mart, Greater Noida.
Reporters asked Shylla why Congress women in the state came forward to oppose Vinay's remarks on Priyanka Gandhi while they remained silent on the violence and rape of Priyanka Gandhi. Julius Dorphang MLA Mawhati, MLA Julius Dorphang, MLA Mawhati, has been raped by a 14-year-old woman in the state. Lat was accused of being a woman.
However, as the MLA scheme is still only Rs 10 crore, it cannot provide for the people of the constituency.
In this regard, the FKJGP Mallangkona Border Area Unit strongly condemns the brutal act of the Assam Police for shooting and bombing the people without forgiving them. children and children along with the arrest of the elderly at Boko Police Station.
Therefore, the government does not need to punish them.
BRS candidate Pailla Shekar Reddy has a net worth of Rs 227 crore, while Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao has announced a net worth of Rs 59 crore.
“On the other hand, the Union Minister has given a hopeful reply on that day by saying that not only himself but everyone has spoken on this issue and that they have already spoken between “They have agreed with me but they have not yet taken a final decision,” he said.
The political situation in the state these days, there are many struggles and greed between the leaders, that is, between the leaders in power who are in government and those who are in power. representatives in the opposition.
The two organizations also demanded that the Prime Minister Narendra Modi should take immediate steps to resolve the conflict in Manipur in order to restore peace. They are located in the state of Manipur.
At the same time, he urged the youth to be strong in mind and to trust in God because life without God is useless.
Earlier, Kareena had reportedly rejected Saif's proposal.
Shillong, Nailur : The residents of Mawkynroh Umshing Block-1 Block-3 have expressed their gratitude after receiving a new road which has made it easier for them to travel.
Lamkmen Rymbui said the government will impose a curfew from tonight to curb the violence in the state especially in Sohra, Shella, Ichamati and Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The MLA of North Shillong Constituency on Tuesday expressed his deep sorrow over the spread of corruption in the state and the corrupt life of the leaders whom we have elected to lead the party. the Ïing Dorbar because the work and the words they speak do not match at all.
Similarly, farmers should ask and inquire from the agriculture office where to get the pesticides to be used in agriculture.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) is pleased to say that it cannot accept this, because the subject Hindi itself is a very difficult subject to learn for those who do not speak this language, and this will put pressure and will burden the students.
Dr Mukul said the suspect was also found to have a relationship with the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma, where a picture of him sitting with his wife and Henry was also found. one of the most important meetings in New Delhi.
The Rawon of Shnongpdeng is Bah Devanan Lymba.
“The condition was very serious where the kidney came out and according to our inquiry, the family members said that they had arrived since 7 am inside the Civil Hospital but until now, from the Police in Ri-Bhoi District on Friday seized 826.31 grams of gold weighing 826.31 grams and arrested the snier. two men, including a woman.
The gradient of the road from Nongkhlaw to Mawphlang does not exceed 35 degrees and this section of the road from Mairang to Mawphlang was constructed and rebuilt by Shan Manik Syiem, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
The future of any nation depends largely on the character of the youth of that nation, especially the school children of that nation.
Chinese food in restaurants and hotels should be stopped completely and shops selling these foods should be closed completely,” Athawale tweeted after the shooting. Indian and Chinese troops in the Galwan area of ​​Ladakh.
The dark and heavy clouds will disappear and be replaced by bright, strong, and lightning-like clouds.
King Khan, one of the stars of Bollywood, has turned 27 in the Hindi film industry.
The state of Tamil Nadu is a developed state.
The color of Phan skin comes from beta-carotene, the darker the color, the stronger the medicinal properties of the minerals.
In a statement, BJP Meghalaya General Secretary Dipayan Chakraborty said, “The government should hand over to us if it cannot create it, so that we can go to the central government”.
“I leave it to the wisdom of the voters because if we talk about political participation as a political party, there will be no end.
The crowd forced the police to fire lathi bombs at Sholavaram.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today urged the elderly of the state to fight as much as possible not to leave their homes or to mix with the crowd. The corona virus affects the elderly.
He said that the government has been working tirelessly to complete this task despite the problems especially in terms of land acquisition due to the implementation of the Right to Fair Compensation of Land Act. to review and proceed in accordance with this Act.
Prestone also told the story of how he encountered the readiness of the hospital to help those in need in 1979 when the foreign protests were going on. He and his friends found a man lying lyngktar in the blood with the help of him and his friends and took him to the hospital and later it was learned that he was from Kolkata, said Prestone.
This makes it a place for their children to live and they live like two lizards in their homes.
We have had to improve a lot in terms of traffic,” Kejriwal told reporters.
TIPRA Motha leaders said that out of the T.619.25 crore allocated for the TTADC in the 2022-23 fiscal year, the Tripura Government has not been able to release T. .126.59 crores valid.
Until now, the guards at the check post have been focusing on commercial vehicles, while private vehicles have not been checked. , Is the transportation of foreigners without permits and mynder ri, is only commercial vehicles? There is not even a written statement that this place has been set up by the government to prevent the entry of illegal foreigners and mynder ri.
Along with this grant, the farmers have been assisted to provide training on how to farm to increase their income and how to sell or market their produce.
In Khasi-Jaintia, this plant can grow without irrigation, only rainwater is sufficient.
Perhaps you don't want to accept it.
Therefore, these are the main steps and within 10 years for these to happen, we should really receive praise,” said Bah Paul.
Looking at what the minister has done, I feel that this is an abuse of power and I take it as a bias, and an insult to me and I will see what to do," she said.
He said that the road from Rymbai to Golakhat to Huroi to Muktapur is in progress and this will solve the problems of the people living on the border.
This action of the police, has shown clearly that it is an act of violence against the members of the party, Khasi youth and the Jaidbynriew as a whole and it also shows that the way the police work, they are skilled only in time. There is a protest by the KSU and other political parties, but when there is an attack on the border area by the Assam police and the Karbi rebels (KPLT), the state police cannot do anything.
T.2000 amounts will continue. Can T.2000 amounts be used for payment purposes? Yes.
Tura, July 01: The Women's Trading Organization (WTO) Tura has sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of GHADC, Albinius Marak regarding the issue of trading licence and provisional tax. inheritance in the Garo Hills.
We have only until June to prepare ourselves as the ECI will soon announce the dates of the elections.
He said that the Management Committee of the department will look after the farm.
We who have not had the opportunity before are happy.
Leaders of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) and the KHNAM have left the meeting of political parties convened recently by the State Government. They discussed only the Roster System without mentioning the Reservation Policy, 1972 because according to these two political parties, it is necessary to amend the Reservation Policy.
The NPP feels that this is the fear of the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma of the rise of the NPP in the state and especially the emergence of the name of Conrad who could lead the Congress in the elections. to come in 2018.
“If you look at my election issue, Sohra should be upgraded to district and Mairang should also be upgraded to district,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The curfew called by the HNLC will start from 6 pm today and end at 6 pm tomorrow. The curfew will start from 8 pm to 6 pm and will end at 6 pm on the 2nd of July.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The AJYWO has lodged a complaint with the Chief Executive Member of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) regarding the appointment of a Nepali as the Rangbah Shnong of Umthe village. within the boundary of Sutnga District, a village inhabited only by Nepalis.
It is a family where the Lord Jesus Christ is the Head of the Household.
At the same time, Akbar has made it clear that he will not resign as a minister of the Indian government, but will fight by filing a lawsuit.
The Supreme Court's decision was taken by Chief Justice SA Bobde after hearing a PIL filed by the Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) led by Jairam Ramesh. .
Besides the Niamtre believers from all over the villages under the Sein Raij Tuber, believers from other Sein Raijs in Khasi Jaintia will also attend.
However, Bah Kharkongor said that the Council officials did not close down the shop, but sent the most produced goods to the streets of the people.
The fire broke out and those inside the house fled outside to escape the fire, but they could not help the child, who died in the fire. hi the same place, according to the report.
In the attempt to form a government without the NPP or BJP, after the elections, the VPP, which has four MLAs, has agreed to join forces with the UDP, TMC, Congress and HSPDP. and independent MLAs, but this failed after the HSPDP MLAs went to form a government with the NPP. Before the VPP, it was there but it didn't reach the goal,” said Ronnie.
“When the drivers got drunk, they threw the body somewhere and took back the vehicle,” said Bah Vivek.
The NITI Aayog has shown that the headcount ratio of Meghalaya in NFHS-4 in 2015-16 was 32.54% while in NFHS-5 in 2019-21 it was %, indicating that the number of poor decreased by 4.75%.
“Three companies of MLP police have been deployed,” said the SP, adding that the situation could have been controlled without any incident.
Therefore, regarding the refusal of treatment and the announcement of COVID-19, the Kur Khymdeit through these leaders, would like to seek clarification from these hospitals, in which they have raised nine issues and these Whether it is the duty of hospitals to provide emergency treatment to such cases or whether they should be tested for COVVID-19 first? Isn't it the responsibility of hospitals to save lives? Who will be responsible if something bad happens to this mother and especially to the unborn child and why these hospitals? Pre-mature or Cesarean section at other times and those who have adequate child care facilities are not allowed. He asked why the Bethany Hospital announced that this woman has received Covid-19, without testing properly, doesn't the report from NEIGHRIMS show that you have such a disease? Why didn't Bethany use the rapid test? He asked why NEIGHRIMS, which is the designated hospital for the treatment of covid-19 and other diseases, initially refused. to take care of this woman.
Witting said his intention to meet Dr Mukul Sangma was to discuss the Civil-Sub Division in Mawshynrut, as the Prime Minister has not done anything so far. When he met him, he promised to open it, without setting a date for it.
It is to be recalled that Jan Bhagidari is the active participation of the people in the field of education.
Laskar said that the time that Lotha wanted to talk was five hours, but on Laskar's part, it was twice Laskar's time, or shiphew hours. Lotha has proposed to fight against Mukul Sangma.
The incident started at around 6 pm, while Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, the NPP candidate was giving a campaign speech to explain to the people why she came forward to contest the election. elections and also to seek support.
At the same time, the state can sell the electricity it cannot use to other states and Meghalaya will have the opportunity to earn money.
Shillong: Leaders of the Delhi Shiromani Akali Dal, today met with Prestone Tynsong, Chairman of the High Level Committee (HLC), to demand that the government should resolve the issue. kynram, which is above the place where the khar metor lives.
Speaking to media, the HNYF leaders said that the government's lack of attention to the issuance of licenses by the shops has caused the loss of many lives. crore of revenue per annum which has created a budget crisis for the government which is struggling to pay the salaries of its employees.
Preparations are underway for the funeral of former South African President Nelson Mandela, who was the country's first president.
She praised the efforts of all the District Force who took part in the search for him and the search for Bah Baskhembor Nongbet is ongoing.
This was announced by BJP Leader AL Hek while talking to reporters.
When I reached the village, he said to me, “Oh, the villager is also late” and I replied, “I don't think you can ride a Sumo” and he said, “We are used to riding a Sumo”.
The Minister said that any company that can take over the operation of 108 vehicles in the state should provide services in collaboration with the state owners, the existing 108 employees.
In fact, religion can have its own worship without affecting the feelings of others, even if they perform on any day, they should not judge others.
Laloo was accompanied by coal owners including Agustine Shanpru, President of the MCTOOA, Pynskhemborlang Sawian, T War Dkhar and Madal Sumer.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 19: In a statement issued today, the Publicity Secretary of the Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA-CB) East Jaintia Hills, Wastar Sympli, said that the The RJYF has expressed its full support to the DC, EJH on its request to the DC, EJH to erect a memorial to Woh Kiang Nongbah in East Jaintia Hill District, Meghalaya. The name of this Khla wait of Jaintia Hills will be remembered from generation to generation.
Why for? Doesn't Pisa go where it should? Here too we know crystal clearly, the reason.
Therefore, on behalf of the village, the College should pay special tribute to her courage and her best example so that the youth can follow in her footsteps.
JOWAI: The drama of the MDC elections in the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) may last longer as after the news that eight MDCs have joined the BJP, it has thrown away all the plans and shaken them up. The UDP and the NPP have been working together to gather their MDCs.
In these rivers, the Dorbar Shnongs, Sengbhalang and Water Protection Organizations have put up signboards in every place and written warnings, but the robbers do not believe and do not care.
Many eligible youth have lost their jobs due to the current Reservation Policy.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall in Tura town last night and flooding started at 9:45 pm on Friday night and continues till this morning.
Staline H.Diengdoh, MCS, SDO, Ranikor Civil Sub Division in his speech as the chief guest expressed his gratitude to the Mawkyrwat District Cycling Association (MDCA) for organizing such an event. competition where it is also for the first time.
Despite the heavy rains and strong winds in many parts of the state due to Cyclone Remal, the drug trafficking has not stopped.
According to a statement from the General Secretary of NTMCODA Nongstoin, the increase in sumo fares in these areas will come into effect from the 1st March 2015 tomorrow.
It is here that the puriskam story of the seven blind men of Hindustan who revealed their own knowledge of what the elephant was like.
“On the 10th of this month, we met with the Secretary to the Ministry of Education, Ambrose Ch. .
The Sur ka Bri u Hynniewtrep has urged the state government to immediately release the report on the shooting death of the former HNLC leader. On the 1st of this month, the Sur ka Bri u Hynniewtrep, decided to raise the flag across the Khasi Jaintia Hills and also to hold a meeting in Mawlai.
Sneha said, “The most important thing is to verify the age of the child and if there is doubt about the age of the children, permission should be obtained from the JJB to verify the age according to the rules of law.
“You can’t just expect change to come in a day or two.
This was announced by the Chief Executive Member of KHADC on Tuesday while speaking at a meeting at the Hima Khyrim Hall.
All Umphniang Sharak Vendors after submitting the Appointment Order must also submit a Challan of T.10.00 (Shiphew tyngka) for Fresh and T.5.00 (Five tyngka) for Renew. The Treasury Challan shall be issued to the Head of Account and shall be submitted to this office.
The Seiñraij Jowai through the KKC has commemorated U Kiang Nangbah, the hero of the Pnar people on the occasion of the Independence Day of the country on the 15th July
God is full of anger at man's actions especially in this age and asks for God's mercy even in the midst of His anger against mankind here on earth.
He said that as the party's goal is to produce leaders who will take over the leadership, it is their duty to listen to the advice of the leaders.
He said that the department has also received the assistance of the Flying Squad to release the vehicles quickly when there is a traffic jam.
If God will deliver Meghalaya from the plague, there will always be a desire for glory among the religions.
HYC Rimuliang Unit President Dinistar Wanniang said that the 11th Gorkha Regiment troops came in a pickup and a truck along with Nepalis and They held a meeting for the construction of the Police Out Post but due to the arrival of the people and the state police, it failed.
Our farmers are happy to buy jhur at the price of Marwari because if they don't, the jhur will rot.
Wushu has also been included in the Meghalaya Games 2020 but unfortunately the Meghalaya Wushu Association does not have an arena for the event. children of the players of the state.
“We cannot accept the CAB in its current form but we can reconsider whether the people of the North East accept it if its rules are changed,” he said.
SHILLONG: Two youths have lost their precious lives in two accidents in the state.
This is what the country asks every Khasi youth, every Khasi elder and also Khasi women, because during the time of Tirot Sin Syiem there were women who showed their skills. their bravery, such as Phan Nonglait and others.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 15: Thousands of people from all over the Nongstoiñ area, have gathered to listen and participate in the public explanation of the Voice of the People's Party, on the principles of the party. on Tuesday at a public meeting held in front of the market in Nongstoiñ.
The National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) Shillong has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the North Eastern Handicrafts and Handlooms Development Corporation Limited (NEHHDC) of the Department of Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER), Government India.
“The vessel after the chase was found to be an Iranian vessel with five Iranian personnel on board.
For the sake of peace and order, the Government of India must take the final decision, because the authorities are the authorities.
He said that the Congress in the North East is like the branches of a tree that will soon fall from the wind.
The incident happened at Lumshnong PHC under Sutnga Saipung Constituency and Lumshnong C&RD Block, East Jaintia Hills where a woman who was waiting for the hospital took part in the nurses and doctors to give birth to her baby boy. one of them was from Chiehruphi.
Commenting on hospitals, schools and colleges, Abhishek said, “Shillong Medical College is only in the books and Tura Medical College is the same.
Does your Chief Minister have the same opinion?
They said the government should ensure implementation of the MRSSA as promised by inaugurating the entry-exit point at Umling, Ri Bhoi district and to notify the District Task Force Committee in order to regulate the entry of outsiders into the state.
The inspection started from the Myntdu Bridge on the Jowai-Shillong road and visited the 'kam kam' liar 'kam kam' which has been affected by the construction of the road. as well as the construction of the By-Pass road from Khliehtyrshi to Treiongriang where it was found that the landslide has been excessive and could affect the entire Wah Myntdu.
Shillong: The North East Forum for Indigenous People (NEFIP) led by CoMSO has held its first Federal Assembly in Aizawl, Mizoram. on the 5th and 6th of this month.
After receiving a tip on the smuggling of the drugs, police conducted a search operation near SIRD Khanapara and seized a vehicle ML 05 C 6 Police have seized 60 grams of heroin weighing 765 grams,” said Dimple Goyari, OC of Basistha Police Station.
After talking to the Executive Engineer of PWD Building, he said that it has been handed over to the GAD (A) Department to manage but without managing it, they have started to demolish or lay the foundation. eat fish.
Together, they managed to increase the runs for the team despite playing slowly, and this was understood after losing two wickets in the first five overs.
Nongpoh: The Association of Persons with Disabilities (APD) in Ri Bhoi District (APD) on Saturday celebrated its 100th birthday. tip as the International Day of Persons with Disabilities at Khlieh Umtrew.
Shillong: The HSPDP has set a target to erect a statue of its first president since its inception in 1968, Ma Hoping. stone Lyngdoh, said that the statue of the tree will be erected at the border of West Khasi Hills District at Mawphan Lur.
“I have received a complaint that there has been no fair and orderly appointment.
"Our old system has stood to this day amidst many tests.
When asked whether the government will set up an inquiry into the allegations, the Minister said, “There must be facts to set up an inquiry.
“We had planned (to invite them) this month, but it seemed that some of the HPC members did not have time.
As married people, we do not need to be taught by others what to do and what not to do.
Sanvert Kurkalang led Efty to win the title by scoring 63 runs and was also named man of the match.
S.DkharHead Village, Sohra.
“We don't know the allegations against the three deceased,” said the Sordar of Smit, Bah Kynsai Manik Syiem. Manda Sangma on Monday.
Two MDCs of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bindo M Lanong, MDC from Nongkrem Constituency and Lambor Malniang, have decided to leave the party. On the other hand, UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh said that he has not received any information from the Executive Committee of the KHDF. The party has decided to hand over the matter to the MDC Leader Bah Titos W Chyne to consider the matter.
The management of the Institute, besides the struggle for the rights of the staff of NEIGRIHMS, is also concerned about the provision of health care to the poor patients of the North East.
Researchers from the Universities of Bath, Bristol and Southampton hope that this will prevent many diseases.
Conrad was speaking during the election campaign across the 41-Songsak Constituency led by Dr Mukul Sangma.
On the other hand, police have arrested two youths, Sanborli Dkhar and John Syiemlieh, on the complaint of Moonstar Lyngdoh Nonglait, driver of the Mahindra Max. At 9 pm, these KSU suspects forcibly took seven passengers from his vehicle heading to Nongjri and took them to Trongpleng.
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu, who is the leader of the Telugu Desam Party (TDP), has met Rahul Gandhi this morning to prepare for the cooperation of the opposition in the MP elections. 2019.
East Khasi Hills has 85 cases, East Jaintia Hills 2, Ri Bhoi Hills 2 and West Garo Hills
The ILP should protect us and those who say it cannot protect us will be an insult to those who demand ILP,” he said.
Twice or thrice this thing came to light that night alone.
Shillong, Nailur 22: U President of the HSPDP Hoping Stone Lyngdoh has been admitted to the ICU at NEIGRHIMS Hospital.
Shillong, Lber 08: The Export Promotion Industries Center (EPIC) in Byrnihat, Shillong, has affected not only the environment but also the crops in the surrounding villages. especially in the village of Upper Bagan, Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, July 10: Two KSU leaders have been arrested on 29th November 2013 on charges of involvement in the petrol bomb blast at Bishesh War's shop. Das in Bishnupur and died of serious injuries;  They have been charged under the MPDA and are currently in William Nagar District Jail.
There are said to be more than 30,000 Thais living and working in Israel until Hamas launched an attack on Israel on March
In Jowai, the Water Supply Department has increased the price of water supply for 10 months, but the shortage and inadequate hours of water supply in the city have caused water shortage to the residents. at all times.6.
Besides, Bah Wellbirth said that the rights of the indigenous people of the region are also being violated in these days by the introduction and implementation of various laws by the Government of India. to the paid nation.
Later, as the Instrument of Accession was forcibly signed, the Nehru government did not respect the Standstill Agreement, and after a while it was abolished on 9th July without signing the Instrument of Merger.
Regarding the border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam, he said that since the past of the previous governments, there have been only status quo agreements which have not reached anywhere. Neither in heaven nor on earth”, but only the MDA government has been able to resolve this issue and only the second phase remains.
Although some of his teammates were dropped earlier, Raj was supported to increase the runs by Jaskirat Singh Sachdeva, who tied 81 runs from 157 balls (10x4s, 2x6s).
You Landed Shiwat.
The Chief Minister of New Delhi also expressed his regret over the ongoing bloodshed which has left many people homeless.
CHAPTER – 10The month of July.
To avoid any injury to the passengers, the FKJGP Sengkmie strongly warns them not to do so and if any passengers encounter or find such a vehicle, they should inform the FKJGP Sengkmie. that it will do the needful, he added.
Christmas was celebrated at the Community Hall of RLSSCO in Bishnupur.
About 10 schools from Amlarem C&RD Block have participated in the Block Level Science and Environment Fair.
In a letter to the DC's office, Bosswel Khongthohrem said that the ration distributor, Bah Sahnam Diengdoh, as shown in the video, has sold AAY rice at the price of 5 tyngka per kilo. The Government of Meghalaya has increased the price to 3 tyngka per kilo.
Shwameiaki Kharumnuid scored the goals in the 3rd and 8th minutes, Banpyndap Ryndong in the 10th minute and Rijoylang Syiemlieh scored the 10th goal for Dilingiem YSCWA in the 55th minute.
Acknowledging that it is necessary for the government to empower Judicial Magistrates in their District Courts, he said that they should not affect the powers of the District Councils as discussed in the meeting with the Prime Minister.
FKJGP President Ricky Shylla Secretary Shylla said that they took this decision at the High Level Committee meeting of FKJGP held on 25th November 2019 and unanimously decided to expel the President of FKJGP Khliehriat Circle. , and Brotherly Siangshai.
He said that the most worrying thing for them is that the course will end only for 3 years and beyond that it cannot be extended and the 3 years will end in November. this year.
He said that the North East has been affected by heavy rainfall and many roads especially constructed by BRO (Border Road Organisations), some by PWDs and officers have been directed to prepare detailed project reports (DPR). and he will spend more money because the Prime Minister of the country has made it clear to the North East that development is the priority.
“I don't want to condemn or insult the elderly man who has shown a good way of working, but we see that although he is a man who has learned and grown up, he wants to be in power. “I don't want to be in power,” she said.
Metbah Lyngdoh and SK Sun also failed to win their candidates.
It happened that he was also interested in photography and he received accurate information that the photography was discovered only in 1839, after the death of Tirot Sing Syiem.
He said that the KSU and the people of the border area demand that the Meghalaya government should take action against the Pnars in Khanduli village as the harassment of the Pnars in Khanduli village continues till today. .
The exact cause of the accident is still unknown and police are conducting investigation into the incident.
The village authority has also submitted a petition to the Governor, Satya Pal Malik who visited the village on Thursday.
The training is affiliated with NEHU, Shillong.
He said that it is a benefit to the students in their studies because of their ability to pass the final examinations, which is also a pride for the country and the nation.
Therefore, if each school has about 800 students, it means that there are at least 500 or 600 small vehicles parked along the road without those schools. the time they came to school until the time they came to school.
Shillong, Lber 12 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the Government will punish severely according to the law those involved in the IED bomb blast in Mawlong Market. , on the 9th of October.
During the meeting, the Minister expressed his satisfaction to be able to discuss this issue and promised to take action on this issue to see how to implement the This Block, he said that he will look into this matter.
Nongpoh: The Shad Sajer in Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi, today was held at two places at the Raid Nonglyngdoh. On the other hand, the 12th Lyngdoh Confederation of Sports, Arts and Culture, was held at Madan Pahamsyiem, Nongpoh.
Replying to a question whether the United Democratic Party (UDP) has come to seek support for the by-elections, the Acting President of the PDF said that the party has not yet received a statement from the party. UDP on the mid-term MDC elections in Langrin constituency.
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYF) has visited the family in Nongdiwah village in a few days.
Perhaps if the women in each village were empowered to be the guardians of those who break garbage and to arrest such people so that they would have to pay a fine, it would be better.
The Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, congratulated the athletes who have shown their talents in the various sports in which they have taken part.
However, information received through RTI by Bah Disparsing Rani from the CPO, NHM Finance Division, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare shows that the Central Government has released financial assistance through the NHM during the India Covid-19 Emergency. The package for Meghalaya is T.15.61 crore for Phase-I and T.104.12 crore for Phase-II.
“We will implement this project in many areas and in the first phase the tender will be called for Rs 100 crore.
The complex was constructed in 2010-2011 at a cost of Rs 21.41 crore. The complex is built on an area of ​​3000 sqm and has 297 shops.
In the second half and extra time, both teams didn't do anything.
Speaking on the launch of the DREAM and BUILD projects on Tuesday, Bishnoi said the Union Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment has conducted a survey of the people across the country. which includes other States and other Union Territories.
Many types of sports were held during the festival such as biscuit race, water filling, spoon race, musical chair, mathematics race, knocking the bell, sack race, cock fight, 100m, 200m, relay race 4×1, ×1, long jump, high jump, football, quiz, spell wizard, group dance.
Before the programme, a two-day sports meet was held by the Sports Club. The sports meet was held in Race, Long Jump and so on. Elderly men and women, young people, children.
The child was identified as Addilynn and authorities pronounced her dead after trying to save her when she was taken to the scene. care.
Its inhabitants are Hindus and that is why it is called and known as Bharat,” said Bhagwat while speaking at a meeting at Soso Tham Auditorium today.
Purandare tied 14 fours for 149 balls while Riticia Nongbet scored 16 runs to lead Meghalaya to 200 runs.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) on Tuesday released a list of recommendations for the reshuffling of constituencies in Assam including the constituencies for the Legislative Assembly. Assam and constituencies for the Lok Sabha.
East Jaintia Hills Police with the assistance of Lakhipur Police, Assam have arrested a man who was a money launderer to buy drugs or other illegal beverages.
In the grave He slept, Jesus the Saviour, On the third day He rose, Our Lord.
The letter C does not exist at all in the Sohra language, while the letter C is spoken and pronounced in many parts of the dialect in the Pnar, War and also in the Western parts of Hynniewtrep.
In the first innings, Meghalaya lost all wickets and scored 111 runs, three wickets failed while four others scored runs with Jaskirat Singh Sachdeva scoring. good round to 30 rounds.
There are also many cases where patients go to hospital as private individuals but when they learn about the scheme and the rules under the scheme, the patients request the hospital to register them. are under the scheme to get free treatment.
Explaining about the road, the Rangbah said that the people have built the road only to reach their farms, for the sake of convenience. and especially in terms of transportation of their agricultural products, which are produced in these Kwai farms.
Ka CHETE Rani Syiem Nongbah and certain other inhabitants of Nongmynsaw forwarded with Commissioner, Surma Valley and Hills Division’s Memo No.382, Dated the 7th April 1938.
Everyone was wondering who would do first so that they could follow.
He compares what he sees and experiences in life.
He was arrested at 2 pm.
All the survivors were temporarily stayed in Zamboanga and Basilan where all the injured were sent for treatment.
And God said, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me? Saul was blinded, led into Damascus, and was blind for three days. Acts 9:1-9
Seven United SC from Eastern West Khasi Hills District has won four games today and has eight points while Mawten SC from South West Khasi Hills District has won four points. to play 3 games and score 4 points.
The world will soon have a population of five to fifty billion.
It is estimated that the depth of the water in the cave is about 380 feet.
The President's Rule is also good if there is only one incident in Meghalaya.
In the second match which started at 6:15 pm, Umrynjah SC beat Lumpyngngad SC 1 – 0 goals. Umrynjah SC scored the first goal in the 35th minute.
The four candidates of the Congress party are Osborne Kharjana from Sohiong, Gopal Stone Hynniewta from Mawsynram, Dannyson Kurbah from Mawphlang, Marbud Dkhar from Mawlai, Nehru Suting from Pynursla and Bah Sardonic Nongkhlaw from Nongkrem Constituency.
“Our MLAs have become Prime Ministers in their respective constituencies, we have empowered all MLAs because we want them as leaders of the people to decide for themselves what is best for their constituencies. ", he added.
The number of cases of covid-19 in the US has now reached 10,000 a day, similar to the increase in the number of cases last month, which spread across the country.
Likewise, those who worship also want to be punished.
When asked whether his job is to get the keys or to talk to the Syiem, the Acting Syiem said, “It is my honor to the Syiem”.
“All this has happened because of the stingy counting of the KHADC authorities especially the Executive Member of the Department of Trade and Labour.
It is sad for the journey of the nation and the state itself, because we have been deceived by those political leaders for many years”.
Shillong, July 29: Congress leader Deborah Marak has denied the BJP's allegation that the party is involved with dewbilat companies to increase the price of dewbilat for the upcoming elections.
What will happen to those farmers who used to earn a living from agriculture? Especially in the rural areas, many of the parents not only support to earn a living from agriculture. riang, but even to send their children to school, they have to work hard in the fields without counting the fire and stones, because they don't have anything else.
If we mention the house, the two youths, perhaps Kitkupar Shangpliang and Daniel Stone Lyngdoh Nonglait who have no connection with any political party, can carry such a responsibility if they are allowed to do so.
“The government wants to hide the violence of the police and does not want to reveal their involvement in the shooting of civilians. “If the government still has a fair trial for such a tragic incident, will the government give a fair trial to those who were shot dead by the police,” said HANM Jaintia Hills. .
Adelbert said that after receiving the letter from the ECI, he convened an emergency meeting on the 24th of this month and at that meeting Glenbert Khongwir was confirmed as the MDC candidate of the ECI. KHNAM from Mawkhar-Pynthor constituency and Bah THS Bonney as MP candidate from Shillong Parliamentary constituency.
They said that the police force should be strengthened in charge of traffic in Shillong.
“Our party has done the right thing to take this decision to appoint the new President Rikman G Momin as he is one of the oldest members of the party.
We should not expect too much to receive help from others or to be given shelter.
The villages of Padu which are without electricity include Padu Mawjyllang, Padu Mawsku, Padu Shnongpdeng and Padu Nongthymmai.
Guwahati: Congress MLA Rupjyoti Kurmi, who represents Mariani constituency in Upper Assam, has strongly condemned Nagaland's border encroachment on Assam land, which is also in his constituency. Kurmi alleged that this is Nagaland's plan for Greater Nagalim, where the plan of the Naga groups is to annex all the Naga areas. The border of Greater Nagalim.
The Convener together with other members will form the Units and inform the Meghalaya PCC. In another development, Phrinly Wanniang has been appointed as Adhoc President of the South West Khasi Hills, Mawkyrwat.
He said that the HSPDP has a goal to honor Maieid by erecting a monument at the office of the party but these works will be completed in 2017 when the HSPDP will celebrate its 50th anniversary. and on the same day the book of remembrance shall be released.
Matca needs about an hour to make a tin of matcha and contains a lot of chlorophyll.
He called the second, and she answered like the third.
The match on the 30th will be between Laitsohphie vs Sankhat at 1.00pm and Iong I vs Bright Boys Umkor at 2.30pm.
However, what appears outside is like the incident in Mylliem where the village has destroyed the grave of only one person and in the name of the village there has been a strong opposition during the visit to the President. the burning of the church building of the Nongshat Nongkheiñ Seng and the protests in various villages.
Langsning XI CC managed to score in 19.2 overs for the loss of nine wickets with Deibormi Rangad scoring 24 runs from 36 balls and Heimon Lyngdoh scoring 18 runs from 21 balls.
Speaking to media, Bah BB Makdoh Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs said that the Union of Rangbah Shnongs is deeply saddened by the increase in the number of cases of the disease. People have been forced to miss work and school children have been forced to miss classes due to the spread of the disease.
Adelbert has demanded that the CEM should give him the post of EM and he will hold the post of Trade and Industry for only seven days. Another KHNAM MDC, James Ban Basaiawmoit, has threatened the CEM not to give in or he will shake his seat.
The Act empowers the government to arrest, imprison and expel illegal immigrants.
The NPP has turned against the BJP since the formation of the NPP. Conrad Sangma has won a majority from the Tura seat, with the support of the BJP, but the chances of winning are only 50%.
All the vehicles coming from Bishnupur road and wanting to proceed towards Civil Hospital – IGP Point will not have to proceed to Anjalee Petrol Pump for a right turn but can turn on the Rhino Point itself and merge in the highway.
He is also a player who has suffered a bad performance in his career during the Aus tour of India in recent matches, where he has not been able to improve his tied style. He has played in two Tests in Nagpur and Delhi and has scored only 23 runs in one ODI.
The North East Zone Cultural Center (NEZCC), Dimapur, in collaboration with the Arts and Culture Department, Meghalaya, on Monday evening, organized a A program of traditional songs and dances as part of the tribute to the freedom fighter, Tirot Sing Syiem on the occasion of India's Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav. 75th anniversary of its independence struggle.
His victory will ensure the development of the region and development projects,” he said.
Even if you speak Hindi, the politicians say they don't want to speak inside the State.
At the end of the meeting, the union requests and suggests to the government, (1) that the baikit khaw should not be given only to the wholesaler, because the dealers also spend money, (2) to give extra (3) that the Government should expedite as soon as possible the payment of the bill for the transportation of ration.
Nongpoh: Fourteen households in Khweng and 2 households in Madanrtiang village in Ri Bhoi district have been placed in the Micro-Containment Zone. mih ha these bags.
After that, she asked for another dorbar and the Dorbar Shnong convened a dorbar on the 9th of May and in this dorbar she promised to perform the rituals with a khnia ka khriam. They don't get well at all and are quick to leave the village of their own free will.
The village authorities of Pdeng Shnong have handed over the suspects to the Sohra Police Station.
“There, these nurses said, 'You have given birth,' and they went back to the dormitory to sleep and not to the nurses' room at the hospital," he said.
Government officials of the Food Safety Commissioner's Office will also not be able to test each fish.
Regarding the complaint by the HYC members, the Syiem of Raid Marwet, promised to take action and conduct an investigation to find out the facts as to who gave permission to the HYC. Shillong: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has seized T.2.5 lakh cash from Garo Hills District today. The total amount received has reached Rs 25 lakh.
The KJP Girls' Higher Secondary School, Shillong, is the first school in the North East to provide education only to girls, and in its 131 years of existence, it has achieved many goals. They have appeared not only in the state, but in the country as a whole.
The introduction and proliferation of exotic species also affect native species as they have to compete to meet their needs in changing habitat conditions.
So those soldiers beat, sympathized and tortured Jesus in ignorance because they were not under the law.
When detailing the expenses for the festival, it was found that the room fee at Pinewood Hotel alone is T.3,55,985 tyngka, the food for the guests is T.16,43,893 tyngka and the cost of food for the guests is T.16,43,8 The amount of money spent on the step was T.24,09,1
There was a musical performance by the Khasi Seng from Wahkhen, a dance from Nongtalang and a song by the youth of the Seng Khasi Mawkhar.
This is a poisonous substance that affects the internal organs of the body such as the heart and lungs.
Let us strengthen ourselves, why should we destroy others?
But it disappeared without getting anywhere.
This is the fifth day in a row that Delhi has recorded more than 300 deaths a day.
The union has urged the police not to release these people, alleging that if they get bail, the kidnapping will spread.
Thousands of supporters of Bahduh kynsing have turned out to support his candidate from Mawkynrew Constituency who is also the village headman of Mawkynrew Constituency. four by the constituency.
The letter was signed and sent by M. Rynjah, Finance Secretary of the party or Synshar Khymdeit, Area Collector of East Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi.
For people who are still dark-minded and lack mental strength, social media becomes just a game and doesn't entertain them.
Participants and the Election Commission of India (ECI) have introduced a reporting system whereby the ECI can report to various parties on violations of the rules under Section 126 of the Representation of the People. Act, 1951 and other election rules.
They would rather have a non-Khasi-Pnar because everyone has come out and wants to be a leader.
Lion Sports and Youth Affairs (LSAYA) has decided to hold a fete to promote sports and to open up opportunities for children and youth to participate in various tournaments. This fete will be held on the 18th and 19th of January 2024. This fete will also be held as part of the construction of the gymnasium of LSAYA. .
Shillong: Evalyni Kharbani along with 34 traders and many leaders of traders' associations in the area; On 7th June 2021, they wrote to the Minister of Home Affairs, Government of India, demanding the expansion of the Land Customs Services (LCS), located at Majai-Bholaganj, East Khasi Hills.
Did you know that the clean water is not clean?
Tynsong also urged the political parties to join hands with the government, as this decision was taken after receiving the consent of both the states, Assam and U.S. state of Meghalaya.
Regarding the road from Umtyngngar to Sohra, he said, “I have seen in the media that the MDC of Sohra (Bah Titos W Chyne who is also the CEM of KHADC) has said that the road from Umtyngngar to Sohra has already received funds but it is not so and the file is still pending and we have not received the funds to implement”.
Shillong: U MDC of West Shillong Constituency, Paul Lyngdoh, today inaugurated the CCTV cameras in Quallapaty Village in the presence of members of the Quallapaty Dorbar Shnong and traffic police.
So, we are Indians... for all of us the society is the society of India.
Meanwhile, the UN also strongly condemned the Taliban's ban on female UN staff to help receive and distribute UN aid to Afghanistan throughout the country. big.
He said that the union is concerned that many difficult jobs have come from Umsning Police Outpost while the government has given back the status of Police Station by implementing only in 3 rooms of the VEC Umsohlait building. Surprisingly, until today, the government has not built a full-fledged Police Station.
MDC Titosster Well Chyne has sent emergency relief items such as food, clothes and money.
Speaking to u SP West Jaintia Hills, Bikram Marak, he said the investigation is ongoing and he could not give the names of the four persons.
This will work only within the border of East Khasi Hills District.
He expressed his regret that due to the darkness of the sky, it may affect the work in order to clean up the dirty part of the river on time.
He said that the college teachers under the umbrella of the MCTA are not under the jurisdiction of NEHU but the state government and it is its duty to invite them for talks.
however, the cause of the explosion has not been determined yet and investigation agencies are still following up to find out the cause of the explosion in the area.
The total number of cases has risen to 5,574 and the death toll has risen to 1,1
It is a tragic incident in which the storm has destroyed homes, property and tens of thousands of people have died, many of whom have reportedly died while at home. , while at sea and on the highways.
Shillong, November 16 : ExxonMobil Lubricants Pvt.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29 : The Meghalaya government on Tuesday set a target to complete 1,40,000 poor houses this year under the Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana (PMAY). .
Shillong, Lber, 16: Heavy fire has set fire to a house in Sohkynduh village, Khatarshnong area, Sohra, East Khasi Hills District.
In fact, the MSOA has already revived the Meghalaya Games, but this time, the Meghalaya Games will be canceled first. The Sports Federations of the State to take the lead in holding their sports programs as state championships, so that they can get the golden opportunity to select or field their sports teams to compete in the NE Olympic Games. .
He said that even in the midst of the difficulties, the government will work hard to develop the state and bring about the country's economy. roi that about.
Seven athletes from 29 states of India have competed in the tournament under the banner of the All Meghalaya Sqay Association.
The 41st Bennial Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of India (PCI) will be held at the Presbyterian Church Laitumkhrah from 30th June to 4th June
Your truck doesn't have a number plate.
Therefore, it is said that the EG.5 virus is very fast to spread and can also mutate.
“Antibiotics are wonderful drugs, but they face problems from time to time because of the resistance to various bacteria, especially Staphylococcus aureus.
There are two Union Territories (a) with Parliament, Delhi, Puducherry and Jammu & Kashmir (b) without Parliament, Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Chandigarh, Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu, Ladakh and Lakshadweep, under the jurisdiction of the Central Government.
On the other hand, Samla Sainia Sutnga President of KSU Iooksi Unit, said that the KSU will soon meet with the relevant authorities to force them to look after the school so that the children will not be affected. I don't have time to go to school during the rainy season.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Mawroh in collaboration with the Majestic Hotel has distributed food items to 300 poor people during the lockdown. The village has selected those who come to collect one from each household and ensured that there is social distancing during the collection of food and take them to their homes.
While the number of cases and people who came from outside the state, as of now, it is still low, but it is not yet known how many of those who have returned have tested positive. The disease in their bodies, which they had caught while they were on their way home.
He said that under the PMGSY scheme since 2018 till now, the construction of roads has been 2526 kilometers from the PMGSY, which has connected 600 villages and unlike the previous year which was only typically.
“He said that this will help NEIGRIHMS to recruit doctors at the hospital.
The TMC leader said that there are many opportunities for the players, especially for those who are good at playing.
Nongpoh: A Maruti Eco (ML-10-5213) belonging to Bah Tony Nongrum has been stolen while he was driving in Ri Bhoi District. in one of the places in Umran.
The meeting was conducted by Rtn.
He was one of the members of Shillong who won the Assam Inter District Tournament in 1963 at Karimganj.
In their petition, the drivers said that the price of electric vehicles should be increased compared to other vehicles.
It is understood that these youths have not had the opportunity to talk to ISIS leaders, but have been deceived only by articles appearing on websites.
Officials of Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) explained to the FFC members the implementation of the project and the generation of 126 MW of electricity. The FFC said they need more information on the implementation of the project before taking any decision.
On the other hand, Leyo Laloo Waheh Chnong of Dorbar Chnong Ummulong, as an expert, urged the day laborers to be united and work together so that the party will be stronger if there are any. any claims for their rights.
When inquired from the office of SDSEO Shillong, it was said that the reason for the delay is that there are too many schools within the boundary of SDSEO Shillong, so it is very difficult to collect and release them on time.
The tournament will be U-14 (600), U-16, U-18 & U-20 for 400, 800, 1500, 2000, 5000 & 10000 mts.
The project was launched by former Prime Minister Mukul Sangma in
The Prime Minister strongly supported the Lat.
It is learned that on Thursday night, the relatives tried to search for him after he did not return home.
The Seng has demanded that such people should be removed immediately and there should be proper rules for such people to be admitted to these Shelter Homes and not to stay longer but to to set a time when they shall have enough money to leave the place.
Oh said Seoul should remain vigilant in its plans to host some of the tournaments if the relationship is balanced and sufficient. por you iia can poi.
Therefore, the union strongly condemns the Government of India and UCIL which although the people of the State have expressed their opposition to the mining, but the Government of India together with UCIL are still planning to mine u. uranium.
Shillong: Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem has lodged a complaint in the Legislative Assembly against the spending of YouTubers as titles, just to please others with false news.
It is enough when such a purpose comes, for if you leave it lyngkrang like this, like a house without a door, without a lock, you will be destroyed by the one who finds it.
“The people will give a better answer to this tyranny,” he said.
According to the DPIIT, 3,865 startups have registered from the North East.
In this regard, the environmentalists have requested through RTI and received a copy of the letter 11001, dated 2nd November, 1987 sent to him. Capt WA Sangma, Chief Minister of the State at that time.
““In Nongthymmai, where water is more scarce, we will fight as much as we can to address these water shortages.
He said that the HNYF's visit to the Laitlyngkot shooting range is because the HNYF wants the truth and clarity to know which group has the right to run and shoot. the arrow that is used to hold the places that hold the “teem” signs.
After his retirement, the Assembly appointed him as Adviser to the Speaker.
A POCSO case has been registered at Mawngap Police Station.
Rupang also spoke to KSU General Secretary Auguster Jyrwa and HANM President Lam Kharbani. They expressed the same feeling that they have nothing to say on the issue. They will announce again after consideration.
He said that the first project (Ha Ri-lum Khasi) has faced obstacles because there have been problems in its path and the Government will have to resolve these problems as soon as possible.
Marboh said that members of the political class in various political parties are involved in poverty and economic development.
Meghalaya scored 237 runs for the loss of 4.42 runs per over.
The winners of the 16-year-old women's 100m race were Badaphun Nongrem of Nativity Higher SSM, Banrishisha Jyrwa of Jakrem Presbyterian HSS and Phibanpynkmen Syiem of JNV.
Shillong: Unidentified robbers have bombed the vehicle of KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah at Bishop Falls, Lower Mawprem this morning. , this is the Nexa Baleno Blue.
In order to ensure a link between initial education and continuing education, more than 21,000 JSNs have been produced.
Haka Long Jump U Lambhami Lamurong Govt.
This area passes through the Lapangap-Khanduli road which has been implemented under the MGNREGA scheme by the villages of Lapangap, Khanduli, Umshangiar and Pdeiñ Talo since
At her own discretion, she rides a horse and sells her manners and dignity, until the mynder speaks insultingly and even in foreign newspapers.
Thomas Jone's efforts to establish Khasi literature have also brought honor and status to the nation so that it will no longer be insulted by other great nations.
He said that the delay in the construction of the road may be due to the delay in running the water pipes from Mawphlang along the road.
In this regard, the Prime Minister's Office has appointed a committee headed by the Cabinet Secretary as chairman, Chief Secretary and other Secretaries of the Government of India as members to examine the request of the state government.
The village leaders also urged the district authorities of East Jaintia Hills not to believe the report of the NHAI and from now on they should seek the report from the village leaders of Narpuh regarding the cleaning work. The NH-6 from Mynkre to Malidor has been closed due to the fact that the NHAI officials in charge of this road have submitted a false report to the district authorities.
Shillong: The Animal Welfare Board (AWB) of the Government of India has issued a notice requesting the public to celebrate Cow Hug Day on the 14th of this month and to spread the word. to promote collective happiness, Government officials said on Tuesday.
“There is a problem that we should exterminate them, because they have become too numerous, like the Rohingya people in this country.
In the second half, Jaguar FC scored four more goals to beat the Blue Bombers but in the last minute, the Blue Bombers managed to turn the tide. Jaguar FC won the title by beating the Blue Bombers 5-1
The Best Cat Walk was won by Firstlin Roy Kam and Miss Beautiful Hair was won by Rortunate Mika Dkhar and the Best Costume was won by Rimika Dkhar. Miss Beautiful Smile is the best smile in the world.
“If this is the case, what is the point of the police calling the VDPs as the right hand but they are the right hand,” said Bah Lyndem.
According to Bollywood sources, Deepika and SRK have had to prepare well for the performance which is also from the special song of the film Jawan.
He also spoke about this disease where cleanliness is very important.
The UPPL, which had criticized the Bodoland People's Front (BPF), has now been criticized and it doesn't matter that the UPPL is in the BJP synrop. The media has urged the social media platforms to refrain from using any relationship between Basumatary and the UPPL party, as he has to be held responsible for what he has done and the party has no responsibility for his personal affairs.
Shillong, July 4: While the residents of Shillong were sleeping soundly in the middle of the night, they suddenly had to leave their homes to run outside because they were shocked by the earthquake this morning. .
In this regard, the CORP strongly opposes if the police arrest the Rangbah Shnong, why doesn't the police see the coal truck passing on the road? Shillong, said a statement sent by Bah Bandari Ryntathiang, President of CORP. Shillong: Ka Dorbar Shnong Laban , the Women's and Youth Organization, on the second day, held a welcome ceremony for the winner of the Miss India Global 2020 Talenticaa, Grace Nandy.
In this regard, a meeting of teachers or school leaders and DSO staff will be held on the 14th June, 2023 at 3 pm at the office of the District Sports Officer West Jaintia Hills. Jowai.
The road from Mawkdok to Khatarshnong is the oldest road in the state and has been surveyed since the 1960s when it was part of Assam.
and they shall dwell therein, and there shall be no more desolation, and Jerusalem shall dwell safely.
However, when asked which MDC to replace him as EM after the resignation of Bah LG Nongsiej of the HSPDP, the CEM said he would consider and look into it first.
It is learned that he also expressed his happiness to remain in the group and in these activities because he has not benefited himself but only for the benefit of these two groups. and also from the police from time to time.
The decision to cancel the soskular with NEEPCO was approved by the Cabinet at a meeting held at the Secretariat on Thursday.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 576 new cases have been confirmed and 5574 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
The Government should first announce those highly technical posts in various departments before appointing or inviting those skilled people from abroad.
If the NRC comes into force, the census year will be 1972 because Meghalaya got the state in that year,” said Paul, who is also a former KSU leader. “The Congress' opposition is their way of thinking because the NRC is no longer new but was introduced in 1951 when Meghalaya was still in Assam but when it started again. “It is necessary to have a census year to verify according to the documents and the year 1972 is sufficient because Meghalaya got its independence in that year”.
“In fact, there was a letter from the ED in April-November 2021 requesting clarifications, information and documents from MeECL on Saubhagya.
“The villagers are the ones who have done the most important work,” said Bah Vivek and called on the people to cooperate with the police to arrest such acts which destroy the society.
The School Week was inaugurated by the President of the Seiñ Raij Jowai, Hercules Toi as the chief guest, in the presence of CA Ram Kyndiah, Secretary SMC as the guest speaker, Bimi L. Suwer, General Secretary Loompyrdi Iongpiah, Secretary SMC. Members of the School Managing Committee include W. Challam, KF Laloo, teachers and students.
DToi conducted the ceremony.
During a thorough investigation on the same day, the police found that the man who died in a car accident, but the police have already registered a case and the investigation. on the incident will continue.
Students from Shillong who study in schools in Upper Shillong like Army School in 101 Area and Kendriya Vidyalaya in Eastern Air Command are among the worst affected,” he said.
Speaking to media on 23rd October, Conrad said that the soskular with the old company was abolished in the past years after 40 years of no work and now the government. is negotiating with several new companies to take over the business.
They have to bow down, they have to worship, they have to surrender to the mighty name of Jesus Christ, those in heaven, the angels on earth, human beings and demons, those on earth who are demons. dead, they must obey.
The President of the HSPDP, Bah KP Pangñiang, said that the names of all the volunteers who took part in the struggle for a full state will also be written on the monument.
CPC General Secretary JL Das said there are 257 community Durga Pujas and three private Durga Pujas in the state.
The Government should take immediate action to remove this anxiety of the self-employed.
Although the High Court has ordered the state government to ensure the exact payment of salaries, the government has not done so.
This time, we will not rest until our promises are fulfilled.
The union also suggested to the Executive Committee of KHADC to amend the Lineage Act in relation to Tangjait.
These accused should have been executed at the hands of the law as ordered by the court which tried them in 2019 and brought them before the High Court.
Other expenditure includes the purchase of vehicles for the Carona Care Center at Umsawli, the purchase of vehicles to carry Oxygen Cylinders and others worth T.1,01,81,388, the purchase of 10 vehicles. Ambulances funded by NESID T.1,59,98,650, T.2,58,84,000 for the construction of a pre-fab hospital in Tura, T.2,58,84,000 for the construction of a pre-fab hospital in Shillong. 2,58,84,000 and the construction of oxygen plants at Jengjal, West Garo Hills worth T.80,13,250 and at Carona Care Centre, Umsawli worth T.1,11,99,4
Shillong: Police have arrested 22 persons on the 3rd and 1st of this month during the two days of protest in Motphran.
He said that in 2017, LED (blub) up to T.8 lakh was purchased to distribute to the religious groups holding the festival but till now no one has received a single blub.
The heavy rainfall in the months of April-May 2022 has not yet been the rainy season until the roads around the area have been destroyed and cut off. I don't know about your state.
This is also confusing and confusing because in Khasi it is read or spelled in the same way.
In Assam, the Assam government has closed down the Central Jail in Guwahati and surrounding areas following the detection of covid-19 cases in the Indrapur hilltop area of ​​Guwahati.
“T80 tyngka,” said the seller.
Is what Jesus said and prophesied two thousand years ago happening again? Are we living in this covid19 pandemic to witness this behavior of people? These events or visions raise many questions.
Police have launched an investigation into the incident.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Lawanpynshngain War and welcomed by Aida C. War, Vice Principal of the College.
“According to the Rule, the license fee for Company Aggregators will be T.700 per annum per motorcycle or vehicle and the permit fee will be T.300 per annum, if they operate in The fee will be T.T.1300 for the license and T.200 for the permit fee, he said.
There is another word related to this word Raimaw Raidieng and that is the word Laimaw Laidieng.
He suggested that the government should also use former Chairman of the HNLC Julius Dorphang who is also a former MLA of Mawhati to take part in the peace talks.
Sudhan said the students can also apply for loans from SBI. They can also receive loans from the Minority, Tribal Affairs and Social Justice Departments of the Central Government.
During that journey he met a young man of the same character from another village.
Bah Monarch ShabongThere is a question, which is difficult to answer and that is whether we have made a mistake or whether Assam has any reason against us that it has to interfere with all our affairs. the State.
Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, President of the party welcomed him in the presence of Bah James S Lyngdoh, Bah Shitlang Pale, MLA and other leaders of the party.
MLAs Ujorki Sungoh, Comingone Ymbon and Sngewbhalang Dhar also failed to inspect the deterioration of the roads from Laskein-Iongkwang-Mukroh, Nartiang-Nongjngi-Thadbamon-Mukroh and Nartiang-Ksehrynshang-Namdong-Sanaro. .
Shillong, Naitung 7: “The invitation of tender by the Uranium Corporation India Limited for its development works which has appeared in the newspapers, shows clearly that it is the intention to mine uranium,” said the President of the KSU. Daniel Khyriem while talking to reporters.
The youngster scored 128 runs off 223 balls which included 17 fours.
It also provides treatment through stem cell therapy for autism, cerebral palsy, mental retardation, brain stroke, muscular dystrophy, spinal cord injury, head injury, cerebellar ataxia, dementia, motor neuron disease, multiple scleropsychiatric and meuropsychiatric diseases.
At this time, the Pa'iem, the Syiem Khynnah, the Kong-ngor, the Syiem Sad, some of the Ministers and the three chiefs of the old kingdom, together with the people, men and women, came to To witness this day or to help by giving a hand to clean up and clean up.
In the previous government, there were no such programs for the welfare of the farmers,” he added.
Earlier, the MPFWA had protested against the decision of the AMPSRA to close poultry shops from 1st to 7th June for 10 months.
At the meeting, Bah Kharshiing also presented a 70-page report titled “Education and Sports: A Balanced Approach.
There was also a traditional song performed by Bah Elbok Wanniang and Bah Forwardman Lyngdoh I.
Until now, there are prophecies, visions, dreams and dreams.
From 9 districts, 16 children have shown outstanding performance in accordance with international standards.
This was in response to the statement by the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) and the UDP party, which said that if they withdraw their support from the government, now They are afraid that the state will face President rule.
At the same time, she said that there is a need for another dump to maintain cleanliness in the city.
We have to discuss this issue carefully, how to ensure that we get the land, because sometimes the funds have been released for the project but the works have been stopped due to the lack of land by some people. " he added.
Faith and religion – In the world, Khasi or Hynniewtrep, there is no religion, there is faith in God but there is no religion of the Khasi.
These days there are many discussions on the state anthem which will be released on the 22nd of July
Leo Pastle.
The BJP has strengthened its social media channels to fight against various allegations against the party.
Of these players, 18 were boys and 19 were girls.
The KSU also urged the government to look into the urgent need for a traffic department in East Jaintia Hills.
The Minister of State in charge of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the report on the allegations of smuggling of rice by the Social Welfare Department in the past years shows that there is no truth.
In fact, they have encouraged us to escape from the violence of foreigners.
There are no planners in this government now.
Prosperwell Ryntong of Myngken HSS won the Best Player of the Year and Eleen Kynta of Myngken HSS won the Best Player of the Year award. Sati Raja, Saiden SS and Best Goalkeeper, went to Ribancy Jamu.
The Rector Major of the Salesians of Don Bosco, Rev. Angel Fernandez Artime, visited Parish Nongpoh this morning before leaving for Shillong to take part in the 100th Anniversary Celebration of the Salesians of Don Bosco. Don Bosco was born in Shillong.
The Meghalaya Cricket Association has selected 15 players for the tournament.
The CEM also spoke on the annexation of the 25 Khasi Hills or Khasi States to India and said that as soon as they annexed, Block I and Block II were stolen from Assam. The meeting decided to write to the Government of Assam, Government of Meghalaya and also to the Government of India that Assam should return Block I and Block II to Meghalaya.
Para Kur, Para Kha, In this fourth day, because of the spread of the disease which has spread and lyngshop not only in this beloved Meirilum, Meirisan, but in the whole world, the celebration The 121st Anniversary of the Seng Kut Snem this year on the 23rd November 2020, will be small and in compliance with the rules and regulations issued by the Government, in order to prevent This tyllep tyrbun has spread steadily as the days have passed.
He said that the Government has also tried to introduce Higher Education even in the rural areas by building good schools or by opening Higher Educational Institutes in the rural areas to address the problem of the students who are growing day by day.
The KSU is also surprised that the government has removed the Kyrshai Police Outpost in West Khasi Hills, which borders with Assam, which should have protected the people from the violence of the Assam police. The KSU therefore demands that this decision should be suspended immediately and that the police station at Kyrshai should be closed.
He also expressed his gratitude to the BJP-led NDA government and the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, who has a vision for the development of various states in India. and it is for this reason that he has brought many development projects in the country for the development of the country and especially he has done many projects that have helped the poor such as the distribution of ration, the distribution of medicines to prevent the spread of COVID-19 and including other development projects that have greatly improved the country in terms of income and economic growth.
Therefore, you must work honestly, arrive on time, respect your fellow employees especially those above you,” said the officer.
"This phrase, "Thy will be done" is one of the sentences I took from the Lord's Prayer that Jesus taught us how to pray.
Shillong, Lber 21: The Hindustan Kranti Kari Dal (HKD) has announced that it will not contest the Shillong Lok Sabha seat 2014 but will support the independent candidate Ma. Denis Afternoon.
He also alleged that some companies issue trading licenses without receiving even a No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the village authorities which is illegal.
Although BJP officials were sure that the Congress MLAs would join the party, they declined to say how many would join and when.
Speaking to media on 19th July 2024, Prestone Tynsong said the government is acting in accordance with the acts and rules.
There are 2 kinds of laws (1) the laws of man and (2) the laws of God.
He is best known for his role as a father in the serial Yeh Rishety Hain Pyaar Ke.
On the other hand, Tongkhar said that the meeting held on the 16th was to discuss the water supply schemes from the central government, in which all the ministers in charge of the PHE department All the states in the Eastern Hemisphere came to participate.
Maw U-Tieng have secured the third position with 7 points despite not reaching the semi final, while Iasnohktilang are in the fourth position with 4 points. could still drop to fifth place when tomorrow's game ends.
These magistrates immediately announced the closure of the inside of Iawmusiang until further notice.
At this Fish Processing Unit, through the latest technology, it will be possible to produce tungtap to be sold in various markets across the state.
Amkoi Village Council has announced that tomorrow 9th July 2022 will close the Sliang Tourist Spot.
Up to 50,000 liters of milk can be produced per day but the milk yield is very low which is less than 10 pounds.
He said the party will send another letter to the HSPDP leader on this issue.
“And many of them that sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake, some to everlasting life, and some to shame and everlasting contempt” Daniel 12:2
Tip shano such attacks lead.
Meghalaya has a 443 km long border with Bangladesh from Boldamgre in West Garo Hills to Ratachera in East Jaintia Hills district.
Agartala: There have been 34 new cases of COVID-19 in Tripura.
Babu Sevendar has dedicated his first collection of poems to his parents Plir Dkhar and Dubli Mawkon who live in Diengsiar. It is located near Mawkliaw-Sohra Syiemship village which is located below Pynursla village.
Therefore, more officers will be appointed in this department so that they can serve in all districts of the state to curb the drug trafficking in the state.
Because March is the month of July for the Jews or Israelis (as the end of the government year).
Shillong: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (MSOA) today demanded that the Governor of Meghalaya should immediately return to his country if he cannot sign the MRSSA Act immediately.
From 23.94 lakh in 2001, Meghalaya increased to 29.67 lakh in
On the other hand, the union has questioned whether the protocol issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare that employees with disabilities and poor women can take leave and work from home does not work for the employees. who belong to the Ministry of Health and how the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare issues the protocol, but the management of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare who violates it.
“If the government feels that there is a shortage of police, why doesn't it tell the people to take their belongings to Block I, Block II or Langpih? “Why can't the government send them to the border to relocate the metor drivers in Mawkhar and Khyndailad?” he asked.
“In fact, as civil society groups, we should have talked to the Khasi owners but surprisingly on Saturday (last month) they invited foreigners,” he said. he said.
It is now 109 years since the birth of King Wickliffe in Nongstoin.
Nangkiew Irat took the lead in the 62nd minute but Sawmer took the lead in the 62nd minute.
The final match between the two teams is expected to be very interesting and competitive especially as both the sides will fight hard to win the title of the tournament and win the trophy.
" The mother said, "Yes, my mother.
When asked, Prestone said, “The story is very long.
Alphonse came to the party for the first time after being elected to lead the BJP Meghalaya for the upcoming elections.
There are those who want shriew, there are those who want shriew, there are those who give shriew, and so on.
However, the Reservation Policy is one of the challenges facing us now, where many of the youth of this age cannot understand how to continue to have a reservation policy. division of employment opportunities within one state.
What about the religions that did not exist before the arrival of Hinduism, Christianity and Islam?
The tournament, which was attended by various schools in the district, was divided into two sports grounds in the city. The U-17 tournament was held at the MFA Turf Polo Ground, Shillong and the U-14 tournament was held at the Heh Ground, Mawlai Phudmuri, Shillong.
The meeting was held at Vivanta Hotel in Guwahati. The meeting was attended by Sh.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday expressed its strong opposition to the Government's plan to build a railway line in Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills. ready to enter the pictures"
The Congress leader said it was the lack of respect and understanding of the Congress party leaders that paved the way for the NPP to form a government for the second time.
In this MDC Election 2019, let us vote for the respected leaders whose aim is to improve the villages of the people. vote (voters).
“The government cannot explain on what basis it has imposed restrictions on government employees to hold village or party positions, which has never been done since the state".
Shillong: Police in West Jaintia Hills District have arrested a man for writing insultingly to the Catholic Church.
In connection with the incident, the Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills, Bikram Marak, together with the Crime Scene Unit from Shillong, accompanied by the Langpih Border Out Post, have been present since last night. in Mynniar, police conducted a thorough investigation at the scene of the body and found three nar rods used by the robbers to bomb and tied the two teachers.
On the other hand, Bah Basaïawmoit said that 51 years have passed but there is still suffering, poverty, ignorance, and there is also the division of the jaidbynriew in the villages. .
Without Regulation No. 5 of 1952, the UKJHADC would not have been able to pass the Christian Marriage Act, 1954 which has been implemented to this day.
The urgent need for this village is to get its own UP school (no more 7 sordars of UP which is not running properly), they need the road Mawkynbat-Lumpinaggad, Mawkynbat-Nongrangoi , Mawkynbat-Nongspung, The village needs a water supply system to get water during the rainy season from the Water Resources to facilitate the cultivation of vegetables. Because at present, we only get water from our own shyngiar and we need the assistance of the government to repair the Community Hall which is now in poor condition.
There have been 18,732 new cases of covid-19 in the country today, the lowest number since 1st November
I have supported this by the people, I am a person of the people, I will meet you but don't come back with another expectation that I cannot meet.
The BJP has not won for decades in Lum Garo; The NCP has won one MDC, the independent candidates have won seven while the Congress has won only seven MDCs from all the constituencies.
The project was implemented in collaboration with Bosco BIDS and NABARD under the CSR of NABCONS, Delhi.
Relatives of Bah Justin Sohphoh, 54, have been searching for him in three districts of Assam, Kamrup, Dispur and Tezpur. .
" Niakha was revealed.
5) To help each other Khasi:- As Khasi we don't think of our neighbors only for ourselves and our own family.
When talking about unemployment in Meghalaya, the leading job is the Government job and we must know the fact that the Government cannot create more than 15% or 15 out of 100 jobs.
Not only that, once the Chief Minister has opened, they will follow and try to attend all from the Deputy Chief Minister to Ministers 3/4 people.
When we came back and drove from Guwahati (Gauhati at that time) to Shillong from a distance we saw the Khasi Hills and my soul was filled with great joy because I was able to go back to your own country.
He said there should be laws to arrest mynder and return them to their places of origin and their names should be removed from the electoral roll.
There was a strong demand at that time that Mairang should be created as a district to be separated from West Khasi Hills and Sohra which have been demanded for a long time and which are also old Sub-Divisions. in the state.
On the complaint of the MDCs to the Minister of District Council Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh to demand his resignation, Bah Syiem said that he has received the trust of all the MDCs in the CPP. that you have no such claim to your knowledge.
He said that those who violate this order can be punished with imprisonment for not less than one year and which can be increased to three years besides fines.
We just want to strengthen our commitment to promote the spread of religions in this beloved country.
"Postecoglou's failure to improve Celtic has prompted Tottenham to turn to him as the club is still looking forward to getting a full-time coach after the departure of Antonio Conte.
The Supreme Court will hear other appeals from other organisations, including the State Co-Ordination Committee, Miners and Dealers Forum. SCCCMDF), Nongstoin Hima and others.
“He said that these are the activities that have gone ahead but it is very different from the ILP and MRSSA because the purpose of these two laws is to have a check gate for everyone. who came into the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 8 : A coal miner has lost his life after being plunged into a crematorium in Sutnga, East Jaintia Hills. .
This has created a sense of confidence in the eyes of the people that there is hope for all these things.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday morning raided 80 houses of foreigners who illegally built houses at the Defense Estate at Lum Survey, Shillong. also as a slum area.
Regarding the opposition of the Dorbar Shnongs, Mawiong said the matter was lodged by the Dorbar Shnongs last year but it disappeared after no one paid attention.
“Once again, we have made it clear to the contractor who is painting this road, that if you don't work well, we and the people will have to come back to paint this road.
Three of his friends were released after a few days in November 2015 while he had to stay for six months. The Dorbar Shnong has met with the Dorbar Shnong today to protect the youth and has decided to protect him with the information of the police. “They have decided to inform the media so that there will be peace for this youth who has promised not to do this again,” said the Sordar of Shilliang Dongki. .
"The implementation of inclusion in income-related activities in the country is based on three pillars, namely, the introduction of banking services to those who have never had access to it. , safeguarding those at risk and opening up financial support to those who do not receive this.
Zenith said about T.500 crore has been lost in revenue from the closure of 265 liquor shops by the Supreme Court in the state.
Dr Myrboh is a student of Political Science and Ph.D.
Shillong: The National Highway 127 B from Nongstoin to Rongjeng has collapsed and suddenly paid in the middle of the road which has endangered the commuters. through this road.
Phone number
It will be strong and will last until the end of the five years even if the UDP wins the Sohiong Assembly Constituency.
Shillong: The KHNAM today received the resignation letter of Bah Adelbert Nongrum, as the Working President of the KHNAM.
The border areas of Shella like Kalatek, Ishamati, Majai, Bholaganj and the one we call Nongthymmai, the east side were called Nayabasti, which are all Dkhars and belong to the country. all within the Hima Sohra, from which was born the new language, our customs and dignity.
“The Commission will write to the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, to complain against the police sting and to provide professional counseling to the family including the family of the accused. “We will ensure that no one should interfere in solving this case against him,” she said.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Mawphor said that she came to showcase her bicycle skills at the BAM-JH program to honor the 24 youths who have been trained as Security Guards at the BAM training centre. “As a child since 2014 she started playing sports (Athletic) under the guidance of her elder brother and in 2022 she started cycling under the guidance of her older brother,” he said. She has 11 children and is the third child of Roithai Kyndait and Kmenlang Phawa.
The certificate was issued exactly to show the current residence of Ayush as requested by Ayush's father for that purpose only, on the grounds that he has lived and worked. Thangskai Village has been operating for 12 years and the Waheh Shnong has issued this certificate.
In an interview with one of the MDCs who is close to the CEM , Rupang inquired about the jyrwit jyrwat in the District Council and it was clear that the main reason is the allocation of T. 133 crore to the MDCs. Rupang has asked the MDC who received the highest share of T.133 crore whether if Bah Pynshngaiñ will give the T.133 crore to you alone. “I don't think I will win only the MDC election,” said the anonymous MDC.
Eriwn lodged a complaint at Sadar Police Station.
Zoramthanga said the NDA's purpose is to remove the Congress from the North East.
"“Whether it is right or wrong, the Government will have to move forward to achieve railway connectivity in the state.
He is the true leader or the great leader who lives only in righteousness and knowledge of God.
Turning to the MLA, Bah Process T Sawkmie, also known as 'Bah PT', it is not clear how he thinks regarding the MDC election,
Have you ever worshiped God? Many of the believers, because they can no longer go to church, count the worship of God stingy.
From Sawmer, they went to Laimer Shiteng at the site where the new Petrol Pump is being prepared and there they found that there were foreigners from Kolkata who had come to work without proper documents. They were also suspended until their owners could provide documents.
Speaking on the occasion, SM Sahai said that the celebration of Wildlife Week should raise awareness and education to protect wildlife and forests.
A true elder has the desire to avoid drunkards, drunkards, revelers, drunkards, and covetousness, which leads to bloodshed and destruction (Rom. 13:13). ).
I don't say it's bad but it has its benefits if we know how to use it properly.
Besides these drugs, police also seized T.1,000 and T.1,200 along with two mobile phones.
The growth of the country from the rural areas to the urban areas is very slow.
The meeting was concluded with a welcome speech by Rtn.
The Minister of this department said that he is only interested in speaking publicly and explaining the working methods of this government as he said: 'As you have elected us for five years, so we will deceive you in all three years'.4.
The film Mawlynnong directed by Kailash Bhutani has been named 'God's own garden' in Asia and will be screened from 15th to 18th November at Siri Fort auditorium, New Delhi.
The union said that it is during this time of lockdown across the country that the government should help the youth because the employment of them will help the income of the people. villages and the whole state.
Let us write it on our foreheads so that we will never forget it.
After that, they fled to Shillong; but their chariot stopped at a place called Khatphra, because the road was cut off, and they were carried away by the water for about two days.
“As the party, when we receive the block, we have the right to receive it with joy. The Government will lay the foundation stone of the C&RD Block on 22/11/2022”, said President Rusfulson Wanniang.
Other political parties like FKJGP, HNYF, RBYF and CORP have also supported the KSU's opposition to the railway line without adequate measures to curb the entry and exit of people into the state.
He said that while the owners of the house were a little farther away from their house to plant phan in the field, after a while when they reached the field, they suddenly saw the smoke coming out of the bedroom. They immediately rushed to extinguish the fire but due to the noise they could not do anything and after that a fire truck arrived.
The BJP will complete 10 years since it came to power in 2014 after the defeat of the Congress and other political parties.
It's not like you're doing it now.
On Saturday, 343 new cases and 7 deaths were reported, bringing the death toll to 1220 in the state.
Many have asked who is to blame for this change in the color of the Lukha River? The KSU Narpuh Circle has said that it is in the dark and does not know the reasons for the change in the color of the river.
Banraplang B. Tron came 6th in BSc Biotechnology and Hubert Well Thabah came 10th in BSc Environmental Science.
In the second raid, the Excise & Narcotics Department seized 5.8 kilograms of heroin from a truck from Zemabawk, ​​Aizawl.
Sawkmie said the visit of the AICC incharge of the state should strengthen the Congress party for the 2023 elections in the state to meet and train with the Congress party MLAs and to discuss the end of the Congress party. Jowai: Several youths from different parts of Jowai, yesterday, held a meeting to discuss the deterioration, pollution and destruction of the Wah Myntdu. which is the river that supplies water to the whole city of Jowai.
“It is a great shame to inform you that one of those involved is Khroolang Nongrum, 41 years old and Lekipaia. Phawa (31) who is the son of a retired police chief,” said a source from the police.
On Saturday, the match will be between Dongmihsngi and NSA at 3.00 pm.
She criticized the NDA government led by Narendra Modi for alleging that freedom of religion, freedom of food, has been restricted, where the government has ordered people whom to worship, iano to eat.
Shillong, July 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma today unfurled the flag of the country on the occasion of the 75th Republic Day of India.
Famous designer Bikila Savanamei along with 9 others attended Syntu Ksiar today.
However, as it happened that at that time there was a dispute between the residents and the village leaders to remove the former Rangbah Shnong Shri Hemu Manar son of (L) M.Thapa. The Rangbah Shnong has been removed and another election has been held in which three candidates have contested.
Up to five teams, including from other parts of India, took part in the tournament.
KHNAM strongly condemns the violence of the District Administration of the Government of Bangladesh against the Khasi, who have lived and followed the Constitution of the country.
Taking these fenugreek seeds in the evening and drinking them on an empty stomach in the morning, and drinking the remaining water is very beneficial in curing many health problems.
“...Why are you afraid...?”- the words of Jesus to the disciples who were in a boat that was about to sink into the sea because of the storm and the strong winds.
If such schools produce such students, shouldn't the government take action against such incidents? In the past, the Government used to appoint an inspector to inspect the schools. all and to see whether the teachers are qualified to teach and whether the children understand the lesson.
“We were ready to be arrested instead of appearing,” said Bah Blah.
Last month, police arrested Frankupar and seized a powerful homemade pistol from his residence in Mawbyrngem.
He said the allegation by the BJP that the MDA government has not done anything about the misuse of funds in the two District Councils and the involvement in the coal mining; On the other hand, the MDA government has explained to the people that since the formation of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance government, it has decided to eradicate corruption and illegal activities from the state.
The meeting was conducted by the Chairman of the Heritage Committee, Bah Morningstar Khongthaw, who informed that the Heritage Committee has a major role to play in preserving the heritage of Raid Shabong and also in creating They provide employment opportunities to the youth of the area through this activity to preserve the uniqueness of the Raid and also to serve as an example to other Raids and Elaka of Ri Khasi Jaintia and the state as a whole.
When inquired by the media, James said he had not received any details on the problems faced by the 108 workers. EMRI GVK 108 to protest because he did not look after this department.
The Waheh Shnong of Khanduli, Yooshida Nongspung, confirmed the news by phone.
The three demands of the JSU are to upgrade the Jowai Civil Hospital, to set up a Blood Bank in Jowai and to implement the District Civil Hospital in Ialong. , which the party says are urgent issues in Ri-Jaintia as a whole.
The women's final will be played on the 22nd at 2 pm.
He said that the village does not want to force the residents to cast their votes.
However, he also has a talent for singing and a voice which is not very different from the voice of the most famous singer in Khasiland, Bah Skendrowell Syiemlieh.
Speaking on the occasion, Pretty Lincy Diengdoh, resident of Ri Bhoi District, said, “ASPIRE Meghalaya has taught me how to improve my communication skills and how to communicate with others. ask clearly.
However, this pipe lasts more than 50 years and is also free from pollution, so that the water in the household will be clean.
“The RTI information has shown that the candidates who have been appointed according to the letter sent by the SDSEO to the DSEL in October this year, show that the candidates with high marks have not appeared but have been appointed. “Appoint candidates with low marks who are fighting for the same job,” said Bah Khyriem and alleged that these candidates with low marks got jobs because of the kindness of politicians and officials.
In this regard, the FKJGP Kyrshai Unit together with the FKJGP West Khasi Hills, have visited the bridge and found with their own eyes that the bridge is in poor condition. The District authorities and the leaders of the District should take immediate action to improve or repair the bridge so that the people of the area can escape from such dangers. They have met and to make their journey easier.
The incident took place in parts of Pakistan where there were only a few Christians living in the area.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 23: A man from Mawdiengngan village, Ri Bhoi district, Mawhati constituency, has gone missing from his home since the 20th of this month at 3 pm. suddenly I went home.
It may be recalled that after the border dispute between Barato and Maitdeiñ in the past few days, the Deputy Commissioner of the District has issued an Order No.JHC/ 1/2015 dated 27.5.2015 Decision No.3 of the Joint Meeting of these two villages in its office which states “until that time the JHADC will give the final decision. The widespread destruction of forests, trees and shrubs, such as burning rnga or transporting timber, should be stopped immediately.
“Therefore, I want the people to understand this especially because the answer will come.
Two pre-school teachers were arrested on Tuesday on charges of torturing and beating children.
There are others who say that people will not accept vaccination.
Because of this news, it has prompted people to fill up petrol immediately and to take out their vehicles from the petrol stations.
General Secretary Samla Ïoanis Lamin in the presence of Rangbah Shnong and Village Leader of Amkoi.
This shows a lack of responsibility on the part of the head of this university.
That job is just to clean up before the court.
This is the first protest announced by the Sengbhalang after the government did not listen to the demands of the Sengbhalang within 48 hours which ended on Saturday. They demanded the release of KSU President Daniel Khyriem who was arrested on 7th July and to drop all the cases against the members of the KSU who were lodged during the ILP protest. :There has been a plan by the government to drop the cases against all the leaders of the ILP in the state last year but the CSWO has refused. and said that it will proceed according to the law.
Bless said the shooting death of these three youths was due to the misuse of its powers by the Home Department.
Nongpoh: On the day that Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, attended a public meeting in Lum Paseh Village, the people of Pahamrioh Village and especially those who live in Lum Paseh Village, They expressed their happiness over the receipt of many necessary items in the village, which was donated by the MLA Nongpoh.
One of the surprising things is that even the most beautiful and healthy Si lud and Sikmie die more quickly if Niangiong catches them, said Bah Pollstar.
KK Sharma also praised the BSF of Gumaghat for providing computer training to the older girls of the village and also to those living near the border.
According to the NIA, Gangte was arrested in connection with incidents of inciting violence which were part of a conspiracy with rebel groups in Myanmar and Bangladesh to attack against The Government of India has not accepted the opportunity to expand the project in Manipur.
Punjab opened the scoring in the 47th minute through Amarpreet Singh.
Regarding the collection of money, Bah MG Kharshanlor, urged the DC to take strict action, especially against those people who work as employees at the weight bridge, who used to extortion money from the public, especially from those people who carry personal belongings and those who carry in small vehicles such as Mahindra Pick ups.
Therefore, the Education Cell of the KSU South West Khasi Hills District, in writing and after receiving the complaints of the residents, has decided to request the office of the Deputy Commissioner and Chairman of the District Disaster Management Authority. of South West Khasi Hills District to provide assistance as soon as possible for the school through the Disasters Relief Fund or any other schemes for the school so that the children will not miss school and to write their examinations and to solve this problem in education in the village.
One of the arrested persons was identified as Shabas Dkhar of Rymbai Pohskur Village. He was arrested from Umkiang while the others were arrested from Ladrymbai.
With this victory, Mawshynrut Block has qualified for the final of the women's category.
Dey said that according to the Right to Fair Compensation and Transparency in Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement (Amendment) Act 2015, NEEPCO will have to cover the loss of land and crops at four times the market price. ha hat.
Patna, Naitung 17: After the death of a person from lunch at a school in Saran district, 50 students of another school have fallen ill after eating lunch. , today in Madhubani District of Bihar.
Although she received the assistance with the tins distributed by the MLA last year, she did not have to buy other necessities to repair her shop.
The KSU has handed them over to the Mairang Police Station for further investigation.
It should also be explained why the Government is biased only against Class – XII, why not against other students in other classes like Class X, XI or those who have higher classes in Degree Levels and above.
There was no one else in the city who had his seed.
Shillong: U Manish Chatrath, Secretary of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) in Meghalaya, today announced that the Congress party will nominate candidates from all 60 constituencies. for the 2023 election.
The elections to the Legislative Assembly of Nagaland started at 7 pm.
It is worth mentioning that the fire which broke out on that day has set a record in terms of the time taken to extinguish it.
The NPP has recalled the violence and unjust rule of democracy during the rule of Mukul Sangma and the assassination of Fullmoon Dhar, who was shot dead. PJ Marbaniang, SI, in charge of Patharkhmah Outpost, Ri Bhoi District, was shot dead at his residence in Shillong on July 1, on 24th July 2015, after seizing 32 trucks carrying coal, which were illegally passing through Patharkhmah Road.
The closing ceremony of the tournament was also marked by a march past, in which the participants from different Frontiers participated with unity.
Milk and clean foods and medicines are important for those with hypertension or high blood pressure.
There were about 58 participants in the competition who came from all over the country.
This application has been in force since 01-04-2
Tura: The Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GHSMC) and the GNC have decided not to support the NPP this time, but to support the Congress candidate in the Lok Sabha elections. , which will be soon.
Antonio said that for the year 2017-18, the Government of India has allocated T.500 crore for District Councils. The District Councils outside the 6th Schedule have also sent a request and the T.1000 crore has been allocated to them.
Therefore, I would like to request our Government Authorities to respect themselves and their Jaidbynriew so that it will be a blessing, not a curse. in the heritage of the Jaidbynriew, the Khasi children, the Hynniewtrep and the Hynniewtrep.
He is the youngest of 10 children of Edwin Kyndait and Philomina Dkhar.
These may be just some of the reasons for the increase in the price of beverages, besides the increase in the price of beef, pork and chicken which have already increased in the state in recent months.
In 1998, I, Bah David Lyngwi as CEM and Bah Rangkynsai Makdoh, went to Jadugada to mine uranium by elevator.
Their term of office shall be for three years.
When we look at the border dispute between Assam and Nagaland, we see the courage of the Naga people and the Naga police.
He said that there are many people who have applied for ticket from the party but those who apply for ticket should get the welcome of the people.
New Delhi: The shocking news is that 81.5 crore Indians have been given their names, phone numbers and other numbers by people who have been The information was collected from the Aadhar cards of these people.
Your vote will benefit many,” said the Prime Minister amidst the cheers of the voters during the election campaign this evening at Tura Market.
At the same time, it was said that in the 2016-2017 budget, some unions have received only 45,000, 45,000, 70,000, while others have received more. The player in that year will earn only about four tyngka per day.
At the same time, the FKJGP has demanded that the government should expedite the border issue with Assam and strengthen the security forces in Langpih so that the brothers and sisters can be protected. to provide full protection and to bring about development projects to avoid the border crossing with Assam.
Two teachers of Rangsapara Secondary School were shot dead by unidentified robbers on the evening of 11th November. .
So 400 + 34 = 434 years or 62 weeks according to the Bible.
In the second half, both the teams played well and tried to knieh the ball to score but with the skill of the goalkeepers they could not score.
Many truths from the Bible can clearly show this close relationship between God and Jesus Christ.
Nihaar Manorama, who scored two goals in the match, was named Player of the Match.
When asked whether the delay in announcing the list of candidates will affect the party in this election, Mawrie said, as a national party, the BJP does not announce the list of candidates. while it has not yet announced the date of the elections.
Repent also so that we can bring blessings.
In the language as spoken, read, written and written, it has been translated from the original language and there are many languages ​​which have become the original language after being adopted from the past when interacting with others. nations.
What is needed here is that the country and the state need a policy to promote sports that will attract the youth, children from the beginning in this regard. bring a medal only one or two.
According to the complaint of Ridial Dkhar, she complained, “Mikhel Siangshai and his father, Ngait Dkhar and Michal Siangshai, while I was sleeping, came and touched me. Then my husband and son came to help rescue me, and on this incident I as a woman I file this complaint against these three people who wanted to take my life my.
It has also become clear that they are more afraid of falling into the opposition than of falling into hellfire.
He said that government officials and Gram Sevaks have visited the affected areas.
On the other hand, ATSUM has alleged that the decision of the court is against the wishes and aspirations of the indigenous people of the state.
On November 13, four political parties including the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and RBYF demanded that the Meghalaya government should convene a special session to pass a resolution. claim ILP in the state.
The new plant doesn’t look new either.
When asked whether he has set an appointment for Dr. Mukul Sangma, Witting said he has visited Dr. Mukul Sangma many times at his residence and there is no need to set an appointment.
After receiving the complaint and proper documents, the Lok Ayukta has appointed Investigating Officers to investigate the allegations.
On the other hand, as the residents of the area, we don't have any difference whether we are politicians or contractors, but one thing is that we don't want to see an attempt to implement it easily as we wish. They have considered the needs of the residents of the village especially in relation to this road from time to time.
It was seen that in the recent Dorbar of the District Council, the HSPDP did not support the ILP, on the issue of ILP and this has surprised many, but now with the resignation of three members. The MDCs of KHUDA, the facts have revealed that the party has not said anything on the ILP, because before the dorbar they have already spoken to the CEM of KHADC Bah Pynshngain N Syiem to accept the talks. On the ILP, the CEM promised to take action, but later rejected the party's demand and instead of the ILP, he took action on the Village Administration Bill, said the three MDCs. When asked why they did not support the discussion brought in the dorbar to urge the state government to implement the ILP, Pangniang said, “The party stands firm and holds firm to the ILP. “The agreement with KHUDA has been rejected by the EC led by Bah Syiem and on this basis we have withdrawn our support,” said Bah Pangniang.
The MDC also complained about the lack of order and cleanliness of the MDC Hostel and the pollution of the accommodation.
Shillong: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Agriculture, on Tuesday said that regarding the KCC loan, or loan to farmers, the state government will assist once the announcement is made later.
In her speech, Kong Josaphia Wankhar expressed her gratitude to the Rupang Relief Scheme for continuing this work for more than 10 years.
If you don't know, ask Queency's father,” said Bhalang's mother.
The Support Staff are Sandipan Deb Nath (head coach), Mark A Laloo (assistant coach), Gregory G Syiemlieh (trainer), Hamboy Langbang (physio), Prewindsong Sangma (manager).
The police team has been conducting thorough inspections around the areas where the clashes have taken place.
Habib sent a letter to the commission, saying that he did not intend to insult anyone and assured that from now on, he will not insult anyone.
Little Stars Football Academy and Rahjingshai SCSC from Mairang Block have won the title of the Chief Minister Under-12 Level Open Football Tournament.
“They should respect many," he said.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union Mawryngkneng Circle together with the KSU Diengpasoh Unit have strongly warned against anyone who spreads dead cows within the boundary of the KSU Mawryngkneng Circle. The residents of Diengpasoh village have come to complain about the spread of dead cows which has caused many problems and moreover. The most affected is because they bread in the streams that flow to the farms, laundries and so on.
This Tham used to go and return to this Bir during the month.
“The RSS is a patriotic organization and if anyone speaks against it, I will not listen and I will give a strong warning,” he said.
“This is an attempt to introduce Panchayati Raj or Municipal in the state besides the attempt to forcibly mine uranium,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum. clarification from the government how it has treated the proposal and that the Council has sent it earlier.
The Executive Member of KHADC in charge of Mineral Resources, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor said that this decision has affected the small paid and has also affected their rights.
Speaking on the media, he said that the media is the most important in public administration because it is the newspapers that will see what the leaders are doing for the people.
They are also in first place on the points table and are the only team to have not scored a goal.
Same Dkhar scored in the 50th and 90+1 minutes, Arwan Dkhar in the 73rd minute and Founder Passah in the 79th minute.
She then noted that other problems were the increasing cost of admission forms by educational institutions, which affected students.
Shillong: The Saipung Police Station, which was temporarily closed since 12th November, has reopened from today.
Because it has been seen that these days the thinking among the people is not good and they don't think too much about others but only to improve themselves.
They are free from the allegations by blaming the NPP even though they too are full members of the MDA government. If we remember those protests after the assassination of Bah 'Che' we think that the NPP and UDP will not exist. but the support for both of them is still strong.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has decided to implement the laws of the party to curb the entry of foreigners into Meghalaya.
When asked about the statement of the Congress candidate (Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem) on the large number of candidates contesting from Pynthorumkhrah and many of them are contesting to lose and not to win, he said “The Pynthorumkhrah constituency is clear and understands who is the owner of the village,” he said.
He added that through the STAR Program Talent Scouting, we will continue to have many opportunities to showcase and develop the athletes for the 6th Meghalaya Games to be held in Jowai and also for the National Games to be held in Jowai. these years shall not pass away.
The EPIC and PAN card belong to Wandame Passah.
However, this too depends on the discussions with the village leaders and villagers as well as various groups and we will see what happens”.
Kevin Lawriniang and Queen Annable Ann Basaiawmoit have been ranked first and sixth in the top 20 in the SSLC results.
Besides Rekha, Maria also had the opportunity to meet the Maha Rani of Baroda, Radhikaraje Gaekwad and take pictures with her.
"Therefore, I leave the rest of this to the wisdom of the Government to decide.
The Ri-Bhoi authorities will take his body to Chennai.
When asked what will happen to the KHADC Bill if the DC is created, the CEM said it would be difficult for him to say anything on this as he has not yet received anything whether the government will create it or not. “I will have to convene a meeting of the MDCs to discuss this issue after receiving a letter from the government.
So they shook hands and the police gave them a seat.
The residents said that they pay their electricity bill every month at the Common Service Center in Smit and they also brought the receipts to verify. When they paid, the electricity bill reached 3, 4 and 5 thousand which is more than what they used.
In the second match, Sacred Heart Boys Mawlai beat Peniel School 7-0
Shillong: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition and MLA of Songsak Constituency, on Tuesday distributed medicines to the residents of Songsak village. and explain their health.
Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, during his visit to Neiphio Rio, Chief Minister of Nagaland.
In fact, Bah SK Sun has donated to Khraw Sing College last month.
Under the Community Investment Fund, T.1.23 crore has been allocated to seven Village Organisations.
They want by 2047 to build a Natural Home, Palestine for the Jews and India only for Hindutva.
All these can lead to many kinds of problems which can affect the peace and order in the state,” said the statement.
He said that the major colleges in the state have decided to implement the NEP from this year.
KHLIEHRIAT: The Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) has seized 76,000 Ya Ba tablets also known as World is Yours (WY) weighing 7.85 kg. The price of Khliehriat is 1 crore tyngka.
Also present were the Minister of Agriculture, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Tourism, DP Wahlang, Chief Secretary, officials and the public.
Therefore, since the test on 3rd October 2020 and receiving the result on the night of 4th and 5th October 2020, all the households have been placed under home quarantine. their own karmas within the house.
The reason is that sin has worked hard here on earth, when love is gone, there is no forgiveness, there is no spirit of mercy.
Refusing to comment on the allegation by the Voice of the People Party (VPP) that even the areas without conflict have gone to Assam, Prestone said, “Let Ardent Basaiawmoit speak whatever he wants but We have collected all the documents and we have considered all the documents and we will take this decision.
They also discussed to change the seating arrangement of MLAs, officers and others.
Furthermore, when they went to search for the man, the village leaders of Mawtnum village and his family members were also present. The cause of the fire is unknown, he added.
“Ei, I'm talking to Hep, you've lost your love for your son,” said the mother. When the father (Bah Shanbor) came out, he said, “Don't be too close, son, tell me if you're right. have a relationship.
The Government should now appoint a committee to investigate whether the House is happy or not to sit in the House.
He also asked who will take responsibility if there is any emergency especially in relation to a serious illness where medicines have to be purchased from pharmacies due to lack of medicines in hospitals.
“According to the ECI's recommendation, all EVMs in the state should be mobile-based,” said the State Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) Frederick R Kharkongor.
For more information please contact Bah Aaron Diengdoh (9485449298).
Shillong, Naitung 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday launched the assistance program in the state to the Youth Organisations, Voluntary Organizations, Cooperative Societies and Clubs. Youth Engagement through Empowered Youth Organizations (YESS) to receive financial assistance of up to 10 lakh tyngka if the organizations need assistance in running any kind of program to benefit the community. especially young children.
In fact, it is the Churches, especially the leaders, such as Bishops, Fathers, Sisters, Catechists, Elders, Pastors, Elders and Leaders of various Churches, to stand against all kinds of evils. politics and Khadar rule, especially the corruption which has destroyed society and the State.
The residents of Mynkjai said that the garbage dumping in Mynkjai has been done in a corrupt manner by the employees of JHADC and JMB. The garbage dump in Mynkjai has caused a terrible smell which could affect the health of the residents as well as the livestock of the villages near the garbage dump in Mynkjai.
After this, these people from Assam started throwing stones and shooting bird shot to drive away the police.
Bora said that in seven districts of Dhemaji, Lakhimpur, Dibrugarh, Sivasagar, Jorhat and Biswanath, 1,964 pigs died without cause and in Sivasagar, 1,128 pigs died. .
“Meghalaya is much better than Kashmir in terms of tourism in India but the lack of media has lagged behind Meghalaya,” he said.
The Public Relations Officer (PRO) of NEHU, Bah David Pyngrope, said that the State Government has also supported this decision as it will benefit the students of the state in the future.
During the protests, there were several car bombings in Paris and about 31 civilians were arrested and taken to police after 24 police officers were injured in the protests.
The three are Bulgarian and are suspected of being involved with Russian intelligence agencies.
Speaking via video conference, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the state government is very concerned about this issue, which has been going on for a year and a half.
Since its discovery in the United States it has spread around the world and is now a plant grown in many countries of the world, such as the United States of America, Romania, Italy, India, Hungary, South Africa and Egypt.
Two song were recovered from Akhnoor village, 12 kilometers from the border between the two countries.
“We have a writing team, a skill in shooting, turmasi, puh syiar, cleaning and so on”.
“If they want to join the party, we accept them as the party accepts those who want to join, we cannot force those who want to leave because those who are with the Congress should be willing to contest. I have one thong,” she said.
Now look at these few matters below:.
She said that the implementation of this Act will prevent criminals from finding shelter in the State and will also prevent the entry of illegal immigrants. villages in different villages.
Seed farmers from 40 villages from East Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi District and West Jaintia Hills District took part in this meeting.
He appealed to the youth and the residents of the village to invite the club at any time to join hands with the village so that it will open the door for the children of the village to participate in such events. that kind of shlur.
They are Harry Khongbuh (15) and Athorkyrmen Khongbuh (34).
“I call on anyone who can prove that Ardent is doing this to be a curse to the nation, I am ready to resign from the service of the nation.
“There are two groups that have received permission to collect parking fees, but according to sources there was another group that illegally collected money from transport vehicles, so it should not be allowed any illegal collection of money and those involved in illegal activities should be arrested and punished," the Minister urged the officers.
Arwot Sumer General Secretary and Ma EMH Passah handed over T.1 lakh to the CM Relief Fund.
The ground also flowed into the road and disrupted traffic.
Also present on the occasion was the Adviser to the Education Department, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang.
Iran has reported 26 deaths from the coronavirus in the country, the highest number of deaths outside China. 245 people, including many government officials of the country.
While their daughter and brother-in-law wanted to stay in Meghalaya, there was a strong difference of opinion between them, in which the three men lodged a complaint with the Assam police.
Chairperson of MSCPCR Mina Kharkongor said that DNA test is essential for cases related to various crimes.
Dr. Ereneus K. Marbaniang, SMS Extension gave a technical presentation on the 12 new technologies on agriculture and rice cultivation and how to implement the objectives of the SDG programme. .
In a statement, Bah Plielad Tiewsoh, said that his joining the NPP, is through his gratitude to Dr. DD Lapang, who is also the Chief Adviser of the NPP and who is also the Chief Adviser of the NPP. as Chief Adviser to the State Government.
Rupang has learned that in these days, this young man has made a statue of himself using wood.
“We support the order of the High Court on the cut-off-date but we don't want to implement it from the past years or from now on but we want the Government to take a decision that will bring everyone together. .
The matches of Group-D and Group-E will be played at the Indira Gandhi Athletic Stadium in Guwahati.
He said that his decision to contest in this constituency is not because he has to fight against his son but against his policies because they are hopeless and hopeless for the people. .
Therefore, I also in my sorrow show them, that to the Bangladeshis who come from time to time in our country to India, why don't you speak and don't speak many words.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The Leader of the Opposition Mukul Sangma on Friday said that the MDA government led by the National People's Party (MDA) does not have any scheme but has implemented the same scheme. schemes are part of the Integrated Basin Development and Livelihood Promotion (IBDLP).
However, we have not seen such an attempt on the part of the Prime Minister.
But those who seek excuses only to escape punishment are foolish.
Rakkam A. Sangma also warned the teachers who do not go to teach by setting up a legacy to teach for them.
Therefore, the union in collaboration with the relatives of two children who were arrested during one of the drug raid of the union on 17th June 2024 at Jhalupara Market, has gone to bury these two children. youths under the age of 25 at a Rehabilitation Center for those who have become addicted to alcohol known as the Alive Again Foundation Rehabilitation Centre. Bah Rup Passah will be born in Guwahati, Assam on 19th June
The MLA election in Sohiong had to be postponed due to the sudden death of the UDP candidate, Bah HDR Lyngdoh a few days before the election.
The Meghalaya Jeet Kune Do Association congratulates these youngsters and wishes them good health and success in the upcoming games.
This is according to the newspapers of 7-10-22 and 23-12-2
Nongstoiñ, July 19: The Raidmynsaw Secondary School, which was established in 2017, has only three milestones in its journey to improve the quality of education for the children. of this area.
: The 6th Battalion Police, Umran, in collaboration with the Meghalaya Police Training School, Shillong, on Saturday, celebrated the Children's Day with the students of the area.
This is the trick of the robbers who are in power to get money from the people and not to serve them.
God will not dwell in this Temple of Balai.
Let me go and buy it myself,” she said.
“It should have been there from the very beginning, but as I see from the UDP talking about the Common Minimum Programme, it seems that they have just understood that the government has already been formed,” he said. said Mr. Adelbert.
His wife was seriously injured and suffered burns to her whole body.
While declining to elaborate on his talks with BJP leaders, including Home Minister Amit Shah and party President JP Nadda said his concern was regarding the Lok Sabha and Assembly elections in Bihar which they themselves had expressed.
Investigation is ongoing to identify others involved in the incident, said S.Nongtnger, Superintendent of Police, Shillong.
According to sources, the Congress has not yet decided whether it has won the CEM election on the 8th of this month. and March.
“At the meeting we made it clear that the ILP will not affect the economic development of the state or the tourism sector,” said Joe.
Do you speak Khasi? Why don't we think of including Khasi words in the Oxford Dictionary? Is it too difficult, or is it because we don't see a way for our language to rise on the world stage? The problem is that we think we can't, we don't have anything.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah F Kharsyntiew Inspector in charge of the border area, said that the reason for the sudden search of the documents of the shops in the border area was at the request of the shopkeepers. village due to the presence of foreign shops without permits and without following the rules of the District Council.
What is troubling is that these office bearers work voluntarily and are not paid.
He said that after leaving the Congress party, he decided to support the incumbent MLA, Bah Gigur Myrthong, because he has seen the great work he has done for the party. as well as helping the poor.
Besides, if you visit these villages from November to June, the soh fields are stem hur and phyrnai khrek, because the soh has ripened well and these villages are the exporters of sohñiamtra to all the markets of the West. Khasi Hills Besides, the vendors living along the Shillong-Tura highway from Mawruksoiñ, Thiepjaphlang to Lad Tumtum, have been filled with soh from these villages.
In this regard, the contribution of the elders and women in the villages has been very helpful.
Police and the public are conducting a search for the driver.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of India today confirmed that 276 Indians abroad have tested positive for the virus, of whom 255 are in Iran.
“More than 18,000 teachers have not been trained yet, we will discuss this issue with the Minister of Human Resources Development to request NIOS and IGNOU to train our teachers,” said Rakkam. .
The speakers of the Forum expressed their deep sorrow over this great problem faced by the paradoh parasnam living in these areas and promised not to leave them at any time or before any problem. ask.
How can we protect the nation if we cannot eradicate evil in society?
Pynshngain said the meeting also discussed the lack of funds in the 14th Finance Commission for the District Council.
Shillong: Traffic jam has resumed in Upper Shillong on Tuesday.
Others said that it is difficult and time consuming to do anything without the authority of the Municipal.
Hard work requires a lot of effort to earn a decent and clean income without the need to cheat or deceive others.
At this meeting, it was found that there are many vacancies in MeECL, but it has been decided that without the permission of the Ministry of Electricity, no vacancies can be appointed.
At present, the tournament is going on, and it is also the fourth part of the Team Championship in the tournament's return to the Squash Foreign Program after 12 years. The current tournament will continue until the 17th of this month.
HNLC Spokesperson Sadon Blah said that the peace talks between the HNLC and the State Government and the Government of India will be completed soon after the HNLC leaders sent specially from Bangladesh don't go to Meghalaya.
The National Highway 44E in one of the areas under Kynshi Bangla village in Eastern West Khasi Hills has been disrupted by the National Highway 44E. and perhaps this will also endanger the standing of many churches.
In the third match, Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu drew 1-1 with Royal Pole Mihmyntdu.
Donald scored the goals in the 22nd, 24th and 57th minutes.
The Chief Minister said that Meghalaya will be a market of $10 billion but we are getting poorer.
This is a way to provide emergency assistance to people in case of any incident where the people need the police.
He said that the decision of the state government to collect the tax on fuel is a public insult, which has caused serious damage to the people of the state especially to the poor who earn their living. This has affected the income of the state.
The marathon was sponsored by the Meghalaya Tourism Department, SDO (Civil) Pynursla, Dorbar Shnongs Mawlynnong, Shillong Press Club.
Congress MLA from Mawhati Bah Charles Marngar asked whether the Government has any intention to reconsider the allocation of funds under this scheme according to the number of constituencies. the number of groups or clubs registered with the office of the Deputy Commissioner but not in the Constituencies.
To get this title of “Mar" is not an easy task, you have to face terrible trials in which some of the heroes have even lost their lives.
He also strongly condemned the authorities for allowing these companies to do whatever they want, while they are elected by the people to be their leaders.
ICC Chairman Greg Barclay and ICC CEO Geoff Allardice have made arrangements to travel to the country to receive the tournament. The PCB has received a firm confirmation regarding the participation of their team in the tournament to be held in India from April to May.
In their petition, they urge the Prime Minister to repeal the laws of the Government of India as provided for in Para 12 (A) (b) of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. The State Government will prepare clear rules on coal mining.
If the Government continues to ignore the strike, after the SSLC and HSSLC examinations, FASToM will hold a mass strike in which more than 50,000 teachers will take part,” said FASToM spokesperson Mayborn Lyngdoh.
Andistar Rashir opened the scoring for Khliehmawlieh in the third minute after shooting from a free-kick before S.Kharshilot scored the first goal in the 28th minute. .
Even though mankind has not yet received all that power, there have been so many violence against fellow human beings and destruction of the environment.
The syrnod was handed over to Bah Denis Kurkalang at the SP's office today.
There have been 83,341 cases and 1,096 deaths.
The Seng also urges all the Seng Riewlum and Independent MLAs, who have been calling from time to time to stand for the Indigenous Peoples of the State, who are in this Coalition Government, to express their support. They have expressed their opposition not only in words but also in deeds to these decisions of the State Government under the leadership of the Prime Minister and the Minister of Electricity who are from the NPP. All these things and the Government and the parties within it should not forget that the People have the power “To appoint you Syiem and they also have the power to remove the Khet from you”.
However, if it is sent to Bangladesh, it will be the responsibility of the central government,” he said.
The union has burnt down the plain of these drugs in the parking lot of Muda in front of these children. drinkers but also dealers because they found a lot of drugs in the small guys.
Meaidai Bahun Majaw, a Class V student and resident of Nonghymmai Shillong, has created a complaint against Anti-Bullying. App' to your children's reading.
He alleged that the government has not done anything to protect the people on the border and the government should work 24 hours a day because it is the responsibility of the government to know what is happening.
In the 1961 census, it was estimated that 750,000 Bangladeshis entered Assam between 1951-1961, within 10 years.
Thousands of people gathered at Chandmari Square and Rongrenggre Square in Williamnagar.
Johannesburg authorities said at least 48 civilians were injured in the incident.
there hi
The family members of the girl have been informed, where they will take her away.
Marak said that as an MLA in the past, he has tried to work for the people in the past five years, and the people judge for themselves.
“We have re-elected Bah Stemar Nongbri as the new Rangbah Shnong,” said Bah Jophas. We have also sent a letter to the Office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, but it has not responded for 10 years.
We cannot blame Assam either, because they stand on the basis that the Constitution has given them...”After this report, this issue has been ignored by the three Congress Governments, Delhi, Assam and Meghalaya.
Speaking to reporters, Dr. Batskhem Myrboh said that their wish is clear, that they demand from the government to hold a special session to discuss the Roster System, because in the first place The Government has appealed to the Meghalaya High Court for the implementation of the Roster System.
The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of Meghalaya has announced that there has been an arrangement regarding the counting of votes on the 2nd of October.
It happened in April, 2007, during the tenure of Rev. Fr. Edmund Gumbs as High Priest, that the Laitkor Parish held a Procession Eucharist at the Church of Umphyrnai.
In this regard, the Kuki rebels confirmed that in the interest of bringing peace, they have released these five youths.
If the Government of India wants to learn Hindi, how can it write to China, US, UK, Japan etc.?
As a succeeding word, the word village has a connection only with the word Rudnong, but the words Bainong, Yonong, Duhnong, Ainong do not refer to the village, but to the share of earnings to get a job.
The opposition also doubted that the VPP, TMC and Congress would be able to unite to control the ruling party.
According to Bah Lyngdoh, the Assam government has immediately appointed more than 200 MPWs working in the Malaria Control Program in the state.
The two women's organizations, the CSWO and the Khasi Women's Welfare and Development Association (KWWADA), have decided to hold a sit-in at the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat on 25th November from 11 am to 3 pm to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
She was now weaker than before.
Therefore, the fishing competition is not a game.
I dare to say that Archbishop Dominic Jala is fortunate to have a father like Babu Leiñ, who has been a teacher at Sacred Heart Boys' LP School and also a Catechist of Mawlai Parish since November
This race is really difficult where the runners have to endure the cold weather during the winter months, when the participants have to jam across rivers, cross bridges, mountains who are eager to see the beautiful places of Basar.
Not all are like that but in my opinion many are like that.
Regarding the Special Assistance from the Central Government, Pyrtuh said that the JHADC has received Rs 33 crore 57 lakh and this money has been deposited into the account of the District. Council.
It is learned that the power plant has not been operational for many months due to repairs, but the floods have caused a lot of damage and loss of lives.
• RT-PCR Test should be done between 5 and 6 days.
The lives of children who are still eager to improve their education cannot be played with.
It is still in the custody of the Court and has not been handed over for police investigation.
Rostarlin admitted that the news that Fenela has been expelled from the party is false and unfounded.
The Congress has not yet decided who will be given the ticket but said the ticket will be announced on the same day for Shillong and Tura.
The MCA also invites the public to visit the exhibition free of charge.
The panel also took notes regarding the loss of those villages which have created development schemes just because they live in areas where there has been an incident, where the soskular has also been destroyed. it shall not be amended because the agreement has been reached between the two states.
As soon as they escaped from the incident, the Khasi who were in the vehicle rushed to the Nongpoh Police Station to inform the police. After a while, the Nongpoh Police Station arrested them. cars and people.
He said that many times the members of the party and the Dorbar Shnong have faced such incidents.
“It may have been due to the breakage of the sign attached to the box attached to the crane to carry these workers inside and outside which caused the death of these six persons,” said Bah Rymbui.
However, there are also thorns, like the thornbush, which grow without seed.
We are one,” said Dhar.
Speaking to media on Friday, Boltijoy Ryan Nongsiej, accompanied by his mother and sister, said that the cost of participating in the competition will be As a young man from a poor and low income family, he appealed to the State Government, various groups and individuals who have the opportunity to I urge them to support him for this good cause so that he can bring glory to India, Meghalaya and the nation as a whole.
Ri Bhoi Myngken Christian High School scored the first goal of the match in the 54th minute.
Prestone said physical fitness is the most important factor in the recruitment process in the Meghalaya Police.
In a complaint to the Chief Secretary, Bah Laloo, today, said that the Supreme Court, has taken a decision on this issue, on 22nd June 2017, in which the Supreme Court , said that these factories, which do not have adequate waste disposal facilities, cannot operate at all and on this, he said that the state government should issue a public notice and not The Supreme Court has ordered these companies to stop supplying electricity to these factories without polluting the environment. .
A meeting was held on Tuesday, chaired by Home Minister Amit Shah, in which he expressed the Indian government's desire to pass a law. to the UCC, at this meeting, which will be held in November
The number of cases has risen by 2,293 in the past 24 hours, the highest increase and the death toll has risen by 71 in the past 24 hours.
Liberia: The President of Liberia will work from home until his office has been searched, a presidential spokesman said after the arrival of two bsein iong in his office. his.
Throughout the day, the candidates and Polling Agents were also explained about the rules of the Model Code of Conduct and the Representation of People Act,
After receiving complaints from the public regarding the number of coal trucks smuggling through the village roads, the union held an emergency meeting at the union office in Umsning on the 6th of this month. Jymphang and from this meeting, the union has decided to ban such trucks from smuggling from the village roads, just to avoid being arrested or falling under the rules of law.
Spenthrift : the word for sweetness, sweetness is the sweetness of something without sweat; lutksan is the one who uses lyngkar without knowing how to play.
T.6 lakh has been allocated to St. Thomas Catholic Church-Mairang, Mawkhar Presbyterian Church, Jaiaw Presbyterian Church, Mawlai Phudmuri Presbyterian Church, Laban Presbyterian Church, Lawsohtun Presbyterian Church, Laitumkhrah Presbyterian Church. St. Joseph Catholic Church – Mawkhai, Devine Saviour Catholic Church – Mawlai, Devine Savior Catholic Church – Mawlai, Devine Savior Catholic Church – Mawlai, Devine Savior Catholic Church – Mawlai, Devine Savior Catholic Church – There is also a larger allocation for the installation of CCTV cameras in front of churches in all places of worship of Christian, Hindu, Muslim and other religions. the state.
In fact, we have tried to get assistance from the Sports Department of the State Government and also from the North Eastern Council (NEC), but we have not received any reply.
Gurung took 3/55 wickets while Magotra took 2/25, PM Santhosh took 2/27 and Manish Sharma took 2/5 wicket.
The Word was with God, and the Word was God.
Ula is 53 years old.
The Director of NEIGRIHMS, while walking at the hospital, at 9.30 pm, found a man carrying four plates containing stents/pacemakers, who was dying. The suspect was found by the security police of the hospital and confirmed that there was a theft of these items to poor patients. It was also alleged that the HoD Cardiology, Dr. Animesh Mishra, has been shocked by these allegations and has now urged the patients to lodge a complaint against the hospital authorities.
He said that the state government has not been able to create jobs for the youth and has not been able to fill the vacancies.
Various competitions were held at Shillong Jail Road Boys' Higher Secondary School and up to 200 participants took part in the drawing competition, poetry writing competition, giving competition. speech and culture.
“The Shillong Press Club strongly condemns this unfounded statement and inappropriate behavior for a person who is believed to have some value in society.
He said that in 2023 more leaders will retire and this will not be only from the Congress Party.
He said that MUDA has no outside purpose but its job is to keep the people safe.
What is more terrible is the misguided training of the leaders of this Government to their MDCs under the leadership of the NPP party because in just one or two days they have been sent to change their minds and change their minds.
Tura, Jymmang 3: A 27-year-old BSF soldier has committed suicide with a rifle which he used while on duty.
The President of the KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit, Streamly Suchen said, “As a KSU and as members of the nation, we are very concerned for the country and the nation because our nation is on the verge of collapse. I am proud to think that there are still many young people who have come forward who have dedicated themselves for the sake of the country and “We cannot say that our nation has many leaders and heroes since ancient times and until now” as a leader he asked for the cooperation and urged the members to cooperate to He also urged that they should not focus on the shortcomings but if there are shortcomings they should discuss and resolve the issue. ideally in the corporate office.
They said that this seizure of illegal drugs from time to time is a violation of security.
“The Forest Department has remained in the dark as it needs to take this amendment to the House for approval,” said a senior Forest Department official. before taking it to Cabinet.
Replying to a question by Shillong West MLA Paul Lyngdoh, Dr Mukul said the revenue loss from the ban on coal mining has reached T.600 crore in 2014-1
The vehicles include a dumper and a 709 with the number plates ML 10B 4045 and ML
The family members of Gracefully suspect that Arful was involved in the murder of his wife. On the night of 9th March 2015 at about 8.30 pm, a Maruti car with some people of Arful Kharbani came to rescue him from the forest.
It is true that the time has come to start like this, but the time has not yet allowed us to walk like this.
These meetings were held on Friday evening at Saitsohpen, Nongsawlia and Mawpun.
Charles said that the construction of the new Block in Mawhati has been demanded by the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, which has submitted a petition to the Government in
Let me explain the main point of this article.
Pastor Pyrtuh said that Pala had told the media that the registration of people for Aadhaar number is not wrong. other places and to other countries.
Wisconsin authorities reportedly sent for the child after the mother sent him to live with her boyfriend as punishment.
On this holy day, I would like to extend my special Behdeinkhlam greetings to all the relatives, friends, relatives of the Bri U Hynniew Trep-Hynñiew Wasa who are dedicated to the religion, knowledge of man and knowledge of God. with the exhortation not to forget, abandon, despise, despise, despise, cut off or cut off from one's own country and one's own thymmei but, to dress and protect one's own which has been founded by God. old, Mei kulong-Pa kulong who has been appointed by the court together with the ryngkew-u basa and therefore, the most important duty of mine and yours is therefore, to preserve, preserve, preserve, preserve from for the sake of our future generations, to live the religion, the customs, the customs, to live the nation.
He said that the Karbi and Jaintia people have had a close relationship since ancient times and it is necessary to maintain this relationship.
In the past few years, we have witnessed the violence of the Indian government, which has forcibly enacted the CAB/CAA, despite strong opposition from the people of the region. northeast of india.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Khliehriat today announced the release of NFSA ration for the month of July in Khliehriat.
Police took the body of Dalmen for post-mortem and handed it over to his relatives.
I don't have a network, I don't have a jio and Vodafone, I've been suffering too much, only one news has been brought by them. I don't know why, but I'm sure it's because I don't have a recharge card. This company shouldn't lose its recharge card. With an Airtel ish simcard, you can access the net without any problems.
As of 21st November, the accommodation of the seven students has been confirmed.
They say that the Covid-19 pandemic will continue and remain forever in this world until people are no longer afraid or ignore it like other terrible diseases in the past such as the niangthylliew. , TB, cancer in these years and many other diseases.
The Minister also spoke about the Meghalaya Grassroots Music Project (MGMP) which is part of the organization of music festivals in Shillong, Sohra, Tura and Jowai.
As a selfish person, I sought information about the condition of the land and found a Rangbah who introduced himself as the owner of the land. and I was told that my father's name was Torin the King.
He also gave a speech of encouragement to all those who took part in this day by recalling the words he chose in his life by saying that we were born to serve or “we're born to served" he urged everyone to have a sense of responsibility to serve their fellow human beings for the development and development of their country and nation.
He said that as MLAs of Bri u Hynniewtrep (Khasi Jaintia) they should put the nation first and advocate in the Legislative Assembly to improve the Reservation Policy which is now demanded by the youth”.
Shillong, July 16: Hundreds of job seekers from across the state have rushed to the office of the PWD Department a day before the deadline for applications. department for filing their applications.
In the world of tomorrow: love is a money factory for those who know how to produce.
To prove this, sources said that women have become more vulnerable than men, so men are now being abused by their husbands in these days at home until there is a pra khiew ja.
He said that he has not forgotten to demand the most necessary item which the people of the state have longed for and that is the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
He also explained in detail the contribution of this great man in education, teaching, school organization and the redesign of working methods whether in agriculture, construction. , factories and others.
For Group B, 918 seats have been allocated and 159 seats have been vacant.
Speaking to reporters, he said on Friday that he will join the NPP without any conditions.
He said that there are about 80 PHCs which have already built Transit Homes in the State.
The fire is due to power outages, natural disasters and other reasons,” he said.
A few days ago, another policeman was seen, throwing his hands at the place where the car key was and the reason was that a taxi driver, who was standing farther away, but there was no one at all. For this reason, he stood farther back to check in on the people and this angered a Khasi policeman and thus he ran away with his own hands to the place where there was a key.
The party expresses its deep sorrow over the loss of precious lives and the injury of eight others.
“We will resolve the misunderstanding at the CPP meeting to be held at the residence of MPCC President Bah DD Lapang on Friday,” said Bah Syiem. .
In Borkhat village there is a place of worship of the chiefs which still stands today.
The Star Cement relief team has taken part in the relief efforts to those families affected by the floods by providing food items and other basic necessities so that they can support themselves. in such a situation.
Take care of your head and neck by cleaning yourself.
Why? Because he hath appointed a day, in the which he will judge the world in righteousness by that man whom he hath ordained; Acts 17:30-3
According to Banbhalang Diengdoh, one of the youths who worked to convert the nut into fertilizer at the centre, he explained about the method and also the types of chemicals used. to teach only 2 months.
Plan your life well if it happens to you and me, we will be in the hands of God.
Many said that this aim is to hold power only, to reduce the number of leaders and to weaken the Seng Riewlum or Seng Trai ri so that they will no longer have the power to advocate in the Houses especially to knock on the sound of the little paid.
Congress candidate Bah HM Shangpliang, together with his supporters, while filing his nomination papers as a candidate from Mawsynram Constituency on Tuesday.
He said that the reason why these villages have not been included in the Pynursla Sub-Division is because there is a demand from the Union of Village Authorities of the area to release these villages from the Pynursla Civil Sub-Division. -Division and those who wish to remain within the Sohra Civil Sub-Division.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawryngkneng today protested against the lack of teachers at the Government Upper Primary School Mawryngkneng. about 3 months ago.
He said that from Mawdumdum and Kyllang, it takes about three hours to walk for men, but for women it can take up to four hours.
On the other hand, the Executive Committee of the village has been monitoring every month and Bah C.Pohlong has promised to provide from one month to another.
The training was conducted by the District Disaster Management Authority Nongstoiñ. The opening ceremony was attended by Bah P.Marbaniang (Retd) Nonglang, Mrs. J Mawthoh, Principal, Nongstoin College.
He said that from the statement of the government through its leaders, they allege that the appointment of investigating officers is illegal so that their investigation will not be successful and that the investigation will not be completed. The party's investigation against the NPP MLA and other MDCs and officers in the implementation of the GHADC scheme will end.
According to the Guidelines, it is prohibited to dump garbage in rivers, as well as to release or discharge wastewater from households and factories into rivers and any wells. , as the discharge of wastewater will affect and pollute the water supply, no one shall disrupt or interfere with the works carried out by the authorities or any Agencies in relation to any works to protect and conserve river water.
In another report, a farmer was killed when his tractor overturned on the highway during the farmers' march in Delhi.
The doors have been broken, the canteen has been destroyed and also to improve the surroundings of Kiang Nangbah College,” said Paul.
After that, the debate was opened and the members took an active part to discuss the issues and put forward proposals on the laws brought to the Dorbar.
The program included a message from the Governor of Rajasthan, Kalraj Mishra and a screening of the foundation day video in Rajasthan which also featured traditional dances and other programs from Rajasthan, Assam and Meghalaya.
However, we also need to know whether it is true that those parties, BJP and TMC, have sent their supporters to throw stones at the venue.
NPP candidate from Sohiong, Bah Samlin Malngiang, said that other parties will not be able to attract the supporters of the NPP because they are intelligent and humble.
The Wildlife Week started in the first month of April.
Amos S Kharshiing, State Coordinator, said that these are the names sent to Delhi by those who want to join the party. AAP and Delhi has directed the AAP Meghalaya to gather these members and to meet with them. one.
“On the other hand, the NPP leader urged the Congress supporters to support the NPP in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
“Kong Roshan has also denied that her resignation from the Cabinet may be due to a conflict within the Congress.
It is for this reason that the government has also built an oxygen plant at this hospital and other private hospitals for their involvement in this fight against this hospital.
At T.600 per injection in private hospitals, the price of Covishield injection in India is the lowest in the world.
The mother of the victim has 40 children and the youngest is under 3 years old.
“Since 1997, it has been strictly prohibited to allow non-Khasis to live in foreign countries,” said Bah Khonglah.
In connection with the announcement by the KJP Assembly to open churches within its boundary, we have seen in these days that the government has put a warning to the Church to punish it if anyone Whoever gets corona from those who go to church.
"“This move by the Government will put the future of students at risk.
Tanbor Swer was awarded the Rana Kharkongor Award, Daminot J Wankhar and Adlyne Khonglam were awarded the Riti Award. Dr. Naren Hazarika, Sr.
Shillong: U Daniel Khongsit, Headmaster of Bakur, has been elected as the President of the War Jaintia Headmasters Union.
The transformer is also not properly maintained and there is no fuse in the transformer, said the CSWO. The CSWO said that the linesmen was appointed casually after the linesmen retired.
He said that this is the problem of the government because the lashu market has remained unchanged for many years while the population has increased.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has convened a meeting at Jirang, Ri Bhoi District on the 30th of July to invite the Chief Minister, Ministers involved in the decision to introduce such a MOU. , but there is no one to lead the Government in this regard.
The arrested were identified as Dawanmi Dkhar, 25, and Rin Kyndait, 23, of Tuber Kmaishnong, East Jaintia Hills.
The demand of the Seng is that the company should reinstate these seven Khasi children without delay and without giving any reasons but otherwise the Seng has warned that it will not allow the company. The union has urged the relevant authorities and the village authorities to strengthen the employment rules for Khasi youth before they give Permit or NoC to any company opening shops in Malki.
The protest was led by the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF, RBYF, GSU, AYWO and ADE.
Regarding the Dwar Ksuid Bridge, Tynsong said that the Ministry will soon issue a work order for the construction of the bridge.
Police found that it weighed 28kg.
After this incident, the school has had to face many problems which has been a great loss especially to the students as it is no longer suitable for holding school.
The Indian world's discrimination against the minorities and the hill tribes continues to this day.
“The next step is to review everything and find the best way to set the right rules so that they do not conflict with the laws of the central government and also with the provisions of the Federal Constitution.
“The land tenure system has many shortcomings and it is difficult for the government to take over those private lands and therefore there is a problem in the conservation of the environment,” said U. Mr. Tynsong.
The hospital, staff, doctors and teachers have gone through many obstacles but they have overcome them and it is the most exciting thing that the College of Nursing of Dr H Gordon Robert Hospital has been opened. This year is the year of celebration of the 50th anniversary of the state”.
Satan is afraid of us when we pray and is afraid of people who pray.
According to the government news, the city had a plan to revive this project a few years ago but this plan has failed.
Speaking to media, the Advisor of the NEHU Students' Union, Samla Comingstar Kharsyntiew, said that the VC immediately refused to respond to the matter. they shall not interfere in this matter.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has expressed its opposition to the decision of NEIGRIHMS to recruit nurses through the NORCET.
In the second half, both the teams worked hard to score again, but Mawkhan scored the second goal and won the match.
He works hard and is a common source of income among people with leprosy, who have been abandoned by society.
Rajana Sonawane is a very happy person.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: Due to unavoidable reasons, the National Press Day could not be celebrated on the 16th of November as usual. The Day of Media has been celebrated today.
(The Citizens' Welfare Act).
A woman identified as Joplin Tongper alias Kong Dari has died after being hit by a coal truck in Nongtalang.
State Working Committee Member Lekhi A. Sangma spoke on many of the implementation issues of the ABVP Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad and mentioned how the ABVP has contributed to the development of the country by giving advice. to build for the youth with a positive attitude.
Why? Because Israel must endure and fulfill all the prophecies.
The player was fined by the FA in November for his involvement in 232 violations between 2017 and and who was also sentenced to 30 times more punishment in November.
The Minister said that if they don't want to stop, they cannot be forced but of course we have directed our hospitals to take good care of these EMRI staff.Shillong: Twenty-two patients have been sent to NEIGRIHMS after a bus carrying BSF troops collided with a truck in Umtyra, East Jaintia Hills on 30th March
On this day, we take this opportunity to remember their selflessness and express our deep gratitude for their dedication and courage.
There will be volunteers to provide parking.
The three wise men from the East who came to look for the infant Jesus walked in the shadow of death when they heard Herod's command, but the angel of God showed them another sign. route.
“It's true,” agreed the judges.
If you don't believe this, let's prove it from the Bible: (i) Luke 9:42 – And as he was yet a coming, the devil threw him down, and tare him. (ii) Math 5:1-13 – And, behold, there was a man which had an unclean spirit, and he sat upon the tombs, and threw himself round about, and cut himself with stones...(iii) Math 8-32 – And it came to pass, when Jesus had healed the two demon-possessed men, that they entered into the swine... and the herd rushed down the steep bank into the sea.
The Dorbar of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District (DRBSRBD) has prepared well to take part in the march organized by the Union of Village Authorities of Bri. The SNSBH held a meeting on the 30th of this month in Shillong.
Kynsaibor Lhuid (18', 78') and Wilbert Marbaniang (64', 90'+1) scored the second goal while Fedrick Wahlang (89') scored the third goal. Langsning have earned 9 points from four games, but are still 12 points behind Mawlai.
There was also a water baptism in Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills.
In the last election, the BJP has elected Bah Jropsing Nongkhlaw.
Nongpoh: The KSU Umiam Unit, Umiam Unit, together with the Dorbar Shnong Umiam, on receiving information about the presence of several people who planned to hold the Hype Festival, and the Seng Longkmie Umiam, have decided to oppose the festival to be held on the 6th and 7th of this month, as the 7th is Sunday.
They drive without fear and without following the protocol, even the govt allows them.
The deceased was 5.2 feet tall, blue hair, round face, wearing a blue pants and a blue jacket, and had burn marks on his chest.
The party submitted the petition after the leaders failed to meet the Prime Minister and the Minister of Transport who are currently busy campaigning for the mid-term elections in Ampatigiri Constituency.
He said that if there is a place to drop off and pick up people, it will avoid traffic jam and disturb other vehicles following behind.
We will see how the work goes and we will start working".
However, if the government wishes, it can take action to improve the construction of roads and in any way it can avoid the destruction.
The buskit is now very heavy as announced by the Government of India for those who inform those who traffic in drugs or marijuana and other illegal beverages.
The East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (ETFA) has reached the quarter final of the second division and the third division of the round-16 tournament which has been held for six months at the artificial turf ground in Diengshynrum, Khliehriat.
These robbers robbed the vehicles and stole whatever they got from the vehicles and also cut the fuel pipes to steal the fuel which damaged many vehicles.
More than 800 people were arrested on Tuesday in the second phase of the operation to combat child marriage which was implemented across the state. , said the Prime Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma.
The investigation into the murder will be undertaken by the PSNI and the Irish Police Force.
“Everyone knows how the government was formed in Meghalaya in which the BJP played a major role and everyone knows the close relationship between Himanta Biswa Sarma and Conrad Sangma and how he was formed. ) as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
At the University, there are many rules and the State Govt cannot interfere.
However, the British government has taken these devices with confidence, because they are easy and can be tested in every household, which is like testing for women with two bodies.
The older party supporters were looked down upon and hardly recognized.
I have only to say, we need only leaders who are determined but not leaders who run away and move around,” he said.
As part of the Thoh Shun Art Camp 2023, the Riti Academy of Visual Arts has awarded a prize in the name of Ma S Quotient Sumer. Sumer Excellence Award 2023.
Let us look and explain briefly here: Jingkahulu comes from the Pnar word which means Yingkeiñhulu, in Khasi it means huleng.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, on receiving information about the incident, visited the house of Bah Khongwir and expressed his condolences. He devoted his life to the public service until his death.
The Sur U Paidbah East Jaintia Hills District, on 11th June, visited one of the families affected by a fire in Kuliang village, East Jaintia Hills District.
The driver of the Bolero Pick-up was also injured and was taken to hospital while the handyman sustained minor injuries.
CUSTOMER FACED ACTIVITIES & PUBLIC RELATIONS315 promotional programs were organized by Regional Offices / Branch offices across the country in June- November 2022 for customers.325 programs quality improvement along with industry activities including awareness programs for jewelers/manufacturers were held in June to November 2022.
These three children will receive proper support and assistance for their well-being through Health Insurance, empowerment through proper education, financial assistance. also for their needs such as support.
(iii.
He said that the Khasi language is sufficient for the government to recognize and include it in the fifth schedule of the Constitution.
When the tempters continued to persecute him, he replied, “It is not yet, but I will see when I become a Christian.
“I request the Minister to take immediate action to release the money to the district and blocks as soon as possible as many people are still waiting to receive the assistance.
