who don't have a name.
To drive without a license, you have to pay T.5,000 from T.
“How can the Minister of Home Affairs make such a statement without looking for the facts? How can he be so wrong?” said Konyak, demanding that he should immediately apologize to the people of Nagaland.
You two who are fighting, look at the plant that you have cut down.
According to the General Secretary of the VPP, the following candidates have decided to contest: WTony Lyngdoh from Mawkynrew Constituency, Doris Marbaniang from Mawphlang, HS Kharpran from Mawryngkneng; Danny Langstieh from Shillong South, A Nonglait from Mylliem, Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon from Umsning and Brightstar Marbaniang from Mawlai.
Finally, a private vehicle was found driven by a woman.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, said that the Government of India has issued an order to distribute ration twice to the people who have ration cards for the months of June, July and the month of July.
These waste products include formaldehyde, benzene and trichloroethylene and include rugs, bags, cigarette butts and others.
Fire brigade vehicles rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire before it spread to other shops.
“In the past years, we have found that the police have been involved in drug trafficking but we are not saying that all of them are the same.
The Samla Shnong Mynri-Umsning on this day besides cleaning up the village roads and neighborhoods of the village, as part of bringing about a clean morning, they have installed garbage dumps (Dusbin). ) in each village to encourage the residents to work together to keep the village clean.
There have been 1,456 confirmed cases of coronavirus in the country, an increase from the previous three months.
The “" for the reconstruction of the injured shoulder will be done for the benefit of orthopedic surgeons at the exhibition.
They don't give you peace even if you have prepared, completely, all the documents you need.
Thank you very much. This is a good decision of the KHADC, but you should not violate this law.
This understanding will also apply to the road to Tpeppale from Loomkyrwiang Road.
“We have been able to do this through the measures and initiatives taken in the past few years,” said Sitharaman.
Mr D.PakynteinWe all pray, as we have learned.
Jowai, Lber 16: The Jaintia Fishing and Environmental Protection Association (JFEPA) in its General Meeting held on 14/03/2024 at 7 pm at Tpeppale Village has renewed its officers. for the year 2024-2026 after discussing the activities of the organization as well as after passing the audit report.
Babu Boldness, Principal of the college, in the presence of Babu Baker, Vice Principal, teachers and parents of the student, released him from the school to go for further training in Punjab. “As you have done well in the subject Physical Education of class XI at this school, so do you. practice with study until you reach the heights of fame"
Revelation 13:4-5
"Advertising“Pray everyone will be safe, bombs don't go off...Our ancestors are killing us...Whoever I am is MNU, something should happen even in the name of Modi ji..." (Please pray for us , that there will be peace and order and we have to pay back the mistakes of our ancestors.
Therefore, these riew rangbah, including the MDC, RBYF leader, and Rangbah Shnong, have requested the government to take action against such mistakes so that the people can have that trust and this announcement that infected with COVID-1
The village requests the authorities, if possible, to deploy police in this area to ensure the safety of the people who go to the banks, because this place, is a place where there is many banks.
Nongpoh: Deputy Commissioner of Police, Ri Bhoi District, RM RM Kurbah and Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, today at 7 pm, went down to the Weigh Bridge, Narang village, Narang village. The purpose of the meeting was to inspect and check the documents of the trucks carrying goods, which should pass through the Weigh Bridge in the village.
According to the information received, these illegal drugs include many types of injection drugs, drop drugs and others.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 8: The biggest Assembly of the Church of God in Meghalaya, Assam, will be held at the Mawiong Lumsyntiew Church in Nongstoin from today to Sunday. moon.
Shillong, June 21 : The State Government has decided to convene the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) to discuss the proposal to relocate 342 households from Them Ïewmawlong to the Shillong Municipal Board. not provided by the government.
Being that legislator (not a leader or leader as many churches say) is not an easy task.
“How can we celebrate Christmas when we don't have churches to hold churches,” said the Meitei Christians in Imphal.
The Government of India's plan is to allow banks to borrow and lend up to Rs 5 lakh crore.
The water supply to these 28 villages will be drawn from the Kynshi River, about 10 kilometers from Nongstoin.
The PMMY was launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on 8th June, 2015 to provide loans of up to T.10 lakh for non-company and small and medium enterprises. from rep work.
Igor Stimac will be a great goalkeeper if Gurmeet can lead the team to the final of the Hero Intercontinental Cup and SAFF Championship.
" But the question for them is-“If you are not afraid of death, why do you go to hospital when you are sick? If you are not afraid of death then you should not take medicine, you should not cry when you are seriously ill and you don't have to go to the hospital.
China's lifting of these curbs at that time came after the anger of the people against the government's curfew, in which they protested and opposed the government that it should no longer set any rules because they knew how to live with the plague and how to prevent and fight against it.
The union leaders also questioned the working of the department.
“To give him another word.
When you have a tymmenbasan election in these days, you have to elect an MLA, MDC. When you apply for a government job, you have a shiliang kham.
He said that according to the 1972 Census, the population of Khasi and Jaintia is 4,88,350 while the population of Garo is only 3,25,8 the terms of the Reservation Policy.
Finally, the union has expressed its regret over the suspension of the results of the examination and interview of the DSC post in Nongstoin and the union has requested the DC to help resolve this issue. The DC also promised to release all the results in these days.
Saudi Arabian side Al Ittihad have signed Real Madrid and France international Karim Benzema on a three-season deal, reports Al Alarabiya.
These are the development projects and changes brought about by Bah Sosthenes Sohtun as MLA of Jirang in just three years and there are still other development projects such as the distribution of tin to the poor families and others, but what What has discouraged him from Western Ri Bhoi District is that he has had to face the turmoil of the people without respecting these development projects that he has brought about within three years after he won the election. From 2018 to 2023, he was re-elected as MLA with the support of the people of GS Road, Byrnihat.
“I have just spoken to my officers and asked them to remind the HPC for the discussions so that we can hold a meeting immediately,” he said.
The MLAs elect only those whom they like...Here in Khasiland, it is true.
The office bearers of the IVCS society thanked Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar for providing them with this vehicle so that they can transport their agricultural products to the markets to earn a living.
Furthermore, instead of discussing development issues, we have to take time to resolve our differences.
He said that the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District will punish any person who spreads false news which affects the peace and stability of the two communities.
In the second half, Mawlai SC managed to support strongly from behind to prevent the opposition from scoring and the strength of the SC was equal until the end of the first half which gave Mawlai SC a chance to score. to three points.
East Khasi Hills has the highest number of cases with 181 cases, West Garo Hills 83, Ri Bhoi 69, West Jaintia Hills 58, South West Garo Hills 18, Eastern West Khasi Hills 19, North Garo Hills 17, South Garo Hills 7, East Jaintia Hills 17, West Khasi Hills 17 and East Garo Hills
In the final, both the teams failed to score a goal and had to draw a tie breaker to determine the winner and loser.
The party alleged that many times the rich and corrupt have violated the rights of the poor and there has never been a law to punish them until now.
Therefore, who knows if the workers from these States are allowed to enter here, they may become the carriers of this disease which can endanger all the other States.
The department said that the disease spreads from one person to another through the air and therefore, there is no risk of infection from a person who die, if the guidelines of the state health department are followed at the time of touching the body.
“Not only that, the state will face many difficulties in maintaining peace and order without the support of the Rangbah Shnong,” said Bah Lanong.
When Allah saw that the Prophet was willing to sacrifice his son for Him, Allah told Prophet Abraham to stop the sacrifice and instead , and he shall offer his burnt offering with the bullock that is nearby.
He accused Dr Mukul Sangma of discriminating against the people of the constituency just because of differences in political affairs.
One of his wives has lodged a complaint with the Karnataka police and demanded that the police should search for him and bring him back to her house immediately. The clothes merchant has violated the rule that he must spend his time equally between her and another wife he has just married.
Speaking at the meeting, the Governor said that the President's visit is historic and expressed his gratitude for the opening of the San Meghalaya Games in Tura and also for the opening of projects. it does not develop with a view to improving the economy of the state.
The residents of Mawsynram area have sent a complaint to the Meghalaya Awakened Concern Citizens (MACC) to help in the fight against the incident. and the improper implementation of the contractor through the PMGSY on the Mawphlang-Balat Road to Ryngku.
With this victory, Lajong will have to qualify for the I-League, which will continue on 3rd June, when they will face Inter Kashi at home at the SSA Stadium. , Shillong, Polo.
On the other hand, the students of Sngap Syiem College have appealed to the young students and also to all the public to refrain from drinking tobacco or eating raja, khaini. and other bad foods because if we drink and eat them it causes cancer, and many other diseases that affect not only the user but also others as well as the Environment.
They are ready to help foreigners or locals in times of need.
The Minister stressed that this situation cannot be done by human power and said that all these things are happening due to climate change and global warming.
After this, Dr. Mawlong set up his own nursing home which he named Dr. Rosesta L. Mawlong Nursing Home, Lad Umrisain, Mawphlang, East Khasi Hills District.
A new scheme, known as the Prime Minister Atmanirbhar Swasth Bharat Yojana, has been allocated Rs 64,180 crore for the next seven years. To have laboratories in various districts, to have critical care hospital blocks and to strengthen the National Center for Disease Control (NCDC).
Shillong, Naitung 8: The newly appointed Director General of Police (DGP) Peter James Pyngrope Hanaman today said that the police alone cannot fight terrorism in the state but it needs the will. not the strongest of the world.
The shniuh cutter, who used two snad at the time of cutting the shniuh, was seen cutting the shniuh and while he was cutting, the fire burned on the head of the victim.
:The District Mental Health Programme, East Khasi Hills has celebrated World Suicide Prevention Day on the theme 'Creating Hope Through Action' at Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong. .
Former Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma along with 11 Congress MLAs joined the All India Trinamool Congress (TMC) in November Shillong MP Vincent H Pala has been appointed as the President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC).
Gur is found in the market in three types: round stones or powder, semi-liquid.
Shillong: The Budget Session for the year 2020-2021 of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) has started today, with the introduction of a new budget, after a three month vote on account.
On the other hand, OCA Acting President Randhir Singh said, “We held a meeting on Friday with the Working Group to take action on this issue to discuss with the Government.
At the same time, he said that last year, some leaders of the HSPDP from Mawshynrut Constituency came to meet him and suggested that he return to politics by joining the party. in the HSPDP, where their meeting has comforted his soul.
However, according to the changing times, we cannot refuse to accept any decision accepted by law, without the need to divide or set quotas.
Some of the things that can be treated at home:- How to do if you have a rash on your face.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Trinamool Congress leader in Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the TMC can nominate only from Tura for the upcoming MP elections.
He said that those who were rich became richer but those who were poor became poorer.
“If you leave suddenly, whatever else you say in Parliament, it will be nothing,” he said while urging the people of Shillong Constituency to wake up because there is still time for them not to be deceived in such a situation. party.
The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) on Tuesday announced the results for the SSLC and Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) examinations at Sherwood School in Tura. The Adventist Higher Secondary School of Thadlaskein won the first place in the SSLC and the Adventist Higher Secondary School of Thadlaskein won the first place in the HSSLC. 51.93%, 51,280 students have passed and 26,629 have passed in the state.
We will try to bring transparency in the appointment process in the Council by formulating an Appointment Policy,” said CEM of KHADC Bah Pynshngain N Syiem.
It is on this basis that the government has called for EOI from the public and there have been some sites which have already been visited by government officials and finally it is up to the AAI to decide on the site.
A woman has died in an earthquake in Siju, West Garo Hills.
The Union expressed its gratitude to the PHE department for taking the initiative to repair the pipes and run the work smoothly.
We would like to ask for clarification as to why these employees do not take action.
On the other hand, Babu Spastarlin Nongrem from Nongstoiñ, who has been visiting the villages to meet with the people of Rambrai, to ask for their support for the upcoming election, although he does not know whether the party will give. Speaking to reporters, he said that because he sees that the people are facing many problems in all aspects, he will not hesitate to seek. ways and means to help them.
Later, there were those who said that they should not go backwards, but this also threatened that if they did not get a Government, they could come with Ramhah, President Rule, as happened in the past.
Sadly, even though he came as a man from the Jewish nation (Israel), they did not believe and recognize him.
In the United Professional Boxing tournament held on 15th July in Delhi on the occasion of the 77th Independence Day, Shanbor defeated Prasad Katnoor of Maharashtra won the second round by knockout.
TMC leader Mamata Banerjee will also leave for Silchar on the same day.
“This donation by this group will also encourage other people who have such a spirit to donate in any way,” said Bah Spairen.
In a statement, the Joint Secretary of the UDP Youth Wing, Bah J Khymdeit, said that the UDP's criticism of Bah Lyngdoh by referring only to the past should have reminded us that the failure of the UDP Youth Wing. The MPA during the rule was due to the turning away of the HSPDP which contested the mid-term elections from Umroi after the death of Bah EK Mawlong.
When the duty of the District Council is to preserve the identity of the Jaitbynriew and to preserve the customs and traditions of the Jaitbynriew, then it shall exercise its powers and responsibilities. They should understand what is right and what is wrong.
On Sunday, senior Iraqi officials also confirmed that the ISIS leader may be seriously injured, while his companion, Auf Abdulrahman Elefery, was killed. he did not die in the storm.
His wealth is worth Rs 11 crore.
In a letter to the Union Minister, Mizoram MP K Vanlalvena expressed his concern over the decision of the Union Government to sign the India-Myanmar border.
It is to be recalled that the State Government on the 27th of June has decided to provide financial assistance (Excratia) for those families who have lost their loved ones due to the earthquake. T.50,000 for those who have died since 1st June
Shillong: The State Government has decided to launch the public testing for Covid-1
Michael Dingan said that although the union has lodged a demand with the CE of MePDCL, it strongly condemns that MePDCL has ignored the village leaders and remained in the dark on the proposal to hand over the electricity supply to FEDCO.
Two doctors from Dakopgre CHC visited ACHIK on Sunday.
At the closing ceremony of the festival at Ialong Park, the public witnessed Para Gliding, boat ride on the Myntdu River and Nohsa Kyriat organized by the Ialong Tourism Promotion Society.
At the Chandmari Ground in Tura, Wasa FC have moved up to the top of Group D with seven points compared to Khliehmawlieh with six.
Mylliem MDC Teilinia Thangkhiew has said that MDCs have not received the MDC scheme since 2014, regarding Antonio who holds the budget of the MDC. KHADC said that it has already been clearly discussed in the House that MDc schemes cannot be set up without financial assistance from the central government. “If there is no allocation of funds from the central government, we don't get the scheme,” he said.
“Our door is wide open and we should be like that”.
“We have requested the PHE department to pay the bill which has not been paid for 10 months,” he said. Shillong, Naitung, 28: BSF troops of the 110 Battalion, Meghalaya on Saturday conducted a raid and seized 58 muid. Two drugs were seized from Ichamati-Shella road in East Khasi Hills.
He said that this wah (jaka) still falls within the area of ​​Lapangap Village, Shilang Myntang District, where the residents of this area used to earn a living by walking along the road. The Assam government's action is a way to encroach on the land of Meghalaya.
“He added that they will work together to make the Mawkynrew constituency improve from what it is now and to ensure that there will be peace and stability in the future.
Besides, there are many entry and exit routes to Meghalaya and the police cannot wait at every road.
They have disgraced the village and there is no such thing in Nongmensong.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Isagahah Lawrynñiang, BDO expressed his satisfaction that the group has grown and achieved success in the implementation of schemes of the Government of India where they have been able to bring about many benefits. new ideas and ideas such as the establishment of a Children's Group and to train the children in this group how to save money from an early age for their own benefit so that they can control and poverty and need are destroyed.
Nongpoh, Naitung, 16: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO), Ri Bhoi District today went to evict the residents of the Flyover Bridge at Umïam. They have been warned not to sit or break garbage in this area.
He also congratulated the staff of the District Project Management Unit, Pynshngaiñ, Samla Kynmaw Phanbuh and others who have worked hard for the implementation of these development projects.
Indeed, these rivers have been mistreated – from damming and encroachment to being turned into garbage dumps.
The Prime Minister met with the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma recently.
The Hari Krishna Group, based in Surat, has donated 600 vehicles to its employees.
The plan will also come with an Accident Death Benefit Rider which can provide an amount equal to the Accident Benefit Sum Assured in case of sudden death and can be withdrawn.
He said this is a message to drivers that they should not install such devices in their vehicles and should keep them as they are.
The director of the film, Bah Melvin Jude Mukhim, said that the Khasi film industry is not yet marketable but the actors and producers are coming forward because they are interested in this industry.
The devil, who had already fallen there under the tree, spoke to 'Im' in a loud voice, and said, 'Why don't you eat this fruit? He is the fruit that will give you wisdom.
At the same time, the union strongly condemns the blindness of the government authorities for not taking action to improve the road in Warsan Lyngdoh area which has resulted in the loss of precious lives. Publicity Secretary CEC Bah E.Buam said that the road will be repaired immediately.
The exact number of candidates for the MLA elections will be announced after 10/2/2
On the same day, members and supporters of the leader staged a mass protest and attacked security forces' headquarters, including Jinnah House. They attacked the Mianwali Airbase and the ISI headquarters in Faisalabad.
On this occasion, the former office bearers of the Seng Samla Shnong Mawkyrwat as well as the Rangbah Shnongs were also honored and a gift was also given to the participants of the 30th Anniversary of the Seng. Young Village.
They have come to buy land in Meghalaya, especially in Hynniewtrep.
The top 20 candidates.
In the 65 kg category, Yirmi Jagoi (Women's College) defeated St. Edmund's College and in the 70 kg category, Ladapbiang Malieh (Seng Khasi College) defeated Baiancy Kharbani (St.Mary's College).
The event was attended by Dostarwell Kharlyngdoh, Finance Secretary KSU Mawlongbah, Secretary Village Council, Women of Mawlongbah Unit and other members of the KSU Mawlongbah Unit. .
The NPP leaders in Khasi-Jaintia Hills are not happy with the UDP because it is the biggest party in Khasi-Jaintia Hills and in the elections. The NPP has left Khasi-Jaintia because the UDP has enough power to fight against the NPP. Khasi-Jaintia want more votes and want the UDP not to be in the government.
Is it on this basis that we the people want to know why the Legislative Assembly sits for only 5 days? Has the Government been able to provide all the necessary answers in these 5 days? In this state, the media publishes corrupt news from time to time.
The union strongly condemns these actions of the District authorities without consulting the people of the area and without consulting with the village leaders or Sengbhalang from the district before requesting or seeking land for the troops.
It may be recalled that the ULFA(I) started last month in protest against the plan of Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi to visit South Africa.
Even the 17th North Shillong Mandal Committee has met urgently and sent a request to the Prime Minister,” said the statement.
Shillong, Nailur 27 : The High Court of Meghalaya on Tuesday directed the State Government to submit the report of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) on the irregularities in the operation of weighbridges in the State has led to the failure to arrest trucks carrying excessive crossings.
A Bolero (ML-05 K 4988) has collided with a truck near Pearly Dew School in Jaïaw Laitdom.
For example, previously charge sheets were filed on paper but now they can be done with pen drives.
The Waheh Shnong of Padubah, Ma N Pohthmu said that the village has been without electricity for almost two months and they have been living in darkness every night and this is due to the loss of the transformer.
Leaders of the G20 and SCO (Shanghai Cooperation Organization) member countries also highly respect yoga.
In 2006, we saw that those who carry Bibles on the streets should be taken to church to pray because they say that God is there.
The United Professional Boxing is organized by the Indian Boxing Council (IBC), which is a member of the World Boxing Council (WBC).
Regarding the issuance of Occupancy Certificates by government departments, such as MeECL and PHE, the Minister said that this too will no longer be required. government will direct these agencies to remove these rules.
The author expresses his desire to include these in the cupboard of Khasi literature.
In Delhi-NCR, the matches will be played at Ambedkar Stadium, Tejas Football Ground (Delhi), Subroto Football Ground (Delhi) and GD Goenka School (Gurugram).
On the Prime Minister's statement that Dr Mukul should investigate thoroughly about Henry, Dr Mukul said, “That is my job and he (CM) should investigate thoroughly.
When we look at the history of the country in the state, we find that these are the things that have created that spirit of nationalism, it has been found that it still exists today even in the midst of the spread of political parties. The spirit of patriotism, the spirit to defend one's rights, the spirit to build one's society, the spirit to uplift one's fellow citizens.
He is also the highest run-scorer in One Day Internationals (ODIs) with more than 10,000 runs and is considered to be the best finisher in ODIs and one of the captains and captains. He is the best wicket-taker in international cricket.
This was done by dividing the open category without affecting the welfare of the OBC, SC/ST category, in accordance with the mandate of Article 16(4) of the Constitution.
According to a statement issued by the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB), MeECL has sought permission from the Ministry of Environmental Forests and Climate Change of the Government of India in the field of environmental clearance. ) as provided for in the provisions of EIA Notification No. 1533 dated 14th November, 2006 and Amendment EIA Notification No. 3067 (E), dated 1st November,
If you need clarification, come and meet me, so that you can clarify,” said Prestone.
However, the Prime Minister said that after discussion and explanation, many political parties have expressed their satisfaction with the discussion related to the roster.
Shillong: At the Shad Suk Mynsiem, the leaders of the Shad Suk Mynsiem, Shillong, on Tuesday said that we should walk according to the present era, but we should not forget our nature because if we forget, our life will be lost. you don't have a mind.
“The Constitution of the country is based on the laws made by the State Government.
When asked, Bah Lyngdoh said the party supporters understand the problem and “we are not joining the NPP for personal gain but we are thinking of the interest of the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday, 31st July 2024, visited the Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Isaac W. Basawiamoit. Sardar Police Station on a summons to appear before the police.
This is the second time that Salong Lamare has contested for the post of Dolloi in this district.
However, regarding the intention of the two Prime Ministers to start the second phase of the rehabilitation of the villages in the Langpih sector, a group of Nepalis have now appeared. If the Chief Minister of Assam does not comply with the demands of the Committee, they have threatened to hold a strong protest throughout Assam.
“Every household has stickers.
Speaking to reporters, some of the relatives of the policeman said that they suspect that he was killed because they said that his eyes were bright as if he had been beaten and his beard was turned red as if he had been beaten. ksih, and other signs that doubt them.
Shanborlang Warjri, MCS, has been transferred and appointed as Deputy Secretary, General Administration Department.
When children are scattered in the state, that is the hell that is called for the wrath of the fire of God to burn in one day.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya, has issued a statement saying that there was an attempt to set fire to the vehicles of the UDP supporters. The curfew under Section 144 CrPC is imposed until further notice.
The same process is currently in place for the fight against TB.
These arrests are part of the BSF's efforts to curb robbery and smuggling along the border.
James Sangma is the brother of Conrad Sangma.
Therefore, this is the current situation,” he said.
Recently, a complaint was lodged against Marcuise Marak as MLA of Williamnagar, demanding that he be removed from office for violating the rules of law.
They blessed the candidate to continue to work hard to reach the goal of victory.
These two Food Subsidy Schemes have been included in the Prime Minister's Migrant Welfare Anna Yojana (PMGKAY) for the implementation under the National Food Security Act, 2013 in order to strengthen the implementation of food security in you country.
It is to be recalled that last year, the Managing Committee and teachers of the school had to take responsibility for the construction of the school. They have built houses just to make it a place to teach the school children in the village.
The Police Department scored 3 goals and 2 of them were own goals or fouls.
It was built in the fourth century by King Vikramaditya, not by Qutb al-Din Aibak.
“We are still waiting for a reply from the Karnataka government,” said Bah Lyngdoh in reply to a question in the Legislative Assembly on Friday.
This action of the government was only to invite those foreign companies.
Replying to a question on his contest in the LS election, Hek said he only suggested that the party should allow women to contest for the Shillong and Tura parliamentary seats.
This is the incident of Shlurbha, who started going to school when he turned 18 years old, which is the age at which many people have married and had children.
On the last day, the final was witnessed by the MCA leaders and the managers of the clubs recognized by the MCA, who handed over the awards to the Tura DCA by the President of the MCA. The EGH was handed over by MCA Joint Secretary Chiang D Shira.
“To serve the people and the constituency, you don't have to wait until you retire.
A house for foreigners and pilgrims and benefactors was newly built near the Temple.
The failure of the former EC is due to the lack of unity and power of one or two people.
Hardcore : the meaning of hardcore is to be strongly opposed to what you don't agree with.
Referring to the ongoing peace talks between the HNLC and the government, Chouhan said the government has conducted the talks and will complete them as soon as possible. I also thank the Central Government for its support in this regard.
We see that the army does not give more land for the benefit of the people.
It is learned that although these members of the Executive Committee have left, the Committee has continued to proceed smoothly as more than 50 members from the primary units in the Constituency, are still left to discuss. It is learned that the EC has decided to hold a meeting on Saturday the 20th of this month.
Therefore, the old ones have their own skills because they are experienced and they have been in the government but the new ones are also skilled because they have completed their education so they know how to ask questions. the government.
Jowai, November 15: Pyndap Shadap, C.Phawa, H.Sungoh and Dawan Lyngdoh MDCs have donated blankets and sleeping bags to their friends. residents of Thangrong Village.
The Khasi Kurs play a major role in the society especially in the rural areas where the old system of Khadar rule is still held by the Kurs and others who are not from that tribe. The main Kurs of the area cannot participate in the duties of Sordar Shnong or Rangbah Shnong.
If we have been bought, we have lost the right to bring about development in the constituency.
Many times we struggle against the wisdom of the meaning of these words by being selfish, selfish, selfish, and so on.
Bishop Franco Mulakkal of Jalandhar has denied the allegation that he raped a nun and said it was a fabrication by some people who wanted to defame him. The Church and the Bishop, he accused the nun, of lying, because he had tortured her in the past years.
Meanwhile, UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy said he has personally requested the Prime Minister to postpone the meeting tomorrow as the UDP will hold a meeting to discuss the issue.
The body of Samla Wanboklang was found in a well known as Wei Tdem.
(d) AGRICULTURE :- The main crops of the villagers from that time until today are Sohmrit khlaw and kwai tympew and it is through these types of crops that the family has been able to survive. They are far from sending their children to school for their future even though the income from these crops is low.
Prestone said it is time for the residents of 17 North Shillong to elect a person who is intelligent and proficient to work for the nation and not who loves the nation only by emotion. He said that only Bah Ransom is qualified to take over this responsibility.
School won the second and third places.
The State Government should spend only T.17, 12, 50,000 according to the price.
In his post on X, the Minister of Home Affairs said, “It has been decided to build a 1643 kilometer fence along the India-Myanmar border.
These include four deaths in the past two days, bringing the total number of cases to 1615 including 176 who tested positive today. The total number of recoveries has risen to 3975 including 37 recoveries today.
Budnam is the father of his parents.
As part of the celebration, the CM also inaugurated 11 factories for the supply and processing of agricultural products and four warehouses in the remote areas.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 16 : U Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of State and MLA of Khliehriat Constituency, on Tuesday evening, released the music video 'STYLE' Shanbor Lastang and his friends from Khliehriat West, the meeting was held at Khliehriat West Community Hall in the presence of the people and elders of the area.
He said the remaining cost will be borne by the Government of India and the Government of Manipur.
JP Nadda, President of the BJP, has elected new office bearers at the national level, including MM Chuba Ao from Nagaland, who has been appointed as Vice President. Dilip Saikia MP from Assam as General Secretary and UM Kikon from Nagaland as Spokesperson of the party.
The member who was tied up by the people, identified as Rapseng Ch.
He urged all the CEMs of all the three District Councils to direct all the Central Government offices within their jurisdiction to issue an order in accordance with the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
The court also said that Justice BP Katekey, appointed by the Supreme Court to investigate the illegal mining and smuggling of coal, should be informed about the illegal smuggling of coal to these Coke Factors especially in Free.
“What surprises the union is that there is not a single person to be treated at this CHC and the CHC is slowly closing down.
This day is celebrated annually to commemorate the members of the Garo Labor Corps and those who have sacrificed their lives and served in the 69th Garo Labour. Corps in France in the First World War.
Alvinsius L. Rina scored the goal in the 68th minute.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Pynursla Circle today decided to send the names of two candidates for the Nongshken and Lyngkyrdem constituencies.
“Is it necessary to ban the internet, in the years of rule when I had the opportunity in the past years, when such an incident happened, we did not ban the internet”.
(2) The Feast of Unleavened Bread.
The match between the two teams will start at 1:30 PM at the New Nongstoiñ Stadium and it can be said that the match will be very interesting as both the teams will play. teams have very good players.
Furthermore, Bishop P Lyngdoh, spoke on the division of the jaidbynriew because of the political party they have.
Nongpoh: U Bah Lan Syngkli, President of the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) 20mer Circle, on Tuesday said that the RBYF has given 10 days to the company which has taken over the toll plaza. , that the company should provide the Trading Licence, otherwise and if the company fails to provide the Trading License immediately, the union will take stronger action against the company.
Dr. War said that the testing of close contacts of Jhalupara and Mawprem is still ongoing and therefore the testing of the people of East Khasi Hills has not yet started. .
Congress spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala today said that the situation in the North East has reached a point of terrible violence. long exceed the rules of the Khadar Government of the country.
As usual in football tournaments since the World Cup and major tournaments, the players used to throw the children on the field before the start of the game, but this tournament is different and more exciting. and the parents came with them, and laid their children in the midst of the field.
These vehicles were loaded with a large quantity of drugs, clothes and photographs intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
“Many High Courts in India have found that many Hindu men have converted to Muslims because the authorities have not been able to enforce their wishes to be recognized by the law, so that they have too many wives. one, as recognized by the Muslim religion, that it is not a sin to have polygamy, anyway, to have four wives at the same time and that the courts punish Muslim men if someone goes complain to him.
In these four constituencies, the turnout was 66.1%, 66.7%, 61% and 67.3%.
After receiving an order from the High Court, the VEC in the village was dissolved and another election was ordered to be held. However, even now, the people from the block have not arrived without showing any reason and this has angered the people.
There will be no volunteers to show the way.
Therefore, the AIM will hold across India as well as here in Meghalaya under the leadership of the AIM Meghalaya State Unit.
But when they are back in their homes, they feel and see the cleanliness.
The government said that if the employees are still in employment, it will reduce the expenditure of the government as there is no need to pay their salaries.
" Maheh and his family agreed.
Expressing his surprise at the government's negligence, KSU Education Cell Secretary Donald Thabah said that the order of the Prime Minister to send a meeting with the teachers and the Chief Secretary is only to delay. to cool down the struggle of teachers demanding their rights.
Although the MPCC can do so, where the President or even the Prime Minister can approve any candidate, whom they prefer, but this time, there is no such thing. Shillong, which still has an MP, who is still a member of the Lok Sabha, has been approved.
On the other hand, the DC, Matsiewdor W Nongbri, promised to the union that no NOC will be issued to the authorities to hold the 21st International Trade Fair.
The 13 Sengbhalang have demanded the implementation of the demands of the KNGCSU and also the dismissal of the District Chief over the shooting of water, shooting of snow and lathi bombing of Kiang Nangbah students by the Police. West Jaintia Hills during their march to demand their rights as students.
Not only that, the cross is also emblazoned on the shoe.
The decision to hold talks with rebel groups rests with the government.
“Democracy today is not the kind of government that is truly by the people but the people are forced to elect a leader and are forced to fight for their rights,” said Dr Salil Saha. in his speech.
“We have protested a little and we know that the Prime Minister and the Minister of Education know well what our demand is but as the saying goes, no one is more stupid than the one who doesn't want to listen. “Look at Conrad's speech, he said the government will find ways for contract teachers while Lahkmen He said that the door has been closed and this shows that there has never been even a single discussion between the leaders that will disrupt all the things that were going well before the coming of this government. Babu Birbor said that the people of the state should not make mistakes because if they make mistakes again to elect the rulers we will go from bad to worse.
When asked about the joining of Bah MH Kharkrang to the BJP, Bah Michael said that as a young member of the BJP and a strong worker of the party, he welcomes if the elders In addition, Bah Martamlin Pyrbot said that he has decided to withdraw from the ticket application and will support Bah Michael Kharsyntiew. It should ensure that the BJP will be able to hold the seat which it used to hold in the years before the division of the constituency.
Others who took part in the foundation of the school were Wellsonsing Syiemiong, Orgen Marngar, Melaris L Nonglait, Duba K Bani, Horo Sing Pariong, Jeson Marngar, Hari Sing Marngar, Benliwell Thabah, Chesfort Land Sanglyne, Hero. Thong, Asing K Bani, Dwes Marthong, Yondro K Myndai, Holliwel Marngar, Entimai Syiem, NS Mar Wein, GT Wahlang, Hastar Wel Lyngdoh and Bah Sparwel Thabah.
The church in this age is a place of training for the people so that their lives in this world will not be too difficult just because their rights have been stolen.
Shillong, Naitung 27: Shillong Police today arrested Amit Paul and Istaique Ashraffei in connection with the shooting death of District Council police on Tuesday at the market.
The North Shillong MLA on the 20th of this month introduced the Private Member's Amendment Bill to strengthen the implementation of the Lokayukta Act. bring in 2021.
And, the holding of the WHO Global Summit on Traditional Medicines together with the G20 Health Ministers will strengthen the efforts to benefit from them.
When you wear Make up, you don't have to worry about Ibalucky Sad.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Director of the department, Dr Arwaka Laloo, said that two blocks have already been distributed to the beneficiaries, namely Mawryngkneng block and Mawsynram block.
The train was likely carrying up to 1,500 passengers at the time of the incident.
I'll get rid of the anxiety of not getting a job,” said Halbert and looked at me with a smile.
On receiving information about the incident, the Byrnihat Police Outpost together with the Special Rescue Team, rushed to the scene to recover the body of the youth. , could not be removed yesterday and those who went to remove them on Monday.
He said that not only is the village authority concerned about the incidents of tragic incidents which are mostly from Assam, but the village authority is also concerned about the arrival of people from outside the village authority. They are also concerned that they spread garbage, they throw bitor which is a threat to the environment and which destroys the appearance of this river and for this reason the village authority has put in place restrictions so that those who come They have the responsibility to protect the cleanliness of the river and also to prevent any tragic incident.
The group has offices in Garo Hills, Ri Bhoi District, Bhalaganj, Balat, Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills and other places in Meghalaya which oversee the activities of the CPC. in the state of Meghalaya.
On the claim of former MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit that the ILP does not need to be taken and only the government's announcement has been implemented in Khasi and Jaintia, Conrad said, “The implementation of the ILP has been implemented in Khasi and Jaintia Hills. The Preamble was amended by the President and recently, it was amended on 11th November 2019 in relation to Manipur and does not include Meghalaya and Meghalaya existed only in the past"
Therefore we should not be guided by the opinions of others.
Pynshngain also expressed his dissatisfaction with the complaints made against him by various ruling parties and said that it should be resolved within the NPP before reaching there.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Samuel Biam President of the Seng Samla Mawlai Pyllun (SSMP) said that the Minister has requested the Minister to set up a treatment center for drug addicts. The Rehabilitation Center will be run by the Government through the Social Welfare Department due to the lack of access to poor households for treatment in private facilities. they.
You can also eat it with the fruit.
“When the government announced on 19th January that they will set up a committee to look into the implementation of the roster system, we accepted it.
Jowai selling price Rs.22.75 per liter (SK Oil Agency Price, Jowai Rs.17.40, SK OIL Sub-Agency, Transportation Charges-Rs.2.00 per liter Godown/Labour Charges-Rs.1.85 per liter Profit Margin= Rs. 1.50 per litre).
The MLA has gained the trust of the people and is regarded as one of the politicians in the state who is free from corruption and who stands firm to protect the people. and also to protest against the proposed uranium mining.
The next match on the 20th November, 2023 will be between Mynthong and 7 Wasa United at 1 pm.
We will share our experiences in this field at the P20 conference and strive to bring about women-led development around the world.
Speaking to media, she said that the reason why the state government has not yet started the vaccination of people aged 18 to 44 years is because of the that the state does not yet have the drugs.
“Bah Wahlang has been rejected by the people in the elections and because he has nothing to do, he has set up the Political RTI Contractual Agency with some members, who are his relatives,” he said. , asked Mr. Sanbor.
The Khasi 9-Lad, which is the long awaited Khasi film, will be screened and released in cinemas on February 20, 2013 next month.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Batskhem Marboh, spokesperson of the VPP, said that Bah Ardent has started to recover since Saturday after two days of hunger strike. home.
On Saturday, 31 new cases were confirmed, 2 people died, bringing the total number of deaths from COVID-19 in the state to
“The movement of Bengalis from Assam and West Bengal may be due to the upcoming Assembly elections in these states.
Shillong, July 27: The Garo residents who have settled abroad will no longer be able to benefit from the reservation policy allocated to the Garo people under the Reservation Policy of the State. The Cabinet has decided to amend the Office Memorandum (OM) of
Meanwhile, u L.Pyrtuh said that the union wants to take action on this issue, so that the meat consumers can get good meat.
It also demanded that the Governor of the RBI should resign from his post as he has allowed the Modi government to interfere and cross the border within the RBI. Governor V Shanmuganathan will not take part as the chief guest in the Republic Day celebrations as he will leave for Arunachal Pradesh as he has been appointed to oversee the state.
It is possible to do it alone, when there is a will to do it.
On the other hand, Dr War appealed to the people to refrain from walking and standing without work to prevent the spread of Covid-19 in the state.
Look towards income generation activities through various development programs in the agriculture and livestock sectors.
Meghalaya will prepare for their match against Mizoram on the 8th.
What is shocking is that the paradoh parasnam have followed the example of those Dkhars who don't know how to clean themselves or their homes or their villages and roads.
He said that it is a great shame for the present government, because on Friday, Amit Shah, the Union Home Minister, strongly criticized the state of Meghalaya. It is the first state in the North East in terms of corruption.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, has also informed that all schools and other government offices will be closed on 18th November 2019, for the celebration of Unitarian Anniversary.
On Saturday, the United Nations Refugee Agency (UNHCR) said that although it is not clear how many people were on board the ship, it is estimated that that there were between 400 and 750 of them.
“If the Government has not been able to provide T.1 crore from the Chief Minister Relief Funds to the disaster victims in Sikkim, why can't it use the money from the Contingency Fund to release the scholarships that are still available? “It's still standing,” said Bah Synrem.
The Government's delay in the salary of the teachers, especially us SSA teachers,” said the MSSASA leader. He said that they are leaders who do not have a strong mind and who look only for their own interests and not for the benefit and welfare of the people.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Kong B Nongbri said that the department is conducting a test on the exhaust of vehicles to find out whether they exceed the scientific method.
Speaking to media, Robertjune Kharjahrin said that the first phase of the Direct Action has already started and it is the same as the Anti Infiltration Police. good work in these months with the participation of members of the party.
Other speakers included EJNC Vice President Ency Shadap, EJNC President Khliehriat Unit, Mebanteilang Sukhalin, EJNC Khliehmyntriang Unit President Lector Dkhat. encouragement and support to the leaders and members of the Deiñsatlang Unit.
Shillong, March 31: U Bah Latham Khongsit of Laitmawsiang village under Khatarshnong-Laitkroh on Tuesday said that he does not agree with the reply of the BDO regarding the answer. RTI request on the roads constructed in Laitmawsiang.
Instead of worrying about these important issues, we see that government officials are trying to complete the implementation of their own projects and to buy land and houses in the city center and even to work. own the coal mines belonging to the people who lead this government.
Sir,We the people of Nongphyllut and Labang of Nongphyllut Dolloiship leant with great sorrow the bad motive of the Mikirs to include us with them in their present fight to have their own Sub-division.
When they came to power, they forgot all the promises.
At 3 PM, Thadmuthlong Stadium will play against Mookyrdup.
This training is to teach the children how to climb rocks and also the techniques to avoid injuries because climbing rocks is difficult. well if there are no formal or formal trainings.
“We will also hold a meeting with the Urban Affairs Department to discuss this issue,” he said. “Today we will also discuss this issue and for that reason I tell you that on this issue, perhaps we can do something".
“Just tell me.
He also hoped that the youth who have received these equipment will use them properly so that it will be of great benefit to them how to start setting up jobs to support themselves.
Instead of promoting the Khasi language, it has promoted the English language which is a foreign language which has nothing to do with the nation,” said Bah Nongsiang.
Jowai, March 24 : The final match of the Open Basketball Tournament 2022 scheduled to be held tomorrow, March 25, 2022 has been postponed due to heavy rainfall. .
He also urged the youth to follow in the footsteps of Woh Kiang Nangbah in the courage and spirit of helping each other and congratulated the Seiñ Raij Niamtre Shillong for organizing this event. awarding of students who have done well and passed well in various categories.
Ravichandran Ashwin remains in the top position in the batting category, despite not being able to take part in the final of the World Test. Championship.
“I am deeply saddened by the sudden passing away of the former President of the country, who has given hope to the entire country,” said Defense Minister Rajnath Singh.
The East Khasi Hills has won the title after winning 15 titles.
In line with this is the National Hydrogen Mission which will create an environment that paves the way for the production of green hydrogen.
Daniel's remarks came on the railway issue where some political parties have said that the entry and exit points cannot stop the illegal entry of mynder except for the ILP. The government has said that it cannot implement the ILP. It has asked us for our opinion on what kind of law to implement. KSU has not stopped the demand for ILP, we have said that after the implementation of the Entry Exit Point we have to check whether they can work as planned or whether there is any shortcoming,” said Daniel. .
“The political situation in the state is as usual, I see the desire of the people for change, so this desire of the people will remain strong in the future. “It's a change in the political situation in the state,” he said.
Four districts of the state including East Khasi Hills with 8 cases, Ri-Bhoi with 3 cases, West Garo Hills-1 and East Jaintia Hills-1 .
I have already said that I will accept any punishment they impose on me and I don't want to go to jail,” Prashant Bhushan told reporters.
In 2014, it was PK's plan that won the Lok Sabha elections and one of the issues that was known as chai pe charcha. Shillong: There have been 686 new cases of covid-19 in the country today, 499 recovered cases and 499 deaths. there are 12 people.
However, on Saturday, the residents of Mawlongbna, came to meet with the journalists, at the same place, to say that the injuries of the residents of Thyllaw were not due to the shooting. The residents of Mawlongbna, but they said that it was due to the slow driving of the residents of Mawlongbna and admitted that there were also four residents of Mawlongbna who were injured in the same incident. you are afraid.
How can people who have jobs be satisfied and not be poor ? What are the reasons why families and society are destroyed? ETC, How can the poorest of the poor survive?  A wise government should have a policy or planning how to save everyone, otherwise it doesn't make sense to just give thum, give goods instead of livelihood.
Renuka said that a statement received from the Congress media said that the head of the department, Ajay Maken, said, “We don't agree with T.12 and T.5 tyngka. “The same food as these two Congress leaders have said is shameful and stupid and also meaningless.
Shillong, Nailur 21: After receiving a tip that some ULFA militants were coming from Bangladesh to enter India, BSF troops in Tura have arrested ULFA militants. He was arrested in Kachhuadogri, West Garo Hills district.
Others follow the example of the sin of the firstborn by hiding their sins from men and to be regarded as righteous and holy.
Although the Voice of the People Party (VPP) has not yet appointed office bearers in the Sohiong-Nongspung constituency, three leaders have sent a letter to the President of the VPP, Bah Ardent M. Basaïawmoit said that they want to be a candidate in the MDC elections from this constituency to be held next year.
When he reached near the Auto Rickshow stop, four people speaking a foreign language came and asked him for help.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The District & Sessions Judge (DLSA), Ribhoi District, Nongpoh in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority (MSLSA), Shillong will hold a Lok Adalat on The District & Sessions Judge, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh on the 25th of this month from 10:00 am.
"This leader of MGLPSCTA in an indefinite protest held in Shillong on 5th July, 2022 handed over all the Dulir to the State Government through the Magistrate after the group fell The Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, told the leaders of the group that the Government has no choice but to continue to employ the contract teachers. weng from the work.
At the same time, the Forum expresses its concern over the recent incidents against Christians and other minority religions in India.
It took Ryntih only 10 minutes to equalize the game with Andy passing the ball to Banehskhem who turned the ball straight against the Nangkiew goalkeeper and entered the net. They were not appointed by Rihoklang Khongjoh.
The Archbishop said there is a risk that there will be more attacks on churches and therefore he informed that there will be no Sunday services.
Nongpoh, Lber 07: A forest of Mawrathud village in Ri-Bhoi District has suddenly caught fire on the evening of on the 5th of October until the residents of the village came out to extinguish the fire which burnt down and destroyed the village forest.
“My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge”.
It means that we must love to work and we earnestly seek it.
I too will fall back to myself and my family,” he said to his brothers.
To achieve this, the Mission has set a target of completion by
) and Superintendents of Police in all districts of the State (Assam).
O/C Madanrting PS-0364-2231408, O/C Shillong Sardar PS -0364-2224818 / 2224400, I/C Police Control Room, Shillong -0364-2222214 /2222215.
Opening the discussion on the cut motion, Nongkrem MLA Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit and Umsning MLA Dr Celestine Lyngdoh questioned the inability of the state police to take action on the case. sensitive such as the murder of Bah Cherishterfied and the illegal mining.
The symptoms of mentally ill people often do not mix with people who avoid or sit alone and often think and compare with others.
Colinsalmon Lyngdoh won the Best Player award.
“If the government wants to set up a Border Out Post (BOP) as announced by the Prime Minister today, the government should do it and not announce it publicly. “It's a good idea to have a police force with bullets and the power to shoot,” said Bah Roy Kupar Synrem.
While the Khasi have been living in Khadengar since 1939 when India was under the rule of the French and also have sufficient documents to prove their ownership. a place they have migrated now for decades.
It is encouraging that those who have the spirit will be the supporters of this Hospital.
We shouldn’t be happy to see the old road, but we should be afraid because it’s not necessarily a sign of good news.
When comparing the knowledge of people in the past and now, the knowledge of people has differed greatly.
So far, there are three candidates for this seat.
In the International Cricket Council (ICC) Player of the Month award for June, one of England's leading players, Harry Brook, has won the title. India's Ravindra Jadeja and Gudakesh Motie of the West Indies were ahead of the West Indies in the race for the trophy.
Shillong, Naitung 7: A Maruti Aulto ML05 E 2749 collided with another vehicle at Thadlas kein today. Two persons were killed in the accident. another was injured.
“We have witnessed that the hills have collapsed, the fields have been flooded, the bridges and roads have collapsed and now the people are waiting for the collapse of the government,” said Bah George.
Deborah Pohtmi, who is more than 60 years old and has three children, has died.
He said that through the exhibition, it will also encourage many youngsters to join the Indian Air Force, to become the defenders of the country from the air.
Pastor Phawa recalled that the Presbyterian Church has a rule or law issued in 1991, which states that the youth of the church should not take outside the church work while the church is taking over. to the correction.
However, even if the large factories which the government still owes tens of crores, the government will listen.
In connection with the final match on the 26th, the Club invites and invites the football fans to come and witness the match, where the players of the big teams like 7Wasa and others will play. to compete in this final.
Besides, the mother said that she wants to send her child to continue her education, but she does not feel able to send her to other schools, due to poverty.
“I don't understand why there is a need to gather and stir up the people in this way only three months after the formation of the government,” he said.
The candidates for the 09th Nongpoh Constituency include Bah Mayral Born Syiem of the UDP, Macdalyne Sawkmie Mawlong of the NPP, Rona Khymdeit of the Congress (INC), Marian Maring of the BJP, Longsingh Bey of the TMC and Bismo Ingty of the TMC are the independent candidates.
Travis Scott on his trip to Japan expressed his surprise that no one knew about him.
The sweetness of the cleanliness of the river.
We drive only 7km and we have to pay them less than 50 tyngka...I strongly condemn these robbers who leave the group and steal only themselves.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Monday launched 34 manifestos of the party to the people of the state. The 2023 elections will be held on the 27th of this month.
He also encouraged the youth and all the athletes to take advantage of the government's assistance and to take part in various sports activities.
The prize money for these prizes will be 2 lakh shiteng for the first place and 1 lakh shiteng for the second place.
According to the source, Vanhreluaia allegedly took a five-year-old girl from her home in Champhai and committed the crime against her.
He said that foreigners who are entitled to citizenship will not be affected if the ILP is implemented as Article 4 of the Act empowers the village authorities to make rules according to their status.
New Delhi: India has now ranked third in the world in the number of coronavirus cases.
“Since 2014, when the coal mining was banned, many people have been affected in their livelihoods, but as people we should not lose hope because there are many other sources of income such as agriculture, agriculture, farming. and others.
Police in Kasur district of Punjab province on Monday said that a man has killed his daughters inside his house.
These two schools are Nartiang Pohshnong Government Lower Primary School and Nartiang Modop Lower Primary School.
On the 8th June, the cleanliness drive was taken over by the students and staff of NEIGRIHMS together with the residents of Pynthorumkhrah.
A complaint has been lodged against Thomas Sangma, MLA of North Tura Constituency, for allegedly raping a woman several times. and he promised not to marry her.
He said that it is necessary to strengthen the protection of the villagers but that it should not affect the people who come in for any purpose.
On the election against AL Hek, who has won five terms as MLA from this constituency, and Pynshngain N Syiem, MDC Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah, Rocky said it was not easy but he works hard to get the support of the villagers and he has no doubts because he is the owner of the village.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 08: Forty candidates for the 5-Sutnga Saipung and 6-Khliehriat Constituencies today completed their scrutiny at the office of the Deputy Commissioner in Khliehriat. They were also attended by their supporters from different villages in these two constituencies.
Rupang asked Eugene how he feels about becoming the most expensive player in the ISL alongside Sunil Chettri. “I am very happy and first of all I thank him. “It is through his guidance that I have become what I am,” said Eugene, who added that he will never forget Bengaluru which has elevated him to this level of fame. He said that it was through Bengaluru that he got the title.
There were 36 gold medal winners, 35 silver medal winners and 78 bronze medal winners.
According to GHADC officials, a tip was received from a village known as Timbogre near New Bhaitbari last night about the presence of a thapsim khla in the village.
A cold snap in the spring occurred that we have not seen in the past.
Chelsea beat Manchester City 2-0 in the Premier League on Saturday night.
The total number of cases in Assam has risen to 1,4
There are reasons why the TMC has decided to look for other candidates, because it is impossible for all the MLAs to get the ticket from the party, and to win we must be clear on this. " said Dr. Mukul Sangma.
Furthermore, if there are any differences in the EPICs, such differences should be rejected when the voter can verify them.
Tyngkan also explained to the people that the Congress Party has not yet lost its identity in Meghalaya, as there are some who say that the Congress Party does not exist anymore.
Bah Har Basalormaw from Umsning village, said that the problem is that they don't get fertilizer from government officers according to their needs and most of them have to buy from the market. They said that they weighed 10 kilograms.
Good Children:- Good children come through good parents, good families “Every good tree bringeth forth good fruit” (Mt 7:17). (Proverbs 10:1) When there are good parents, the children are good; leaders, dignitaries from that family who will lead the society of the country and the nation, heroes, worthy leaders who have responsibility.
Nongpoh, November 21: The Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (HNAM) Women Wings (HNAM) has staged a protest against the government's failure to meet the demands of the people on the border. The residents of the border area including Killing, Umtyrnga have marched to Nongpoh and also to hold a flag raising ceremony from Nongpoh to the DC's office in Village.
“I demand that the minister should apologize for this false information, if you don't apologize I will file a privilege motion against you,” Marak said.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, an officer, who did not want to be named, said that the main reason why SS Infrazone Pvt Ltd has stopped constructing this road is because it has not been able to construct it anymore. The work has been completed due to the delay in relocating and burying the water pipes along the road that supplies water to Shillong.
There are about 4.5 meters of height in the phyllung.
On the other hand, Bah Ardent President of the VPP congratulated all the people who gave their right hand and left hand to elect Dr. Ricky.
The curfew will be lifted from 8 pm on 7th October 2020 to 8 pm at Police Bazar, parts of Quinton Road to Umsohsun Bridge. these places.
It is on these grounds that as an elected leader, he has to join the BJP in order to advocate for the issues of the people in the constituency.
Besides these PDF leaders from Sengkmie and Mawhati Constituency, the Rangbah Shnoing and the people of Mawpat Village were also present. They also supported the PDF especially Bah Roswel Shadap as the PDF candidate from Mawhati Constituency.
It is hoped that the Government will do its utmost to carry health messages across the state and will not spend too much time only in the city.
Acknowledging the difficulties he has gone through to reach this goal, he said, “No matter where we come from, what matters is what kind of mindset we come from.
The announcement of the award was made by the Global Players Union FIFPro.
It is to be recalled that the foundation stone of the Sonapur Borkhat road has been laid on 16th November 2022 by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong.
“They were involved in the destruction of my shop in 2004 in Motphran which was built in 1999 after I received permission from the Minister of Forestry,” said Bah Rani. , why other shops are still in the area and more have been built".
The tournament, also known as the Winter Sports Activities, was organized by Mawkynrew Sports & CC with the financial support of Yess! Meghalaya which is one of the departments of the state government in the development of various teams whether sports teams and others and especially for the youth.
Therefore, the Hima urges all the shopkeepers to cooperate with the Hima to come together on this day to clean up the shops in the market.
“The MDA government has decided that all the Ministers including the Prime Minister should donate to the flood victims in Garo Hills,” he said.
Speaking on the market and to clarify the allegations by the leaders of the foreign group, Minister Langstieh and Basan Nongkseh, said that the allegations by the leaders of the Gau Gyan Foundation, are groundless. nothing and they are just baseless accusations.
“The HRD should take responsibility for the people of the North East by defaming this university in the region by appointing an incompetent head as vice chancellor,” he said. these two organizations.
Request to all the people to help the farmers by breaking the rotten waste to turn it into fertilizer and not to break the plastic waste, bottles into the sharing that flows into the Pynthor Kba.
In Ri Bhoi, 154 cases have been reported from High Risk Contact 4, ILI Case 9, Jyntru Cluster 3, Kyntonphanram Cluster 5, Lum Nongrim Dewlieh Cluster 4, Mawlasnai Cluster 5, Mawlein Cluster 3, MIDC Cluster 13, Rangmen Cluster 3, Saiden Cluster 3, Syad Rit Cluster 5, Umden Nongtluh Cluster 3, Umlyngkdait Cluster 5, Umsning Cluster 24, Wahlakhar Cluster
The Managing Committee of Umkynrut LP & UP School, Riat Laban Kynjat Phutbol School, today had the opportunity to distribute school uniforms to the students who come to study at this school. This school is located in the South Shillong Constituency.
It is worth mentioning that the efforts to start the Delhi-Shillong-Delhi flight have been taken by the State Government in
In this time of trouble and darkness, we don't have any other words, because the Creator knows better about all this, but let's put it together in prayer. May the Lord God comfort us, cover and restore our sorrows as a family that has experienced such incidents.
Under the UDAN scheme, eight new airports have been built and 71 flights launched in the last 10 years.
This action of the BSF shows their disregard for the authority of the district authorities and the State Government and is illegal, and the State Government should file a complaint against the BSF. under Sections 147, 148, 323, 353 and 427 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC),” the statement said.
“We will work hard by going to all the villages to strengthen the party,” said Rikman.
He said that it is the Central Government that decides to recognize the languages ​​and for many decades no languages ​​have been recognized.
There are 431 recoveries and 9 deaths.
On the other hand, the two Sengs also demanded that the DC should strengthen the security forces in Nongstoiñ to prevent and prevent any crime and especially to prevent the increasing number of traffic accidents. the heat of the drivers.
If the government cannot assure that the langpih falls within Meghalaya.
In fact, the road was scheduled to be completed in October 2014 but it is understood that it has not been completed within the stipulated time due to the lack of land.
Musk has been married to his wife for three years and they have a one-year-old son.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The beautiful tourist attractions in Laitlum have attracted tens of thousands of tourists not only from all over Meghalaya but also from abroad. tourists the residents of this area are experiencing an increase in income as well.
Another issue is that if the mother/or children have become Christians, the religion of the deceased has been completely abandoned because it is no longer permissible to bury the shyiang of the deceased.
Shillong, March 4 : Members of the Academic Council (AC) of NEHU have directed the Vice Chancellor (VC) and Chairman of the Academic Council (NEHU) to convene an emergency meeting to discuss the on the allegation of illegal implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP) 2020 at the Under Graduate level for the academic year 2023-24 without the approval of the Academic Council.
However, after the Congress rejected him, he did not join any other party and it is until now that he and all his supporters have decided to join the HSPDP. Other parties believe that it will upset (L) Maieit Hopingstone Lyngdoh.
B Bhattacharjee, who is the lawyer of Ma Sumer, alleged that there was misuse of crores of rupees for the payment of these Parliamentary Secretaries, who are also public leaders. , provide support to the State government.
During the raid, nine houses and two cowsheds were destroyed for squatting on government land.
In the 4x50m men's freestyle relay, Assam won the gold medal (01:44.19), Manipur won the silver medal (01:49.46) and Tripura (01:54.56) won the silver medal.
He said that as it has become clear in Manipur, the conflict is only between the two ethnic groups but behind the scenes there is something that has brought about the intention to destroy the children and the churches of the Christians.
The Women's Church has also decided not to allow all vendors to set up shops and volunteers will be available to look after this area at the church.
The Act 1980 and the Rules 1982 are more profitable for brokers and commission agents because they are the ones who lower the price of agricultural products and teach them to cut kilos and auction the highest price in the country. at 8 pm at a low price and sell at 11 or 12 pm on the same day just to get a higher commission and more money than the farmer who pays four or five months. The broker or commission agent earns money in two or three hours by changing the price from high to low.
In this incident, the truck burnt down only from the inside and the fire could not burn completely, as some residents of the village saw and went to extinguish the truck. ding.
We urge the leaders and various NGOs to come forward and help this young man”.
It was the most when measured.
These include EGH: 1, EKH: 48, RBD: 7, WJH: 2 and WKH:
Bah Hamlet expressed his gratitude to the land owners who have allowed him to pass the road from their land to Sohtyngab, Myrkhan.
Along with thousands of people who attended the ceremony, the Governor of Meghalaya, Banwarilal Purohit, today said that the chief guest was Justice Ved Prakash Vaish, Judge of the Meghalaya High Court. Sniawbhalang Dhar and other government officials from various departments are in charge of the C&RD Block.
Nepal's Prime Minister KP Sharma Oli has made a different statement today, saying that Ayodhya is not in India, but in Nepal.
Why did you go like that? It cannot be said that each manla is completely different.
Taking the opportunity to announce what he has done through the media which has already waited for him in front of the gate of Shillong District Jail, Bah Ïangrai, said that his arrest was an attempt to arrest him. After he had requested RTI on many government activities and also after he had lodged a complaint through the Crime Branch.
In the second half, Alem managed to score through Ronnie Nongbri, who struck the ball with his right foot until the MLP goalkeeper couldn't do anything to save it.
She made her national debut at the U-17 level in 2005 and in the same year played for the Indian senior team, leading the Blue Tigress to 46 time and scored 36 goals.
The tournament was organized by the West Jainta District Sports Association (WJDSA), Jowai.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The Governor of NEIGRIHMS, today held the 4th Graduation Day cum 7th Lamp Lighting and Oath Taking ceremony at the Auditorium. was like a guest.
On the other hand, Bah Process, who is also the Dy.CEM of KHADC, said that the protest was not arranged or requested by these youths. He said that it is exactly the arrangement of a few youths from Mawlai.
Bah Sawkmie also called upon the people of Ri-Bhoi District to join hands with the party in this two-night programme, so that the protest will be successful. of the organization shall be the same.
The General Secretary of the Union, Bah RL Blah, said in a statement, “It is regrettable that the government has not pushed the request of the Rangbah Shnongs for a copy of the Bill so that they can read it first.
“The government has failed to address the problems of the people of Khasi Jaintia while the people of Garo Hills have been allowed to resume their economic activities in relation to international trade between India and India. Bangladesh,” the statement said.
Lawmali defeated Smit last year in the semi final of the 4th Assam Rifles Invitational Football Tournament which was held at Laitkot Stadium today.
On the other hand, the union congratulated the Commandant of 58 GTC, Happy Valley for allowing the members of the union and the children to train on the climbing wall before leaving the city to go to the climbing wall. this is the competition.
Biplab said that Diana Hayden has not represented Indian women like Aishwarya Rai.
Only Emergency Service vehicles will be allowed to pass.
The KSU wishes all the students to do well in their final examinations.
The robbers used a Bolero (ML 05 D 5865) belonging to Brightstar Shadap and took them to Laitumkhrah Police Station for further investigation.
He said the government had already conducted a survey on provincialisation in 2014 and had sent a report to the state government to take the necessary action but till now it has not done anything. .
Shillong: Mohun Bagan beat Shillong Lajong 3-1 in the quarter-final of the Hero Super Cup in Bhubaneswar today.
“This campaign by the students to collect plastic, plastic bottles and garbage is also part of the Clean India Campaign, in which the Government of India's goal is to make all areas of the India to be clean and to avoid spreading garbage in public places,” said Samla Rejoicing Suchiang. In Nongpoh, it is through the cooperation of the students through the NSS, Ri Bhoi College Unit, he added.
Vs The Byrhien And Ors.
Therefore, the KHADC has decided that it will soon announce publicly that the Kurs and Jaits will send their lists to the District Council. The meeting shall be held when the information collection of the kurs has arrived.
However, the ECI does not have the personnel to send to all the villages to conduct the inspection.
“He also said that the funding was based on the decision of the College, in which the Church had no role.
This was announced by the President of the 18th West Shillong Block Congress Committee, Rishan Rapsang.
The DC urged the SP to close down all these illegal factories and ensure that these factories without CTE and CTO should no longer operate and prosecute them under section 188 IPC and others. other rules of law.
He has acted in the films Nasib I Parhel, Nei ï Daw and others.
Education Minister Rakkam A Sangma said it is not right to turn the school system into a political system, adding that the High Court order also allows teachers to enter the political system. kingdom, but not to turn schools into political platforms.
Donbor Rymbai from Liarkhla, The Seng is deeply saddened especially because Donbor Rymbai is one of the members of the Seng, and this action of him has shocked all the members, in which the Seng does not expect and does not I don't think that as a person within the Seng Bhalang, I would do such a wild thing.
He hoped that NEIGRIHMS will continue to move forward in the field of health care according to this technology.
He scored 31 goals in 30 league games and won the Pichichi and European Golden Shoe alongside Liverpool striker Luis Suárez.
“If this machine cannot be built and implemented, it is like a marjot to sell kilos and the intention to help the people has been defeated,” said the EC in its report. .
In 1911, the British Government moved the capital of India from Kolkata to New Delhi.
The Deputy Chief Minister shall first send advertisements for those highly qualified posts so that the public can know whether they are qualified or not.
Bah Andrias said that their arrival in this new village was after the earthquake of 1897 and there has been a terrible change since the collapses, collapse of houses and others. of.
The Indian Army has witnessed China's preparedness by deploying bombers, powerful bombs and helicopters along the LAC. fighting in Hotan in Xinjiang (east of Ladakh), Ngyari (about 100 kilometers east of Ladakh) and Shigatse (150 km east of Sikkim) Nyingchi, in eastern Arunachal Pradesh, is the largest city in the country.
e-governance is the assistance through CSCs where citizens can get assistance such as applying for Schedule Tribe Certificate and others, Digipay assistance in paying for entrance test and others, Telelaw legal assistance and health services.
“I once again urge the youth not to listen to the MLA's speech, but to stand firm and be ready to submit their applications online,” he said. said.
Nongpoh, November 29: Three members of a family at 10mer in Khanapara area of ​​Ri Bhoi District have escaped injuries after a heavy stone suddenly fell from the roof of the house. It is located in Ri Bhoi District.
After that, he went to Shillong Govt.
The shooting tournament was opened on 21st October 2023 and the tournament will start today on 22nd October
The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills on Friday banned any person or group from demanding or collecting money from illegal shopkeepers. to arrest those who are involved.
Shillong, Lber 22: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday reminded the MDA-II Government that the time has come to create another Community and Rural Development Block (C&RD). ) in Umdohlun or Wahkaji, which are villages in South West Khasi Hills.
In the second half, Shano Tariang scored two goals, but Bengal won again and the match ended with Bengal scoring four goals and Meghalaya scoring four goals. only 3 calls.
Is this the reason why, when there was a railway near Guwahati, it reached Mizoram and went back to Meghalaya? If the railways come to these hills of Meghalaya, many hills will collapse, forests will stagnate and disappear, hills and wild parts will change shape, coal, white dust will disappear. , the clean air will blow, the health will disappear, from what is now and such things that the fire of nature is still covering while it remains.
“The insurgents may attack any government property or civilians, the bomb blast on the Moreh border yesterday may be the first attack by the insurgents,” said government sources.
Speaking on November 21, Mohendro said, “Three of us (MLAs) Congress members have left to support the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by the National People's Party (NPP). Party.
However, UCO Bank has not been able to clarify whether the error in sending the money was due to the mistake of the employees or due to hacking.
The distribution of M-Tabs under the Chief Minister's Digital Learning Aid Scheme to the students of Class XI for the year 2022-2023 was organized by the office of the Block Development Officer, Mairang C&RD Block, Mairang. Speaking on the occasion, the Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board said that the students are the future of the society and therefore they should work hard to join hands with the students from other parts of the world. He also urged all those who witnessed the program to accept the good things that technology has brought to the society.
“We have designed this program to provide training to the youth involved in the factory industry so that they can get jobs,” said Kong Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Nailar 05: The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Thursday alleged that the leaders of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) They have tried to persuade their colleagues in the MDA Government before the 2023 elections.
“The State Government will soon resolve the border issue because since the Assam and Meghalaya Governments have lifted the Status Quo, we have seen the invasion of Karbi or Assam people in many areas. and this has caused a disruption in terms of peace and order, in which they continue to commit acts of violence against our people living in these border areas.
Shillong: The President of the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) on Tuesday said that there has been an attempt to split the party by buying two MLAs of the party to destroy the party.
The seven persons arrested by the Ri Bhoi Police are identified as Kandil Marak, Rechil Momin, Wilsh Marak, Robert Momin, Marus Marak, Bimod Marak and Collin Marak. in the villages near the area, where the robbery occurred.
After that, it was announced by the same groups that only a Proterm Chairman should be elected to conduct the Dorbar and not as decided by the EC. The General Secretary presented the report of the EC from 1/9/2018 to 14/05/2022 with the reading of the decision of the EC on 14/4/2 and 14/05/2022, said Bah Jyrwa.
And it is the duty of the future generation to follow suit," he said.
The meeting was attended by the Executive Member of Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council, Syrya Rongphar as the chief guest and was also attended by Bah BS Teron, Founder of AMKA, President. Karbi Students Association, Samdon Teron, AMKA President Bistocan Timung, other leaders and Karbi people from different villages of Ri Bhoi.
The lack of adequate facilities and centers to write this examination has also prevented the youth from studying due to lack of income.
The MPLU and HTTA also alleged that some of the employees of the toll gates have taken advantage of the drivers by overcharging the government and this has caused dissatisfaction to the drivers. The public does not pass through the toll gate.
The motto of the association is “Bring about change”. The leaders of the association are Mr. KC Rymbai, Vice President Mr. J.K. Sumer,  Genl.
In this meeting, the CMD, A.Nikhla, said that there may be mistakes here and there and there will be no corporation that is sufficient and there will be shortcomings.
According to the resolution, the BJP has 31 MLAs while the AAP has 28 MLAs, the Congress eight and the Aakali Dal alone.
It is better to write in English than to be a child in front of many churches.
, where they discussed many issues at the school, which is also one of the schools in Sunapur area of ​​Assam.
He said that the Syiem of Sohra has replied that the dorbar cannot be held because the old sordar has not handed over the documents to the new sordar. When a new Sordar was elected in the old Dorbar, he handed over the books to the new Sordar.
“We will think in the New Year and we can also send a letter to the NGT to inform and complain about the change of color of the Lunar and Lukha rivers,” said the EJNC leader. The Commissioner for Health and Family Welfare, Sampath Kumar, said that as of today, 12 people from Meghalaya have returned from the United Kingdom.
In this regard, Congress MLA from Gambergre Constituency Saleng Sangma, while speaking on the setting up of a new committee to discuss the Roster System and Reservation Policy, said that what the government has done is He said that the best thing is that there should be only one share, 80 percent for all three ethnic groups and those who are skilled will get it.
The Union opposes the MCs for teaching and requests the Government to inform the School Managing Committees first, when taking any decisions in relation to teachers or schools. .
Shillong, Naitung 27: U Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit has decided not to take salary from the District Council but the question now is whether other MLAs who become MDCs at the same time will follow suit.
The Minister of State for Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri on Tuesday laid the flag for the Torch Relay of the 5th Meghalaya Games at the SSA Stadium Shillong. The tournament will be held from 15th to 20th July 2024 at Tura, West Garo Hills.
Since yesterday, this attempt has been successful after the Dorbar Shong Iawmusiang Tympang has made an attempt in Iawmusiang where people have been asked to stand before buying goods in the shops.
“I will write to the Supreme Court to remove me from the committee at the next meeting because at this age I find it difficult to come to Shillong from time to time,” he said.
Earlier, MP Lok Sabha and MLA Bah Charles Pyngrope spoke on the contribution of the Church in Khasi Jaintia since its foundation by Babu Hajom Kissor. Singh Nongbri was born in
In his resignation letter sent to the president of the BJP Meghalaya on Tuesday, Bah Shangpliang has mentioned his differences with the president of the party in the state and alleged that there is corruption within the party. under the supervision of these current leaders.
In this regard, the District Administration together with the officers have worked hard and dedicated their bodies and souls by enduring the rain, the sun and the wind just to protect their brothers and sisters and to train them. them what to do and what not to do.
In a letter signed by JSU President Jersom Syhylla, JYF-CB President OL Tariang and EJNC President Sambormi Lyngdoh, they expressed their full support to this. The public hearing of Stage-II in East Jaintia Hills District on the proposed power plant will be implemented for the benefit of the state as a whole.
The order of CAU Imphal said that the preparations have been in progress due to the current situation in Manipur and also at the request of the parents of the students and also from the leaders and government officials.
However, this wild behavior of the robbers has brought shame to the community,” said the statement.
By Bah Philip Marwein The proposal to nominate only one MP candidate from the 1st Shillong Parliamentary Constituency (1-SPC) from the ruling Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) has come from the Leader of Meghalaya. Chairman of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Donkupar Roy Dkhar.
We are conducting a thorough investigation into the motive behind this crime,” said Superintendent of Police East Khasi Hills District Rituraj Ravi in ​​a statement sent to the media on Friday.
Speaking to syllad.com, he said that the death of these pigs is a great loss to him as a pig farmer.
The BJP said it is time for MR to explain why the state received only a small amount of money from the Finance Commission and what he did with the money received from the previous Commission. She said that these statements are only to mislead the people and to cleanse themselves.
Speaking on this occasion, Bah Vivek said that the four persons who have been arrested for their involvement in car theft are Some of the drug users who also explained that drug use forces users to steal and kill people just to satisfy their desires.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Monday took part in the flag raising ceremony of the Car Rally of the National Cadet Corps (NCC) as part of the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of the National Cadet Corps (NCC). an.
It is also true that the ancients, when they had already started to fight, once the covenant was strong, the other side would not win at all.
Ina-Morato is directed by Bah Jimi Raul Kharmuti and directed the film to show that the sanctity of marriage has declined sharply.
The Seng congratulates the Muktiar including Kastav Paul and his assistants and Phiyo Yobin and his team.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The State Government has approved the proposal to provide pension to the deficit teachers in lower primary schools to encourage the teachers.
The program was attended by RM Kurbah, DC Ri Bhoi, Bah CSyrti, SP Ri Bhoi, Police officers, bike riders from the Royal Enfield Riders Association Meghalaya and others.
“I don't want to hold a mobile phone, I don't want to use a mobile phone,” said Lawanaibok.
With the support of Salesforce and the Smart Village Movement, the Sauramandala Foundation has set up two training centers as an initial initiative.
On the presence of Army worm which has affected many farmers especially in East Garo Hills, East Khasi Hills and West Khasi Hills, the Minister said, “The State Government has provided Bio-Pesticides to protect crops from Army Worm So far we have been able to control all these”.
Speaking to media, the Chairman of the Election Committee, Bah Witting Mawsor said that the party will soon release the second list of candidates from East Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills.
In this area, cows, muid and others were slaughtered by Khasi and Muslims who came to sell them in the markets like Polo, Madanrting, Nongthymmai and Laitumkhrah.
The CEM also introduced the proposal to produce land, market, forest, judiciary, trade, printing, land revenue, vehicle tax, to be used to protect the the earth, the shyiap, and others.
A drawing competition was also held and prizes were awarded to the winners.
A five-year-old boy has died today, one of 708 deaths in Britain today, bringing the death toll to 4,3
At the end of the world, Nandamuri Lakshmi Parvathi went to seek her deceased husband from the cemetery to live again.
Paul's election as Deputy Speaker of the Tripura Assembly has prompted Opposition Leader Animesh Debbarma of the CPI(M) and Legislative Party Leader Jitendra Choudhury to congratulate him on this occasion. .
Speaking to media, Bah Shullai said that the people will give their support to the BJP for its good works, whether it is in development works and the introduction of schemes. significantly improve the livelihood of the low income households especially in the rural areas as well as the implementation of various schemes to the farmers, households and other sectors.
The 50th Anniversary of the Bible Society of India, Mawkyrwat Branch will be celebrated on the 25th – 26th October 2023 at the Mawkyrwat Presbyterian Church.
The meeting was attended by BJP Meghalaya President Shibun Lyngdoh, Vice President John A Lyngdoh, Arnes Mawrie, David Kharsati, General Secretary Bashailang Khongwir and other party members.
Nongmensong managed to score 183 runs by 7 wickets after 26.4 overs.
The Meghalaya High Court on Friday accepted a petition filed by a resident of Baghmara who urged the court to remove the MLAship of Kartush R Marak. Baghmara constituency.
The truck was driven by the driver of the Home Guard, Bah N.Pariong.
Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the party, said that the UDP sees it as a campaign for change to change the minds of the people through awareness campaigns around the country and not as a political party. “If they have the intention to bring in that political party to the PDF, we have to think again, we want the group we belong to if it wants to form a party but it should do it clearly so that we can understand,” he said. he said.
The cargo terminal currently covers an area of ​​550 square meters and the new plan is to build an international cargo terminal building in the coming years.
Shillong, November 1: The Dorbar of Chief Executive Members (CEC) will hold a meeting tomorrow at 11 am at the Soso Tham Auditorium, State Central Library, Shillong.
On the road, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, said that the reason why he took the initiative to help provide the means to improve the road, was after he saw that the road, It is indeed very important for the people of the village and especially for the students of the school, which is famous in the villages on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Regarding the demand of many political parties to withdraw their cooperation with the BJP from the state government, Bah Lambor said that as of now, it is not appropriate to withdraw the BJP MLAs. because they too have taken the decision to oppose this Bill together with the Cabinet.
The match between Ladthadlaboh Sec School and Ïalong Sec School will be played at 8.00 pm.
Before the passage of VAB 2015, Adelbert Nongrum met with Dr. Mukul Sangma to urge the government to accept the VAB In his meeting on the 5th of July, u Bah Adelbert announced that he will starve to death if the government does not accept his demand. The government has said that it is still insufficient.
In fact, the foundation stone of this huge project was laid on March 22, 2008, and is scheduled to be completed in about three years, at least in 2011 or
Shiningstar Dkhar SDB, members of the Iongkaluh Village Church, while I Dn.
The number of samples sent so far is 40,621, 39,008 negative and 670 results are pending.
On this occasion, it was seen that the elderly and youth were shocked by the sound of bombs, ksing, Bikur and Bhuri along with Rong lane Raths brought from different villages around Jaintia Hills. .
When asked why he replied Thank You sir, he said he thought it was a greeting message, because he looked at it and it was a shot but it was in the morning that he saw that it was a message of congratulations.
However, they also reach the birth of mankind into the world, how from the sohpetkha of the mother and from the longrynieng of the father, the child comes into the womb of the mother, and is given to him. the soul of gold and the soul of silver by the Creator to take His longbriew in this world.
Police have seized the drugs from Silchar.
According to the General Secretary of AHAM, South Western Zone, Wester G. Sangma, the incident happened on Sunday when Assam officers came and tried to take over the land of a house. village owner, Indong Ch.
In Salmanpara, longtime Congress worker Damrik K Sangma has been replaced by Sinbath Marak despite the fact that Damrik has been preparing for more than two years to contest the election.
The HNLC said the reason for this is as part of the police's actions against the killings of HNLC members in the past such as those of HNLC. Tiewlong and Hepkhoit.
Speaking at the foundation stone laying ceremony, the Prime Minister expressed his gratitude to the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi and the Minister of Minority Affairs, Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi for this major project.
“Everyone knows that vehicles carrying Umphniang also fall under the list of essential goods and according to the rules of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, all the drivers and passengers of the vehicles have already passed the examination but the Dorbar Shnongs have not respected them. “I have appreciated the hard work of the drivers to transport Umphniang for the needs of the people in the state,” said Bah Allistar Diengdoh.
Leaders of FMGE&W on Saturday, met with the Chief Minister of the state who also promised to increase the DA by 4% – which will come into effect from on the 1st of June this year.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The election meeting of the youth and supporters of the United Democratic Party (UDP) East Khasi Hills District was held on Tuesday at the residence of the President of the party, Bah Donkupar Roy.
Football fans are ready to pay $110,000 for Lionel Messi's debut in Major League Soccer.
The Son said, "To to ia.
This road is important but it has been left without maintenance and this action of the government is unacceptable.
Shillong, Lber 20 : U Timothy D Shira, Senior Leader of the National People's Party (NPP) and MLA of Resubelpara, today won the election without any opposition to the post of Symbud Lamphang (Dy). Speaker) of the State Legislative Assembly.
Hundreds of young men and women took part in the old trail walk organized by the Trekking & Adventure Enthusiasts which started from Dkhiah West.
Fear can also force people to take up arms, to fight with swords, guns, and bloodshed.
At present, there are many vehicles, which have already been booked, for the wedding ceremony.
This road falls under the supervision of the Executive Engineer (EE) of Ranikor Division.
One of the banners carried during the march, read, “To the MLA Mawkyrwat, where do you put our future”.
The experience in the village as documented in this article shows otherwise.
Four Sengbhalang groups including the HYC, HANM, CoRP, ENJC and JSM under the umbrella of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission, today held a rally at Riangdo WKHD to They demanded that the government should implement the 9 demands of the group.
The Father who is the Creator and the Son who is the Savior and Redeemer, as well as the Holy Spirit who is the Sanctifier and Deliverer and to lead us into a new life.
The Assam government has forcibly occupied the village road in Khanapara, which has caused problems to the residents of the area, especially the students of the Nepali Sayogi Government LP. School and the churchgoers of the Fellowship Church, because they have to use this road to go to school and church.
The service was conducted by Rev.SD Lanong as Chairman and the KJP Standing Choir East, West, Central, Mawreng, Mawlong, Mookaiaw, Lama and the Mawlong Church Children's Prayer.
However, these two teams will compete for the third place in Group 2, while Meghalaya will face Mizoram for the final.
Furthermore, a speech was delivered by the members of the party, Rtn.
“In our efforts to improve the operation of MeECL, a meeting was held with officials of NTPC in the presence of Minister of Power Abu Taher Mondal and MeECL officials,” Conrad Sangma said in a tweet posted on Saturday.
He said that the KHADC used to appoint a governor who is not from the Syiem's ​​family as acting chief, but now it has appointed him as acting chief as it has appeared in the newspapers and on the media. These questions are not answered.
The Sordar of Lawrapha Village, Bah Dermorstar Lyngdoh Nonglait, together with the elders of the village, have come to complain to the MLA of the area, Bah Macmillan Byrsat regarding the flooding of the Umnamlang River. the village of that village.
The arrested persons include the driver and the passenger of the bus.
This is enough, but the government authorities, MLAs and MDCs should also provide more assistance to this village, in order to preserve the glory of the tourists from all over the country.
He said that if the nation loses its Kur, Ktien and Khyndew, it means that the nation will become a slave in its own country as happened to the indigenous people in Tripura.
The woman was identified as Junita Bengra, 19, of Tezpur-Assam.
Following this statement by the Principal of the Institute, the union itself is deeply concerned about the neglect and lack of attention of the government to the training centre, especially which is a training center for the youth who have the intention to become teachers.
There are also many evil deeds that these foreigners have, but take the good and evil.
but I say unto you, that it is time for us to think for the future generation.
It is not known how much money was collected at the meeting.
The leaders of various units should not rely on one or two leaders but should have people in charge of each unit so that development works do not reach only the families of the office bearers. of units.
Throughout the day, there were many dramas and programmes, with the participation of SHGs and others, which also served as a source of enrichment for this special day for women.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya President Prestone Tynsong today said that the party has already sent two nominations for the MP elections from Shillong and Tura but he has not been able to contest the nominations. NPP President Conrad K Sangma will announce the results next month.
“We will listen to what the HPC has to say and after that we will be able to tell what we should do and what we should not do,” he said. to do.
Speaking at the meeting, Kong J.U.Kharpuri encouraged the boys and girls who have been selected to be trained in this shooting competition not to waste their time even for a second. during their training because if they don’t concentrate it will be a big failure.
It is here that the saying goes, when Thyrnia drives a ksai, he follows or when a Jeep drives a trailer, he follows. That is the truth.
On the 12th, these two Maskut village leaders were threatened by people they knew and they were neighbors who farmed in Sung Valley.
Among them, one male walked alone while four females walked along.
Time has passed and the lack of attention to the proper implementation of some of the existing laws has not been able to achieve that dream, the desire and aspiration of the Hill State. it didn't work out.
On the allegation that Pyndap supports KHNAM which has decided not to get a ticket from the UDP, he said he has never asked for a ticket from the UDP.
The vendors who are selling in the area have not moved from their seats and are running the market as they usually do every day.
Grace Mary Kharpuri, Executive Member of KHADC, said that the life of a school child is not only about reading but also about exercising the mind through games.
The four political parties supporting the NPP government include UDP 11, BJP 2, HSPDP 2, PDF-2 and 2 independent MLAs.
The population has increased, the climate has changed, the seasons are no longer the same and this has affected their agriculture.
“The people of the state in the past years have allowed various governments to fulfill their dreams but these rulers have come to call the people with jali jaum shisen in the past. five years but this time the people have understood clearly to base it not only on the election results of the parties but on the works and activities that the parties have done.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 379 new cases have been confirmed and the number of active cases has risen to 4924 in the state.
Ms Dkhar said that the SURE office regularly trains the teachers and midday meal cooks of the schools how to provide these four types of food items per day. so that children can have a healthy body.
Out of these 26 posts, 16 posts have been allocated for men and 6 posts for women.
“On the other hand, Babu Ron also explained the meaning of the drawings.
Jethmalani died at 7.45 pm at his residence in New Delhi, said his son Mahesh Jethmalani.
On 7th June 2018, the Government of India, made it clear to the Court, that the settlement of the coal issue, is in the final stages and it is on this issue, that the Supreme Court, A final decision is expected on 30th November 2018 and it is on 30th November 2018 that the Government of India has said that it will submit a clear report in two days.
“We have also demanded that the Magisterial inquiry headed by ADM Bah SS Syiemlieh should make public the findings of the inquiry and implement the demands of the families of the two deceased. in the incident of shooting dead at Mookhep on the 24th of November,” said the statement.
When I talked to management, they were welcoming and assured me that I was someone ahead of what they were planning.
The order will affect the areas including the Municipal, Cantonment, Mawpat Block, Mylliem Block from Jiengkieng Umshyrpi, Madanryting, Mawblei, Nongkseh, Lawsohtun, Mawdiangdiang, Diengpasoh and Seijong.
However, they don't get any support from anyone, whether from the government or any other group, nobody pushes and nobody dares to talk about the problems we as farmers face.
“No matter what we do or implement, the important thing is to have the ownership of the people so that it can be successful,” he said.
U Bah HDR Lyngdoh suddenly fell ill this evening after taking part in the election campaign in Mawmaram.
In the morning we saw a hill covered with forests and when we walked closer about 10 miles we saw a house, immediately we walked quickly to reach the goal.
Alexander Lyngdoh is a young man from Namdong-0A Village who has a disability because he cannot speak since he was a child. and now he works as a carpenter with his friends in Jowai.
I Lt Cheris, whether the inquiry has been completed or not, will wait until the information is clear.
According to Bah Larry, last year the total number of registrants was about 1.6 lakh and in 2015 they have set a target of 6.5 lakh.
The training program on the dangers of drugs and alcohol was held at St. Joseph's Secondary School, Mawbsein, Lum Mission. President, Bah Donald Syiemlieh, Medical Officer of Kyrdem PHC, Dr SR Rapsang, Officer Incharge of Khapmara PIC, Bah P Thabah and also included Village Leaders, Elders, School Children and the public. in the Village of Mount Mission.
"Pijush Hazarika is the head of the Regional Committee of West Karbi Anglong District, while Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar is the head of the Regional Committee of West Jaintia Hills District. -Candle.
“People from Meghalaya have tried to set up a school in Bhalukmari, Assam which will be run by the Meghalaya government.
And through planting trees, riding bicycles while walking and standing, or using light vehicles, we can reduce air pollution.
Although the Ministry of Consumer Affairs has classified the hand sanitizer as an essential item, the GST Act has classified the hand sanitizer as its own.
After the inspection, Bah Jason Sawkmie Mawlong, said that his visit to the village and also to hold a meeting with the people of the village, was to know that the preparations for the service. Synod, that it may be conducted in an orderly manner.
They also witnessed the condition of the road to Muallian village, where the residents are facing many difficulties in coming and going due to the poor condition of the road and it is still only a dirt road. khohruh, khohram which causes problems especially during the rainy season where vehicles cannot pass through this dirt road during the rainy season.
Shillong: Imson beat Marbisu 2-1 in the 1st Division Football Championship at Polo Ground today.
Therefore, “Let him that is unrighteous do unrighteousness;
Explaining about the allegation of NOC, Pa'iem Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet, said that the office itself has expressed its regret over the allegation and at the same time. The time has also strongly condemned these people who have been accused without any basis and without evidence.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Bajop Pyngrope said that his resignation from the Congress party was due to the excessive division within the party.
Shillong, July 4: U Prestone Tynsong, NPP candidate from Pynursla constituency, on Tuesday said that India has 29 states and 29 Chief Ministers, but out of the 29, only Dr. Mukul Sangma has said that India has 29 states and 29 Chief Ministers. Sangma said, “Ministers are only managers, only this MR who holds 18 government departments, I “I have never seen such a prime minister,” said Prestone while speaking at a public meeting of the NPP held at Polo Ground today.
Last year, Bah Syiem had suspended his intention to protest against the bill after the government had requested him to allow it as it was still being prepared.
On the other hand, Bah Timung, he expressed his special thanks to the residents of the village who were willing to come out on this day to commemorate Mahatma Gandhi, by conducting this cleanliness drive for the cleanliness of the village.
The election is a democratic festival held once every five years for the election of State and national officials.
Shillong, Nailar 24: On the 23rd of this month, a foreigner named Karuna Sindhu Ghosh has lodged a complaint with the police that members of the KSU Laitumkhrah Unit have abducted him from the police station. Laitumkhrah Market to the office of the party in Laitumkhrah and allegedly threatened him and demanded a fine of T.5 lakh for getting a plot of land in Demseiniong, Shillong.
One of the reasons is that, even if they work hard, eventually the benefits will go only to a few party leaders and those who are closest to the MLAs/MDCs. that the right is the public.
At the same time, she said that as a party, they stand on the basis of not discriminating against the citizens in the life of the Jaidbynriew.
Shillong, July 19: Mawsynram, Director of DIPR, Shillong, on Tuesday said that Mawsynram has been a famous village since the time of East Pakistan which is now Bangladesh.
The former Executive Committee led by Bah HS Shylla, has proposed to start planting jri trees instead of teak trees in the Council forest.
“We have already seen that he is trying to turn politics into a family business,” said David.
Speaking at the meeting, Babu Linus said that in the past years he has supported Bah Process T Sawkmie who resigned from the post of MLA, and in the elections. MDC, 2019, also supported the Congress candidate Bah Marbud Dkhar.
On the other hand, he encouraged and urged the College to try to get the recognition from the NACC. Your rank will also be increased from Delhi.
In Nongstoiñ, the new issue of the NPP is the land bill.
These will be paid to those who have died since 1st June 2021 and until now.
India has once again announced the dates for the General Elections for the elections to the Lok Sabha.
Jeri Dhar scored the goals in the 12th minute, Charelang Mulieh in the 51st minute and Nidaroi Mulieh in the 51st minute. the 60+9.
He said that the collection of money continues and the money of the people amounting to T.617 crore has fallen into the corporation and now the department has lost its power. and she could no longer support herself.
The death of pigs has occurred in 306 villages in the state.
In fact, as the Seng Bhalang who claim to be a collective improvement organization, they should have a farsighted vision when implementing such activities, what will affect their own people and Unfortunately, they don't think about the feelings of these women and without considering the reasons why they go to such jobs which really destroy the humanity and even the nation. .
Sadly, the family members said that the Karbi had burnt down three myndo (the house was only used to stay overnight and put kba in Syiar).
Not to eat of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil.
The awards were presented by the Chief Guest, Bah R.Kharbihkhiew, Block Development Officer, Umling C&RD Block, at a function held today at the Community Hall of the Umling C&RD Block. Umling C&RD Block.
The Government should have looked into this problem because the work is the same as other teachers who have received their salaries.
Of the nine, eight were taken by ambulance to Jasper Memorial Hospital, while one was taken to a residence in Beaumont, due to lack of treatment.
The father of Woh Kiang u Kamar, who made swords and sums, brought his wife and children to live in a place in Jowai.
The seeds used for planting are obtained from old tympew fields.
He said that as one of the members of the Tham clan, he feels the need to honor Paieid Soso Tham for his contribution to the Khasi literature.
It is also said that during the shniuh, the shniuh, the shniuh, has thrown away the snieh.
These parties should understand that the people should have explained that they should have forgotten the leadership candidate to be PM at least two years before the election.
Besides these 24 buildings which have been banned by the Court, there are many buildings in the city which MUDA has not inspected despite violating the building codes.
In 2015 in Paris, France, there was a summit where countries pledged to limit the increase in global temperature to less than 2 degrees Celsius and to work towards a reduction of 1.5 degrees Celsius, to take measures to prevent themselves from being severely affected by these changes as well as to invest in achieving the targets.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The strike by Bah Ardent on Thursday has reached its fourth day and it was seen that this strike has received the full support of the people who came from all over the country. Village of Bri u Hynniewtrep to congratulate Bah Ardent.
PC Shillong: Taking part in the debate in the House on the Budget, Congress MLA from Mawsynram Constituency, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang, said that the government should do many things for the improvement of the budget. provide medical facilities and facilities in the health system.
The way the teachers received this syrnot again is similar to the way the children of ancient Israel received the manna.
In the quarter final of the Under-17 Girl's, Kiang Nangbah HSS beat Jaintia HSS 4-0. Police Public School beat Achiever's 3-1 by a tie breaker. SS and Jowai Govt UP RMSA beat Ummulong Presbyterian HSS 3-2 in the quarter final. In the quarter final, North Liberty and Govt Boy's HSS won the tie breaker. lympung of school children have suffered a terrible loss.
On the infra structure, the Chief Minister said that this government has done many things whether it is schools, roads, water supply in all parts of the state. The schemes which the government has started in the past and which have not been completed by the government will now continue.
“In politics you can lie for a while but not forever”.
Police and rescue teams have also fought hard to rescue the area from the fire and have also struggled to rescue those who have slept in the area and those who have caught fire inside the area. to be rescued if there is still a chance.
West Midlang Police have released a photograph of the arrest of the 'len lum in the incident. Police team while trying to arrest the suspect.
This method of recruitment can also be used to understand which sports will be suitable for youngsters to prepare for the Olympics.
The 65-year-old woman said that in the past, women had to listen to the guidance of the elders and now it is up to them. that they should do something right for their livelihood.
The checkpoint was inaugurated by Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun in the presence of Additional Director General of Police H Nongpluh and Deputy Inspector General of Police O Pasi.
He praised the director who was very skilled in making the short drama until it ended up just to stir up the people to show that they have tried to unite the ethnic parties.
Speaking to media, Prestone said the price of RT-PCR is T.3200 and Rapid Antigent Test is T.5 You don't have to go to a government hospital or a private hospital.
“On their part, they demand to cancel this MOU and they should first consult with the District Council, Village Authorities and Land Owners on this issue as the government has no right. to the land in the state".
“The government should pass the VAB without any further delay,” said Bah Lawai.
Last year, the Supreme Court approved the construction of the Ram temple in Ayodhya, although it also condemned the demolition of the majad at the site and allocated a separate plot of land. acre, for the construction of a mosque in the city of Ayodhya.
Of these 239 cases, 187 cases have been recovered.
An 18-year-old Taiwanese man, who is also the heir to a million-dollar family, has died just two hours after having sex with another man. person he had only recently met.
‘And God said, if you f* with yours".
Khera was arrested in connection with a criminal complaint against Modi, and was soon released on bail.
“Mawlai has worked hard since the beginning of this tournament and I congratulate the fans and expect them to continue to support us in this tournament in Tura,” said Bro.
On the other hand, RUPA expressed its gratitude to the BDO of Umsning Block for taking the initiative to visit the village and urged him to provide assistance to the people of the village.
In Brazil, in Europe, the same is true.
Congress leader and Assam MP Gaurav Gogoi talks to reporters in Shillong along with Vincent H Pala, MP today.
“Perhaps, this part of the expenditure was also reflected in Rs 803 crore but I don’t know anything about this because it didn’t go through me.
Example: at the table there are chairs that explain how to rule and what to rule.
“After the DCs of Jaintia Hills have completed their work, they have sent their reports to the government.
In fact, newspapers are the best source of information.
The party has made it clear that it will not accept any Article 371 if it abolishes the district councils but will accept it if they come to work together.
Regarding the summons of the FKJGP Umsning Circle, the FKJGP North Khasi Hills District Unit strongly condemns the action of the police who accused the FKJGP member of committing violence. The Night Curfew has been imposed on these 16 foreigners, although they have violated the law without any protection against the spread of Corona virus. They were released and returned to Silchar.
There are reasons why Lajong have been at the bottom of the points table, and one is because they don't have the most experienced players and all of them are young and from this area. .
Shillong, March 27 : The Special General Meeting of the Seng Kur Le Kyllung (Rymbai, Toi, Najiar) held on the 24th of this month has appointed its new office bearers, including the President. Dr.B.Ps Toi, Vice President Reward N.Rymbai and Chirup Toi, General Secretary Malcolm Najiar, Asst Genl Secretary Iarap Toi, Joint Secretary Mamechwa Rymbai, Treasurer Wailuti Rymbai and Auditor Goldman Najiar.
He was also the Rangbah Shnong of Nongkseh and the Secretary of the Raid Saw Kur.
Regarding the injured security personnel, the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, announced a donation of T.50,000 to all the injured policemen. expenditure on medicines and treatment shall be paid from the government budget.
There are 28 recoveries from the disease.
He said that the people of Sohiong constituency are fortunate to vote alone because the nationalist parties have sold themselves to the BJP after voting. The UDP, but the HSPDP MLAs who wanted to support the NPP have been burnt down.
The party celebrates its birthday on the 1st of July which is known as the “Raising Day”.
Revelation 11:2.42 months means 1260 days. 1260 days means 3 1⁄2 years, or the Last Day spoken of by the prophet Daniel.
These things have changed completely and have affected the health of mankind all over the world.
“We knew about this threat and I don't know why it happened,” Lyngdoh Sad told UCA News.
I want to make a humble appeal to them to join the development yatra of our Honorable Prime Minister Narendra Modi ji and make Meghalaya most developed and prosperous state of the country.
Besides expressing their satisfaction, they also assured that they are ready to cooperate if the District Council needs assistance from the Village Authorities regarding the issuance of Trading and Labor License to foreigners. A shop was built and a trading post was established in this area.
The smile of the face does not smile Hati u KhlaU is happy and saiñ and sweet and good to the people I'm not to the jor, Sei is muhot and salon akor.
This was announced by Sonny L Khyriem, President, Lama Villa Yoga Health Benefits Club, Shillong.
At the same time, the Seng strongly supports the Adhoc Teachers in their strike and demands that the government should immediately resolve their issue.
Because, in this age, our indigenous people are not less and more skilled than foreigners.
They have the appearance of godliness: they have the appearance of angels, but they are not terrible, they speak righteousness and truth.
He said that according to the government's claim, there is no order of the High Court to implement the Roster System since 1972 in the PIL filed by Zenera R Marak. The PIL filed by Greneth M Sangma said it is up to the government and the Legislative Assembly to set the cutoff date for the implementation of the Roster.
The final match was witnessed and enjoyed by the fans of all the teams from the school children as well as the teachers.
However, Nagaland played better but in the end could not beat Meghalaya.
The campaign was inaugurated by President Droupadi Murmu with the aim of providing health services in all the villages and cities of the country.
However, as many have said, the final decision will be taken on 2nd October 2023 and the result will determine who will join and who will be the Chief Minister of the state.
Thakuria, who scored 6/23 in the first innings, continued to play well by scoring 8/3
“We have received reports that there are many buyers who want Khasi slasha especially urlong slasha,” said the head of the horticulture department.
The opening ceremony of the Ram Mandir, which will be remembered in the history of India, was attended by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi. beautiful and great country.
Aashiqui 3 will be directed by Anurag Basu.
This is an insult to the people.
There are 686 cases of COVID-19 in the state so far, 387 cases in East Khasi Hills including 23 Armed Forces personnel and 364 cases in West Khasi Hills District. 8 cases, 2 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 30 cases in Ri Bhoi, 19 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 5 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 153 cases in West Garo Hills. There are 21 cases in South West Garo Hills, 26 cases in South Garo Hills, 28 cases in East Garo Hills and 146 cases in North Garo Hills. there are 7 people.
SHILLONG: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today resigned from the Ministry of Home Affairs from his brother James Pangsang Kongkal Sangma.
Application forms can be obtained from Wapung Block: Lumshnong (9863962384), Umkiang (9383049437), San Shnong (8787859410) and Wapung (6909906076). 0).
Shillong Lajong have failed to qualify for the I.League again after beating FC Bengaluru 2-0 at the SSA Stadium, First Ground Polo on Tuesday. 2-1.
Jowai, July 18: Although there are laws since ancient times through the elaka and district council laws which prohibit the authorities from changing their race or culture to Khasi-Pnar, there are still many who take advantage of it. to convert to the Pnar language because of the counting of the authorities.
On the same day, the suspects also surrendered a .22 pistol, a .22 pistol magazine, 10 rounds of .22 bullets and two hang grenades.
The funeral service will be held on the 6th June 2020 at 1 pm at the Pentecost Church, Lawmali, Shillong.
The party through Dr. Ricky Syngkon has congratulated all the 36 constituencies who have supported the VPP candidate. Ricky Syngkon, the VPP candidate, has won the election.
Before being announced as the winner, all the selected candidates including Carykeen Didiam Khonglah, Raj Passah, Omesa Shylla and Wanmidamepaia Lamare told about their campaign.
Shillong: The Deputy Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, on Tuesday said that he has lodged a complaint against the former Sirdar of Nongjri Elaka, on the allegation that he did not respect the decisions of the Elaka Department. dorbar and other activities of the Elaka in the orderly administration of the Elaka over the years.
The incident happened on Sunday night in the northern parts of Barmer, they said.
Dr. BK Das, Pro Vice Chancellor, USTM University took part as the chief guest.
Speaking at a conference hall at the Deputy Commissioner's office in Khliehriat, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, said that there are 241 people including children and infants who are HIV positive. Through this project, a tracking/tracing drive will be conducted which will last for up to three months and in this survey, HIV testing will also be conducted for family members and “This drive or survey will also be a way to raise awareness among the public as well as those who have HIV/AIDS. HIV/AIDS patients to return to their human dignity like others in society, to eliminate discrimination in society,” said the Deputy Commissioner.
Research or information gathering can also be obtained from the newspapers.
Replying to a question, the CEM said that there are seven Additional Subordinate District Council Courts, namely Mylliem Hima, Nongstoin, Nongkhlaw, Mawphlang and Langrin. The Court and the Shella Confederacy.
“We hope that the government will provide justice to the deficit teachers from secondary, upper and lower primary schools in the coming days,” said the president of KJDSTA. one of the most intelligent Khasi poets and writers that our Khasi country has produced in the field of writing.
He said that according to the records received from the residents of the state which has more than 29 lakh according to the 2011 census, 65 percent of the residents choose to go for treatment at government facilities especially in the rural areas.
“There was a previous discussion with the government on November 14, 2017, but as it is a new government, the EC needs to meet again to start the work again and it depends on the consensus. tomorrow and nothing can be said yet,” said Bah Pynshngain.
When they went to the market, they were filled with joy, because they hadn't seen anything for ten years.
Perhaps the time will come when they will be able to send troops and snipers to attack the protesters.
According to information received by this reporter, the meeting with the NPP Minister for the GHADC elections to be held on March 12, 2015 was after receiving information that the There are also those who will not participate in the elections.
Others who witnessed the ceremony were Principal Secretary Sampath Kumar, MDC of the area, Bah Batskhem Ryntathiang, Archbishop of Shillong, Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh, Deputy Commissioner. Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah Wilfred Nongsiej, Provincial Superior of Holy Cross, Sister Linet, Administrator of Holy Cross Health Center Mairang, Sister Jesse Jose, Doctors, Government Officers, Village Leaders the area and others.
There is no point in banning those who work in the fields, but build with the law, that those who work without property or throw them into the rivers or fields without property, ban syndok sbak, and give them training how to do it. dig especially to avoid death in the caves.
Through the hard work of the Fire & Emergency Services, the body of the girl was recovered from Wah Umtru and taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem. to Post Mortem examination.
We have not received water for 4 days since we opened the door”.
There are three candidates for the post of acting Waheh Shnong including former Waheh Shnong Daniel Khongsit (former Waheh Shnong), Wespar Lamin and D. Donstand. Open.
Dr Ampareen said that she will not focus on what her opponents are saying or criticizing because if she focuses on them, her contest for the election will be in vain.
Besides, he said that the emergence of Khasi who give jait to their father is all their desire to change the customs established by the ancestors.
Haken Kharsati (12'), Ialam Mynsong (42') and Kampher War (61') scored the goals for Nonghali.
Shillong Premier League champions Mawlai SC will face Khliehmawlieh Youth Club while Rangdajied United FC will face MSL 2019 champions Shillong Lajong in the semi final. The Tournament Committee of the State League 2023 was announced after the tournament on Tuesday evening.
When the false promise is fulfilled, even the fool becomes the wisest.
This is a procession as part of the 100th anniversary of Khasi Jaintia and the 100th anniversary of the arrival of the Salesian Fathers in the North East.
The state will play against Sikkim on 1st March, Aynachal Pradesh on 2nd and Jammu and Kashmir on 4th March.
Johnson J.Nongbet General Secretary CEC said that the National Health Mission (NHRM) and the National Urban Health Mission (NUHM) have two missions to provide services to the people. complete health from urban to rural areas.
However, when they were in trouble, they prayed to God and when God delivered them, they did not know how to thank Him.
Babitlang Dkhar scored 1' & 5', Consider Suting 45' and Maidong Mukhim 45'+1
Recognizing the need for a better system, it is recommended to replace the current regulations with a new and comprehensive law.
He said that the KHADC has received a large allocation of coal, mining and other sources from the state government but till now it has not been as expected by the Council.
“Officers have been directed to verify all the documents of those who apply for medical studies on behalf of the state government and we will not allow that to happen,” she said.
Shillong, November 8: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Paul Lyngdoh, has promoted the ranks of Ministers and Muster Roll workers.
Makmilan Kharbani President AITC Nongstoin Constituency together with its office bearers after being invited by the residents of Mawïawaban to hold a meeting. in which more than 100 people came and joined the party as full supporters.
According to a statement on the Facebook page, HBK Lyngdoh has criticized the HANM for holding a protest at Jantar Mantar in Delhi on 3rd November You are the National People's Party (NPP).
Shillong, Jymmang 20 : The National People's Party (NPP) and Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has denied the allegation by the BJP that he is involved in the district administration of West Garo Hills to give permission to the BJP. The election rally will be held at the PA Sangma Sports Complex, Tura, in the presence of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
The leaders of the Umjaiur Unit who resigned are Mr. Kitkupar F. Sun, Mr. M. Thabah, Organ Secretary, Mrs. Rosina Marwein, Mr. Karbert Nongbri, Mr. Asst Treasurer, Jefferson Kharbani Asst Education Secy and Sabanbiang Sun Asst Publicity Secy.
However, unfortunately, in the midst of the arrangements, those groups led by Daniel Khongsit have received an order to hold a fete at the Dorbar Shnong. The Dorbar Shnong has issued up to 3 Orders to hold fete festivals through the Dorbar Shnong led by this group.
Figo Syndai had another chance after taking the ball into the box but his shot went wide of the post.
Shillong, November 28: The Mawsynram Constituency Development Society (MLA) has decided to file a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) against him for resigning from the post of MLA without completing his three-year term. bah Peace N King.
There was also a discussion on how to improve the income and revenue generation of the Council. The CEM promised that the EC will create the mechanisms on how to raise revenue for the Council.
However, even after the fire was extinguished, the soapy water with the scent continued to flow into the well.
Akhtar Shabong, who was accompanied by the President of the Sengbhalang Islam, Shillong, Mobarak Lyngdoh, said that when the Quran says that if a husband has up to four wives, they should judge. right means that they should give the same love to all four or three or two, the same honor and the same share, not to discriminate against anyone and if they don't like to do so they shouldn't marry too many to one.
“In the meeting with the SDSEO, she said that she cannot respond to this and has asked for time to hold a meeting with her colleagues including the DMC, BMC and after that, she will inform and call the we are in talks,” said the President.
The match was also witnessed by the people of the State through Giant Screens erected across the city as well as in Ri Bhoi, West Khasi Hills and other places.
Speaking on the Meghalaya Migrant Workers Act, 2020, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the companies employing the contractors have been directed to ensure that the contractors are safe and sound. They have a labor license from the Labor Department of the Government.
“There were about a few TMC followers who took shelter in the tree when there was snowfall.
Chandigarh: Punjab police are still trying to arrest Sikh leader Amritpal Singh, but Amritpal Singh today told himself that he is not a fugitive, but a Jathedar Giani Harpreet Singh, leader of the Akal Takht, said that he would never surrender himself and thus called it the 'Sarbat Khalsa' it is time for him to show whether he is serving the nation or his own family.
Why do you work for them? The people should have understood that I don't need to answer.
There was a great crowd in Jerusalem.
The World Health Organization (WHO) on 11 October this year declared the disease a pandemic.
According to information received, there are about 1800 hati in Meghalaya.
Nongpoh: To know the problems in the villages especially at this time when students and workers from other states return home, Bah Charles Marngar, has visited many Quarantine Centres, They are located in different villages and fall under the Mawhati Constituency.
It is sad to say that in these days many of us are wasting our time on our own demands.
Ms Ampareen said that the Ministry has sent the Annual Action Plan for the cultivation of fertilizer to the Government of India for approval.
He said that the party has demanded from the Governor to abolish the presence of political parties in the District Council but to appoint members only by Syiems, Ministers, Sirdars, Doloi, Wahadars. and the Nokma.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who landed in Thiruvananthapuram on Tuesday evening, said he would personally inspect parts of Ernakulam, Alappuzha and Pathanamthitta districts today. step, where he will talk to the Chief Minister of Kerala on the ways and means to help the refugees.
And if we know the day of our death, which is life, it will be full of sorrows and griefs, and at that time temptation will come, and life will be full of evil.
It is said that in Tiehbah, the Kba which had just been harvested and which had been gathered for 10 days to shoot, was carried away by the water.
In the months and years that followed, I was able to see about 30 times.
The snake and the bear don't kill even a human being if they make them angry.
Shillong, Nailar 30: U Minister of State, Bah AL Hek today launched the book “I will not turn back” written by Bah R Susngi at a meeting held today at the Community.
Students who are going to sit for the CUET examination have recently faced difficulties after the confusion.
Moonlight Pariat, UDP candidate from 2-Jowai Constituency, has slammed the NPP-led MDA government for the embezzlement of funds from the government budget and the empowerment of the government. The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) on Saturday.
The party has also directed that all MLAs should follow these directives of the party and ensure their implementation.
This was announced by Bah Bonney J.Kharbani, General Secretary of the Meghalaya Chess Association, Shillong.
Vehicles to travel on the 14th of July should end at number 9 and private vehicles should end at numbers 1,3,5,7 and
Shillong, Naitung, 15: The Secretary of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) Gurjit Singh on Tuesday said that no final decision has been taken by the State Government to allocate land to the Harijans. if they are removed from the Mawlong Market.
Shillong, Lber 10: The Garo Student Union (GSU), ADE, FKJGP and AYWO have written a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs to inform them of the cause of the incident. They demanded that the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh should dismiss the SP of North Garo Hills and immediately dismiss the police involved in the shooting. They also demanded that the cost of treatment of the injured should be borne by the government. They also demanded that the injured should be employed so that they can support their families.
He said the meeting decided to release the names of the candidates for the MDC elections by the end of April this year.
The NIA officials were accompanied by police and CRPF personnel.
That’s the best way.
Shillong, Nailur 15: Former Chief Minister Dr Donkupar Roy and Sohra MLA Titosstarwell Chyne today met with the employees of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) in Sohra to inquire about the Jingling Manman a new factory which has not been able to operate to date.
There was a debate between the opposition MLAs on this issue in the presence of the opposition leader Dr Mukul Sangma who said that as usual, the Prime Minister should answer and the Minister cannot answer. Dr Donkupar Roy was also present.
At the same time, he also paid tribute to the Khasi Authors Society for leading this demand.
We are the generation that saw what Israel would do.
Chinese troops are reportedly deployed on the border with India at a distance of about 4,000 kilometers.
Workplaces should be safe and protect the rights of workers.
The Act prohibits the purchase and sale of beef in areas where Hindus, Jains, Sikhs or anyone who does not eat beef lives and this should apply up to 5 kilometers. , the distance from the temples or places of worship of these nations.
Over the years, it has been witnessed that stroke is a very common and widespread disease and it is also a serious disease especially in the elderly.
In gratitude for the special commemoration of the KSU, Kong Lakyntiew expressed her gratitude and hope that the KSU will continue to do these good deeds for the community.
“If there is anything wrong, I am ready to correct it,” he said.
Acknowledging that the government has released a lot of money, the Prime Minister said, “We are pleased to announce that the Government of India has cooperated and so far we have released money for the second time. About Rs 800 crore has already been spent and almost all these houses have now started and soon we will see that the work will start in all.
You may also find that some people say, please call my child I want to know when they will come to see me.
The union has taken this decision to urge the government to issue a public announcement after the Institute Hotel Management, IHM at Mawdiangdiang conducted an interview on the 20th of this month. u shortened.
"That's what you're doing..." said the mother. "Let's go, we'll see when the time comes.
These incidents are among the worst and we demand that the police should investigate thoroughly and prosecute the driver for murder.
More than 150 children are born with foot disease in India every day, and the work of CURE International India is essential to eradicate this foot disease.
Hoping was taken to the hospital on Tuesday, 20th July, and since then he has been in the ICU. Earlier, media reports said that Hoping had been admitted to the ICU. more powerful but tonight he is said to be very weak and unconscious.
As you said, they should have shot only to injure and not to kill.
Furthermore, the Union requests the residents of the district to come to an understanding of what has happened and also to forget about this incident in order to bring about the development and glory of the district, concluded. he announced.
This will be the first time that the IASO Championship has been held in the North East and up to 300 rheumatologists from all over the country have taken part in the Championship.
At the time of writing, no trace of the vehicle has been found but only the front bumper and number plate have been found. I'm going to dig the ground and look for this vehicle.
The victim told Lamdame Shangpliang that he had given Dakermi Shadap a day to return the money but otherwise he would lodge a complaint with the police.
The Prime Minister has directed the government officials to work and move forward in the interest of the state without any change of language, including in relation to letters to Prime Minister Narendra Modi. and Union Home Minister Amit Shah.
Why have no Union Ministers visited Manipur yet? Why doesn't the Prime Minister ask for peace and stability?
He recalled the incident of the state sports department which was sued by the contractor for not paying the bill worth crores.
He also appealed to the students to take part in the programs organized by the school so that they can develop their skills.
Of course, it is up to us to think first of ourselves and why should we sleep on a task that is beyond our control; we should think more about how to free ourselves from the problems we face.
JG Kyndiah has been the President of the BJP in WJH from 2013 to 2017 and this year the party has handed over the post to Jowai North MDC Marki Mulieh as President. the Party.
However, suddenly a group of about 10 soldiers led by Vikrant entered the police station and forcibly took Gurung away.
Higher Secondary School, which has 18 students who have passed, has reached 14 students and the total number of students has passed with 78%.
The chef can only guess, but he can’t be exact.
Meghalaya is one of the top states in terms of implementation of development projects through various projects. “It is the 27th position in the country but in the last 3, 4 years the state has reached the 2nd position in the country,” said Conrad.
On the 15th of this month, the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) has forcibly erected a signboard within the boundary of the Khanduli Dorbar Shnong to collect taxes from their agricultural vehicles. resident of Khanduli.
JOWAI: U Ma Lahkmen Rymbui MLA of War Jaintia Constituency and Minister of State on Tuesday said that no NPP MLA has been able to bring billions of rupees schemes to Jaintia Hills except the UDP. UDP Jowai South candidate Ma Moonlight Pariat has urged the party to work together to implement more development projects.
He added that this place of worship or church is also one of the shlems to shape the lives of people or believers not only in the physical life but especially in the physical life. full growth in spiritual life to serve and know God better.
There is no party that has a majority.
The residents of Pillingkata, said that yesterday, the government officials from Assam, came and occupied all the land in the village, without counting even the land where there were buildings of Meghalaya or even the land. They told the residents of Pillingkata Higher Secondary School that these areas have fallen under Meghalaya.
The boys and girls football players of Wapung Block have won the title of the Under-12 Football Tournament organized by the District Sports Officer, Khliehriat on Saturday.
Ri Bhoi also won the bronze medal in the Mixed Team Event after beating Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Bah MB Tongper was the chief guest in the presence of officials from various banks in Ri Bhoi.
Pariat said that the state government has provided only 100 tyngka per month, while 900 tyngka has been paid from the Ministry of Education for the Mid Day Meal Scheme of the CM which is 1000 tyngka. .
Shillong: As we all know, the Khasi Hills is a country where the people are very good at eating kwai and it is also our custom to eat kwai after eating and drinking.
Shah said the central government would sign the 1643 kilometer border on the Indian border with Myanmar in the northeast.
Thank you, UBriew and U man now M tomorrow and Mano don't know.
The EJDCA has decided to start the tournament from 27th October
There are many reasons why as soon as the election comes, people die like magic.
Bah Pynshngaiñ said that if the incident happens within the state and not on the border between Assam and Meghalaya, then where is the peace of the people? who dwell in the wilderness.
Besides Nidamon Chulet, Niawbait Ymbon was elected Vice President, Sanki Lamare, Ramfelix Talang, Finance Secretary Danny Shadap and 10 members of the Executive Committee from the villages of Laskeiñ Block.
In his welcoming remarks, the MLA congratulated the youth of West Khasi Hills and the youth of Eastern West Khasi Hills. Meghalaya Games 2022.
Researchers have also found that snepkor water also has the power to fight against various diseases and also can cure some types of diseases.
“We were told that many interviews were canceled because there was no chairman.
Shillong, June 24 : The residents of Pomlum, 7 Mer Upper Shillong on Saturday expressed their happiness after many years that their dream of getting a good colored road has come true.
In the women's 3000m race, Rina Ïawphniaw of BBC SC won the gold medal while John Milton Sohphoh of Sib Singh won the gold medal in the Under-14 Shot Put. male.
Victoria Azarenka has withdrawn from the tournament and has given the Madison Keys the lead.
Speaking in the House, Martle Mukhim said that the state government every year asks the District Councils to send schemes to the state government through Article 275, but since 2017 until now no schemes have been received. ei ei and this has increased the number of jobs in the Districts.
“The BJP will not win a single seat in 2018,” he said.
She left the house as usual.
Earlier, the states of the North East had requested the Central Government to give special status to the region.
Anjan was rushed to Guwahati today and will be taken to Kolkata tomorrow.
There are some constituencies in Shillong, Jowai, Khliehriat, Nongstoin, Nongpoh which have worked hard, but there are some constituencies in Shillong which have not been able to work, even if they have spent money with those who are rich. They have lost a lot of money to their own constituency.
HSPDP leaders who attended the meeting said that there were proposals for the names of candidates who wanted to contest the post of President, but they were blocked because they did not want to hold elections. elect office bearers because if elections are held, it could lead to divisions within the party.
Shillong: U Bah T. Lyngwa, IAS, DC of West Khasi Hills, on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the police that he has received a letter from the Chief Election Officer of the Election Commission of India (ECI) informing him about the Lok Sabha elections. The letter also asked to ban the Internet on polling day and re-polling day and to improve the EVMs. After this, he said he had spoken to the ECI but found that there was no He did not comply with such an order and later found that the letter was a forgery written by unknown persons.
Although the daju left the meeting with disappointment, Minister K Langstieh announced that the uniform will come into force from tomorrow and those who do not wear it will no longer be allowed to carry it in the market.
Speaking on the occasion, Deputy Commissioner Garod LSN Dykes IAS, who was the chief guest, urged the villagers to take responsibility for whatever they do so that it will bear the fruits of victory.
He answered that he would go to the Kingdom of heaven.
All the participants will receive a syrnod, said Khroobok.
Shillong, November 28 : The National President of the National People's Party (NPP) and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday said that he has no knowledge of the appointment of one of the MLAs. Conrad's remarks came after Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew and Minister in the state government, alleged that he should join the NPP. The NPP has allocated up to Rs 5 crore for him to join the party.
And in some places it has yielded up to 2000 mon per acre.
The delegation was led by Bah Hamless Syiemlieh, President of Mawsynram Manda, Bah Kisborly Kharbani, Vice-President of BJP East Khasi Hills. came to listen to this meeting.
The second list of Ri-Bhoi will be released after detailed information,” he said.
The death toll was highest in Maharashtra with 816 and Karnataka with 516, the second highest number.
The celebration was held at the Rongrenggre Govt.
Our meeting was one of friendship and another was that we used to learn, because there is a case, which has been filed against a Dkhar policeman. Rupang newspaper, Peitngor (as Editor Bah Nongsiej) and it is gratifying that in the middle of the year and after 15 years of struggle, we have won this case. police officer, involved in prostitution.
She thanked SURE for playing a great role in preserving this traditional food and drink through the farmers, and urged the farmers to improve in the production of This will also increase the income of the state by eliminating the need to rely on imported agricultural products.
The victim was rushed to Woodland WK Hospital, Sabahmuswang.
Shillong, November 09: U State President of the BJP, Bah Ernest Mawrie on Thursday alleged that the NPP government has borrowed about Rs 1,500 crore for the distribution of money to the people through the FOCUS scheme. The public should understand that the money they receive through this scheme is not a grant but a loan that they will have to pay in the future with the interest of that money.
Shillong, July 15: Tens of thousands of youths of the Catholic Church under the umbrella of the Shillong Archdiocesan Catholic Youth Movement (SACYM) have gathered at the three-day youth conference held at Good. Shepherd Jongksha Zone IV, East Khasi Hills District.
When inquiring about the members of the PDF, media reports said that the party, which has not yet announced itself, has many members who are ready to contest the upcoming elections. come.
After the meeting with the inspector of the Khasi workplace, the leaders of these unions, expressed their anger that the Khasi workers at the workplace, will be treated unfairly by cutting their salaries. When they can't go to work, that's at such a time when the lockdown has been declared in the state, because they don't have commercial vehicles to go to work.
The investigation is ongoing.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Additional Chief Secretary to the State Government in charge of Education, Bah DP Wahlang, Director of Education, Ambrose Ch Marak and officials. management of the school.
The North East Food Show will be held by the State Government in collaboration with the Comexposium India from 4th to 6th November
Shillong, March 19: The Meghalaya High Court on Friday directed the State Government to take measures to ensure that adequate drinking water should reach all the residents of the state.
Shillong: There have been 59 new cases of covid-19 in Meghalaya today, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, today said.
“I don't think we need a special session to discuss this issue but we will discuss it when the Prime Minister arrives in Shillong,” said Prestone.
If this market can be used, it is not surprising that the vendors will be able to do whatever they want.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 1: The farmers of Nongnah village, on Saturday last month, arrested an unidentified kharbangla while he was walking on the hill. Iawpaw, who is located in Nongnah village, South West Khasi Hills.
Also present on the occasion were General Secretary of FKJGP Ri-War Zone, Bah Ksanboklang Kharshiing, President of FKJGP Ri-War Zone, Bah Auren Junes Khongnoh, Bah Rajesh Khonglam, Leader of HNYF Pynursla, Bah Augustine Ryngksai. General Secretary of FKJGP North East, Bah Batista Khongphai and village officials of the village were also present.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 237 cases, including 3 cases in Bhagyakul Cluster, 2 cases in Dhankheti Cluster, 11 cases in Golflink Cluster, 6 cases in Health Worker, 4 cases in Jaiaw Cluster, 4 cases in Laban Cluster, 3 cases in Laitumkhrah Cluster. Lachumiere Cluster 13, Lummawbah Cluster 2, Lumparing Cluster 2, Madanrting Cluster 10, Mawdiangdiang Cluster 2, Mawkasiang Cluster 4, Mawkhar Cluster 2, Mawlai Cluster 45, Mawmih Lum Diengiei Massion 2, Khlieh Cluster 5, Mawpat Cluster Compound Exit Cluster 3, Nongkseh Madan Cluster 7, Nongmynsong Cluster 8, Nongrah Cluster 6, Nongthymmai Cluster 13, Nongthymmai Pongtung Cluster 2, Pynthorbah Cluster 3, Riatsamthiah Cluster 2, Rilbong Cluster 3, Rynjah Cxster, Fur Cluster Tynring Cluster 2, Umniuh Yiarbiniaw Cluster 2, Umpling Cluster 3, Upper Lachumiere Cluster 4, Upper Shillong Cluster 9, Wahlhuh Laitryngew Cluster 4, Wahthapbru Cluster 2.
Without proper preparation, the implementation of the NEP will end in failure.
The meeting was conducted by Bah JM Paswet JCO-ARCS and Assistant Registrar of Cooperative Societies, Jowai R. Chakraborty who delivered the welcome speech in the presence of other officers of the Cooperative Department.
Those who have standard hearing aids will hear Hi-Fi.
During the visit, the Rangbah Shnongs and Secretary Shnongs expressed their gratitude and said that the government has neglected the border villages and has not been able to reach out to the border villages. Not all residents have ration cards and only ration will not be sufficient to fill during the curfew as people find it difficult to get food in the market due to the distance from the villages and roads. neither have they been fulfilled until now.
The JSU congratulates the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma for launching the One Citizen One Tree Campaign in the state.
It encourages children to be diligent in their studies and to avoid bad habits to succeed in life.
He understands that the work of shahram is a serious matter.
“We need to encourage the youth to avoid evils like drugs but to use them in beneficial activities, and we need to set an example by doing things because just talking about it will not benefit us. nothing", he said.
SCA (A) is top of the points table with 8 points equal to SCA (B), which is higher than Group A, but will have to wait for the match. Ribhoi will play against East Khasi Hills tomorrow.
Shillong: A complaint was lodged with the Madanrting Police Station on the 4th of this month that a child has gone missing. 2021 U/S 363/365/368/370(4)/120B IPC and there, investigation was initiated.
After examining the report of the District Judge, it was found that it was incomplete as the investigation did not reveal whether there was any overpayment to the land sellers and did not seek information on how much was paid. exceed.
For heaven and earth shall pass away (perish) but my words shall not pass away.
Now the Central Government and the State Governments are treating the government employees as the last children by increasing their salaries from time to time, giving them annual allowances, and many other things that make the government employees feel better.
“This is what has happened in our country,” said Bah Ardent and urged the government to take action to ensure that the children and girls in the state will have peace.
“There is no doubt that the Prime Minister has links with the rebel groups,” said the UDP, which also demanded that a CBI should be appointed to investigate the incident.
Rather, it is a reflection and comparison of those events and to relate them to the facts.
Sometimes they vote for the Congress MLAs and send them to Delhi to send them to Madam Sonia to be more aware but the surprising thing is that the votes of the Congress MLAs at that time, have disappeared. The result has not been announced yet.
Like the words of children, children, children, which have different meanings from each other.
He urged the people to take action to register for Adhar number so that they can easily work in government offices and especially to implement government schemes.
The judges who participated included Dr. Pynbianglut Hadem, Scientist-D from the National Informatics Centre, Meghalaya and Mr. George Kharmujai who is an experienced software designer and developer.
When asked, “there is a limit that we have to think about only allowing which people can open their shops after 10 pm.
This was discovered by the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) after examining the water samples collected by the FKJGP from 46 villages in Shillong on the 22nd of July. u year.
The WJDSA has urged all the affiliated clubs of the WJDSA to attend the meeting so that the objectives of the WJDSA can be carried out smoothly.
The media tour was led by Jaydevi Pujari Swami, Deputy Director, PIB Mumbai with the support of PIB Shillong, PIB Guwahati and DDK Shillong.
“The Lyngdoh has tried to hold a dorbar shnong but after holding it, he has stirred up the residents because they have not been allowed to hold the dorbar shnong. I don't speak in this meeting.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Superintendent of Police (SP) of East Khasi Hills District, Bah S.Nongtnger on Tuesday said that no one was killed in the shooting during the rally. The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKJGP) will hold a meeting on the 28th of this month.
He also asked questions on the circumstances of the incident.
Leader Mulieh scored in the 38th minute and Francis Pale in the 78th minute.
“I want to ensure that the government should stop completely this scheme of breaking old books and using new books which are the same,” said the South Tura MLA.
Among all the Top 20 students, Sourav Pathak of Rama Krishna Mission, Cherra Punjee came first with 571 marks and Distinction in E,M. In Class XII, Amika K War of Auxillium Girls' Higher Secondary School, Shillong came first with 431 marks. Distinction in the subject Ae,Hs,Ps,Ed,Ec.
If it weren't for these 5 years, where would we have reached? Then the main issues of the border, the language to be included in the 8th Schedule and many development projects, will be I've been talking to you for ten years, if you don't know how.
The purpose of the Flood Management Project is to reduce the flooding of the rice fields especially during the rainy season. The WR office has decided to build this project to avoid the impact of natural disasters.
Therefore, regarding this, the youths could not just listen but came out to inform and tell all the facts that the Preliminary Notification of the Revenue and Disaster Management Department, Shillong. State government, it’s wrong.
Behind this victory, Coach Bobby L Nongbet and his supporting staff were the main reason, as many of these children are those whom he himself has trained for many years. Under the leadership of Bah Bobby as the best coach along with the assistant coaches like Asst.Coach Lekini Suting and Asst. Coach Milan Nongkhlaw and other officials of the club who worked hard for this victory.
Don't blame all the people," he said.
The statement said that they have received information that a special committee was supposed to meet on the 30th of last month, but the committee may have been suspended from the committee. The reason for the confusion in the District Council.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Assembly Committee on Women Empowerment, Ampareen Lyngdoh, who is also the MLA of East Shillong, today visited Agnes Kharshiing at NEIGRHIMS and met with Bah John F. Kharshiing is my brother.
Shillong, July 12 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma has promised in front of the leaders of the Central Executive Board of the AHAM that he will send for review the results of the recruitment of Engineers.
People with disabilities in Meghalaya are facing difficulties in their lives, due to the lack of services by public or government vehicles in the commute which leads to poor communication. or involved in society, it also causes extreme loss of self-worth and also leads to isolation which is exactly the dress code that leads to poverty and loneliness.
However, when they arrived at the airport on the 4th, the plane they were planning to board had left because they arrived late, so they planned to leave on another plane that would come later. , and at that time they were ready to return to their home in Mumbai but Mawramsong told his brother to leave first at the airport. but he came not again.
Henderson was with the team in the friendlies against Brazil and Belgium in October, but did not play well.
The Meghalaya High Court in an earlier order had directed the Deputy Commissioner to implement an emergency rule under Section 40 of the Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement Act,
Replying to Zenith Sangma's statement, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that when seeing the paper clips or the media, the department has sought clarification and if found If you have a violation, you will be punished according to the provisions of the law.
He later joined the BJP and in 1996 became the party's national spokesperson.
The indigenous people will lose lakhs of crores of land and villages which fall under Assam because in Meghalaya they can sell their land while in Assam, they will all become government property.
After that he continued to have many other wives and it is said that forty wives were received in one year.
He recalled that Soso Tham was born in 1873 in Nongsawlia village in Sohra and in a short life he produced many meaningful writings such as poems, translations. khasi the Fables of Aesop and other works translated from Western writings.
Many of us Hynniewtrep people don't understand when we say “business” in foreign languages.
The Christian Marriage Act itself was passed by the British on 18 July 1872, known as the Christian Marriage Act 1872, for Christians throughout India, except for some states such as Jammu and Kashmir, Manipur and others.
He said that the District Council has no right to ban the Rangbah Shnongs from taking part in politics, because in politics the Rangbah Shnongs do not force the people to elect anyone. it depends on the people.
Savio Junior School for small vehicles of the faithful and for buses have been arranged to be parked at Kjatshnong Phudmuri.
These books were launched at the Seminar of the Khasi Authors' Society on the 22nd.
If they are allowed, they are considered to be members of the Society.
He said that the people should elect people who have the spirit to serve the people body and soul. “Nmihkhmat,” said Prestone, adding that the people need to look carefully at who the 60 candidates need to be elected.
Meanwhile, GB Bung Snaitang said that in Ranikor constituency, there are only two candidates for the 2023 MLA election, Pius Marwein from the UDP and MM Danggo from the NPP. , others are seen only in the news and social media.
Washington: Senior US Republican leaders have strongly criticized the Taliban government for appointing heads of government with illegal fighters.
Haran Dhar, Chairman.
On the occasion of the National Sports Day, the Mawpoiñ Games and the Tug of War Inter School Competition were also held for the first time in which five schools came to take part.
The unidentified man is said to be between 30 and 35 years old, about 5.4 feet tall and darker skinned.
I pray for the safety and welfare of the residents".
This writing of the former pastor is well founded and correct.
While the entire North East is still opposed to the Citizenship Bill, the Government of India has forcibly introduced and passed the Bill in the Lok Sabha today.
They also said that instead of closing, the Delivery Sub Office (DSO) should be upgraded according to the current era, through the availability of many opportunities to benefit the people rather than going to the GPO only. the little things.
In this regard, the media has been directed to refer to Section 126 of the Representation of the People Act, 1951 which prohibits the broadcasting of any election related material on TV or any other media. hours before the scheduled time of voting in the constituency.
Nujorki said that Mawphlang constituency is very nationalist and this is evident in the elections of SK Sun, Eugenson Lyngdoh and Beyond Kurbah.
Seventy-five candidates have registered in East Khasi Hills, 9 in Sohra Civil Sub Division, 22 in Ri Bhoi District, 10 in West Khasi Hills, 6 in Mairang Civil Sub Division and 11 in South West Khasi Hills.
Shillong: The Office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong has sent advice on how to deal with the import of chickens, which are intended to eat meat into the state.
“This has created a lot of difficulties in the implementation of Aadhar payments to the beneficiaries.
He said the Mandals of these constituencies are still considering whom to elect as the party's candidates.
Marak has three young children.
These two blocks have been allocated to the United Mikir and North Cachar Hills of Assam.
The three BSF personnel were identified as Head Constable Moni Singh, Constable Sengel Singh and Constable Kdam Ki Shore.
“We have received accurate information that these 52 cows have arrived in Bangladesh,” he said.
Shillong, March 01: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Friday said that the State Government is preparing to build Cinema Halls in different districts of the state for the convenience of the people. who want to watch Khasi films from time to time.
The categories include men and women in the Under-14 category and the age limit is for those born not before 30.11.2009 and after
Because they bring to mind the writings of Dante Alighieri, 'Inferno': Through me the road to the city of sufferingThrough me the road to eternal painThrough me runs to the end of the road...Leave hope, all of you who enter here.
He admitted that the UDA has 16 MDCs in the 30-member House.
In another statement, sent from the office of the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, said that in yesterday's incident, one person was seriously injured and the reason was because he fell. From above, it was seen that he fell into the nar well and these nar, went into his stomach and the finding of the doctors, is that he was not injured by the bullet.
Shillong, November 4: The National Khasi Union (NKU) has strongly criticized the state government for charging higher security registration plates (HSRP) than other states. compared to Assam.
“He said that the HYC has raised a question to the police department in East Jaintia Hills whether they have been involved in the TOPCEM while they say they are shooting.
Dawki Police Station who took note of the incident and informed the authorities and today, a bomb disposal team rushed to Dawki and searched the area where they collected the bombs. They were taken to the forensic laboratory for examination to determine whether they were bombs.
Heimonmi Nongpluh scored 49 runs (4×4 and 3×6) while Bhuvnesh Kumar scored 43 runs (3×4 and 4×6).
Mark Austin Wanswett scored the third goal in the 30th minute and Kevin Wanswett scored the third goal in the 30th minute. 67 of the second half and Orester scored the third goal in the 86th minute.
The Seng has strongly warned that the Seng will not allow foreigners to open shops or do business without obtaining permits and proper documents from the authorities. .
d and 3 prizes were distributed to those who have brought glory to Mawlai and the state through sports.
The heart of my mother who is responsible for everything and who puts the hope in you two mame and Banisha for my future is really sick that I am not at home at night” said the mother. Peter said, “Yes, my son, you have grown up and you have seen all the evils of these terrible times.
The group has stolen money worth Rs 15,000 crore and more, the theft of money from the Punjab National Bank or the gold trade of Nirav Modi and U.K. Mehul Choksi.
In this regard, the Seng has already spoken to the DTO of Ri-Bhoi, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi and the authorities of the Meghalaya Pollution Control Board. “The Pollution Center is necessary for the benefit of the people and is also one of the ways to protect the environment,” said Samla Gashnga.
I also urged that it is necessary to refrain from actions that will destroy the longryngieng longbriew, and also to emphasize the need for discipline, not rhah ka rhing, bishni ka pihuin, slander. , but to promote pure values.
Sangsot adhoc teachers, Have to stay overnight on the road;
Differentiated Instruction6.
According to the official, the German company has helped many countries of the world to develop such a policy.
Besides Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, those who witnessed the ceremony included Dr. DD Lapang, Chief Secretary, Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Balajied Rani, MDC Nongpoh, Bah SR Bamon. , Principal of Ri Bhoi College, Kong WK ​​Blah, Secretary Governing Body of Ri Bhoi College and many others.
To find ways and means to protect the Myntdu River, the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has held a meeting with the Jowai Municipal Board. Control Board, the Myndtu River Cleanliness Association (KYKWM), the Union of Jowai Urban and Suburban Waheh Shnongs and several other organizations.
According to media reports, the PDF has four MLAs and two are Ministers. The BJP has four MLAs and two Ministers. Two MLAs, one Minister and the HSPDP have two MLAs and one Minister.
Shillong: The Khasi Women's Association under the banner of Saindur Tip-kur Tip-kha (STIEH) today met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong to urge the government to expedite the process. The Khasi Social Customs (KSCL) Bill 2018, to be approved by the Governor of Meghalaya.
On the same night , police searched for the girl and received a tip that she was in Guwahati . Police immediately informed the Guwahati police who brought the girl to Paltan Bazar Police Station.
) The disciples of Jesus :- Mt.8:23-2
This new scheme will include 12 years of school education and 3 years of Anganwadi/pre schooling.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08 : The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem on Tuesday reminded that it is the District Council which is fighting hard to restore the powers of the Rangbah Shnongs. lost their power in the past few years.
“Dr Mukul Sangma is not the leader of Meghalaya.
One thing that is at the forefront of their lives is that they are alive, no matter what they are, even if in fact they are alive, even the animals are alive.
Anna Wintour, Editor in Chief of Voque, has taken the initiative to ban and warn against wearing any clothes that are against the law. PETA members should take action against those who violate what is prohibited.
“Tomorrow, if the writing on the government document is written in Garo, whether it will cause problems or not, how can we do that?
According to FASToM, if the State Government upgrades the Deficit Pattern to Adhoc Schools from Lower Primary to Higher Secondary, the Government will have to spend an additional T.211,49,54,064 crore per annum from the current T. .158, Rs 33,28,000 crore.
Teimiki Sungoh completed his Basic Mountaineering Course from the National Institute of Mountaineering and Allied Sports (NIMAS), Arunachal Pradesh and passed with Grade “A” grade in mountaineering and now he has been offered to undergo Advance training Mountaineering which requires a strong physical and mental ability to become a skilled mountaineer.
The team that will participate in the tournament includes Pratham Majumdar, Mewanpyntngen Shadap, Akshit Upadhya, Aaron S Momin, Sneha Chettri, Geryma L Nongkhlaw, Ibapynhunshisha Kharbani, Shimti Lyngdoh, Netania T Tariang. Coach) and Mr. Kiefer W Shullai (Manager).
The public views elections as an occasion to get free weapons and money.
Perhaps what has affected the UDP Minister, Bah Rymbui, is the protest of the SSA School Teachers, who, like the Adhoc School Teachers, have also demanded the release of the SSA School Teachers. their monthly salary with arrear.
Mohun Bagan authorities on Tuesday announced that they will remove the word ATK from the name of the 133-year-old football club.
Surprisingly, Niman has lodged a complaint with the Ummulong OP that he has been threatened with death by MPUF President Dapoiwanmi Laloo.
Josiah was dismissed by Charm Marbaniang, and after many wickets started to follow one after another, SCA-B lost five wickets for only 13 runs and were dismissed. They scored 94 runs in 16.1 overs.
This decision was taken at a meeting held on the 21st of this month to name the Union as SRS, Eastern Ri-Bhoi.
Mukul said the government has decided to increase this to increase revenue collection for the government.
The Court said that as the State Government is considering the recommendations relating to the amendment of certain aspects of the blueprint, a three-month period has been set for the hearing of the matter. It is hoped that these parties will be able to resolve this pending issue.
He said that this order does not affect the KHADC Act which does not authorize anyone to remove or issue ST certificates to those who are entitled to receive them if they have the necessary documents.
Sutnga had a chance to turn the tide in the second half through Ioanis Suchen 61'
Shillong, Naiwieng 1: In the procession of Rangbah Shnongs held on the 30th of March convened by the Union of Village Authorities of Bri u Hynniewtrep, the leaders and the people of Dr. Mukul Sangma and others who announced their names and condemned the government ministers who were close to Dr. Mukul Sangma but suddenly These Government Ministers and People's Leaders are all members of the Kur Lyngdoh and they are Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Law, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Law. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs, and Congress leader Ronnie V Lyngdoh, who is also the MLA of Mylliem Constituency.
These programs will be close to the date, to hold the elections and that will surprise the voters.
The Khasi Hills Are Small The Khasi Hills have become smaller compared to the borders of the provinces as before.
Enbin said the HSPDP Mawkyrwat has sent his name to the CEC of the HSPDP to become the 2018 MLA candidate from Mawkyrwat constituency. “He hasn't joined the party, he hasn't been a member of the Primary Unit, he was welcomed by Bah Ardent,” said Bah Enbin.
This sulfur supply will meet the sulfur requirements of plants.
The neighbors said that they did not think to see this man shoot them because none of these neighbors would do such a thing especially when it comes to children.
The incident has angered Congress leaders, where Suresh and other party leaders have sat on the ground in protest.
Those interested in participating should notify us by June 10,
However, the big question that the JSM wants to put before the NHAI, which has enough technical experts, is where the money they collect every day and why this NH6 road is not equal to the roads. implemented by the PWD Department of the Government of Meghalaya.
In this match, no one was able to score.
The road from Motphran to Police Bazar has been closed for 10 days, the road to Jail Road, Polo to Nongmynsong has been closed for 10 days.
Rawat said the issue of one country and one election has been recommended by the Election Commission since 2015 and other requirements are for the police and security forces to run smoothly. the vote.
Tomorrow, the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, will hold a meeting with the political parties to explain to them about the Roster System.
Look carefully, in all the departments of Govt Services, General Quotas have been filled, land has been sold to farmers, markets have been sold. They don't know whether they are right or wrong, they are not farmers.
Nongshahsmai – The accused and the accused have testified before the public that they have nothing to do with the case.
