The Dorbar Shnong has issued a No Objection Certificate (NoC) and the KHADC has issued a Trading License to the traders. bar states are eligible," he said.
The Commonwealth Games gold medalist said she is sure that her participation in the IBA Women's Boxing World Championship will be an opportunity for her to fight for the title. to the name and glory to the whole country once again.
The second and third goals were scored by Batskhemlang Jyrwa in the 24th and 49th minutes and the fourth goal was scored by Wadajied Ryngkhlem in the 90th minute.
“He said that the Memorandum of Understanding between Meghalaya and Assam will be ratified by Parliament.
Shillong: Police have recovered the body of a woman from Sohsaw market.
This inspection was conducted after hearing the complaints of the residents of the area who used to come for medicine and who used to sleep inside the CHC regarding the spread of garbage inside the compound. I am afraid that instead of healing the patients and the patients, it will worsen the situation.
There were only 6.5 crore broadband subscribers in our country in
Replying to the Minister's remarks, ACHIK on Tuesday said it is surprising that a politician who has worked with the Minister has rejected the long-standing demand for Tura as the capital of the State during the rainy season.
The WJDSA has also informed that the Under-17 final will not be held if there is no funding through the government's scheme.
(6) In this first wave of corona, it works first for the elderly who are 60 years old and above.
Since the cleaning of the stadium in 2011, the stadium has attracted many football players from many clubs in the State and some have played across India.
They will see and the whole world will see that Jesus is coming down on the Mount of Olives near Jerusalem.
He will still have to deal with the uncertainty of electricity.
Shortly after, it was learned that the CISF had apologized to the MP and directed Kanimozhi to explain the incident and punish the officer for speaking rudely to her.
“The guards should be released by those from those places by paying in the form of a donation,” said the High Court and directed the state to send a reply on the matter. within three days.
In the minds of men it is impossible to understand but in God there are many ways.
This failure to return the money should provide a clear answer or explanation to the people so that they can understand.
“If you look at the Statue and Ordinance of NEHU, it clearly states that the policies of NEHU will have to be decided by the Academic Council and implemented by the Executive Council.
“Of course, the world is shaking with the Reservation Policy but the truth is, the youth have not seen yet how many government jobs the government can give to the youth, MPSC, DSC how many jobs are available. per annum, and per annum there are 2000 vacancies in all government departments.
The arrested two persons are Pynshailang Warjri (32) of Umtangar village, Ri-Bhoi District and Banshngai Tynshong (28) of Nongthymmai village. Ri-Bhoi and the investigation is ongoing to find out the cause of the murder and to find out more about others involved in the incident.
In order to use sound equipment or any sound equipment at any public meeting, permission must be obtained from the relevant authorities and it is the right of the person for the sake of peace and order in the country. in society.
When the family is strong, the family is strong, when the family is strong, the nation is strong.
“Where did you come from, son?” asked the mother who was reading a book in the bedroom.
I have nothing to do with any investigation into this".
We strongly condemn why we were not given permission but why other parties were given permission,” he said.
The death of fish has also happened in one of the villages in Khliehmawlieh, West Khasi Hills where these days, the fish that the farmers have raised have died and this has surprised many. It is the fishermen who have lost all the fish they used to catch.
Assam Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said the man had attended a Muslim prayer at the Athgaon Masjid in Guwahati.
“Informing that Meghalaya is one of the states which has implemented the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) well, Marak said that the state has received up to T.400 crore as a grant from the JJM. The Central Government has appealed three times for the full implementation of the JJM in the State.
The infiltration of foreign nationals from Bangladesh into the North East through Assam is terrible.
Informing about the incident, Bah Albert Maring, one of the residents of the village, said that the heavy rainfall and strong wind have damaged many crops such as kwai, kait and others. Electricity posts have collapsed in the village and the residents have to stay in darkness even in other parts of Ri-Bhoi district and fortunately no one was injured or any tragic incident.
Furthermore, he said that the FSSAI Registration/License Number on the packages should be checked before buying the food items.
Therefore, the Meghalaya government will have to be vigilant and think carefully in this second phase of the talks so as not to incur unnecessary costs.
Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram and Manipur have been exempted with the ILP Act.
Speaking on the demand for 80 percent employment in the private sector, Bah Dohtdong said that the non-employment of indigenous people by some companies is impossible. accept.
Jimmy, 32, holds the rank of Sergeant.
The MDA government under the leadership of the NPP party has appointed and set up various committees to appease the anger and grievances of the people.
Hireman said it was also demanded that the government should set aside 5% for schools and colleges whether government or private.
My brother who was only 5-6 months old also died because he had no food.
xiv) Kavi-Anuvadak is the reading of poetry in a language written by the author himself and by the translator into another language in the same context.
kik-shi-kiew : which cannot speak, which cannot move forward.
Sniawbhalang did not announce the appointment of Stephanson Mukhim at the meeting.
“India is a vast country and our diversity is our strength and identity, we don't know what will happen or what the bill will be like but without seeing what is inside. of the bill, it will be difficult to explain in detail,” he said.
These food items and clothes were donated by the Whatsaap Group called “SAIN PYRKHAT RIWAR MIHNGI” under the leadership of Chairman Bah S Wankhar.
Initially, the government will start operating 50 to 60 buses and if necessary, it will purchase more later.
The program was held at the Conference Hall of the BDO, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block with the participation of Village Leaders from all over the Mawkyrwat C&RD Block.
He said that on November 11, 2019, despite the strong opposition from the indigenous people of the North East against the CAA, the Central Government did not announce it but passed the CAA. The Citizenship (Amendment) Act 2019 has been passed.
The Mad Kings, the winner, received a cash prize of 30,000 tyngka along with a trophy.
Khliehriat, July 29: The office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, today held a special meeting for those who have been affected by the natural disasters and those who have lost their homes in the disaster. house fire.
He will receive a salary of T.25 thousand per month.
He said that regarding the proposal to introduce Village Councils, all three councils agreed that the Village Development Council should be introduced.
The meeting was conducted by the General Secretary of the Village Level Committee, Bah Shngain Kharjana.
Rahul Gandhi was accompanied by former Manipur Chief Minister Okram Ibobi Singh and Congress President K. Megachandra Singh from the airport in Imphal.
The Minister said that the rules say that, but what is more important is the guidance and guidance of the Consultants in the implementation of various projects which has helped a lot to complete on time and especially in acting and operating according to the rules.
Once the MLAs have won and formed the government they don't think far for the future of the state.
The rule of law reaches the villagers through the Block.
Nandi partnered with Gaurav Narleng who scored 37 runs in the 70th over for the fourth wicket.
They were identified as (L) Esan Singh and (L) Sujit Dutta.
I want a chicken seedlings to buyI want a chickenI can't get this schemeHow else can we get them?
“We have not received any information from the government on this demand,” said Dr Kharshiing.
JOWAI: The Khasi Barak Valley Circle (KSU) has accused a forest guard of Hailakandi District, Assam of attacking a Khasi farm in Khajura village.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: Two persons have been abducted by robbers from East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, Naiwieng 30, on Tuesday. year 2013 from this city.
Shillong, June 20: U MDC of Mawlai constituency, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw on the morning of the 20th of this month, visited 10 households in Umphrew village who were affected by the cyclone. which happened on the 14th of this month.
The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) under the leadership of Bah Titos Chyne as Chief Executive Member (CEM) will bring forward two important issues in the Budget Session starting from 19 July, 2023.
Therefore, those who have entered the bank since the 11th of this month, are urged to stay at home for 10 days, besides to understand the health of them and if If you have any symptoms such as fever, chills or shortness of breath, please immediately inform the District Control Room by calling No.03638232028/1077 or Health Helpline No.8797520449.
She said that during the month of October, the priority will be to explain and educate the public on health, income problems due to TB and to take measures. to end TB worldwide.
“Criticizing the MLA of Mawlai Constituency for publishing news without end of day, Bah Tynsong, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the PWD (R) department of the State Government, said, “I see Every day the newspaper appears sometimes on the front page and sometimes in the middle of the page.
In fact, according to the management and organization of the Durand Football Tournament Society (DFTS) and the All India Football Federation (AIFF), it has been decided and selected to hold some of the matches in Shillong for the tournament. this season, but due to the lack of completion of the stadium, it was recommended that it be held in another season.
This Modi government has upset the people because in the past they had to thank the thief who should have thanked the people.
When he saw her, he was filled with love.
The owners of mines in War Jaintia have alleged that to cut the challan they have to pay various taxes and those who have mining lease have to pay stamp fee to apply for mining lease, (a) Royalty (b) Cess (c) GST (d) DMF District Mineral Fund and Environmental Reclamation Fund and others to the Government, but these illegal smugglers don't need to do anything and just carry a lot of goods and profit.
Dmikstar said that one of the sons of Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien has died.
“We have a struggle ahead of us and the officers have worked tirelessly to achieve the goal of ensuring that all households in the State have access to water,” he said.
I have had a heart attack since September
According to a report released by the World Health Organization (WHO), the death toll from the disease has reached 60% in the country and it is said that the non-communicable disease affects more than the communicable disease.
Under the Recruitment Mission, the Government of India and several States/UTs have held Rozgar Melas across the country and distributed recruitment letters to lakhs of youth every month.
In Khasi Hills, those accused of being evil spirits have been killed as happened in Smit on 16th July 2013 where three people have been killed.
Replying on behalf of the Minister of Revenue, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said that there has been no violation of the Land Transfer Act.
“From the attitude and behavior of the government, it shows that the Prime Minister is doing all the work alone in the state,” said Passah.
The title of Best Karateka in the boys category was won by Hymnson Challam of West Jaintia Hills.
“We don't accept this and we have demanded that the Prime Minister should cancel the contract with the Jain IAS from Delhi which is the group that can train the youth in the state in the Civil Services,” he said. u Bah Mountain.
From Jaiaw Shyiap to Christian Academy and to Hima Mylliem will be one-way.
Shillong: The Supreme Court has directed the Indian government to provide all the necessary documents for the resumption of coal mining in Meghalaya.
It is a great day, a special day to honor and respect Mei Ram-ew, Mei Mariang.
“The investigation will be conducted according to the rules of law and I am in consultation with legal experts,” he said.
The violation of human rights has led pastors or theologians or any religious leaders who still love the right to enter politics with the aim of reform.
Review Petition: JARF has requested the CEM JHADC to lodge a Review Petition against the decision of the Supreme Court issued on 03/07/2019 to release the state from the MMDR Act. Mine Act to allow free mining of coal.
“I'm sorry,” said Rangsan.
Therefore, as the government has taken action to bring about many development projects that the people need especially the roads, it is time for the government to take more action on the roads to the villages and border areas. , because as it is until now, many of the rural villages and villages in the border areas of the state, are still lagging behind in terms of roads and if the people do not get adequate roads it is also difficult to improve the roads. economic development and income of the people in the state.
Vivekananda firmly believed that the future of the country depended on the youth.
Nongdawah CC beat Sohra Combine by 7 wickets in the first innings while Cricket Lovers won by 106 runs against Pomshutia CC in the second innings.
Pinky Chanda took 3 wickets and Neelam Roy took 2 wickets for SCA-A. run in 15.2 overs.
On this occasion, 6 car buyers were also present and handed over the keys as a sign of the opening of the car dealership.
The main purpose of this Act is to promote openness in the marketing of agricultural products and livestock and to implement it in a fair manner.
Shullai said the delay in implementing the scheme is due to the delay in receiving the no objection certificate (NOC) from the Forest Department. water is in the middle of the forest.
The Principal said that through this fire, the school has not only lost its building but has had to lose the entire history of the school, the necessary documents. and other resources the school owns and has accumulated for about 131 years.
Meanwhile, the Police Out Post in Mukroh will send an inspection to see if it falls into the area and if there is no incident, he promised to set up an Out Post in Mukroh.
“The residents of the area especially the 7 villages have to use this bridge for their daily commute, from the school children of many villages have to count themselves every day to pass through this bridge. Therefore, to avoid any tragic incident, the JNC urges the PWD department to immediately repair and strengthen the bridge,” said the JNC. The bridge has been completed and for the benefit of the entire area.
According to the Final Electoral Roll, the total number of voters in West Jaintia Hills District is 2,00,6
Angelbeth, who turned woman, owns a beauty parlor at Red Cross Laban.
On 5th April 1980, Shyama Prasad Mukherji founded the BJP party. This was the beginning of the RSS' entry into politics.
He said the only way to release the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) from Meghalaya is through the ILP because the release only of the Sixth Schedule areas is not enough as there are still areas that do not fall under the Schedule area.
“This rule has not been implemented in this state.
“My purpose is only to come and spend time here with you and also to congratulate you players.
Gabriel said that he has seen the Nongstoin area in various difficulties and poverty so his vision of the plight of the people of the area has shocked him. He said that he should enter the political arena himself so that he can do something for this constituency.
In another incident, between Dumnikura and Gasuapara, BSF seized 80 cows and four trucks carrying these cows.
Dr. Mukul Sangma, his wife and children went to stay overnight to defeat Danggo, telling the people, 'Chenga jegala Danggo, defeat Danggo.
Superintendent of Enforcement, Bah Poland Sohphoh, conducted a surprise raid by the KHADC Police. At the time of writing of this news, 37 shops have been closed down. of which the KHADC has found that they do not have the necessary documents.
Defender Pyngrope scored the first goal for Mawpat while Bankyrshan Mawthoh scored the first goal for Nongkrem.
There are also others who have come to meet the President,” he said.
Page 5.
He said that the payment through Aadhar will eliminate all the exploiters and money launderers to get only a few benefits as usual.
What happens when you see these lines and ringsti on your face and you don't know how to remove them? Don't worry, you can immediately relieve these problems by using home remedies that are natural and safe to use on your skin.
He said that in fact the party expects to win the majority, but due to the short time, it has not been able to explain to many villages.
At the same time, the former Mawsynram MLA also denied the claim by BJP President Ernest Mawrie that he wants the MDA to nominate a joint candidate for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections. come.
Jowai Police Station has registered a case against Herman under Jowai PS CAse No.19(2) 2008 under Section 302/34 IPC. The court on the 8th of this month sentenced Herman to 10 years imprisonment for 2 months and a fine. T.3 lakh to the relatives of the victim.
He said that Assam, which is near Meghalaya, is dominated by Muslims and in this state too, if allowed, it will soon become a Muslim country where the land owners will become low paid.
He said that Dr. Ampareen is the best candidate to lead Shillong in the Lok Sabha and said that she will lead for the aspirations of lakhs of people of the constituency.
This decision was taken after a visit to the villages of Rongram Block on Friday.
Who visits and works on these types of schools? There isn't.
There will also be up to 50 Special Gifts for the lucky winners.
Ms Lakiang said that according to the leadership of the era of science and technology, it has been seen that there are many changes which are the way to improve and accelerate the way people work in many areas. On the other hand, in this regard, we have to ask the question because all women have their own feelings, attitudes and ways of thinking.
BDWS.The use of ïit ïong in vehicles has become a hiding place for many exploiters from youth activities to open drinking, from the rest of the victims to the robbery. shim kabu is a rich man, especially a young woman.
The SDRF will be used only for emergency assistance to those affected by various natural disasters such as hurricanes, floods, earthquakes, fires, tsunamis, frosts, landslides, clouds. burst, insect damage and extreme cold.
But we don't have the power to do even one miracle.
Nongpoh: Although there have been many complaints from private drivers from Assam and especially those who come from time to time, they have alleged that there are people who fill up diesel and mobile fuel along the NH- 6, for the purpose of dressing and dressing the vehicles passing on the NH-6, but when we tried to find out the truth, it was found that this allegation has no basis at all, but it is the mistake of they and those who are not familiar with the road conditions and especially during the rainy season.
KSU War Jaintia Circle General Secretary Samla Lurman Talang and members of the KSU War Jaintia Circle were also present on the occasion.
However, the entry of such people not only deprives the traders who are the owners of the land.
The thief of the prime minister's account is known as John Wick.
When asked whether there are many critics to hold festivals, the Minister said that there are critics everywhere but Meghalaya is also known as the Music Capital of the country.
On the other hand, Bah George B. Lyngdoh, TMC candidate from Umroi and TMC MP from Rajya Sabha, Derek O'Brien, on this occasion, expressed their satisfaction that the people of Umroi Constituency have come forward to vote. The party leaders also promised to bring about that change for the people if the people are ready to elect this party which has the desire to improve the welfare of the people. and the development of the people in this state.
The lucky draw was announced by Tneibha Phawa, Secretary of the EJDCA, in the presence of Harlington Shadap, former Waheh Village of Narwan, Leo Shadap, Secretary of Narwan Village, Rimon Langstang. Secretary of the Village Council and Sham Shadapuba were the Chairman of the Village Council.
Personally, I think we have done well in all aspects.
Ngaitlang Dhar in his speech said that their desire as a family to hold a tournament in the name of their father, is because their father is a man who loves and enjoys sports.
To reduce traffic jam in Shillong, the Government of Meghalaya has launched the first Sustainable Transport and Efficient Mobility Society (STEMS) buses in the North East with the purchase of 30 buses in July. These buses have been booked in advance from the seats especially for school children and office workers and also these buses have technology such as CCTV cameras and GPS-based tracking.
I used to ask my mother when I was alive, why didn't you give birth to a mother? She said that according to her information, in the journey to find a suitable place to settle, our ancestors had to walk long distances, climb the rivers and fields. that river river that river.
Shillong, JANUARY 17: The party has received a complaint from the Jowai Block Congress against Sniawbhalang Dhar on the allegation that he had committed adultery. to replace the incumbent MLA from Jowai, Dr. Roytre Christopher Laloo.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, today said that the government will soon implement the Entry & Exit Point.
When asked about the meaning of the words, Samla Wanjop said that in the War language, if we say Shynnam shynnam, we mean shisha, when we say ji mari, we mean that we are stupid and if we say jaramot, we mean that we are stupid. “It doesn't match the appearance and appearance of a woman or a man,” said Samla Wanjop.
The child was arrested by Abbeville Police and said he is 16 years old and detained at Abbeville Police Station for further investigation. his intended attack on that day.
This person is also the planner of this project.
Until now, we are still waiting for the availability of vaccines to prevent and treat Covid-1
:The North East Students' Organization (NESO) has marked November 11 as a Black Day in the Northeast to protest against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act,
She also urged the people in the villages and the state as a whole to work together to eradicate this alcoholic beverage so that it will bring good not only to the village and the region but to the state itself. whole.
“Rahul Gandhi, Member of Lok Sabha from Wayanad Parliamentary Constituency in Kerala, has been resigned from the Lok Sabha from the date of his trial on 23rd October, Article 102 (1) (e) of the Constitution and Section 8 of the Representation of People Act, 1951,” said Utpal Kumar Singh, Secretary General of the Lok Sabha. Secretariat on Thursday.
The Superintendent of Police (Crimes) Vivek Syiem, while talking to reporters, said that besides the four persons arrested earlier, police have arrested another person involved in the crime. Sanjib Biswa, who was identified as Sanjib Biswa, has been arrested for the incident at Marvelenn Inn.
Greenfield Airport is a new airport, which will be built from scratch.
The MLA said that the worst affected villages include Seinduli-1, Seinduli-2, Porla, Riangdo, Thaiem, Janepih, Mawsyrpat, Siangra, Myniar, Mawbyrngem, Tiniang, Bershaba, Thynri, Kriangrin and others. Mawsaw, Tynrongmaw Saw, Nongsleh, Maw Khar, Mawthylliang, Proin, Tynhiang, Ri-mardon, Ryngkew-A, Ryngkew-B and others.
As part of the celebrations, an online selfie contest will be held by the Ministry of Defense on the MyGov platform from 15-20th July.
Meanwhile, the death toll in India has risen to 72 out of 66 in the earthquake in the areas bordering Nepal.
“After seeing the spread of the news, we immediately went to meet with the doctors of the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department to find out the truth. “There is a lot of disease in the state,” said Bah Wanshai.
In 2002, the MEDC Employees Association demanded that the state government should send an inquiry to the CBI because the management has not been able to provide the account of the income earned by the MEDC. The Electronic Corporation of India (ECI) has increased the production of capacitors from 30 lakh per annum to 5 lakh per annum. The government has abolished the MEDC, hasn't this affected the state and the employees? Therefore, the fears of the FKJGP regarding the MCCL are well-founded and should be investigated whether the MCCL and other government corporations are dead.
The President of HNYM Central Body has also warned that the leaders of HNYM should first of all unite to protect their fellow members from anyone. He also urged them to be leaders who can earn the love and trust of their fellow leaders and especially from the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep.
Shillong: The containment measures, which will end on 31st June 2021, will be extended until further notice across the state.
All the water tanks found in his house were confiscated.
Horse.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29 : The National People's Party (NPP) has set up committees from Block Level, District Level and Sate Committee to strengthen the party from top to bottom. On the other hand, the President of the Party in the state who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, has urged the Party Leaders and all the members to Work hard and steadfastly from now on to reap the fruits of happiness in these elections.
And if they are not sure, the Himas can withdraw or give reasons for inclusion in the Instrument of Accession (IoA).
“The question whether they are illegal residents is not true because according to the documents, these households are employees of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) office and also the High Court of the state,” he said. said Prestone.
Earlier, the teachers of Sacred Heart Boys Higher Secondary School Mawlai had to thank the Principal of the school if they wanted to get their salaries.
The Department of Information & Broadcasting has worked with the Department of Consumer Affairs to release these recommendations.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Disparsing said that it is only through the RTI investigation that it is impossible to hide this slow appointment process. I don't know if it's true or not, but I'm sure it's true.
He said he had tried to take the issues raised by the MLAs but they were not even in the House.
He also recalled that as a teacher or social service provider where he has been involved in many educational institutions such as schools and colleges, he has found that the students here in St.Savier's College & Higher Secondary School, Umoid are those students who are willing to cooperate, who show good manners, who show good respect, who give cooperation, who are sincere and also who have the truth. the soul does not know.
He also hoped that Bah Bok would increase his salary again in a few years.
The Nepali foreigners in Langpih or in any other border area should not have the right to decide because they are the only foreigners who have come to settle in the Hima Khasi.
This decision was taken at a meeting held today in Guwahati.
Regarding the Vocational Course in Agriculture, this is the first course to be launched by a school in Jaintia Hills.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the leaders of the 13 parties, Conrad said the topic of the discussion was on the entry gate for foreigners coming to the state. .
At this meeting, they unanimously decided that if the statement of Linda Nongkrem is true, the village requested Linda Nongkrem to lodge a complaint with the law enforcement authorities and not to speak. or publicized only in the media.
Conrad was speaking on the demand of NEPMU to release its detained members, along with the threat to stop the smuggling of oil products to Meghalaya which has started since the Second day if they cannot be released.
In Delhi, the BJP has won more seats. In Uttar Pradesh, which has 80 MP seats, the BJP has won more seats. In Bihar, the BJP will get fewer seats than other parties like the RJD, BSP, SP, LJP and others.
U Bah Syiem, said that as a small state, it is easy to provide and said, “To say that our state, without central, is impossible, it is wrong”. “Our population is less than 50 lakh, if we know how to use these resources and Bangladesh will be a surplus state”. He said that the inability to open the markets on the border with Bangladesh is due to the negligence of the leaders.
A group of civil society organizations under the banner of CoHSO today staged a protest against the proposed Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 by staging a protest in front of the Additional Secretariat, Shillong.
“I have seen from the beginning that the MRSSA should not protect the state and for that reason I have resigned from the committee to study the MRSSA,” he said.
In the second match which started at 11 pm at the SSA Stadium, Umphyrnai SC beat Umpling SC 8-0 goals. Batmeki Kharkongor scored two goals in the 12th and 36th minutes, Arjuneson Kharkongor in the 36th minute, Ricky Kharkongor in the 44th and 54th minutes, Iaiapynkmen Kharkongor in the 51st minute and Vickyson. Wankhar scored two goals in the 58th and 60th minutes.
The factory was set up near the Mawrie Enterprise shop on the 3rd Floor of Mawrie Complex in Rynjah Market.
At the same time, he suggested that the 80 percent allocation should be continued for Khasi-Jaintia and Garo, and the Office Memorandum should be amended to allow the DSCs to take into account all the exempt government departments. You don't have to go to the personal department.
The 3rd North East Olympic Games 2024 to be held in Nagaland will start from 18th to 23rd October and will feature 16 sports.
He said that the leaders of the refugees had not informed the Dorbar Shnong about the arrival of their relatives and it was on this basis that the Dorbar Shnong had to hold an emergency meeting where the decision was taken. to give one day to the leaders of the refugees to send a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma for shelter and security measures.
The MDA-I Government on 31st July 2022 has submitted a proposal to the leaders of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC), to relocate the Harijans living in Mawlong Market Area. The Shillong Municipal Board has an office at Bishop Cotton Road, but the HPC leaders have not yet taken any decision on the government's proposal.
When it comes to food and beverages, it is necessary that we produce more food items from our own state without having to rely too much on foreign countries to import or supply food and beverages for us and others. everyday necessities.
4500 tyngka, school fees, college fees, bus fees, top up cards to phone home when you need them and so on.
“The rejection of the wrong order is not a violation of the court,” said Bah Bindo while talking to reporters after a meeting with political parties.
Once again, the residents of Mawkynrew will be able to witness one of the most famous and biggest football tournaments in the area known as the '4th Mawkynrew Cup 2023' which will start from on March 27th.
The Chief Minister said that the state electricity department has been directed to have a Technical Wing to operate within the electricity department and measures have been taken in this regard.
The coach of the team was Jeffrey Warlarpih, the coach of the team was Belsius Khyriem.
Film Independent President Josh Welsh in an interview with the media expressed his pleasure to be able to hold the awards again next year and welcomed Aidy. as the host of this Award Show.
However, the sad thing is that from such suspects, those who are involved in the accident are those who are stupid and have no means of protection.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who arrived from Shillong this morning, took part in the Golden Jubilee celebration and delivered a speech at the cultural programme.
Regarding the misuse of the name of the Longkmie Khasi by this foreigner, Kong Ri Iwolynti Shangrang, the Seng has been monitoring for several months, but they have not found her face. The foreigner has been in Nongpoh for a while, but it was not until today, when they learned that the foreigner is in Nongpoh, that the members of the party led by u Bah Hercules Suting, President, together with the members, left to meet with the foreigner, after which they will lodge an Ejahar in Nongpoh, so that such incidents will not happen again.
But nobody wants to resolve this issue yet," Borah said.
The hearing will be held on the 15th of November.
Bah Wanlam, Ki Symboh ummat gratitude is not enough to fall with the brightest days that you have lost in the chapters of your life, which has not disappeared or disappeared from the history of the nation, The seeds you have sown will be recognized and brightened in the fields of the tympan sur pring of the lyngwiar of love and encouragement of the Rympei Khasi.
He recalled that in 2018 since the MDA government came to power, the first affected area was the Metor area, the incident in Ichamati, the CAB which became CAA, covid 19 and others.
“In order to improve the infrastructure in the State, we will also work hard to improve health and education, employment of the youth and livelihood of the people,” he said. Conrad.
“People are wrong in Meghalaya.
After that, Hussain led the police to his house and from there they seized 9,883 bottles of Phensedyl.
The Seng urges the Dorbar Shnongs across the Bri U Hynniewtrep to prepare themselves in advance to prevent these mynder from smuggling into their villages.
He said that this is not the first time that Bah Ardent has shouted for reasons that only he knows to target those who disagree.
The KSU leaders also met with the students to listen to their concerns in all aspects and promised to continue to monitor the condition of the school, according to a statement sent by the student. Richard Mawkhiew, organizing secy KSU Nongthymmai circle.
The Office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Amlarem Sub-Division has announced that the price of SK Oil has been revised.
Shillong, Naitung 30 : The Speaker of the Arunachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly, Pasang Dorjee Sona on Tuesday said that the Inner Line Permit is like a double-edged sword.
It was seen that many wealthy people have become MLAs/MDCs and have invested lakhs of rupees in order to get the will of the people to elect them or their candidates.
The SHGs after the meeting expressed their gratitude to SURE for conducting such a training where they can try from home and will also benefit them as farmers.
However, as enlightened people, we should understand that a nation without a past is also a nation without a past.
Bah Shullai also expressed the problems faced by the residents of Mawshbuit village where the entrance or exit road is in the army area. and Chairman of KHADC Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem has also taken up the issue with the Defense Ministry earlier.
Speaking to media, Momin expressed his gratitude to the Government of India and especially to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Defense Minister Amit Shah for respecting the feelings of the indigenous people by releasing them. The Sixth Schedule of the Citizenship Amendment Act of
However, the union has not received any comment on Dipa's suspension from the team.
This will further deteriorate the society, the country and the nation.
Hamas has released 100 people it has kidnapped since the beginning of the war, including Israel's seven-day ceasefire last month. 4 American citizens.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah MH Kharkrang, said that two bird shooting knives, marble bird shooting stones and 180 ml of liquor were seized from the suspects.
Shillong: After a letter arrived at the house of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew in the past few days from the group which claimed to be the group of Sur Retired Police Officers who have filed charges against the policemen involved in the rape of Bah Cheristerfield Thankhiew on the 13th of July
In a statement, the General Secretary of the Union, Bah RL Blah, said that although the Prime Minister has said that the introduction of the bill is not without any intention or intention, the statement said. Why is the government in such a hurry to pass this bill? If the government can extend the term of office of the MDCs of GHADC for more than one year, why can't it wait until the term of office of these two leaders ends and implement it from 2019?, said the statement.
The announcement was made by the Sordar of Mawryngkneng, Bah Peter J Lawai and the office bearers of this village were confirmed by him.
Being an MLA does not mean just advocating for the construction of roads.
Sohra received 114.8mm of rainfall from 8.30 am to 5.30 pm, while Shillong received 3.7mm and Umiam 2.2mm. .
For those who have more, it is a time to show their wealth through their dress and grooming.
The candidates are Brolding Nongsiej of the UDP, Sitting MLAS, Shakliar Warjri of the HSPDP, Biolinda Lyngdoh Nonglait of the NPP, Fourteenson Lyngkhoi of the Congress and Demaphi Lyngdoh of the Congress. UDP.Thousands of supporters of these parties and those of the UDP, HSPDP and NPP have filled the Umsoit Madan. to listen to the explanations of the candidates and parties.
Shillong: A meeting was held between the Rangbah Shnongs of Riwar Mihngi, Pynursla today in the presence of Bah P Tynsong, Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya and U.S. Bah D Hynniewta, SDO Pynursla Civil Sub Division.
Regarding the price of fertilizers, the Government has decided to provide half price to the farmers of the state to benefit, said Dr. Vijay Kumar D, Head of Cooperation Department, Government. State.
Before the distribution of the relief items, a meeting was held at CFC, Madankynsaw-Mowkyndeng in the presence of Kong SE Kharpran, Functional Manager, Training Manager, Dakti Craft, Shillong, Peter Sutnga, Asst Waheh Shnong, Shillong. Isabella Pakma, Secretary Women's Group & HMPCS Ltd, Lambormi Suchen, Skill Development Officer, West Jaintia Hills and others.
Nongstoiñ: Rasong FC beat Athletico De Real FC 1-0 in the first leg of the Rani Motors Knock Out Football Tournament on Saturday. 2018 was held at the Laitkseh Sport Club (LSC).
On the other hand, Bah Jyrwa took the salute during the unfurling of the flag of the HNLC in the presence of other members of the party.
He said that the APHLC under the leadership of others had only achieved an autonomous state in 1970, but it was under the leadership of Maieid Hoppingstone Lyngdoh, Meshak Kharkongngor and Aris Basaiawmoit. They have insisted that they will not be limited to the Sub-state until the full state has been obtained.
Two foreign workers from Manchachar, Assam have been killed this month in the outskirts of Tura.
“The deterioration of the transformer for three months has caused problems to the entire village especially the school children who are the future of the country and the village because they don't have the opportunity to read at night. ,” said the leaders of the JSU Syndai Unit who lodged a complaint with the Executive Engineer of Jowai.
“It is not good to talk about it now.
The disposal of these plastics affects the environment and human health.
Now, as soon as the wedding ceremony is over, the newlyweds are honored by going to thank the first husband, which is a violation of the custom of the household.
Shillong, July 30: Meghalaya today held a 2 minute silence in memory of all those who fought for the liberation of the country. Death anniversary of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi.
Before taking part in the song, Bateithymmai expressed her desire to win or to come first in the competition, and at the same time she urged the residents Nongstoiñ has opened a Facebook Page 'Yes I Am' and through her account, she can vote only by writing BATEITHYMMAI NONGRUM and can write many times or how many times. times too.
Other speakers at the award ceremony were Bah FR Kharkongor, Commissioner & Secretary, Arts and Culture Department and Bah Raphael Warjri, Head of Riti Academy. Five new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed and five people have died, bringing the death toll to 1200 in the state on Friday.
He didn't go to Chokpot to go home.
He said that the state has more than 264 veterinary doctors.
We know he faced death face to face and who can you compare to him?
Shillong, March 11: The All Meghalaya Contractors and Suppliers Association (ACA) has strongly opposed the issuance of trading licenses to foreigners by the Autonomous District Councils. Businessmen especially Contract and Supplier jobs in the State.
He is confident that in this MLA election 2023, people are no longer like in the past when they were afraid of Adhaar Card and the MLA election 2023 will go smoothly in all aspects.
On the claim of Kyrshan Dkhar that the AJCCTA has appointed him as Acting President, Balen Thubru said that the AJCCTA has just renewed its office bearers on the 2nd of this month at the office. The meeting elected Boneyfast Rymbai as the new Secretary of the party.
“The talks are not just true but the work has gone on and when it has gone on, we will invite for meetings, we will have public hearings and many meetings before we proceed.
Speak politely to others, especially to men, don't do or speak harshly to them lest they take advantage of you in many ways.
Meanwhile, he said that after one hour of fighting, the fire was extinguished although it took many hours to extinguish it completely.
He also urged the shopkeepers to take care by placing dustbins or garbage cans in front of the shops, because if someone comes to buy food items, the shopkeepers should remember not to They shall throw their clothes into the dustbins which they have prepared.
Antistone, also known as Koi, is a resident of Mawlai Nongpdeng Block. Koi is from Jaiaw Laitdom but after the death of his mother, he moved to Mawlai Nongpdeng with Meideng. .
Paul was responding to the statement by Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) Chief Dr Mohan Madhukarrao Bhagwat that all citizens of India are Hindus.
They have been doing this for about 10 years.
Investigation revealed that the Assam Police led by the Incharge Assam PPP and the Circle Officer of Boko PS, had accompanied a JCB which was plowing the road at Noapara which was stopped later. The protest was attended by between 50 and 80 people.
Due to the Sawan festival on the third Monday, many believers came to the temple but suddenly, robbers entered the temple and shot dead the believers including the shopkeepers. near this bag worship blei.
“The Government needs to set up a special scheme for the construction and improvement of roads to farmland,” the statement said.
If this intention of the NPP-led MDA government is true, why should parents send their children to school now?
The world is currently globally undergoing the greatest challenges of this pandemic, coronavirus.
There will also be entertainment programs by singers and musicians from all over Ri Khasi prepared by the organizers of the festival.
He also promised to take action to improve health, education and in all aspects, as this area has been abandoned by the MLAs who have passed and even the current ones. Only during elections but at other times they are closed, which makes it difficult to improve the income of the community and the region.
This State University is the Captain Williamson Sangma State University which has been renamed Captain Williamson Sangma Technical University.
“If you don't have the opportunity, you won't be able to do it, Bah Bok,” said Bah Living. “Thank you for saying that.
The order was issued on 11th November and was implemented immediately in the area.
Because most of them are young and after a while they have got to know people well, they have become like Khasi women or young men and because they are more clever and know how to line up, most of them Khasi young women cannot be taken away to their villages or even here and have changed their color and shape and other parts.
In another match of the 2nd Division, Sohiong beat Laitlyngkot 1-2
The union also urged the Directorate of School Education and Literacy to take immediate action by recruiting teachers within 10 days at the Govt Girls Higher Secondary School Jowai, so that it will not affect the students. .
The cause of the fire is unknown, but it is said that it belonged to the owner of the Hanuman Box.
Nongpoh, July 05: The CSWO, under the leadership of Kong Christabell Wanniang, General Secretary, today inspected the road from Nongrah to Shnong Forest, which is about 2 km away.
Suddenly, a group of Bengalis carrying stem flags appeared and shouted, threatened and insulted the TSF members and the ethnic groups.
The CID of Meghalaya has sealed the office and campus of CMJ University after the Governor of Meghalaya Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary lodged an FIR against the university for its misdeeds.
Fr.Roland Kharkrang, besides taking part in the Holy Mass, also gave the words of prayer by saying, “God has given us a free will. , if we want to do evil without compulsion, we must bear our sin; and if we do good without compulsion, we expect a good reward.
This means that he is willing to accept that society must change.
Other speakers were Dr Faruque Akhtar (Sonologist), GLC Mylliem BDO Amlarem C&RD Block, Dr MM Talang who is also Joint Director, Waheh Chnong War Jaintia K Pohlong and others.
Campbel Myrboh, who was arrested by Ummulong Police Station, was released at 2:30 pm.
There were songs and dances by the youth of Dkhiah West.
The Constitution was launched by the Chief Guest, Bah Titostarwell Chyne, CEM KHADC and the Memorial Book was launched by Bah Jambor War, EM I/C District Administration, KHADC. Mr. AK Khongsdam, Chairman of the Constitutional Committee, Village Council, Sohra.
The seizure of Yaba pills has increased significantly with 19000 pills seized in 2022, up to 60,000 pills seized in 2023 and 2000 pills seized in 2024.
The football team preparing for the Asian Games starting this month could produce new players for the tournament to be held in Hangzhou.
They beat Porto, Benfica and AC Milan before reaching the final.
In the field of education, he holds a PhD2
"I am glad that they have accepted my request to return to their jobs.
Assam has also promised Meghalaya that it will not allow any mining of minerals in the river.
Furthermore, the main themes of the program are, the impact of drugs on the physical and mental health of individuals who use drugs, the impact on the community, the home the family and the community as a whole as well as the assistance available in case of such a disaster.
They said that since the beginning of the tourism industry this year, there has been a lot of trouble to fill the households when they need to fill it, but since the outbreak of Corona virus, in two years, it has increased. it is a great loss.
After the victory and reaching the quarterfinals for the first time this season, Cecchinato will also have to prepare for his next fight with Alejandro Davidovich Fokina.
The election of leaders is a sacred duty.
Dawanplielad Myrchiang scored the second goal in the 29th minute and Mebankhraw Wahlang in the 80th minute.
According to him, there are 22 teacher vacancies in lower primary schools and 89 teacher vacancies in upper primary schools.
In an effort to protect farmers, the Government of India has increased the subsidy for fertilizers from Rs 73,067 crore in 2014-15 to Rs 2,54,799 crore in 2022-2 .
The relatives said that they have nothing against anyone but they admit that it is the fault of these two people which has reached the point of causing the tragedy.
“In the budget of Rs 2,000 crore, 70 percent of this money has been used only to pay the salaries of teachers,” said Dr Laloo.
The Normal School was later known as the Cherra Teacher's Training Center in 1947 and was founded by Rev. Thomas Jones in
Before the meeting, a prayer was offered by Rev S. Laloo Pastor of Unitarian Church, Jowai and welcome speech was offered by Mattimi Passah, daughter of Dr Mohrmen.
It is worth mentioning that the news that the PDF will become a political party has been spreading for more than a year now and it is not known whether it is true or false. Delhi to file the nomination papers with the Election Commission.
Now in this age when knowledge has grown to the point that the world has become as small as a marble, can we believe that this is true? NE is just a warning from ancient times to our ancestors that this country which we cherish at the end of the day will no longer be ours.
These include three fundraising books of the Hynniewtrep People Defense Alliance (HPDA), three books donated to the HPDA, two books donated to the United Khasi Movement. (UKM), two books donated to the Federation of Khasi United People (FKUP), one receipt donated to the KHYC and two donation slips from the KHYC. Youth Region (HYR).
The Rangbah Shnongs said that according to this decision, no provisions of the 6th Schedule of the Constitution of India have been taken.
The MP also wants to amend the Constitution and implement the Uniform Civil Code.
Therefore, if we say agriculture means only vegetables and only one season except for seeds, if we say “agriculture” it means from one year to another and agriculture includes plants and animal farming, bird farming, meat farming and the challenges we face when we do this work.
Nongpoh, Nailar 05: U Bah Smer Kurbah of Madan Umwang Village, Ri Bhoi District, has been seriously injured when he was shot dead at 5 pm today. shoot at the two men with the Tynsah Suloi.
He who has a humble spirit is not proud no matter what political party but who takes the initiative to work for the country and the nation.
“We have decided to support the NPP candidate but we will hold a meeting with the CEC to take a final decision on this,” said UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy. day.
“This request of the Women's Wing is that the District Council will issue a directive to the Dorbar Shnongs which do not yet have women as Executive Members to include them in the EC of the Dobar Shnong.
Jowai: Two children from West Jaintia Hills District have received assistance under the PM CARES for Children Scheme (PMCARES for Children Scheme). Narendra Modi is the prime minister.
In the U-14 (Boys) category, Wedan Jachugrik B Marak of St. Anthony's Higher Sec School, Laitumkhrah won the title of Best Athlete in the 60m race with 554 points. Loreto Convent, Laitumkhrah won the women's category with 613 points.
It opens the door for the residents in those areas to start their own businesses such as food shops, outlets, shops selling homemade items and others.
Kohima: The Nagaland government has announced that it will start the census of the number of residents of the state by launching the Register. of Indigenous Inhabitants of Nagaland (RIIN).
A Freshers Meet was also held organized by the KSU Dehradun Unit, where Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar was the Chief Guest and Mily Rabon was the Chief Guest.
Adelbert Nongrum, HS Thangkhiew, and three members of the CEC, namely, (1) Robert June Kharjahrin, General Secretary ; (2) Mr. Nickson Dohling, Organizing Secretary; (3) Mr. Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, Vice President; (4) Anthony Kharbuli, Adviser and (5) Issac Basawiamoit, Asst Organizing Secretary, led by K Paul, should appear in person on the day of the hearing.
“It’s it’s what you say.
If you have any complaints, please contact us by 30.11.2021 and delete your complaint by
I am looking for a girlfriend of 18 to 20 years old from any area but who knows the manners of respect
However, in the midst of the efforts to preserve the mother tongue, there is an issue of incorrect or incomplete characters used in the mother tongue, or there are also different meanings of words that are newly born. and it is very difficult to translate them into one's own language.
There are also those who say that this is a sign that these goats have a disease, but the owner of these goats, said that they have no disease at all and are in good health.
Bah Lyngdoh raised the issue of the state government's intention to settle the border in the second phase and on this issue he demanded that the state government should bring together all the groups. those involved, for the purpose of consultation, before reaching the social border settlement agreement with Assam.
There will also be thunderstorms, with winds between 30 and 40 kilometers per hour.
Dr. Paul Msiza, President of the Baptist World Alliance (BWA), Head of the Baptist World Community, has decided to visit the state as a tourist and to visit the 150th Anniversary of the Church. Baptism in Lum Garo will start on the 8th of June in Rajasthan, Meghalaya.
“The Symbud Myntri Rangbah has given some suggestions after inspecting the Indira Canteens.
Shillong, November 12: After the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, strongly criticized the MLA of North Shillong and the VPP for opposing the allocation of 1.4 acres of land to the Hajrijans on the land of the Shillong Municipal Board, u Adelbert Nongrum today also criticized Prestone and the government as a whole.
“The Police Commissioner of Howrah has submitted a 54-page report, including other documents.
Nehemiah clearly states that he is eager to build this wall because he is eager for the work of God and is concerned about what is right when we think for a good cause.
He warned that if the government does not, it will witness strong protests in the future.
On 23-8-2021, two Khasi youths were shot dead by Assam police in this village and on 25-8-2021, Mawlasnai police were shot dead by Ulukunchi Assam police.
When I think carefully why our State has declined in many ways, the main reason is because of the lack of governance and the inability to produce rulers who have the skills. responsibility because the power of money works well during elections and makes it easy for the rich to win elections by deceiving them through once every five years programmes, pre-election charity and and other kinds of deceitfulness against the people.
Applications after this date will not be accepted.
At this meeting, the Central Body Leader also gave a speech of encouragement and encouragement to the new office bearers of the Seng so that they can move forward in their activities especially in relation to issues that affect the country and the nation.
It is also true that during the inspection to demarcate the border between Meghalaya and Assam, there was no public protest from the people living on the Meghalaya side, but only a few people, while Hundreds of people from Assam have been seen and it is not known where they come from.
Shillong, July 23: Members of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) Shillong Vibhag today held a march from Iewrynghep to Gorkha Pathshala Square to commemorate the 120th birth anniversary of Subhas Chandra Bose.
Dr.Yoowanka Lyngdoh, Ph.D.
After this, a group of journalists witnessed the Shad Nongkrem, a festival related to the identity of the Khasi in Meghalaya which is celebrated during the Synrai season in Smit.
He said that through this Rivers Festival, he expects the people of these two neighboring countries to trade khaba to increase their income especially those living in the border areas.
It is located in the village of Wahkhen, about 10 hours by foot.
Another issue raised by the VPP leaders is that the issue of their election campaign is not the power of money but to convince the people to elect their leaders in a transparent manner and by carefully considering the issues. being candidates not to be deceived by the power of money.
Traffic on the National Highway 37 (Imphal-Silchar Road) has been strictly enforced in areas that are more dangerous and have less security forces, the statement said.
Shillong: U Hilarious Warbah, the actor of the film Mon Ba Jwat, will contest the MDC election 2019 from the HSPDP Nongkrem constituency. two of me.
Shillong: The Jaintia Production will hold an Online Audition from July 2022 to July 30, 2022 and the Grand Finale will be held in June, 2022 at Jowai. The aim of Jaintia Production is to promote the talented singers of Jaintia Hills after Jaintia Production saw the success of Samla Daphihi Suchiang from West Jaintia Hills. India will qualify for the grand final in Dehradun.
Jowai, Nailar 25: The 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy of the 2nd Division Football Tournament 2023 was held today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. Southeast Jowai.
As per his duty, the Honorable MLA of 17 North Shillong has introduced the adjournment motion in the House and has expressed his views on this issue.
Jesus begins his teaching by saying, "Follow me".
If there are any elders from West Khasi Hills who have not received their names, but who remember that they were imprisoned during the protest for Hill State, please inform us on Their names shall be included in the list of those who have been imprisoned for the sake of the state.
FOCUS + was developed to benefit all farmers across Meghalaya.
The reason we found, according to the research, we found the poverty of families and the breakdown of families and many of the children who are kept in open shelters are the ones whose mothers have to carry them. children.
Executive Magistrate WK Kharbuki, DSP AJ Sangma, Laskein BDO B Niang and police were present on the occasion.
If there is no change, the opposition will have 14 members and 15 members of the EC led by Teinwel and Chairman Pynshngain.
One of the houses in 20 Mer, Ri-Bhoi district, owned by Bah Liana Rani and Kong Meltina Lyngdoh, is in danger of collapse. especially during this rainy season when heavy rains can come at any time.
Regarding the allegation by the 7 villages in the previous newspapers, the Raid Tynring falls under the Raid Raid Nongkrem, under the Hima Khyrim.
In the complaint, the Rambrai MLA said, “On that day, while I was traveling from Mawkhar to Garikhana, at 11 pm, at Motphran, Dy.SP (Traffic) W Momin, stopped my vehicle. When I introduced myself as an MLA and I can remove my ïit iong if necessary, the Dy.SP didn't respond at all. to remove the iong but he didn't do it”.
Shillong, Jymmang 1 : Police in Guwahati today seized 765 grams of heroin worth Rs 6 crore from the foreign market and arrested four persons.
Furthermore, it was said that this area has been longtrai by the state of Meghalaya on the basis of the dulir and voter papers.
He said that the Forest Department, when they have issued the rules according to the law, they cannot ban, but to prevent any problems related to the forest. Therefore, the Government of India has set rules that if they want to use a large amount of land, they must hold a public hearing through this rule. express your feelings there.
There has also been a delay in the responsibility,” said Bhattacharjee and added that even the District Council has not taken any measures to prevent such a threat.
Speaking at the programme, the Chief Guest explained the purpose and objectives of the exhibition and said that this is not a platform where the farmers of the district can showcase their crops. but it is also a platform for sharing knowledge among farmers from different parts of the district who cultivate and plant different crops.
Wasa played well from the start of the match and took the lead by two goals in the first half through the goals of George F Ryngkhlem (27) and Sanjini Dkhar (29).
If burned, the dpei may be added for the final ritual.
He said that other demands of the union are to expedite the construction of the college building which is still pending only in the preparation of the PWD (building) cost, to improve the road. to go to this college and to implement the Girls Hostel.
Shillong: The WE HOPE Foundation led by Samla Lucky Star Lamin (President), Secretary, Publicity Secretary and Beverly Suchen (Program Manager) on 05th November Speindaris and Spailin Jyrwa from Diengsyiang village, West Khasi Hills District have donated 1000 rupees to a poor family.
The group, which was established in 2006, has done a lot to ensure that the elections in Mizoram are clean and transparent without any financial interference.
He went around the country to meet the people and leaders and there was hope for the party," she said.
He said that the Academic Council does not formulate any policies before the start date.
Punjab Chief Minister Bhagwant Mann has been accused of being an alcoholic and in a television interview a few days ago, he said that in the past 12 years, he has and he was accused of drinking wine day and night.
“The aircraft from the Brahmaputra River will be able to land at the Umiam River, people will be able to visit and this will boost tourism and create job opportunities and benefit the area,” he said. to Nitin Gadkari.
These leaders are not statesmen but businessmen and do not care about the development of the people.
Looking at our State, what a tragedy like this where the disease has affected only one family and those who have close contacts with it.
K.DiengdohThere is a saying that religion cannot unite the nation.
As I said in the previous chapter, this top soil is an excellent fertilizer for all kinds of plants.
Ms Thangkhiew asked whether these markets have been opened or not and the answer from the EM was Yes, yes.
Nongstoin, Nailar 11: In a tragic incident, a young man has lost his life after being raped by his beloved mother.
Wanlamsuk Nongkhlaw of RUFC scored the first goal in the 9th minute of the first half and Rangdajied United FC won the match.
He said that up to 1000 home stays have been allocated for the community and identity and those home stays will work for a long time and not just do anything.
“There is a plan to introduce a National Register of Indian citizens which will help to identify those who have just entered India especially in this state,” he said.
“By sending women as candidates from both the constituencies, I think the NPP has no choice but to nominate women candidates from Shillong.
"I'm 200 percent confident of winning," he said.
Shillong, Naitung 9 : The National Green Tribunal (NGT) Eastern Zone Bench has ordered all 31 illegal coke factories in East Jaintia Hills to pay a fine of Rs 5,05,20,000 crore to the Meghalaya government for illegal coke. They have not received any permission from the MSPCB to set up these factories.
Supporters of NCP chief Sharad Pawar visited his residence in South Mumbai today, hours before the rally to show their support for him and Ajit. Pawar who left the party and became the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
The Director of Jan Shikshan Sansthan in his speech, encouraged the students who have received training from these courses to continue and participate in the training of the Online Tent Service Center. certificate) from the Ministry will be an opportunity for employment as well as assistance to stand on their own feet for the sake of the employment sector.
He said the meeting also decided to improve the information exchange between the two countries on various issues.
Pastor Khongsdir said that during the lockdown, the church authorities can no longer perform religious services, visit the deceased brothers and sisters and said that those who have not received the He said that during the lockdown, don't talk about it anymore, because don't just look at it. The body is not allowed to do so, especially if the deceased is one who has already been declared positive for covid.
Rishan Nongtri, said that the Sengbhalang leaders understand that when there is a plan to rebuild the road, there will always be a traffic jam, because all parts of the road will be affected. The contractor needs to take action to improve the situation as much as possible, as it has affected the traffic of the school children. .
Up to 10 teams from all over the district have participated in the tournament and the finalists are Dynamic CC and Super1
Expressing that the Government can no longer continue to raise funds for the MCCL, the Minister said that for the benefit of the employees and the budget, the Government has sought all the means. There is no way to go through a Joint Venture to run this government company.
Last year, Dev had filed a petition demanding exemption from napkin tax nationwide.
He said that the village has no information regarding the whereabouts of this man and about these crimes he has committed.
I didn't have the opportunity to meet PA Sangma more often, because when he was Prime Minister in 1988, I was just starting to write newspapers, although I remember that he was trained. to speak Khasi, at the time, when he was the prime minister, because he wanted to speak in Khasi, to the Khasi, who needed him and I remember the step, unfortunately, when he went to the dorbar. , but he resigned as prime minister in
Thank you baby Markus for your explanation, we are the leaders of Labang Nangphyllut, we don't have interest in the border issue.
On the 5th of July, there was a robbery and theft of firearms from a group of policemen at Toupokpi Police Outpost and Lilong Chajing, Imphal West.
The MDCs said that corruption has spread in the EC led by the NPP-UDP. The MDCs and BJP leaders from Jaintia Hills are also surprised that the CEM The JHADC, told the media that the money of the Council, is in the personal accounts of the Executive Members, which they quoted from the statement of the CEM, in an interview with the media, which “There is no money from the Council in my account,” he said.
KS Lyngdoh, the new President of the BJP in the state, is currently in Goa for the meeting of the party. , on the election of Narendra Modi as the BJP leader in the 2014 elections, could not be reached because his mobile phone was not available.
Then God saw that he was not alone in the garden.
He encouraged Mansa to write more books, as the card is still long and urged Mansa not to write only in English, but if she can write and to enrich the Khasi language.
Leaders of the Dorbar Shnong Lapangap including the Waheh Shnong Bah Deimonmi Lyngdoh, Bah Pyrkhat Pyrphet and leaders of three political parties were invited to the meeting. Dkhar, Chief Organizing Secretary of FKJGP Jaintia Hills Zone DS War and others led the residents of Lapangap Village and members of the Sengbhalang at least 400 people from Lapangap Village to the road under construction. new by the Assam Government within the boundary of Lapangap Village to the Bridge over the Umtyra River.
The Meghalaya Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association (MGSPHSVA) today alleged that the government has opposed the land vendors to start selling on the grounds that the land vendors do not you need to pay taxes to the government.
Do you have a rule about this?
Then, he turns to the subject of the Shad Suk Mynsiem and says, “The Shad Suk Mynsiem has many meanings, but the author says that it is only the Shad Suk Mynsiem”.
“What will you do, Mother, what else will Nia eat...” asked the Son. "Mei, I say, if Nia and Bakha go forward for the sake of Mabah's honor, we will let them run the shop again in the market," replied the mother. the thought of Khun.
Slamming the government for introducing this law in the state especially the proposal to set up a casino in Khanapara, Bah Donbok said that the state does not want to promote illegal activities such as prostitution, but the state needs educational institutions like Medical College and others.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, in his first speech as Finance Minister, did not raise any tax, which affects the people, except , only to increase the price of cigarettes and other tobacco products, which has been increased in the current budget.
Nongstoin, July 17: The Deputy Commissioner (Excise) of West Khasi Hills District Nongstoin, Bah Garod LSN Dykes IAS, has been arrested under Section 324-A of the ME Act. and Rules as adapted), has declared a Dry Day in all parts of West Khasi Hills District on the 26th of this month, due to the Republic Day of India. bars, hotels, bonded warehouses, hotels and bonded warehouses should close their shops on that day.
You are the ones who come to explain wisely and accuse without foundation.
Speaking at the meeting, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, Bah T.Lyngwa said that the main purpose of this day is to wake up those voters who have already voted. The Election Commission of the country has empowered us to elect our leaders according to our will and understanding without any discrimination. you are being forced.
All the information about Mobile Towers is available on the DoT website and portal where people can also request to test any mobile tower near them by paying a small fee.
Since the beginning of the implementation of this road through the contractors from the PWD Road department, it has been a road that has caused problems to the patients who have to enter the CHC, as well as to the children. Schools that have to pass through this road are not allowed.
However, he said that there may be some problems in the payment of taxes due to the lack of internet connection in Meghalaya because the network of BSNL is not sufficient. private companies to provide the network.
After this victory, India will finish their tournament in Rourkela by playing Australia again today (Tuesday).
Not only did the passengers take advantage of the bus conductors, but the journalist also found and witnessed this after boarding the fourth bus number MLO1-6 It was found that these bus conductors did not do what the people said.
As far as we know, Khasi literature was first written in 1824 when Sir Dr. William Carey of the Serampur Mission translated the Bible into Khasi (Shella) in Bengali characters.
There is too much conflict and division and it is difficult to implement even decisions.
A close friend is one who shares your sorrows and joys in times of happiness.
Before Christmas, the Governor of Meghalaya had signed the VAB of the JHADC as a sign of Christmas greeting to the JHADC. Once again to the Rangbah Shnongs who were sworn in on 10th November,
Education Secretary- Damehi Marcio Pasi 9.
“The government should take seriously the peace talks and there should be a strong follow-up that the HNLC should stop the recruitment of members and those members who are abroad should also return. no to the state.
And the theme of this year is, “CHRISTIAN HOUSEHOLDS AS THE LORD OF CHRIST”.
Speaking to reporters on 4th October, Conrad Sangma said that several political parties have come to talk to him to join the coalition government.
According to the Doh Traders Association, the price of Doh Masi has been increased due to the shortage of cows in the cow market in Khanapara. to 30 to 40 pieces per month for one meat shop owner.
For example, each school bus can carry 50 to 60 students and thus one bus is equivalent to 20 or 30 small vehicles, which will undoubtedly help in the congestion.
In a complaint signed by Enrico D Pasi President and General Secretary, AMTT said that the coal ban has not worked at all in East and West Jaintia Hills where coal trucks are coming every day. Coal transportation in parts of the state and to Assam.
Niakha Rida cried there and covered her head with her hands.
The High Court of Meghalaya has directed the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat to take immediate measures to place the man in his proper place. recognized by the government for access to health care.
The bridge has been allocated by the PWD department since April 2004 and has been awarded to a private company known as M/S RV Associate to complete the construction.
Mawphor: When do you think the youth of this region will be able to compete with other youth of India? Thouba: Our youth have talent, but they need adequate training facilities and adequate teaching methods. good.
After arriving at the hotel, she told Hemant, who was her boyfriend; and she shall wash herself, but she shall not come again.
Isawanda Laloo IAS, Director of Sports and Youth Affairs, was the chief guest on the occasion. She also distributed a check of 30,000/- tyngka to Mawlai. Laitkor, which came second, received 18,000/- tyngka.
The victory of Rymbai Iawpynsin in this league will give them the opportunity to represent East Jaintia Hills District in the Meghalaya State League
In the recent session of the Delhi Assembly, AAP MLAs expressed their concern after learning that the BJP intends to implement President's Rule in Delhi after Prime Minister Arvind Kejriwal.
The NCDIR develops, by participating in and implementing a variety of approaches based on new findings, to conduct/implement various programs to protect and care for patients.
The Missionaries when they came to our country did exactly what the Lord sent them.
MDC Mawlai Constituency Bah Teibor Pathaw also launched the song “Tur Shaphrang Shipai Ka Ri”.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Minister of Electricity, Bah Peter Lawai, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawryngkneng said that the increase in light bill in these areas has been excessive. There are some households who used to pay only T.250 tyngka for light, but now they have reached more than 10,000 tyngka. This is unacceptable at all.
“Even across the Khasi Jaintia Hills, we can see the presence of these illegal gates, but the state government has not taken action in this regard,” he said.
This is the state of Meghalaya.
Since those years, the Khasi Hills has been subjected to a long period of slavery by the French, and the Dkhars have been lyngkien in the city and in the countryside, bringing trouble to the indigenous people. I don't have a suwan.
The Seinraij Tuber on Tuesday lodged a complaint against a man who has accused the people of religious discrimination.
Anjali Jain was married to Sidhiqui at the Arya Samaj Temple in Raipur on 25th June 2018, according to Hindu rituals.
Former United Democratic Party (UDP) leader Bindo M Lanong has said that he has not yet taken a decision on whether to contest the MDC elections in judge if there is pressure from his supporters.
Speaking at the last tribute to Purno A Sangma, the Chief Minister said that PA Sangma was an instrument to unite Meghalaya, especially Garo Hills and the world.
According to police sources, three members of the group entered the Nengkong market, 40 km from Baghmara, and tried to threaten the people by demanding money at 30 pm.
He said that it is a shame for the state that the teachers whom we know are the builders of the society and whom we respect for the work they do as those teachers who promote education. education and knowledge and without knowing the dignity they have they have to come out like dogs, pigs and animals to sleep on the streets just because they demand justice that the government has ignored the work they are doing to bring light to the state.
“At first, I didn't like to go to these training centres, because I was shy and didn't know much language, but now I am brave and ready to go abroad,” said a young woman from Mawthadraishan Block.
These departments of the government have been closed down in the past as the days go by, they have become increasingly closed down.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, Chairman of the GTC on 27th March in Guwahati at 2:30 pm. The High Level Committee (HLC) on themetor, he said, will meet soon after receiving the documents.
For then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be.
Bremley said that Khasi youths are looking for jobs outside the state and even abroad, such as abroad, America. , because they have to work hard to survive” and he said, “But when they come back, they are like being thrown inside.
The State Government has recently announced that the GHADC elections will be held on 9th June
In 2022, she has the opportunity to compete for the first time in a tournament organized by the West Jaintia Adventure Cycling Association in Jowai.
Spray waste (SSP) – 7.5 kgs.
The reason was after the missiles from the Gaza Strip, struck Israeli territory, in what was believed to be a terrible attack by Israeli forces. Palestine, since 2014.
Furthermore, during their meeting with the Prime Minister, the Chief Executive Members submitted a petition to him on the issue of the letter from the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA), the need for the State Government to prepare for the many laws to regulate influx, infiltration; Trade through Border Hats on the border of India and Bangladesh, the issue of the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act in relation to them and the issue of the 11 Hima/Elaka on the border of Assam to collect revenue and register Land Holdings including annual renewal fee and registration fee from those people in the border areas who have old documents in the Assam -Meghalaya Boundary To create opportunities to assist the people due to the decline in trade due to the lack of tourists due to the protests. To urge the State Government to create opportunities to talk to all the people including civil society, through free talks. by buh rules.
“If I am an MP, I will bring Rs 400-500 crore.
Riewhadem farmers should remember that in one riewhadem cup they can see symbols of different colours.
“NESO will continue to remember to celebrate the 11th of November as a dark day for the North East,” said the NESO leader. The Government of India, which is the people of the North East, has strongly opposed the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA).
I don't want to waste my time because we were all born and raised in Meghalaya, we understand and know better than anyone else,” he said.
Therefore, it was decided to hold a Common Platform and that this work cannot be completed overnight.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has alleged that the MDA-II government has allowed only people who have connections with the country to mine minerals. not close to you.
In his speech, Fr Richard said that this church decision has not brought about any change in the traditional teaching of marriage and the laws of the church that marriage should be between a man and a woman. and said that those who marry from the same sex can only receive the blessing prayer that the priests give to those who ask for blessings from the hands of the priest.
“We will ensure that the government should not issue Work Permits to Bangladeshis in our state, which is a small state and needs protection from the infiltration of foreigners,” said Dr. Mukul. Try.
He wrote and performed a song called 'Mei Mariang' from the album 'Sai-thainki Sur' in Khasi-Cymru which was released in 2021 at Naxos World.
Shillong, Jymmang 05 : The Nongkhyriem Winter Games 2023 have ended with a lot of joy and happiness after the closing ceremony at St Xavier School, Nongkhyriem on the 4th of June,
In order to strengthen the party in Mawryngkneng Constituency, the meeting also decided to appoint Bah Andrew Sohlang as Convener and Bah Wyraiwan Sohtun as Co-Convener.
The scheme was approved by the Prime Minister Arvind Kejriwal last month.
Shortness of breath, shortness of breath, chest pain and fatigue are the most common symptoms of atrial fibrillation.
The salary of a Grade IV peon shall not exceed 30,000 tyngka per month and the salary of a Grade A peon shall not exceed 90,000 thousand per month.
Next hold Cherry Blossom Fest in Cherrapunjee.
Arunachal Pradesh won only one medal in both categories, while Sikkim won five silver and one bronze medals and Mizoram won only one silver.
Hamris Pakem, expressed his gratitude to God, who has given him the opportunity to open this hotel and said that this is a victory for him, as well as his family, the community. .
Lucknow, June 25: Yoga teacher Baba Ramdev today slammed Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi for saying that Rahul Gandhi often visits the homes of non-Muslims. jait ba poh, just to tell stories about the spending of time by the couple.
The GS of FKJGP, said that the PHC in Mawkliaw is a PHC which can provide services to many villages under the jurisdiction of the PHC, but he said that there are villages which are farther away from the PHC. Mawkliaw Village needs the government to set up two more Sub-Centres in the villages below Mawkliaw. He said that the most needed Sub-Centres are in Nongjri and Suktia.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: The BSF troops in Jaintia Hills have distributed medicines at Byndihat village in East Jaintia Hills where more than 660 people have received medical assistance from the troops.
It needs that strong force to fight against these secret plans of the ruling political party.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Legislative Assembly has refused to discuss the Amendment Bill introduced by Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA VPP from North Shillong to strengthen the functioning of the Lokayukta.
“I thought you had asked me to call you quickly; Deisy said, “I don't think so because I love you, I come whenever I can, only if I don't have time for such invitations to come to the feast, except to the house of my closest friends.
Now, when the Euphrates River flows, we know that that age is near.
Those who wish to apply can submit their applications to the office of the District Transport Officer, Jowai. 2022.
The announcement by the Civil Hospital Shillong that he has tested positive for COVID-19 after the burial of his body has shocked and affected the relatives, friends and the community.
They also demanded that when buying gold, you need to show your pan card, but only if it exceeds T.5 lakh, from T.2 lakh.
HANM demands that the government should arrest these trucks and at the same time the HANM urges the contractor to complete the work within November
God did not create the universe merely to satisfy the greed and desires of a few people.
It is up to man to minutely – adorn and establish his spirituality from his human path – like a clear sword to his Shareholder – put-part, together with the Spirit.
“However, it is gratifying that the debates in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly have been conducted in a smooth manner despite the differences in the debates but the members have maintained the dignity of the House,” he said. said Thomas.
It was not until 2022 that the HNLC agreed to send five of its members under the leadership of the Vice Chairman to start talks with the Governments.
Since the implementation of the Down Sizing Act in 2004, the appointment of Chairman has increased, especially in Meghalaya. , in which to date there are more than 100 politicians holding the posts of Post Chairman, Co-Chairman, Deputy Chairman, Vice Chairman and others.
The Lamp Lighting and Oath Taking shows the renewal of the determination of the nursing students and also to bring joy, hope and peace to the sick, the suffering and the suffering. while Graduation is the time when graduates begin to provide clinical and community services.
When it comes to corruption, this is an area that everyone likes to talk about especially to get criticism whether it is in the homes, villages and even in various workplaces. in the city even in the countryside.
He said the BJP government in Delhi and Meghalaya has not taken any note of the HNLC's proposal and does not believe in the needs of the North East.
The first coming and those prophecies were fulfilled.
“We will decide on this soon at the Cabinet meeting,” Prestone said.
At the same time, the MDA 2.0 government should not allow Assam too much in the demarcation of the remaining seven constituencies.
Mawryngkneng, 15 Nailur: KSU Mawryngkneng Circle on Tuesday elected and confirmed its new office bearers for the term 2014-2016 at a meeting held at the office. of Mawryngkneng Cultural & Sports Club, Mawryngkneng.
Beef and pork are also ones you can include.
“In the UDP there is no High Command, there is no Big Boss like others.
In the semi final match played at the SSA Polo Stadium on Tuesday, PFR beat Meghalaya Police FT 1-0
Conrad's Propagandaists were published in the French media.
The Cabinet meeting started at 12:30 pm and most of the journalists arrived at 12:30 pm to attend the Cabinet meeting.
It is worth mentioning that this village is located on the border with Assam, which is regularly harassed by the Assam police.
Helen Keller said: A truly blind person at Christmas is a person who does not have Christmas in his heart.
An order has been issued to prosecute those who disrupted the trial and the Delhi Police has been directed to search for those who disrupted the proceedings.
Their contribution and dedication in many areas will be remembered forever, said the statement.
The distance should be about 10 inches from corner to corner, and so on.
This happened in the state of what we now call Kerala.
She said that she believes that these nurses who came to take part are agents of change who bring about change in the society in the way of providing health care.
Khimusniang scored 65 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 14.5 overs.
Whether it pays off will be something we’ll have to see.
The winners are completely lost and the winners do and decide as they please.
The farmers themselves have to do this in the fields in order to know and take into account and prepare the records they find in their fields.
The FKJGP leader said that the FKJGP has received information that in Majai, a foreigner has built a shopping complex on the land in the name of the FKJGP. the Land Transfer Act.
“I will continue to demand the construction of a railway line to Baghmara as this will be a railway line that will continue to other parts of India.
Government sources said that the Chief Minister together with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah have already met with the Defense Minister, Rajnath Singh for the handover of 2.5 acres of land. you are a soldier to the state government.
From the water – “He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved” Mark 16:1
These Social Media Team leaders are responsible for 55 constituencies in terms of disseminating information related to the activities and objectives of the BJP. Ernest Mawrie said that there have been people who have tried to defame the party, who have spread inappropriate pictures, which allege that the BJP hates the minorities.
Looking back at the fifth edition of the Meghalaya Games, which was held for the first time in Tura, it was a big tournament, with 23 Olympic sports and more than 3000 athletes participating. The fourth phase of the Meghalaya Games which was held in Shillong, had only 19 sports and about 2500 participants.
Jowai, Naitung 31: One of the NGOs 'Khooid Ya ka Wah Myntdu' has seized trucks and JCBs which were quarrying stone from parts of Wah Myntdu on the evening of 18th November.
According to information received, the reason is that the Prime Minister is not in the state these days, but is abroad.
It was on 5/5/2005 at a meeting of the AASU, the Government of India and the Government of Assam led by Dr. Man Mohan Singh that it was agreed to start the NRC in September
This will lead to national injury.
The end is near.
The MCA said that the cost of the tournament will reach more than Rs 1 crore. The MCA said that it has received financial support from the Directorate of Sports and also from the The All India Chess Federation (ABC) has decided to hold this tournament in a smooth manner.
The youth of this North East can speak English well and can work easily,” he said.
Where is the city? where is the writer? Where is he that judgeth this world? Has not God made foolish the wisdom of this world?” (1 Corinthians 1:19-20).
Investigation into the shopkeeper in Ïewduh revealed that the gold was smuggled across the India-Bangladesh border.
In his speech, DC Abhilash Baranwal said that this is the time for the youth to think about getting a healthy body.
Lucifer Satan said, “I am God, I dwell in the throne of God, in the midst of the seas”.
There are currently 932 policemen in quarantine.
The National Medicinal Plants Board (NMPB) has approved 2.25 lakh hectares of land for the cultivation of herbal plants. herbal medicines in the next two years at a cost of Rs 4000 crore§ It will lead to the potential of generating Rs 5,000 crore income for farmers§ Local Mandi operation for herbal medicines.
They said that it is not known what these trucks are carrying and it is not known how much weight they are carrying. This is because their movement is only at night and the movement is slow, which suggests that they are carrying heavy loads in these trucks.
The Containment Zone at Patharkhmah will be closed from 26th to 6th November 2021, while Nongsder Block I will be closed from 26th to 30th July.
Other kinds of drinks shall not be mentioned.
KAS held a meeting at St. Anthony's Auditorium Shillong in the presence of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly to take part in the celebration of the death anniversary of the Myllung of the jaitbynriew.
He said that he had spoken in the House that there was illegal mining of coal but the government had denied it but it was not until a fine of T.100 crore was imposed that it would be revealed.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi to visit Tamil Nadu on 27th and 28th June to attend government and party programs in Tiruppur, Madurai, Thoothukudi , and Tirunelveli district.
During the search operation, the BSF found the 9 horses and handed over the horses and the truck to the police for further investigation. what you need.
At 10:30 pm, Pastor R.K.Wanniang conducted the service followed by the opening prayer by T.Bn.
The Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) has appealed to the State Government to set up a Government College in Khliehriat for the students of East Jaintia Hills District. you are my demand.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2: The political situation in Nongstoiñ has started to blow up after the people have received accurate information on the candidates who will contest the elections.
Rejecting the spread of false news about the party, TMC candidate from Resubelpara Rinaldo said, “The BJP and TMC cannot be together because the TMC has its own different agenda. .
Don't be afraid, don't hesitate to get treatment while there is still time.
The Minister said that initially the Online System will cover only the villages in the city and gradually it will be extended to the state in the coming months.
Zubair, arrested from Pune, has been convicted of collaborating with ISIS Shimoga, which was previously detained.
The District Administration of West Garo Hills has immediately imposed a night curfew to curb the incident and maintain peace and order.
She demanded that a judicial inquiry be conducted into the incident and that those involved be punished.
Speeches by Minister Kharlukhi and Minister Langstieh who gave their support to the party to continue to grow in the service of the country and the nation.
Dhotre Sanjay Shamrao – Minister of State in the Ministry of Human Resource Development; Minister of State in the Ministry of Communications; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology14.
“In public administration there is always a place to express your dignity and if you don't agree, you can write a letter to explain or express your opposition in other ways or come to Shillong Press Club to express your disagreement or Write to the newspapers and there are many ways to resolve a problem that you don't agree with when you think someone has written wrong to you,” said Kong Patricia.
Since the 21 day lockdown was imposed to prevent the spread of COVID-19, the lives of people from the poorest to the richest have been severely affected. Suddenly, not only the poor but also the big businessmen were surprised, many offices were closed especially schools which have been closed until these days.
In 2014, India embarked on a new journey, when it launched activities and measures to become an Open-Defecation Free (ODF) country.
That wandering of the prodigal son meant night and his new life when he repented meant day.
Bah Pasi said that these Dkhars have increased to more than 3,000 voters in the area and counting those who do not have votes. bun thousand.
According to the BJP President, the heroes whom the party will honor from the state are Tirot Sing Syiem, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Kiang Nangbah, Pnar fighter and Pa Togan Sangma. you are rich in Garo.
Dibait Rymbai passed away suddenly at 7:20 PM at Woodland WK Hospital, Sabahmuswang.
This is the case throughout India.
During the rainy season, many soh and pai are produced, especially sohniamtra.
"It's been a long time, Father..." said the mother.
On this occasion, Bah Nongpoh said that RUPA supports the construction of a cross on this stone as it is the best deed that man has done to expel the demons who live on this stone. stone.
If we make a mistake in 2023, the future of our children will be lost.
Shillong, June 14: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Friday strongly condemned the arrest of two church workers of the Presbyterian Church, Rev RG Laloo and Tbn T Nongkhlaw during a visit to The incident occurred on Tuesday in Bihar by a group of unidentified persons.
The budget looks into infrastructure provision, where districts can get up to T 16 lakh to start plastic treatment plants, T. 230 per capita to build generated waste treatment plants from toilets, and T.50 lakh for the construction of GOBAR-Dhan sites.
At present, the UDP has three candidates who have applied for tickets to contest the 2023 elections, but the UDP Pynursla Circle is still considering who will be given the tickets. Whoever sends it will win and the party will be able to hold the constituency.
Police fired batons and took away some of the protesters to stop the protest.
Expressing his satisfaction that Trinamool Congress MP Sudip Bandhopadhay has moved the Lok Sabha to demand the inclusion of Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Constitution of India, Dr. Nonglait said that The support of various parties, including the Resolution passed by the Legislative Assembly and the speeches of MPs from the state in Parliament, shows that India has recognized the need to recognize the Khasi Language in the Constitution. the government of India.
At 10 pm, the service was conducted by Rev.L.Manner and the speaker was Rev.TW Wanshong. At 1:30 pm, the service was conducted by Rev.L.Manner. Dr.S.Hayong and the speaker was Rev.HK Nongbsap and at 6:30 pm the service was conducted by Rev.HS Rapthap and the speaker was Rev.RM Muktieh.
Meanwhile, the CEO said that the Election Department has arrested three foreigners who have registered themselves as voters in the state.
Therefore, those leaders need to take action now.
There were 18 male and female athletes honored including 4 gold medalists, 10 silver medalists, 8 bronze medalists and 3 coaches.
“We wanted to invite them (HPC) to talk but they asked for time,” Dhar told reporters.
Together with the little boy, they sat on the bed, because they couldn't even go down to the ground, because it was full of water.
Speech was also delivered by Bah A.Shangpliang, one of the Rangbah Kur Shangpliang of Sohra area who explained the progress of the Kur Shangpliang in Sohra area and who also appealed to the leaders of the Shangpliang Kur. to establish Units in many places.
Shillong: The 1st Meghalaya State Kickboxing Championship cum 3rd Meghalaya State Kickboxing Trial 2918 ended today.
I myself have been asking and basing myself on what agriculture means.
The OBC Morcha also held a meeting in Nongpoh, led by Maneshwar Singh, in the presence of Dell General Secretary East Khasi Hills and OBC President Arun Kumar.
He expressed his regret that four years of his MLA tenure has passed but he has not been able to donate to the school but this time he will set up a special scheme as a sign of his involvement. “I am very sorry that for four years now I have not had the opportunity to join you, I also announce that I have set aside a special scheme in 2017-2018 of T.5 lakh for this school,” said Bah Titos.
Dalu constituency has the lowest number of voters with 22,099 voters including 10,982 males and 11,117 females.
This Tymmen is the truth, and she doesn't like to live together in the village because it is full of lies and lies.
This road not only affects the tourists, but the most affected are the villages that use to pass through this road and these include Mawkhmahrang, Umdum, Dombah, Marwir, Mawpon, Umjakoit, Domche and Laodicea.
The VPP has written a letter to the Prime Minister demanding that he intervene and cancel the contract signed by the GAD (A) department of the state government to provide the Commercial Complex. Meghalaya House Kolkata is a company.
Bernard Marak, who is the Vice President of the BJP, won the Tura seat.
It is a great honor to lead the All India Football Federation and the country as a whole.
In the U-12 category, Langsning will face Rangdajied after beating Mawlatbah (Smit) 2-0
Shillong, July 24: BSF troops of the 110 Battalion on Tuesday conducted a search operation and seized a vehicle near Bholaganj village near the border with It is located in the East Khasi Hills District.
The company has been involved in the construction of major projects such as the Dhola-Sadiya Bridge, Bogibeel Bridge and Indian Air Force airfields as well as roads across the country. especially in border areas.
On the opening day, two matches were played, one between Mawkohmoit and Eitser Mawjaih where Mawkohmoit won by 8 goals to 0 and the other between Shiliangktieh and Eitser. The match ended in a 1-1 draw.
Police have taken this step to impose fines to prevent accidents.
Besides these two goals, Pohkseh SC secured the victory through the third goal by Bradley Kharkongor in the 60th minute.
This was stated by Bah Banteidor at the opening ceremony of the new building of the Thynroit Presbyterian Secondary School on July 13, 2023 at Thynroit.
Through the test, which was conducted today, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, confirmed that the person, has been in good health and this shows that the state, does not have any more coronavirus disease.
According to the census, about 75% to 80% of the farmers in Meghalaya are farmers who live by agriculture.
Last month, the Prime Minister spoke to the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma on the allegation of violence by the United People's Front of Karbi Longri (UPFKL) against the government. On the other hand, Conrad said that there has been a proposal to inspect these border areas on the 15th of this month.
The people distinguished the manner of walking and standing of this old man who was walking in the hills while the shepherds were grazing their cows, and because he was an unknown foreigner they accused him that he was a Menshohnoh and they bombed him from village to village.
In his career to date, he has commanded a front line fighter squadron and a pilot training centre.
After a thorough investigation by the managers, it was found that only 14 persons have labor license issued by KHADC, 15 persons at SM Poly Park and 35 persons at Mawlong Saw-Cum Veneer Mill. Most of them are from Upper Assam.
Regarding the election, the CEC has directed the Districts and Circles to work hard for the MP and ADCs candidates.
Smile on my face, To tar to break the pride, Only the humility of life, To give others encouragement.
In the 60-65 Kg category, Donbok Sangriang of 300 Gym Nongstoiñ won the second place, Banbhabok L.Nongrang of The Royal Gym won the second place and the fourth place went to Banbhabok L.Nongrang of The Royal Gym. Raj Kumar Saha's Lion's Den Unisex Fitness Center Tura.
These 20 percent are important in deciding the election of a leader who will lead the country, the nation and the state as a whole.
Shillong: The KHNAM State Youth Wing under the leadership of its President Bah Thomas Passah today visited the KHNAM State Youth Wing to collect Labor License for foreigners working in various projects in the region. Ready.
Deibor Suchiang has raped a mother on the 20th of this month at Ladrymbai Dongwah. He has raped a mother while she was with him. and her friend were returning from the coal mine at Moowakhu near Dkhiah.
They were employed by Saikia Company in Assam.
When you don’t get injected, you don’t just affect yourself, but others.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of Ri-Bhoi District, Ri-Bhoi District, has declared the Umiam F&ES Building and quarters as a quarantine facility due to the presence of Covid-1 The Micro-Containment Zone, which will be in operation from the 24th to the 27th of this month.
Sohryngkham won the first prize with a cash prize of T.20,000 and a trophy while Langsning won the second prize with T.10,000 and a trophy.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Rutherford Lyngdoh said that this is the beginning of the protest because the government has not taken care of the health of the people.
She also met with the leaders of the NPP Sutnga Saipung Block.
Speaking to Rupang, Pa'iem Latho said that the Hima Mylliem has not recognized the Rangbah Shnong of these three villages and gradually the Hima will be able to complete the remaining works. it is still trying to resolve these issues.
On 22nd October, the District authorities of East Jaintia Hills have warned against any activity related to the mining, illegal dumping of coal in any part of the District.
The Chairman of MCCL, Bah Wailadmi Shylla, today announced that the government intends to hand over the Mawmluh Cherra Cements Ltd (MCCL) to private companies. Bhavika Commercial Private Limited (BCPL), a Kolkata company.
The order came into force on Tuesday and was informed by the drivers of maxi cabs who met with the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) for clarification. They have been banned from Khyndai Lad and Motphran.
Therefore, it is necessary to obtain a Public Performance License from the RMPL under the Copyright Act, 1957 for the use of copyrighted music especially in Events/Programmes held in public places or venues within the district.
As the NPP Spokesperson claims that retired employees cannot become employees of the Lokayukta, is this in accordance with the provisions of the Lokayukta Act? This is a complete lie as if the people of the state are stupid and don't have the brain to find out the truth.
“According to the Longkmie, it is said that Pynshai Nongrang, used to harass her and her children, where at times he shot and beat not only her, but also her children. “It's for that reason that we invited her to stay in Raitong, a village where there are relatives,” said the relatives. “When she came to stay in Raitong, we didn't hear anymore. We don't see that this man will come to stay in the house where this Longkmie lives, but only occasionally we see him.
This is their trick so that if they show the party's flag, the people who see it will say that it is this party that is involved,” said Thabah.
The Designated Driver Shillong was inaugurated by the Minister of State, Bah Alexander Laloo Hek on the 8th of this month at the Shillong Press Club.
Aitilin stood up to greet Hiram's mother and father and left the house and was followed by Hiram.
Checks were also distributed to 40 Producer Groups with a budget of T.25 lakh each, and momentous prizes were distributed to 10 Self Help Groups. Groups and also to 5 Village Organizations for their ability to exhibit the best products at this SHGs Mela.
“When a person is arrested by the police, it means that he will be protected before being tried by the court, but such tragic incidents cannot be accepted by the society,” he said. said Gash.
who among you Christians can endure?
“How can you understand the problems of the people if you don't listen carefully, how can the lawyers explain the cases briefly,” said Bah Shylla.
Kongthong Village in East Khasi Hills District has been awarded the “Best Village” award for its use of music and dance when calling people especially when in the forest. Tourism Village” (Bronze) in the National Tourism Awards 2023 organized annually by the Ministry of Tourism, Government of India.
“(We) request you to look into the post Group B & C at NEIGRIHMS where we have received information that the residents of this village who are contesting examinations from the state will be allowed to write examinations. KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah said in a letter to the Lyngdoh.
Last year, the festival had to be canceled due to an incident in Mukroh village in which six people were shot dead, five from Meghalaya and one Forest Guard from Assam. .
The union said that they can speak and convey what they have to convey but no one can speak too much which can insult or create ways to insult and to discourage something that people work hard for the good of the people.
The Nokma of the Garo are very different from the Rangbah Shnong/Waheh Shnong of us Khasi and the Garo do not have those Syiems in the Hima, Sordar/Dalloi etc. in the Raids like us Khasi. .
On the debate on the name of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, he said, “For my part, I am pleased to see the debate on social media about the name of this district. “It's not like I'm going to be able to register in Eastern West Khasi Hills District,” he said.
Now these two countries have agreed on the height of this great mountain of the world.
Conrad Sana took another wicket.
Continuous heavy rains have caused the Narmada Dam and nine reservoirs to flood for the second time since Tuesday last month.
Ma S Quotient Sumer, said that besides this story of these two, there is another story about Swet and Sangari which has its own story about the nature of people.
According to the criminal complaint, John immediately entered the room, locked the room and assaulted the victim who was sleeping with his wife. laid on the ground and tied with a chain up to 3 times.
“We as the residents and as the children of the Hima, we don't trust this Syiem anymore because he is a stone, he is also a disturber of the village and he is also a destroyer of peace and order in the community. region and in the Hima as a whole," he said.
Students who have passed the NEET-UG examination conducted by the NTA have alleged that they have not been able to conduct the examination at the Jowai Centre, St. Mary Mazzarello Girls Higher Secondary School, Jowai.
Rotary presented a certificate of appreciation to the Waheh Shnong of Mihmyntdu, Abul Phawa in the presence of other members of Mihmyntdu.
The scheme will provide water to 12,000 residents and is scheduled to be completed within two years.
But those who came did not go back.
The students also carried placards with the slogans “Dih Duma felt like actors but they didn't know that they were Tor”, “Bam Raja la I'm an actress but I don't know what happened.
He praised the management of the college for succeeding in this service by saying, “When you plant a soh tree, you will get after 10 years, when you plant a tree, you will get after 10 years and when you plant education, you plant the next generation".
The meeting also decided to convene a larger farmers' meeting later.
The penalty kick was taken by Fullmoon who appeared as the captain of the match and in his throw of the ball, although he sent it in the same direction as the goalkeeper expected but Shambu Mistry. After this, Mawlai had two more chances but the Nangkiew goalkeeper managed to block the ball. Donlad Diengdoh's goal in the 33rd minute.
Shillong: The Indian Meteorological Department (MDM) has warned that heavy rainfall is expected in Shillong and surrounding areas in the next 24 hours.
" Others, "I don't know, others: "Tip kein!" Those who think that there are, think that strange creatures live there, or creatures that are like puri.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai in collaboration with the District Sports Officer and the District Sports Promotion Society organized a Run for Unity. it was Monday.
It was decided that the no entry from Mission Hospital to Kynruhsaphlang has been cancelled.
Dr Stephen O'Keefe, a leading researcher at the University of Pittsburgh, said: “Within two months, the change in diet from the Western diet to the traditional African diet A high-fiber, low-fat diet reduces these key signs of cancer risk, indicating that it's not too late to change or renew that risk of colon cancer. .
L.Niang scored the second goal in the 52nd minute to secure the victory.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) today announced 17 candidates for the 2021 MDC elections in the Garo District Council.
They were the ones who called Bah Emanuel and shot him in remote places.
It will cause trouble to the people if the money is changed too much. They are requested to change what has already been done.
There is always a thought that Assam should return the land from Block-I and Block-II to Meghalaya.
The department has released T.27.20 crore to Meghalaya on the recommendation of the Ministry of Home Affairs.
The word “Holy” comes from the Greek word “Hagios” which means (i) Set apart (ii) Sanctified (iii) Consecrated for the sake of God (Consecrated).
We are living in what we know as the “Neo Liberal Era”, an era of poverty (now around the world we find that there are 1% rich and 99% poor), an era of which introduced a new form of slavery to other people, an era of belief in the culture that the rich get richer and the poor get poorer and created a terrible gap between people.
This was stated by the President of KSU Laban Circle, Samla Ruben Najiar, while talking to media after the inspection of Mahadev Khola in the presence of Bah SM Lyngdoh, Range Officer, Forest Department. and police forces.
If there is a border and if there is no border with Assam, the law must protect it because there is a border but as it is now it is light and if Assam crosses the border, nothing can be done. spirit yes.
Initially, only the residents of the village and some of the Sengbhalang leaders expressed their opposition, but later on, others came, including the party leaders, the leaders of the party. sain hima sima and as it is now, it has been seen that this issue has increased, because almost every day there are people from other places who come to support the people in this village, who have expressed its opposition to the transfer of some land of the village to Assam.
Kiang is the son of Rimaai Nangbah and the son of Weipun Doh.
“Even the demons believe, but tremble.
If we don't think, racism (because of work) can enter Khasi society! We are very fortunate to have a prominent national example among us “Ka Mawlynnong”!! Is it the Khar Metor who have made this village awarded the title of “The cleanest village in Asia”? – Some Trip Advisors have written “Mawlynnong, the holiest village in the world” – it is the Khasi who have brought glory to this village.
The Government said that all the drawings related to the complex, including the well, have already been approved by people belonging to public institutions.
In this competition, it will help the writers to improve their skills and gain more ideas through the sharing of information with others from all over the country.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh of the UDP as the common candidate of the MDA government has been defeated by Vincent Pala of the Congress party while his son Dr Donkupar Roy has been defeated by Bah Vincent Pala of the Congress party. Balajied Kupar Synrem has won the Shella bye election.
Nevertheless, that experience enabled them to endure and endure to the point of death.
Speaking at the public meeting, Prestone said the wind of the NPP is blowing across Garo Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
The Central Government has allocated funds to cover the shortcomings in the implementation of the GST and has also approved the States which have chosen Option I to charge 0.50% of the Gross States Domestic Product. (GSDP) so that they can generate revenue.
And there will be about 5,00,000 young people of Hynniewtrep who will be able to join the Khasei Khasai Father by
Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy.
“We have been able to hand over the reports prepared by the Regional Committees led by Prestone Tynsong on behalf of Meghalaya and the Regional Committee of Assam. The border between Assam and Meghalaya has been closed,” he said.
“During my visit to Delhi, along with meetings with other officers and ministers, I will also meet with MHA officials to work on the proposal to talk peace with the HNLC,” he said.
This terrible inheritance of ours has appeared as if righteousness has fled from mankind.
Shillong, November 18 : The BCCI has announced the tender for the construction of indoor cricket training centers in Meghalaya and three states of the North East.
Shillong, June 9: The FKJGP will hold a rally by car on the 11th June. The rally will start from Mawlai Motsyiar and will run throughout Shillong and end at Dinam Hall.
Before the ceremony, a speech and prayer was held to condole the loss of Shailinia and to drive away the evil from this Khasi land.
Furthermore, all shops, offices and banks in Umthlong Village will be closed immediately and anyone who violates this order will be punished according to the provisions of the Disaster Management Act, 2005 and the IPC. India has reported 2.63 lakh cases and 4,329 deaths.
Nongstoiñ: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills District, led by Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, on Saturday raided the Shree Shakhambari Ferro Alloy Pvt Ltd. Riwiang for the purpose of checking whether the foreigners working inside the factory have the necessary documents such as Labor License from KHADC and NRC for the workers from Assam.
The unidentified persons sent a threatening letter to two lawyers of the Meghalaya High Court, and inside the letter were also attached two bullets.
Four leaders have come to lead the HNLC and today they also met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong.
He urged the people that in democracy, the people should be wise to elect their parties or leaders. marwei, because of the wisdom of the people of the country.
At the same time, the school also honored 5 teachers who have been teaching for 25 years with the school, including P.Rynjah, Principal, N.Nong Siej, L. Kharsyntiew, Mrs. S. Thabah and Mrs. Sawkmie.
BJP candidate Kong Arena said that she has come forward to seek the support of the people to empower her on the grounds that she cannot just look at the plight of the poor in the area. especially during the time when the COVID-19 pandemic has struck the state so much that it has affected many families and has caused it to reach out as much as it can to deliver relief.
He also urged all to not only look forward to government jobs but to create other sources of income.
On behalf of them, he wished the family to be healthy and strong in the future with the blessings of God from above.
Speaking to reporters, Congress MP Guarav Gogoi from Assam said that the ethnic parties are agents of the BJP to give it a place in the state.
He said the AICC is the judge of whether its actions will be against the Congress party when the party leaders have failed to respect the feelings of the people.
Speaking to reporters, Anthony Suchiang and Herroi Nongrum, leaders of SS Nongpoh Pyllun, said that as a new group, SS Nongpoh Pyllun, which is also one of the most affected areas, said that and that is why they have taken stronger measures and focused on curbing the illegal entry of foreigners.
They should understand that we will not allow them to do any business if they do not have a Trading Licence.
wholesalers.
Besides, those involved in the assault on women and children by touching and raping, threatening and others, have already been charged under the POCSO Act and those involved in committing these acts. robbers against women, children and the elderly, cannot escape imprisonment for many decades.
The incident happened on Friday at Nongtalang Thymmai, Amlarem Sub Division.
Then the king Ahasuerus said unto Esther the queen and to Mordecai the Jew, Behold, I have given Esther the house of Haman, and him they have hanged upon the gallows, because he was the enemy of the Jews. .
Joshua has returned to the boxing industry after suffering two defeats against Oleksandr Usyk, where the British boxer has just been defeated in front of Oleksandr Usyk. Ukraine was born in Saudi Arabia in April last year.
The CEO said that the EC has received more than 60 complaints of violation of the Model Code of Conduct through C-Vigil and others. Police on the morning of the 17th of this month have found several bodies. A group of people from Assam have been killed in a dense forest in parts of East Garo Hills District.
Shillong Lajong FC have dropped to fourth position, while Ambernath have moved up to top position after beating Delhi FC and SLFC by two goals. In the second leg of the tournament, Delhi FC beat United SC 3-2 in Kolkata.
Therefore, this is an important part of strengthening and empowering the Jaidbynriew and is also the main reason to strengthen and unite the Jaidbynriew (Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War).
Shillong: The State Government has expressed its desire to hold a three-way talks between the State Government, the Central Government and the HNLC. Tynsong said the central government needs to participate in the discussion on the HNLC's proposal. “This is not only in the power of the state government but also in the central government.
Jowai, Nailar 4: U Rangbah Shnong of Madur village in West Jaintia Hills has been seriously injured after a suspected murderer attacked him while the residents of the village, under the leadership of the Rangbah. Police are searching for the suspect inside a forest near Niriang village.
Similarly, in case of recognized corporations, the Accounts shall be completed, accounted for and submitted to the House in accordance with the provisions of the Acts.
The vaccination is only for those who have reached the age of 45 years and above to those who have reached the age of 80 years and the total number of people who have received the vaccine is .
The counting of votes for the constituencies of Sohryngkham, Mawkynrew, Nongkrem, Lyngkyrdem-Laitkroh, Nongshken, Mawsynram, Mylliem, Laban-Mawprem and Nongthymmai constituencies will be at Indoor Stadium, JN Complex, Polo.
At the same time, a Muslim named Sultan Suleiman repaired the walls of Jerusalem but the Golden Gate remained closed from the Golden Gate, as foretold in Ezekiel 44:1-4
After this I spent a lot of time searching for the truth.
“At present, we have less than 10,000 km of roads in the state except the National Highway.
The driver was a Boeing pilot in Borjhar.
“This issue not only affects the trade, land and shyiap, but also affects the longdoh longsnam of the Khasi people,” said Saiñkupar Nongtraw, Publicity Secretary, HNLC. Union Minister of State for Agriculture and Farmers' Welfare, Radha Mohan Singh has visited a farm in Shillong where organic farming has not been used.
Paidang said the aim of the commission is to recognize the health workers by issuing certificates and this will also help in the preservation of medicinal plants.
One of the roads for those coming from Shillong is to enter Lad Ummulong to Nartiang and reach Samatan to Barato.
Dozens of houses, churches and temples have been burnt down in the state.
“Therefore, in order to explain to the public regarding this rule, the department should campaign and explain to the public so that the public will understand that it is illegal to buy stolen goods sold by people who are addicted to alcohol. drok," said the Seng leader.
S.They happen.
What we believe and what we do do not match.
Only teams and players from Mylliem Constituency will be allowed to participate in the tournament.
This was announced by JAC Chairman Passbhalang Khani while talking to reporters.
There will also be a 74-year-old runner from Meghalaya who will run 21.1 Km and a 4-year-old child who will run 5 Km to accompany his mother.
He said Annamalai had criticized AIADMK leaders, including former Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa.
The decision was taken at a meeting of MLAs and political parties in the Nagaland State Legislative Assembly held in Kohima today.
Shillong, Nailar 4: U Bah Phren Khonglah, a youth, has died after falling into the water while fishing in the Kshar River at Lamin village near Dawki this morning. .
Henning reportedly worked for a Muslim refugee organization and believed he could not be killed because he only did charity work. and that he was only in Syria.
According to him, the Government of India has used the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) against the minorities of the North East.
He hopes that through new methods, the production of rice can be increased.
The income of the ASHAs is based on the job they do while in other states the government has fixed the monthly salary in the form of salary and even if they are sick. They receive this salary, but here they say that they pay according to the work they do.
Shillong, Nailar 29: Nine passengers of an Assam State Transport Corporation (ASTC) bus were injured when robbers attacked them on Tuesday night.
According to the sources, there is a suspicion that money is the source of the transformation of people who destroy their foundation for personal or group gain.
With the aim of raising awareness on the National Tuberculosis Elimination Program and the recently launched Pradhan Mantri TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyan (PMTBMBA), the office of the District Tuberculosis Officer, Jaintia Hills in collaboration with Star Cement Limited , Lumshnong through its CSR activities on 20th November, distributed food items as part of the Community Support Scheme to TB patients at a program held at Sutnga CHC, Sutnga. Dr. EBV Laloo, Manager-CSR, Star Cement Limited, Lumshnong, Kingshok K Borah and many others were also present.
The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of Ri Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhyaya, today said that the district is ready to host and hold the three-day Cherry Blossom Festival at Kurkalang Square, Bhoirym. -ing.
When asked whether the request of the Minister of Education, Lahkmen Rymbui to strengthen the School Managing Committees (SMCs) has been discussed today, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the time has come for them. SMC to take responsibility as most of the schools are private schools or belonging to religious groups or villages.
He also urged them not to be in a hurry to criticize him from time to time regarding his promise but to allow him to talk to his fellow MPs. do what is necessary.
Stephan Lyngdoh and Treki Lakiang, Rangbah Shnongs of Umlyngka, said that this will be a memorable day for Mawpun.
K.Sangma for his tireless efforts in supporting and promoting the film industry.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has released T.21.89 crore to ASHA workers through application in the last 12 months and T.34.50 crore has already been released. you have money in the past 18 months.
Referring to those youths who have been willing to leave their arms and come to the peace talks, Dr Mukul said, “Do you know how many of them have returned to the forest? The government should have followed up and searched for them to find out what happened.
These five cases were first reported from Khadphra Mile village in Ranikor.
John F Kharshiing, President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, said that the government through the Sports Department is in the midst of preparing and improving the venues for the Games.
This shows that our leaders are only politicians and we don't really see that they are leaders who really care about the people and the future of the country and the nation.
“We will send a letter to the Chief Electoral Officer to look into the matter on the nomination of the NPP candidate,” he said.
However, what is more important for many people is whether the Government of India or the Government of Meghalaya really gives them the freedom that the people want and desire.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, said that the Relief and Rehabilitation Colony falls under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah. to buy.
The signal, from 1 o'clock, cannot be told. 5pm.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Mawdatbaki said that the dorbar has accepted the project because they do not want to have to change the allocation in the Detail Project Report (DPR).
In addition, the report said that according to the results of the collection of goals earned by the athletes from the Snatch + Clean & Jerk, the athletes who will participate in these tournaments will be They have also been able to improve their Olympic Qualification Ranking (OQR).
Earlier, after being criticized by members of the opposition, Conrad had rejected the former government led by Dr Mukul Sangma for not taking action to demand from the central government to stop the release of Foreigners have been banned from contesting for the post of Meghalaya Rural Bank because it happened during their time in power and they have now returned to the opposition.
After the prayer, they greeted the longkmie to leave.
She said that the Integrated Health Campaign is in collaboration with the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society, the office of the District Medical Health Officer, the Social Welfare Department, the District School Education Department. The campaign aims to complete in 200 villages and 63 households under the leadership of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District. Static Camps and high-risk patients will be given more attention, as these camps will also conduct tests such as HIV, Syphilis, Tuberculosis, Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C, Hypertension, Diabetes, Anemia, test for eyes, teeth and other diseases.
He was arrested on the 2nd of October, while he and other members of the KSU had gone to hand over to the Sadar Police Station a foreigner whom the KSU had arrested. and Abdul Mukit.
The KHADC has a CEM elected in accordance with all the provisions of the AD Rules
There are 599 cases of covid-19 in the state and 252 recoveries including 8 recoveries today from East Khasi Hills District 7 soldiers BSF and one civilian.
However, a few expressed their concern over the government's decision to expedite the construction of the check post to check the illegal entry of mynder into the state, as at present the mynder can enter freely. They have been forced to enter the state due to the lack of a separate place to check the entry and exit of the authorities, they said.
“I was threatened through my phone, and I reported about it to the police.
He urged parents and teachers to prepare students who are researchers and intellectuals.
There have been 169 recoveries in East Khasi Hills including 148 cases from Armed Forces, 2 cases from Demseñïong Cluster, 23 cases from Happy Valley Cluster and 9 cases from Health. workers, 26 High Risk, 10 ILI Cases, 1 from Laitjem Cluster, 3 from Laban Cluster, 4 from Laitumkhrah Cluster, 2 from Lapalang Cluster, 2 from Lawsohtun Cluster, 1 from Lumpynngad Cluster. Madanryting Cluster, 2 cases from Malki Cluster, 1 case from Mawbah Cluster, 1 case from Mawkhar Cluster, 1 case from Mawlai Mawiong Cluster, 1 case from Mawlai Umjaiur Cluster, 2 cases from Mawprem Cluster, 2 cases from Nongmynsong Cluster, 2 cases from Nongrah Cluster cases from Nongrim Hills Cluster, 3 cases from Nongthymmai Cluster, 1 case from Police Bazar, 22 cases from Returnees, 4 cases from Rynjah Cluster, one case from Umiam Cluster and one case from Umpling Cluster.
Perhaps now that the elections are near, many parties will do this or that but the last thing is that they need the will to do it and not just to do it in their election manifestos. .
Shillong: The 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship will be held in the city on Saturday.
After 3 or 4 months, this compost has become a very good fertilizer and contains about 20 percent nitrogen per 100 tons of fertilizer.
The total number of cases so far has risen to 2,313 and the death toll has risen to 1,5
Speaking to reporters on Friday, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that based on the number of people arrested so far, almost all the people arrested are members of political parties.
However, he expressed his satisfaction that the party has a young and capable leader like Bah Paul Lyngdoh to contest the MP election. Shillong Parliamentary Seat,” said Dr Roy.
The scientists discovered these facts by talking to 816 mayors of Spain and then sent them to withdraw money and that the money should fall on the head or neck of the money.
The decision to cooperate between SBUK and FACES came after the leaders of the two groups including the President, Bah W.Kharkrang and General Secretary, Bah M.Dkhartmar as the leaders of the SBUK. SBUK, Pradip Kurbah and Merlvin Mukhim, FACES leaders, signed a memorandum of understanding on Thursday at a meeting with the media at the Shillong Press Club.
At this gathering, a place was also set up to sell the items that the people used to sell in the market, such as sohmynken, knives, moh khiew, jhur, achar, umsoh and others.
The District Election Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, West Jaintia Hills District, today said that as the polling day for the MLA Election 2023 approaches, the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya has found that there is a lack of preparation and preparation for the rallies. /Campaign with star campaigners/leaders of different parties.
William Shakespeare said that books are the building blocks of the whole world, the life of books is like a world without sun, wisdom without books is like a bird without wings. seen.
It is said that Mithun's action was to emphasize to the investigators that his involvement with the group was exactly in the work and not that he had any intention of cheating or deceiving anyone.
Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, Minister Lahkmen Rymbui and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Metbah Lyngdoh, MDCs and others including government officials.
Ma Wanshwa Suting said that during the investigation, the union found that the family members of Training Phawa were shot first and those who were shot, called Training and he too was afraid of being shot. He came to the scene to separate the family members from the shooting but he was shot but to escape the shooting and to protect himself and the family members. , but the purpose of the training is to protect yourself and your family.
While they were talking, suddenly the boat capsized and the Phukan fell into the water.
On the other hand, Janata Dal (S) leader HD Kumaraswamy has admitted that the Congress MLAs support him to take oath as the prime minister and said that there are 116 MLAs who support him.
In fact, the public should have been informed about this smart meter so that the people can know and understand but it is surprising how the office of MePDCL has sent a letter to the Rangbah Shnongs without the knowledge of the people. how it works, and it will also affect the people because they will have to buy meters.
Shillong, July 7: The High Court of Meghalaya on Tuesday rejected the recognition of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). your law, dated 11th March
The two have already met in their Sudirman Cup this year; Sindhu's opponent won 21-14 18-21 21-1
The MDA-II, which is the same as the previous Government, can revive and implement this project, so that it will help reduce traffic jam in Shillong.
The old age, which is the age of preparation for the return to one's Creator, is exactly like those who intend to travel far away or pilgrims.
Even if your mobile or computer is not updated, it is difficult to operate. Think about how to operate your old reservation.
He said that the issues sent by the DCA to the KHADC have been pending in the Executive Committee since June until now without any action, even though these issues are easy to resolve. so that the KHADC can send back to the State Government for the approval of the Governor the amended AD Rules.
Of course, as a nation with many local dilects, we have differences in the way of pronouncing, we cannot say that even if there is a difference in the way of pronouncing the names, but the power of their authority is the same.
In the Siatkhnam Under 14 Siatkhnam, Khasi Laitryngew won, Laitkor Under 18 Siatkhnam, Wahsohlait, Laitkor Single Under 18, won the Khasi Under 18 Siatkhnam. The winner is Laitkor, the winner is Mawkasaiñ.
After receiving information that last night, hundreds of foreigners had come to work at the MIDC Umiam factory.
Through this scheme, it has been integrated with other schemes like MNREGA, MRDS and others which have the same objective and work,” said the director.
From 1978 to 2018 I have been a resident of Seinduli for 40 years I have been a member of the HSPDP. lectures and with songs since 1983.
Speaking on his differences with the incumbent MLA from the constituency, Jyrwa said that although the National People's Party (NPP) and the UDP are in the coalition government which includes other parties, but the NPP is the largest party in the government.
“We also pay special tribute to those students who, despite many difficulties, poverty and who don't know how to go to tuition, have passed the examination and passed well,” said the President of RLSSCO, Bah Sanbor Shulla. I am not the MLA of the constituency.
“I have not brought into the House the issue of the relationship between the Prime Minister and this person from Mizoram.
This Office Order comes after more than 8 years since the former State Government through the department suspended the subsidy for fertilizers to farmers on July 12, 2014 to reduce the impact of This has led to the smuggling of fertilizers and the farmers are complaining about the increase in prices.
Shillong, Naitung, 01: The Union Minister in charge of Defense and Cooperation, Amit Shah on Thursday approved the release of Rs 6,194.40 crore to 19 States under the State Disaster Response Fund. (SDRF).
On the cleanliness of the market, they said that they clean it themselves and the government has not yet appointed cleaners.
The Sympiah, which he holds in his right hand, shows his role as the ruler of his household to protect his clan and his children.
“This is something wonderful and a sign of hope through the grace of God,” said Bah Metbah.
The training programme, Dg said, will start with the training of about 30 women.
Lucia George – 9495167809Dr.Sr.
There is no one who can force us.
Khliehriat, July 10 : Police of Lumshnong Police Station today seized 63.12 grams of heroin weighing 63.12 grams. Police have arrested Sorif Uddin Sorifuddin, 50, of Bhairabpur, Part-V, PS.PO Kalain, District-Cachar. , Assam.
“He said that most of the 1,755 lower primary schools have not been repaired in the last 30-40 years.
Police said that if these lights hit a person, they would cause serious injuries, but in this incident no one was injured except the vehicle which was hit by the lights. , robbers have set fire to the vehicle of Donny M Wahlang in Demthring.
However, there are also other poor Indians and Fiji has had to contend with ethnic discrimination which has also affected peace and stability and has severely undermined the rule of law. food.
In connection with the incident, the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Swapnil Tembe on Tuesday appointed a magisterial inquiry headed by the Executive Magistrate, Rezia Ch.
Because of the unrest in the city and other places, the civil society organizations are strongly opposed to this incident and especially against the government because it is the government's lack of action to put the Out. Post on the border as discussed from time to time in the House that these tragic incidents will happen not only this time but from time to time.
There are many hotels in Shillong.
However, after the KSU Laban Circle visited, it found that there are about 30-40 households and shops of foreigners without permits, which poses a threat to the community. The Dorbar Shnongs cannot dispute the land as it falls under the jurisdiction of the Forest Department and foreigners can enter and leave at will without any restriction.
At the time of writing, the traffic jam is still severe and the district administration of East Jaintia Hills has also taken action to clear the soil.
On the 30th November, 2017, the PDF welcomed the defectors with great honor and this shows that the PDF approves and encourages the defection.
Earlier, Faithstar Nongbri, Secretary Shnong, Kynroh Nonglyer, admitted that women are not allowed to sit in the Dorbar. Council.
In this way, the youth of today know that the Khasi Hills has its own border separate from the Jaintia Hills and that does not mean that the Khasi Hills has changed. The nation is still related in many ways.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Garod LSN Dykes has announced that those who wish to register their Aadhaar names do not need to show their COVID test report or negative test at the Aadhaar enrollment centers or camps.
He said this while speaking at a meeting of the beneficiaries of FOCUS Plus, Progress, Yess Meghalaya and SHG schemes held at Rangatari, South Garo Hills.
The DHS (MCH) purchases medicines from NRHM and the DHS (MI) purchases medicines from PHCs, CHCs, sub-centres and others,” said the committee headed by Bah DD Lapang.
This is one of the issues we are facing," he said.
The medal will be awarded tomorrow.
If the children of the foolish and the poor do wrong, they are quick to cut off the church, but if the children of the rich and the church leaders do wrong, they try to hide it.
He said he doesn't have to do anything else but to urge the government to take action as soon as possible.
“MUDA intends to expand the border only to get more money from Delhi because the land in the Shillong Municipal Area is too small and they are reluctant to ask for more money from the central government,” said Bah Khongwir.
“The idea of ​​writing this book on Lapalang village is because this village has many stories that need to be preserved,” said Ms Massar.
He said that to develop the language, newspapers are very important tools and something needs to be done to promote and enrich the Khasi language because the Sohra language alone has not yet enriched the Khasi language.
If these politicians speak, they will succeed no matter how much during their election campaign in the coming days, but we must not forget the facts that we have witnessed. from 2018 to date.
It is worth mentioning that there are two markets in the area, one market established by the Khasi for decades and the other market established by the Nepalis a few months ago. it was only after the government implemented the ban.
Unfortunately, Meghalaya does not have strong laws to protect us except the 6th Schedule. Therefore, we should strongly demand that this law should not be implemented in the state which falls under the 6th Schedule. “We also want to stand together and shout with one voice that we don't want the UCC Act,” said Bah Sawkmie.
As far as I can get from our conversation – Purinam, tells us that Mother Earth wants to marry her daughter.
The authorities have also prepared cash prizes for the winners of the race.
“I have been the leader of the Opposition for 2 terms, if I wanted power I would have run away since then, but I have a strong foundation, look at my records at that time the government was not strong but without stopping. I have been a member of the Congress Party for 45 years,” said Bah DD Lapang.
The 8 kilometer marathon was inaugurated by the Additional Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang, Bah A. Nongbri.
There are also three types of ration cards – the stem AAY card, the pink PHH card and the blue NFSA card.
Speaking on the occasion, HNYF President Bah Sadon K Blah said that the Government should have implemented the provisions of the MRSSA
Kanasing Lynshing, who contested the 2009 MDC election from the Congress party, received about 3,000 votes less and was defeated by the UDP candidate Bah Remingtone Pyngrope. .
Tirot Singh was not only a freedom fighter but also a symbol of courage to fight against the rule of the British.
“We have requested the assistance of the NDRF, which has arrived at the scene and I have requested the Minister of Home Affairs to inspect for himself where he has already inspected,” he added.
Sony Norde of Mohun Bagan scored again in the 78th minute and Britto PM in the 88th minute.
The union said that the smuggling of beef to Bangladesh has led to an increase in the price of beef in the market.
The decision of the Department of Arts and Culture should not end here, but it would be good if it could erect these statues in other parts of the state, especially in the district headquarters. .
The tournament was inaugurated by the Chief Patron of the Games, Conrad K Sangma, the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of PHE. Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board Abdus Saleh, Kimfa S Marbaniang MLA, Chief Secretary DP Wahlang, Commissioner & Secretary Sports Department Dr. Vijay Kumar D, Director General of Meghalaya. Police Dr Lajja Ram Bishnoi and Secretary General of the North East Olympic Association, Bah John F Kharshiing.
It will assist the government in implementing development projects such as roads, water supply and others.
The amino acids found in ata are less than those found in dai, what is missing in food is what can be found in other foods, what is missing in vegetables is it can also be found in seed pods such as jeera and sesame seed pods.
According to the KNGC announcement (without date and with only the signature of the principal), the deadline for submission of applications is 6th November 2021 and the date of the written test and interview will be announced.
“I am only his brother, but I have seen for myself how much time he has spent and worked hard to write and publish books, in order to liberate this beloved country from the laws of the government. India who are affected by our way of life here.
Yesterday, troops had to be used to bury the body and take it out of Bergamo, in northern Italy, because the city had no place to bury the body.
The BSF troops, after receiving a tip on the movement of these vehicles, immediately drove them away and stopped them on the side of the road, which is near these two villages. The BSF troops have arrested two of them, Amos Nongrum (22yrs) from Siatbakon and Pynbiand Sohkhlet. (23) from Dusaw, Pynursla and seized two trucks along with 30 cows worth T.14 lakh.
“We cannot wait until 2019, it is too late and we will implement it from 1st March 2015,” said Bah Rowel Lyngdoh.
When Jesus perceived it, he called a little child unto him, and set him in the midst of them,
The KSU has held a public meeting in front of the YMCA, where many KSU leaders have spoken and demanded that the state government and the Indian government should immediately introduce the Inner Line Permit (ILP). ).
There are candidates who have received less than the NOTA until they have been elected.
I would like to thank Bah Bindo M.Lanong, MDC for taking the time and energy to discuss this urgent issue and the need of the people for the ILP. Quote “The decision of the Supreme Court 1972 on the Excise Act 1910, relating to the Government of Meghalaya and the Byrhien Kurkalang, has nothing to do with the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation 1873 relating to the ILP permit, as has been explained in the newspapers.
So I phoned the police again,” she said.
SHILLONG: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Hispreaching Son Shylla on Tuesday said that the people should immediately reject the National People's Party (NPP) and the United Democratic Party (UDP) if the Inner Line Permit is not implemented. (ILP) in the MDC elections. Because it would be pointless to elect such parties when their aim is only to win elections in order to get jobs, he said. Tuesday.
However, if there is a problem with the implementation, it is the responsibility of the MLAs to speak up and ensure that they resolve it”.
As long as the Constitution of the country remains strong, we will be one country as citizens.
The biggest problem of this area is the difficulty in coming and going due to the lack of roads.
He said that the movement from one district to another has been banned to know who is coming and going.
After the announcement of the victory, the Chairman of KHADC, Bah Mansturdy Nongrem, left to accompany Bah Donevan to the seat where he should sit and the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ. N Syiem and EM Neil Antonio War.
Therefore, the two organizations also urged the schools in the state not to accept textbooks without reading and checking them carefully before including them in the syllabus of the students.
He was the Provincial of Guwahati Province before being appointed Archbishop of Shillong in November
He worked hard to promote the value of Khasi literature and to combine the speech and writing in a harmonious manner. hard work.
On the other hand, the Phawa Kur and Village Leaders have held a meeting to discuss and resolve this issue.
WKH Police are conducting a thorough search operation to find the missing persons and also conducting a thorough search operation in the forest and also in the Aradonga area to rescue the victims. these are the ones who have been taken away.
LJ Nongteiñ, one of the elders of Nongmawleiñ, said that in the past years, the village has received a road under the MNREGS scheme from Ïewnongma to the village.
After a while Kagawa scored for Cerezo in the 79th minute inside the box.
The Ministry of Agriculture, which has all the expertise in this field, should not only provide schemes, subsidies, vehicles to farmers or groups, but should conduct research to them. farmers' fields, to conduct soil surveys, and to improve the farmland, so that they can really improve their work.
Shillong: Residents of Mawphlang have complained that the drinking water supply from Mawphlang which is distributed around Shillong is Lati and they said that the lati of the water is well known if it is placed in steel containers.
The destruction followed the arrest of the five owners.
The Ri-Bhoi Cultural Festival was held at Orchid Lake, Umiam. Dr. DD Lapang, MLA Nongpoh, was the chief guest at the festival. The festival was attended by the Sirdars, Lyngdoh Raids and the elders of the area.
According to Daniel Khongsit, the government intends to hand over 8 Block/Sud-Division of the Electricity Department to the companies for the expansion of distribution franchises. These include Bagmara, Chokpot, Mahendraganj, Pynursla, Mawryngkneng, Umsniang, Riangdo and Amlarem.
I am confident that through the political system we will be able to continue the mission that we have in our hearts and I am confident that the Hynniewtrep people will give us the right hand and the right hand so that we can achieve our goals. “Our nation and the state have longed for it,” he added.
Jowai, Nailur, 03: The Meghalaya Government should immediately tell the Assam Government from today not to insult the Khasi Pnars in Cachar Hills and other places. HANM said that the HANM has been working hard against Assam at its office bearer confirmation meeting at Pdengchakap village on Saturday.
The party said that these BJP supporters are under the leadership of BJP Youth President F Marbaniang, BJP Secretary P Chyne and BJP Vice President L Dkhar. The NPP delegation was led by Bah S Lyngdoh, Youth Wing Leader, Women's Wing Adviser V Diengdoh and Assistant Secretary Women's Wing Rihun Lyngdoh. Subhodeep Das, Nehal Paul, Aditya Roy, Siddharth Ghosh, Rajesh Roy, Yusuf Khan, Dipanjan Paul, Arsad Khan, Tipu Khan, Amit Kumar and others.
Shillong, July 16: The Sports Committee of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) has expressed its opposition to the Meghalaya Games 2024 after receiving complaints from many participants and parents. strongly on the lack of attention of the State Government to the athletes.
In a statement, the UDP said that it is against the introduction of the department and demanded that the department should suspend the personal interview and should arrange according to the State's Reservation Policy for the benefit of the candidates. young man in this state.
These members of the MCA include Bah KM Warjri - President MCA, K Pajat - Publicity Secretary and Th.
Kharshiing urged the Chief Secretary to set up a special committee with the participation of the Syiems to get clarification on this issue which affects the development of Khadar and Judiciary. of the Kingdom.
The match between the two teams ended 4-2
The song was composed and directed by Shantanu Hudlikar at Orbis Studios, Mumbai.
Mawphlang MLA SK Sunn's question on the release of coal since the closure of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) has caused a heated argument between the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the leaders. Dr. Mukul Sangma's remarks in the House today.
Kohli, who was former president of the party in Delhi, has been in poor health for the past two or three months and has died at a hospital in Noida. The last rites of his body were held at Nigam Bodh Ghat yesterday, BJP leaders said.
This is part of the opportunity for the children to showcase their special sports skills before moving on to other levels of sport.
If we are happy that everyone is doing the right thing, it is wrong.
In fulfillment of the belief of Ek Bharat and Shresth Bharat which celebrates 'unity amidst differences' of the country, Raj Bhavans (Governor's House) across the country are celebrating the Independence Day of Gujarat and Maharashtra enthusiastically showcased the rich heritage of the two states.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan on 10th June witnessed the celebration of the Shad Suk Mynsiem at Weiking Square, Jaïaw.
It is said that these phngit are very small, with a size of one part of shiphew thousandth of an inch.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) has remained idle for more than 30 years.
In order to maintain peace and order in the village, the Dorbar Shnong has issued a warning that no large number of people will be allowed to gather or stand on the village streets or in the villages after 10 pm.
This is the first time that the newspapers have published extensive news about them.
It would have been better to appoint a Development Committee instead of handing over to foreign companies or contractors because they have done only 50% of the work and not 100% as before. use the government.
As recalled, the census shows that the majority of offenders are males, who accounted for 95% of the total number of arrests in
Shillong Lajong Football Club FC 2023 2023 2023 2023 against Downtown Heroes Football Club 2-0
Therefore, the Opposition Party, I say once again, it is very important that the Government should implement it transparently, transparently and free from corruption in any scheme or project.
The tournament was also held as part of the National Sports Day and at the same time to raise funds for Nomiwell Secondary School Nongpoh.
“We have received suggestions from legal experts, scholars and social scientists on how to develop the Reservation Policy and Roster System so that the communities in the state will not be affected.
Many political parties in Meghalaya, perhaps because they don't know each other well, and still consider the BJP a stranger, have decided to support the party which doesn't have a single MLA before the MLA elections. , 2018.
He said that these former leaders still have the spirit of working together with a strong mind, a bright mindset and a stable mindset, while now the mindset is not thinking jam. “It's not like before, because these people are going their own way,” said Bah Lanong.
At the same time, the Assam Government has also decided to take action regarding Malangsalbari which falls under Tarabari; one of the border crossings that signed a social agreement last year.
He requested that he should be given the opportunity to win the MLA Election 2023 so that he can bring about development while he has not promised anything like the promises of others. I am not a rich man but I have the wealth in the spirit to serve the people,” said Ollan.
If we have not experienced the Kingdom of God within us, then we do not understand what is to come because it is spiritual.
The meeting unanimously decided to take strong protest measures to force the government to repair the NH 44, and with the support of various Sengbhalang and Rangbah Shnongs, the 5 The meeting was conducted by Bah SSNiangti, General Secretary of KSU-JHDU. The meeting was attended by Bah SSNiangti, General Secretary of KSU-JHDU. Speeches were also delivered by other political parties, Rangbah Shnongs and the public.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawprem Circle will hold the IX Maitshaphrang Academic Award-2022 to recognize the achievements of the youth of the villages under the jurisdiction of the KSU Mawprem Circle.
Donbor Nongrang, one of the residents of Umdiker village, said that the incident started at 2 pm and many houses were damaged as well as crops. , said Bah Nongrang.
The MLAs who led the Assam Assembly from UK Hills 1946-51 were Rev. JJM Nichols Roy who was MLA from Shillong Constituency and who was also the Cabinet Minister of the Government of Assam.
Sunlight is one of the sources of vitamin D. Our body can produce vitamin D if we expose ourselves to the sun.
Thus, once the foundation is laid for that Feeling of “Parabangeit”, that Feeling of “Paradoh-Parasnam” in the human heart – in the Mind, the fruits of the works of Unity appear there.
It is to be recalled that the march was organized by the FKJGP, with the participation of the HNYF, RBYF and KSU, from Motphran to Iewrynghep Square ( Firebrigade) in terms of unemployment, especially the number of unemployed youth.
The Budget Session of the JHADC will be held on the 15th of October at 10:30 am.
We don't know where the vehicles are, so we don't want the souls to lose like this,” said Bah John. They should take the responsibility to take care of the situation and not to hide but to come forward and inform the Government to take the necessary action,” said Bah John.
"“It is time for the State Government to take urgent steps to set up Disability Centers in every district for our special people with disabilities within the State," the official said.
This is also an important form of khadar governance, for the implementation of sustainable development, not only for the present, but for tomorrow.
By Josper S Dura, Nongshken.
This statement of this candidate has upset the people with disabilities.
Property is life and we have to think about the future of the heirs.
The quarter final will be played on Friday.
Mickey Marngar for 8 overs, Nick Dann for 5 wickets, Nick Dann for 22 runs in 5 overs. bad took 3 wickets.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the state government has empowered the Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police. district to monitor and crack down on illegal coal trucks in the state.
This has been affected by the shopkeepers and the residents every year where the floods have caused a huge loss and most of the victims have not received any assistance from the floods. government.
As Maki said, even a horse cannot sit, “When you rise at night, the man falls behind, the horse stays behind, when you go down at night, the man falls behind, the horse stays behind”.
“We don't want our Malidor streams and burial grounds to be affected by the coal mine as happened in Ladrymbai, Khliehriat and other areas,” said Khamsngur Pohiing. the Rangbah Shnong of the village.
Nongstoin, July 14: The Deputy Commissioner of Nongstoin District, Nongstoin, Arun Kumar Kembhavi IAS, today informed the residents of Nongstoin area that the registration for Aadhaar will start on Monday. The Common Service Centers (CSCs) will start from the 19th of this month.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday suspended the order of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills to demolish the coal factories in East Jaintia Hills.
If a person stands for the rights of the people, the whole world will stand for the rights of the people.
The pastor does not own any land while his wife owns two acres of farmland in Kleng Mawpat and the value of the land is T.10 lakh.
Police said that the arrest of the HNYF leader, who has been in the news in recent days for many of his activities as a leader of the HNYF, such as the robbery of shops, protest against the removal of parking space near Bimola and others.
The country's biggest loss in hosting the tournament came after two top officials banned Israel from participating in the tournament, as Indonesia and Israel have so far banned Israel from participating in the tournament. They did not have that close legal relationship and support for the incident to the citizens of Palestine, the country with the largest Muslim population. It has increased significantly, has fueled the opposition to welcome the Israeli team to the tournament.
Shillong, Nailur 20 : The 10th Meghalaya Open Carrom Championship 2022 will be held from 04th to 7th March at the Madanrting Indoor Stadium.
He said that our nation is rich in traditional foods which are mostly made from wild edible vegetables.
The Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya will meet in Guwahati on Tuesday in the presence of the Symbud Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, Minister of Home Affairs Lahkmen Rymbui and Deputy Commissioner of Assam and Meghalaya.
Mr. Deilang, Head of Sarhen Village
Every five years the same thing is told.
The HNLC has claimed that the police have covered up the incident because they do not want to announce publicly about the activities of the HNLC, because they allege that the party has no roots in the Khasi Hills. , Jaintia Hills.
Nongpoh, July 18: As part of the Seng Samla Raid Nongbri in Ri Bhoi District today launched a football tournament. The tournament was held for the first time in order to showcase the talents of the youth of the Raid in the field of football.
However, we don't talk about it here, because the main thing is that he, who was in Agartala, on that day, said that all the newspapers in Tripura, don't work at all. The Joint Action Committee issued a statement, which was distributed to the media in Agartala.
The inspection was accompanied by members of the MCIC 19th South Shillong Constituency for the implementation of schemes of the Central and State Governments, implemented in the Shillong Cantonment Area and Shillong Municipal Area.
He said that the allegation that the Minister of Electricity has failed to run the department is wrong, as the MDA government is looking for ways and means to solve the problems in the electricity department. .
Two MDCs, Kong Rona Khymdeit, MDC Nongpoh and Bah Donkupar Sumer MDC Umsning, along with other dignitaries including Bah CB Syiem, also attended the meeting. , Secretary of DRSRBD, Bah Rayonald Kharkamni, Bah Marcus Marten of HNYF, Bah Luistar Lyngdoh of FKJGP, Rangbah Shnong, Leaders of Nongpoh Sumo Association, Women's Association Leaders, Parents and others. Young people from different parts of Ri Bhoi.
However, not a single MLA attended the meeting even after the party leaders waited for more than 10 hours at the venue.
Baroda have topped Group A while Meghalaya will face Goa on Friday.
Speaking on the outbreak of Covid-19 in East Khasi Hills District, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, said that 47 people have tested positive for Covid-1 They include 159 BSF personnel, 2 Air Force personnel and 44 civilians.
Mawkyrwat, July 10: The Mawkyrwat Fishing Association (MFA) in collaboration with the office of the Superintendent of Fisheries (SF) today celebrated the Fishing Day. The annual Nature Fire Day was celebrated on the 5th July at Phot Umnew, South West Khasi Hills District.
Police are conducting a thorough investigation into the incident and are searching for the robbers involved in the robbery and murder.
The Jowai Zone is the biggest match of the four zones divided into seven teams including Ladthadlaboh SC, Sein Pynbhalang SC, Youth Club Pdengkarong, Rymbai Iawpynsing SC and Mulait United FC. for tomorrow's game can be purchased where the game is.
This has increased the coverage of the PM-KISAN scheme to 14.5 crore farmers.
But it depends a lot on us not being part of the pollution.
“Every year there will be a committee headed by the Director to review the names and the public can send any name or themselves.
Bir, one of the small villages in Himachal Pradesh, is the place to achieve the goal.
Children read school books and story books, young people or adults read books such as novels and magazines, and the elderly often read more religious books.
One of these projects is the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme which is still under construction but has been slow to complete.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle has once again expressed its concern regarding the vehicles carrying skum passing through Mawlai Village from Petrol Pump to FCI. Please cover the VIP Road (Mawsiatkhnam – Mawtawar) to avoid the spread of skum which causes a lot of pollution and affects the cleanliness of the village.
However, these people took the driver to parts of ISBT or Damsite (Umiam) area for transportation of the goods.
In June, 2022, she said that the Government through MSSDS has launched the project SKILLS MEGHALAYA to assist the youth to provide skills training in various fields through an institution like NeIPS. She said that the youths who have received the training should make good use of the skills they have already been trained as it will be a blessing to their future. to achieve the goal, because when they receive the equipment they can start working from home and strengthen the communication to work through the modern Internet.
“We are proud to remember that Bah Krieshon Rapthap was one of the founders of the Khasi Authors' Society in 1979, along with (L) Babu HW Sten; (L) Babu B.C.Jyrwa; (L) Mr. Hughlet Warjri; (L) Mr. L.Gilbert Shullai; (L) Bah Donbok T.Laloo; i Bah H.Mylliemngap, Bah Kitbor W.Nongrum, Bah E.Weston Dkhar and through the hard work of these men, along with the support and cooperation of other writers and other organizations in the years to come, The Khasi language and literature have been raised to its present level.
In the country, women are encouraged to have children with bonuses and those who take leave will not be paid at all for four months.
Isaiah 65:25.
There are many snap rights which are related to the rights of neighboring peoples including language.
According to Bah Lahbor, this happened only after his wife had warned them not to speak harsh words after it was suspected that they had been shot.
Shah also strongly criticized those who criticize the injection for covid-19 and said that political talk should not come out in the field of health.
Dr Mukul said that only the ceasefire can bring back the peace of the insurgents who are carrying out terrorist activities across Garo Hills.
It is learned that the market managed by the J.H.A.D.C has already been paid by the market residents to the Council every day and the Council through the Market Department has requested the residents to The market residents have also cooperated with the Council as much as possible.
God does not want people to celebrate the birthday of His Son, Jesus Christ with a deceitful spirit and a satanic spirit like King Herod.
In this regard, the District Council is in difficulty to take a decision and will have to investigate before including the Bhoi behavior in the text or provisions of the bill so that it will not conflict with those who have passed. They will lose their Khasi identity and this writing will be specific only to the Bhoi and not to all.
They came to KHADC in two parts, one to express their desire that Bah Ardent should remain as CEM of KHADC and the other to get clarification from the EM of Market Bah Donkupar Sumer. on his comments in the press as published today.
Mawkyrwat, March 06: The Lamlynti Village Organization, Lyngïong Lyngdohship has organized a campaign to raise awareness among the villagers on the damage caused by drugs to the society, the destruction of the family, as well as on the issue of health and self-interest. Help Groups under the banner of Village Organization has held an awareness program on 5th March, 2022 at AEC office, Thaiñthynroh, Lyngïong Lyngdohship.
The average price of a sheep in the UK is £100, but those that are well raised and cared for have a much higher price.
If you set a bedtime and a time to get up in the morning, your children will become accustomed to following it.
When the police investigated, the brother of I Love You led the police to the place where the body of Pynkhreh Surong was broken at Pommura village near the main road in the forest, which falls under Mawryngkneng Police Station. .
In another development, on 12th June 2021, Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah and MLA from the NPP party, expressed his hope that the NPP party will somehow win the 18 Speaking to reporters, Prestone said, “We hope that the NPP will win 18 seats in the GHADC election.” James K Sangma, Minister of State for Power, on the 13th of this month, said, “Our expectation is that we will reach 18-1 I am looking forward to seeing you all.
Shillong, July 13: Many problems have arisen within the PDF in KHADC and the problems have arisen because the parties which have joined the PDF are now waiting. The CEM of KHADC will be appointed as the EM.
However, due to the lack of fire engines, it took them time and by the time they were able to extinguish the fire, both the vehicles were completely burnt down.
However, any officers who have gone to school to improve their knowledge and skills in the working methods should not take leave.
Nongpoh, July 24: Taking into consideration the complaints received from the residents of Block II, regarding the violence in Assam, the United Democratic Party (UDP) Ri-Bhoi District today held a meeting to discuss the issue of violence in Assam. The Minister of Revenue, Dr.RC Laloo, has sent a petition to the State Government to demand that the Government should take action regarding the problems faced by the residents of this area. region.
Shillong, Naitung 3: The Catholic Church in Garo Hills has decided to hold a public march to demand peace in Garo Hills.
There will be two types of competitions, solo and group.
Two players of Nongrim Hills SC who received red cards from the referee were Reymond Sutnga and Lennypaul Kurbah. There was a fierce struggle for the ball near the goal of Nongrim Hills, and in such a case, the struggle to shoot the ball reached the point where the foot was also between the players.
However, since the 1990s, Assam has started to cross the border and now it has taken over and has fought to the death to cross the border to Huhuapara, but the people have not allowed.
Shillong, July 6: The FKJGP Mawsynram Circle on Tuesday said that the office taken over by the Forest Department of the State Government in Mawsynram village has turned into a shop selling goods. tear.
Isn't this failure to apply to the Court to review the order under the Reservation Policy of 1972 a mistake? The fact is that if the Reservation Policy of 1972 is not renewed and improved, the introduction of The Roster System will not affect the Khasi.
When the lyngkha is well plowed and well fertilized with the fertilizers we have described in previous chapters, they make furrows with a furrower.
On the other hand, DS Diengpasoh Pyllun demanded that besides apologizing through the media, HANM should also clarify the allegations because as the village we find that these allegations are baseless and unfounded. indeed.
The largest producers of tobacco are China (1,400 million pounds), India (1,375 million pounds), the United States of America (1,155 million pounds), Russia (600 million pounds) and other countries. (about 1890 million pounds).
“If we decide not to allow, they too will say that they will not allow your vehicles to pass in Guwahati, then what will be done,” he asked.
Shillong: The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) on Tuesday urged the Defense Minister, Amit Shah, to send an inquiry into the bomb blast on Saturday night, October ,in Them Mawlong Market.
However, the KSU only has to provide training to the youth and paradoh para snam how to love their country and to encourage the youth to be hardworking especially when they fight against anyone. The Seng does not accept to fight.
Surprisingly, the distribution was not according to the number of people in the households, but only 20 KG per household and 250 grams of dai per household.
Local entrepreneurs need a place where they can go to get encouragement from experts and friends, to get information, tools and how to work.
He said that these schemes are of great benefit to the residents and the people together with the government officials should implement them properly.
David, son of former Sohryngkham MLA Charles Pyngrope, won as an independent MLA from Mawryngkneng after losing the Congress ticket in the last election.
Restaurant: a restaurant or restaurant; bam is the goods that are prepared to be used; drink is a mar of water or a kind of water that is not clean.
He said that on Thursday, Flybig has suspended its flights and this shows signs that the airline will do the same as last year when many flights were suspended.
Regarding this incident, Rupang spoke to Pastor NS Phawa of the Synod, who said that the belief in menshohnoh and menaiksuid does exist in the Khasi Hills.
This time, the club has signed five new players including Akash Mishra, Tiri, Yoel van Nieff, Abdenasser El Khayati, Jayesh Rane, Seilenthang Lotjem, Franklin Nazareth and Nathan Rodrigues. The list of players is as follows: Goalkeepers: Phurba Lachenpa, Mohammad Nawaz, Bhaskar Roy, Ahan PrakashDefenders: Rahul Bheke, Valpuia, Tiri, Mehtab Singh, Sanjeev Stalin, Rostyn Griffiths, Nathan Rodrigues, Akash Mishra, Halen NongtduMidfielders: Yoëll van Nieff, Vinit Rai, Jayesh Rane, Apuia Ralte, Franklin NazarethForwardskira Chhangzuala Singh,Vikram Lalli, Partap Seilenthang Lotjem, Abdenasser El Khayati, Greg Stewart, Ayush Chhikara, Bipin Singh, Jorge Pereryra Diaz.
“From time to time we have informed the government leaders in this regard and the government has taken action, that is why they have appointed a Regional Committee, but the establishment of this “We don't know why they put this and what the meaning behind it,” he said.
It is to be recalled that the KSU three years ago in July 2020 had met with the authorities in charge of the bank to open a new branch in these four places but when they saw that it did not Therefore, the party has had to remind the people of these issues.
D.At the same time, the star athletes of Ri-Lum Jaintia who have led and won medals for Meghalaya and India in the year 2021 2022 are requested to submit their certificates. their victory.
He also suggested that the KHADC should be involved in the gates to collect the tax from the coal trucks so that the output from these gates can be known.
Between 2014 and 2022, violent crime decreased by 76%.
In this election, we see that there is still hope.
Tip what eh that work.
She said the government is determined to conduct peace talks for lasting and stable peace in the state.
The Minister of State, Electricity, AT Mondal, said that the weather conditions and the lack of water in the water reservoirs to distribute electricity due to the lack of rainfall, have led to the adoption of measures to extinguish the increasing number of electricity fires in the state.
The Social Impact Assessment clearly states that these companies have to work for the good of the region.
His wife lodged an FIR on the same day with the police involved in the shooting and registered a case under Songsak P.S.Case No.16 (18) 2018 but the police have not done anything yet.
These are just a few of the many things that can be done here in Shillong.
At the time of writing, police did not want to release details about the two except that one was the founder and the other was a follower.
The winners of the competition were Sumarbiang Mawlong in the 100m Freestyle Women, Banpynshgain Syngwan and Khrawkupar Lyngdoh won bronze in the 100m Freestyle Men.
The woman has deposited T.3 lakh in an account but nothing has arrived from Kelvin.
The government has also provided assistance of Rs 11 crore through the Milk Union this year so that the cooperatives within the union can implement it.
Even parents, if their children want to become sportsmen, will not support this project because they have forgotten that there is no future and some parents cannot afford to pay for it. school and recreational training fees.
As part of his strong criticism against the Congress party, Nadda said, “Previous governments have been negligent and neglected.
“The CBI should register a PE against the MUDA officials who gave permission to build illegal rooms,” the court said.
He said that the party's preparation to involve the youth in the party to strengthen the party is to enable the youth to understand patriotism and he hopes that the HSPDP will win. I don't know if you're going to have an election.
“The meeting will be attended by UDP leaders from the party, supporters of the NPP Ranikor of Bah Donkupar Massar, supporters of the BJP and also supporters of the Congress,” said Bah Pynshngain.
These jhur trees, on the other hand, spread their green leaves to the dry air, and from the small holes that cannot be seen, they produce water in a way that we cannot see.
Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew in his speech said, “When the Seng organizes this award ceremony, it doesn't mean that the Seng will give you that money or wealth but what the Seng wants to give you is be that encouragement and joint hands for the future"
When asked whether there have been any UDP leaders who have sought him after the dorbar, Nongrang said, “Yes”.
He also urged all the people that if there is any allegation against the MDA government, they should come forward and speak out, not just in the media.
The All Meghalaya Trinamool Congress (AMTC) today concluded the 1st Rowell Lyngdoh Memorial Volleyball Tournament 2022 in which Mawsaiñ Sports Club became the winner of the 1st Rowell Lyngdoh Memorial Volleyball Tournament ground of Tynnai Village, South West Khasi Hills District.
“This is the first time in the history of Meghalaya that four political parties have agreed to unite to contest MP elections and the contest is now between the MDA government and the Congress party.
Police have registered a case against him under the NDPS and the investigation is ongoing.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The last meeting of the three parties under the ARPA, UDP, HSPDP and KHNAM will be held tomorrow to resolve the issue of funds within the coalition. The authority is in charge of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
Many people think that the pastoral job is a sacred job and the political job is a dirty job.
The BJP today said that the subject of CAB is very important, as they have done with Article 370 and therefore directed all the MPs of the BJP, to reach out to the CAB. Parliament, in the coming days, in which it was accepted that they were the most important ones.
As one of the skilled Khasi medicine practitioners, patients flock to his shop every day, he said that it is very important to preserve the Khasi medicine or herbal medicine which he has developed. he has given special talents to the doctors only through the plants.
The Shiv Sena and Kangana Ranaut have been angry after she alleged that the situation in Mumbai is like in Pakistan Occupied Kashmir (POK).
Sometimes there are cases where election campaigners even talk about the personal affairs of a person.
However, after the Dewbilat Companies failed to implement the Notification, the JAC lodged a complaint with the Government and the Government refused to comply with the Notification. decided to cancel the Notification and agreed to set a new price.
