However, the Minister promised to call for talks with them but only after talks with the Planning and Finance officials to know the state of the state budget.
According to the official notification, the results will not be posted at the MBoSE offices in Shillong and Tura and the results will be viewable online.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Pondicherry by 131 runs in the BCCI Women's U-19 One Day Trophy on Saturday.
It is a time when poor mothers receive love and blessings in their lives and also a time when they prepare to welcome their baby into this world.
The training was sponsored by the Ministry of Jal Shakti, Government of India in collaboration with the State Government to train VWSCs so that they can maintain, test, clean and repair drinking water supply in the villages. They were delivered through the Jal Jeevan Mission scheme.
Pakistan has accused Indian warplanes of entering the Pakistani border in parts of Muzafarabad in PoK. Media reports say 200 people have been killed. Indian aircraft carried out a bomb attack.
On the other hand, UDP President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that other parties have to blame, but on what basis? and ask, what is the fault of the ethnic parties, just because they work together with each other.
The 90-year-old man, known as Bah SD Khongwir, has passed away after a long illness.
But for her, she didn't worry anymore because she had already brought the money and paid it there.
Shillong: The BJP has decided not to leave the MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP), Shillong, on Tuesday said that the BJP has decided not to leave the MDA government. ).
Shillong: The price of Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) has been increased to T.266 per litre.
At present, up to 5000 farmers have benefited from this programme.
“Whether in shops, markets, funeral homes or even in offices, many people say that the MDA Government has failed and the people now want a new party. stand on the right on the basis and for the people, the small and the rich, because the TMC is the party of the people, and the people and for the people.
He said there could be up to 25,000 thousand residents who are seriously ill with Covid-19 and need urgent treatment, including the need for ventilators.
There are other villages where only the poor are quarantined, while the rich are allowed to walk freely.
Seven leaders from Jaintia Hills District have held a meeting at the Secretariat to discuss the issue. , Mr. Nujorki Sungoh and Mr. Shitlang Pale.
Speaking to media, he said that at a meeting between the Indian and Bangladesh border troops, the Border Security Forces and the Bangladesh Border Guard (BGB) have denied the existence of these camps. They are located in the northeast of India and Bangladesh.
“During the elections, these ethnic parties have made thousands of promises to implement the ILP from the HSPDP, PDF and UDP, but they have not listened. man man wat after six years has passed.
Children who are eligible for this assistance are only those who have lost their parents, but those who have lost only their father or mother will not be eligible.
“We have tried our best to ensure that the power outage is reduced but for now the power outage will continue until we get a replacement from the power grid,” said Mondal.
Local officials evacuated about 15 to 20 families living near the two damaged homes.
Delhi Chief Secretary Manish Sisodia on Tuesday moved the Supreme Court to protest against his arrest and the conduct of the CBI investigation team. in connection with the incident of being accused of corruption caused by alcohol.
This is the excessive work of the contractors, he said.
On the other hand, one of the children who has been playing judo since 2011, has come forward to express his regret that the children have to take responsibility to find out for themselves when there are any competitions, even if there are The inter schools don't know at all and when the students have to leave the state to go abroad they have to spend from their own budget, without any responsibility from the Association. If you are abroad, you must also be able to do so.
The arrested traders and the seized gold have been handed over to the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI), Kolkata.
Along with promoting the message of “Desh Ke Hum Hain Rakshak” of the group, these women riders will also carry the message of “Beti Bachao Beti Padhao” during their march.
“We hope that the victory will come to the BJP because the people will appreciate the benefits they receive from the Central Government.
On the night of 5th June 2023, there was a stone throwing at the BSF camp in Pyrdiwah, which happened at 2 am. The BSF have been ordered to fire in the air to intimidate those who threw stones.
Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister in charge of Border Areas Development, Education, Forests and Environment, Government of Meghalaya attended the meeting.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its deep sorrow over the shooting and killing of Khasi by foreign authorities from time to time in Meghalaya, especially in Shillong.
“After this, I set up a shop and I was able to go back to work at Banalari World Cars to sell cars,” said Paiem Ricky.
Even in Laitkor, many people do not have water in their homes.
That is why many of the children in the villages do not go anywhere.
It is to be recalled that Lakadong shynrai is known as One District, One Product (ODOP), which falls under the jurisdiction of the Department of Commerce and Industry (DPIIT). Commerce & Industry.
On the other hand, the Maitshaphrang leader recalled that when they were studying, the teachers used to tell them that in the Hynniewtrep people there is no children or places of children because there is no Kur.
The session on Monday had to be adjourned three times after opposition MPs expressed their opposition to the lack of security forces inside the Legislative Assembly.
Kharkhang said that after being taken, he was sent to Shillong Civil Hospital for testing.
In this regard, the Enforcement Police have issued a Show Cause Notice of 10 or 15 days to them to surrender their Trading Licence.
As soon as Satan is thrown into the lake of fire the end will come.
The new cases include EGH: 09 (Others), EJH: 34 (Others), EKH: 484 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force-02, Others-482), NGH: 10 (Others), RBD : 27 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –03, Others–24), SGH: 19 (Others), SWGH: 45 (Others), SWKH: 52 (Others), WGH: 52 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –04, Others –48), WJH: 55 (Others) and WKH: 16 (Others) The total number of recoveries has risen to
He said that if you apply for a birth certificate after 10 or 12 years, there should be an order from the court, and why does the government give the last child to foreigners?
The statue of Bah JJM Nichols Roy was erected at the ground floor of KHADC, Shillong.
Do not force anyone to convert to your religion, because that is a sin.
According to information received, among the five escapees from the jail, there are also robbers who have been arrested and detained for involvement in murder; while 2 others are robbers who have been arrested for their involvement in NDPS Act cases.
The meeting was attended by John Fisher Nongsiang, President of KSU West Khasi Hills Unit, Samla Franklin Roy Syiemiong, General Secretary of KSU West Khasi Hills Unit, followers of KSU supporters of the children whom the Seng has supported in school.
Spurs, who finished fifth in the English Premier League, have failed to qualify for Europe for the first time since the 2009-10 season.
depending on the number of chapters.
The candidate also asked for the support of the people to support him in reaching his goal so that he can achieve his goal, which is for the benefit of the people. and to bring about development in the society.
“We pray that God will appoint a leader and I believe that He has listened to Bah Ardent and for that reason I have come to support this protest,” she said.
Because of your hard work and achievements, it is an important time to be honored across the country.
At the same time, without a Roster System, no allocation can be implemented, and without a Reservation Policy, no job allocation can be made.
Kamal Thapa was named Man of the Match.
It is also prohibited to transport pork from other zones to the Free Zone.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: Former MLA of Phulbari Constituency Esmatur SG Mominin on Tuesday strongly condemned the incident at Charbatapara village against NPP supporters led by the MDC of Shyamnagar. “it’s a cowardly thing.
He urged the people to stand against this evil that the government has taken.
“We have already handed over the Blueprint (according to the Government's proposal) and we have asked them to respond by 10th June,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Development Department. Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar in an interview with the media after the opening of the meeting of the Urban Development Department.
TRAU opened the scoring but after a few minutes Lajong managed to turn the tide.
They are the strongest to fight to be the first to form a government in the state.
Rule 9 of the Service Rules of the council empowers the Executive Committee to appoint according to the needs of the council from time to time and to include in the budget.
Furthermore, in his speech, Samla Mayborn strongly criticized the state of school management in the state and the backwardness in the syllabuses that the students have to study where there has been no update for many years. decade.
When they grow up, these children will be more than they are in the secret works of their parents.
As part of the programme, there will also be various programs involving the Indian Army and others.
Other speakers on the occasion were R Lyngdoh, DC, A Nongbri EAC, GR Lyngdoh Project Officer and others.
However, unfortunately, Bah Nongsiej was defeated.
Due to the continued illegal mining in these areas, the borders around Dibrugarh are very dangerous," the source said.
However, the most important thing here is that the show cause notice does not contain any rule or does not mention the rule that the Principal of Government Girls HSS Jowai has violated.
He said that the new knowledge in the treatment of newborns brought by Dr EC Syngkon, the knowledge and skills of Dr Orientcey Roy are a blessing and will uplift the hospital to the highest levels. great.
The State Government has decided to lift the total lockdown in Shillong, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong. .
Suddenly, while the issue of Reservation Policy was still pending, the Leader of the Opposition and the Sabuk Rangbah of the Opposition were appointed.
Ten teams from these 10 groups and seven runners-up will qualify for the final round of the knockout stage.
“In the past, when such incidents occurred, the rules only allowed for the distribution of rice and other emergency food items while other household items did not fall under the essential category. Deputy Commissioners in their respective ranks without approval from the State Government can distribute CGI sheets in the past years. within the district levels based on their own census,” said the CM.
Sanjeev Kumar Balyan – Minister of State in the Ministry of Animal Husbandry, Dairying and Fisheries13.
At the same time, the organization requests the people of the area to support the Chimarlok Production Channel so that they can continue to showcase their talents. They have and should not be hidden because through social media it has now become one of the ways to employ talented youth.
These subjects are in gynecology, pharmaceutical, physical education, education, commerce and other general subjects, the CID said. printed in one of the places located in Kolkata city when judging their quality and style.
When asked about the rumors that Prestone's contest is because he is afraid of Anthony Kongwang, the UDP candidate, Neru said it is just a trick. of other parties to undermine the trust of the people of Pynursla.
In a letter to the Prime Minister, Benediction Buam said that since the beginning of 2020, Bangladeshis have started to own the land and there are also some Bangladeshis. who have started farming, also to this place which has almost reached the houses of the people of the village.
But the Kingdom will be new, the sea will be no more.
The present government is very concerned about the development of the state and especially the development of farmers in various agricultural fields and on this basis the government has set many targets to develop the farmers. he added that the agriculture sector and others in the state.
The Chief Electoral Officer, Bah FR Kharkongngor, said that the turnout will be 75-80 percent and the Election Commission is still waiting for information from South West Garo Hills, Jaintia Hills and other parts of the country. in the Jaintia Hills.
Earlier Congress leaders have confirmed that there were several BJP leaders in Karnataka who were involved with contractors and they misused the money released to KKRDB. Corruption was the main issue raised during the Karnataka elections held in June in which both the BJP and the Congress parties won the elections. markylliang on this.
There will be a cash prize for the winners and a special prize for the elderly and youngest. Participants must first Spot Registration at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium, Jowai at 5:30 am and the race will start at 5:30 am. 6 Am.
Shillong: On the passing away of Dr Donkupar Roy, Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Twitter said, “Deeply saddened by the passing away of Dr Donkupar Roy. the State Legislative Assembly.
The court also urged the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District through the order to take all measures to ensure that the order of the court is respected.
Therefore, walk, stand with caution, go shopping and earn with caution (be alert).
Surprisingly, it is in 2022, when the party has started preparing for the elections to be held next year, in 2023, that there has been a strong difference of opinion between the office bearers and The Sub Committee of the HSPDP Central Body held on the 23rd in Shillong, has taken a tough decision by temporarily suspending the work of the Executive Committee. The committee of the area unit including the parents body, youth and womens wing and all party related activities within the area unit have been temporarily taken over by the central body until further notice.
Then she went to sit down again with her Niakha.
“In fact, most of the people in the state use electricity during the day rather than at night and the demand for electricity is higher during the day.
“He said that since the signing of the MoU he understands that it is not enough because many land has gone to Assam and many political parties and also the Chief Executive Members have expressed their dissatisfaction with this. and this boundary spanning.
Then said Jesus unto the Jews, Know ye me? And do you even know where I am? John 7:25-27.
Out of the 2967 villages, the government has allocated 662 villages, 455 in Arunachal Pradesh, 75 in Himachal Pradesh, 35 in Ladakh, 46 in Sikkim and 51 in Uttarakhand.
The soil should just be moist.
Peerless won the title after beating Jaintia Hills 7 Wasa 2-0 on Tuesday at the New Nongstoiñ Stadium.
On the application 20/1/2
“In 1970-1971 and 2002-2003, there were attempts to resolve the border dispute, but the Karbi villages were so destroyed that the Khasi villagers had to flee to Barato,” he said. said Mr. Sungoh.
Nawab Salim Ullah Khan, a prominent Muslim leader and one of the founders of the movement, encouraged Muslims from East Bengal (now Bangladesh) to settle in Assam and stay here. at that time the whole of the North East was known as Assam).
The United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate from Mawryngkneng constituency, Dr Oasaphi Jyrwa, on Tuesday filed his nomination papers for the upcoming elections.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Alan Dkhar, leader of the party, said that the meeting will be attended by leaders of various political parties, including Conrad K Sangma, leader of the party. NPP, Dr Donkupar Roy, UDP leader and other leaders of the MDA coalition government will attend the rally.
On the same night at about 11 pm, a vehicle with the number plate ML 05 T 0727 was also hit by a fire at Nongmensong.
Mosjo is the brother of Leston Wanswett who contested from Shella in the last elections but failed to win.
said the Chairman.
In order to curb the spread of false news and harassment, the government has also suspended SMS and Internet services for 48 hours.
The group congratulates Rinaldi Kharbani and Hamar Jr Rongrin.
AIS SujaDo you please man or God? Many will answer, “How can we please God when we cannot please our fellow human beings?”.
They also took part in the fight with the government for street vendors where in recent months, the state government has had to withdraw its decision to implement the law. of the State Government regarding street vendors, but to implement the Central Government Act which requires the States to provide a separate area for street vendors.
Finally, the KSU appeals to all banks and financial institutions not to count the holidays of Hynniewtrep and the holy days of the Christians of Hynniewtrep and those who oppose this. The Seng will continue to hold a leave of absence by force.
“I appeal to all the residents to cooperate with this investigation which has been appointed by the government to find out the truth about this incident,” he added.
Shillong, Lber 13: Shillong West MLA Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the Minister of Home Affairs should direct the police not to open their mouths when they don't know the truth about any incident. event.
One of their requests is that the government should pay the cost of labor before implementing the signboard in their area.
One of the unique characteristics of the Jaidbynriew is that we have a Khadar system which is different from other Jaidbynriew and it is because of this that we will also receive protection through the Sixth Schedule.
Also present on the occasion were the Depot Incharge of FCI Jowai Sanjoy Kumar Das, teachers and staff of FCI Jowai.
The weather radar was installed in Sohra by the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) which is related to the highest rainfall in the world.
Through these golden threads of social rights between man and God.
We should surprise the people to stand up and fight quickly and quickly to get our own Hynniew Trep state. We should not delay or delay. trah
The longer argument is that Abraham prayed to God that if there were 45 or 40 or 30 or 20 or 10 righteous people , finally God decided not to destroy them burn Sodom and Gomorrah if there are only 10 righteous people. He said – “I will not destroy it for the sake of 10 people” Genesis 18:3
However, this broken area will soon be filled with garbage and garbage and will cause a terrible smell like the marten in Shillong.
Due to the intensity of the fire, the fire brigade has also sought the assistance of the army and the army.
Saron Pasweth who is also the MDC of the area congratulated S Quotient for publishing the books and the story of Swet and Sangari.
Under the Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana (Grameen) (PMAY-G) in 2021-22, the construction of 8167 houses has been completed at a cost of Rs 6910 lakh.
The award ceremony was attended by the Environmental Engineer of the State Pollution Control Board, Bah S Syiem and the Principal of Synod College Shillong, Dr. RM Lyngdoh.
The synsar is wrapped in a byrni after being weighed and separated according to the quality which means number one or ten number, number two and so on and the price is also determined according to the quality and quality.
The gold medal winners are
Wherever we go, wherever we turn, we see only a traffic jam that has caused trouble to the residents.
“This workshop has helped me to have the courage to speak whether it is on stage or to speak to children,” he said.
During the investigation, police said that Raju had revealed the name of Jop Siangshai who was the moneylender and also the one who took the drugs.
On the other hand, the Minister of Education, Ma Lakmen Rymbui, today sent his condolences to the families of the victims.
Recently, the KSKSM including the KSU, HYC and HANM Mawsynram Circle have strongly condemned the plan of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram to own the Mawjymbuin Crematorium. They have been the owners of the Dorbar Shnong Mawsynram since ancient times.
Modi stressed on the government’s efforts in modern healthcare sectors and skilling of human resources and said that new employment capabilities are not limited to the healthcare sectors of countries but they can also turn the country into a tourist destination in terms of health services.
Coal has been included in the list of Major Minerals, such as Coal and others under the MMDR Act 1957, Government of India.
Shillong: The residents of Shangpung Moolibang (Pyrmai) village have thrown down a barrel at the Sub Station in the village as a sign of protest against the power outage. , because of the transformer failure.
According to a report released by the office of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, 11 people are still missing and 22 seriously injured.
Knerktilang Buam scored the two goals for Riatsamthiah in the 2nd and 11th minutes.
The court issued the order on the request of the State Government and the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) during the hearing on Tuesday.
Robert said that the Lyngdoh clan should come forward against this misuse of the Lyngdoh clan.
Speeches were delivered by President David Laitphlang, Secretary Powell Sohkhlet, Joint Secretary Martin Nongkhlaw, Rining Lyngdoh, Tilak Rai and other members. There was also a special prayer for his soul to rest in peace.
In a meeting with reporters yesterday, Narayanasamy said that in any party there are always internal differences and what is needed is to resolve many of the issues. The party in this state has also resolved all the issues.
In Tripura, Haryana Governor Captain Singh Solanki was also present.
After the Government of India has allocated only T.1 crore to the ADCs for the year 2016-17, many discussions have emerged on the CEM's promise to the KSU in recent days to improve the ADCs. The budget for the improvement of roads in Mawthabah area has increased from T.20 crore to T.25 crore which he promised to provide through the grant that the Council will receive from the central government not from T.133 crore but from the song money is a new thing.
It is time to change some of the rules of community governance for the benefit of all.
The loss in the railway sector has reached Rs 2 lakh, including the loss of seven train compartments, one engine and seven railway bridges.
Millions of them will fall like a mountain and they will be the most miserable people and their families in the world.
Rakkam, also known as Rikchie, was shot dead at his residence in Williamnagar, Rakkam's residence in Damagre, 2 kilometers from Williamnagar.
The camp was inaugurated by Naba Bhattacharjee, Honorary Secretary MCA and Member of the BCCI NADP Committee at the MCA Cricket Polo Ground, Shillong.
Meanwhile, the Kynshi Stage II project implemented by Jaypee Groups is still facing difficulties due to lack of power from the department as it is a uranium mining site.
Speaking to reporters at the same place, Minister Iew K Langstieh said that after the completion of the Motphran Bridge, some people have come to complain to the Hima and they have documents to show that It is their land which they have received permission since the reign of Pa'iem Francis Syiem, so he said that the Hima has authorized them to build shops there, but after these Minister Langstieh said that he will take the complaint to the Hima to discuss the matter.
AmenThank you very much.
That's enough, sir, you go with these children, maybe they'll be surprised and lose their minds,” said the brother.
It was during his reign that the British agent David Scott in Assam wanted to connect northern Assam with northern Sylhet by asking permission from Syiem Tirot Singh to build a road through Nongkhlaw.
Isn't that your own selfishness? If we want to better understand patriotism, we must measure the fruit of self-love and love for one's family.
Dr. Jitendra Singh said that in the North East, the number of positive cases, which was 3.96% on July 30, 2021, has dropped to 2.94% on 2nd November
Make up is by Alisha Mawlong.
According to a statement sent by Romel Mawlot, the movement of heavy vehicles; These bridges will not last long and it poses a threat to the people of these villages who pass through these bridges every day.
The MLA said that the implementation of these two projects has been completed and she hopes that the projects will be completed within the stipulated timeframe.
RP Kalita, PVSM, UYSM, AVSM, SM,VSM, said, “The Durand Cup is a pride that the Indian Army has achieved This tournament has been held for more than 100 years.
The patient arrived at Guwahati airport on 15th March and was admitted to a hospital on 17th March.
In this regard, he said that the KHADC will send a letter to the government to stop the land acquisition in Saitsohpen.
This legislative process has changed now because the government, which is in power, has taken the responsibility to legislate and once it is ready, it brings those laws to the House for adoption. However, MLAs or MPs may introduce their own laws and it is up to the House whether to accept or reject them.
He said this was done after the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma removed the Mylliem MLA as Minister of Urban Affairs.
“He is the oldest member of the House but he speaks two languages,” said James Sangma.
For a while, there was a stir among the crowd who alleged that these five persons were talking badly to the crowd, but when the police arrived, they were able to extinguish the fire. Police have arrested five persons.
The Vice President of the MPCC, Bah Nehimaia Tyngkan, on Tuesday said that the five fugitives who were shot dead by the Assam police in Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills are not timber thieves as claimed. The Assam police, however, are only farmers, who live by farming.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the expenditure for the fight against the pandemic is not enough, but the state government is fighting as much as it can to provide for all. The All Party Meeting was held today.
They said that this fish pond has been in existence since 1953, when the residents of Goronghali now known as Maikhuli built it themselves, and in 2008, On the 16th of November, the Dorbar of this village has already registered this pond with the HSSTT, Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi.
Shillong: Former CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, on Tuesday said that the incumbent Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, should not be the Governor of any state because he is biased.
She also said there are seven neighborhood homes that keep hundreds of chickens.
Shillong: The Chief Organizer of the FKJGP Mawlai Circle, Bah Marbud Dkhar, has retired from the FKJGP Mawlai Circle. The meeting was held at the Auditorium Hall of the Polytechnic, Mawlai.
The District Level Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament will be held from 26th November at Mairang.
Marshall congratulated the village leaders of these villages who have accepted his donation to deliver to the poor families.
“It has been warned that those in charge will be held responsible and if trees are cut down, they will be held responsible,” said the EM. “I have already held a meeting on this.
The spirit of grace that God would open their eyes which they had not seen all along, and their ears that they would hear that Jesus is the Messiah whom they had rejected and receive him in that world. and he was in Jerusalem.
He said that in the past, when they wanted to eat meat, they used to go to the fields just to eat.
On the other hand, the MLA also informed the Dorbar Shnongs that he is ready to install 265 Solar Street Lights in different parts of the Constituency.
He said that according to the information provided by these foreigners, some people have sent them to work in the area, but when they Members of the party have arrested these foreigners, these smugglers, have not dared to come forward for talks.
Nongpoh: The Amur Falcon, the leader of the Tyrso Valley Wildlife Protection Society (TVWPS), Bah Alos Nongpoh, today said that the Amur Falcon has returned to Umru village. They invite the public or tourists to witness these birds, which come once a year to the area and are birds that come from Siberia.
At the end of the Ri Bhoi Super Talent Show Season-1 2018, 'The Leaonix' from Saisen Village, became the winner of the competition. The Green Image' from Byrnihat came second place while Bloming S.Sylliang from Iewmawlong came fourth place.
“Therefore no one can force another language anywhere.
Many of us use Whatsapp to send messages or videos to our relatives, friends, colleagues and so on, but this time through the Whatsapp group a organization has emerged. to assist the people in the fight against the Corona Virus or COVID-19 and the problems arising from the implementation of the National Lockdown.
The speakers on the Lord's Day will be Rev. JA Dkhar at 10:30 pm, Rev. Dr. RR Cunville at 1:30 pm and Rev. Lyndan at 6:30 pm. King.
Superintendent of Police Bikram D Marak, while speaking on the occasion, said that the establishment of this Police Out Post in Barato, one of the villages near the border areas, will provide assistance to the residents of Barato. He said that there are about 21 villages under this POP which includes a large number of people. thousand 26 thousand.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah WB Rynjah, said that the tournament is part of the celebration of the Golden Jubilee of the Seng Khasi College. It has taken the initiative to conduct many programmes.
On the allegation that the President has acted alone and biased, Hek said the party will convene a meeting to discuss the resignation of Shangpliang.
Roshan, who held the Ministry of Home Affairs, has lost her job and has been given the Ministry of Health, Higher and Technical Education, Law and Cooperation.
The finals will also be held in the Philippines, Japan and Indonesia from 25th to 10th November
The Government should take immediate action to strengthen the Narcotic Act which is currently in force.
The Khasi court in the past was in its own right.
“This has made me happy to contest the MDC election,” he said.
Police have informed that anyone who has seen the suspect should call 9485178835 and
He said that as the scheme is working well, the present government has decided to continue implementing the second phase.
Shillong: The JSU (JSU) has launched a search operation in the border areas of Assam on the 2nd of this month to prevent the illegal entry of illegal immigrants from Assam. pages that have been excluded from the NRC of Assam.
This method of online payment is accepted according to the current era but it puts us in trouble because the old ones are treated like new ones so it is difficult because the people have to pay online to go up to 5 or 6 times to cyber because KHADC does not provide documents.
He said that as it appears in Assam, it is admitted that there are millions of illegal immigrants but after the NRC, only 19 lakh illegal immigrants have been found.
“In all the elections in the state, money comes first, but I want to explain to the people that the time has come not to put money before voting,” he said.
“Let us walk in this world not as ignorant people, but as wise people”, urged Bah Khrang.
Bah Nongsiej, is also a night watchman, who starts working at 9, 10 pm and if he finishes early it reaches 2, 3 pm. but it is said that he slept longer.
As Christians, we base all these things on the Word of God (the Bible).
The film, directed by Mukesh Chhabra, was released today on Disney and Hostar.
On the other hand, United SC will remember this match for missing many golden opportunities.
What we should be grateful for is that we have an independent state with a Government that looks after the needs of the people and these two communities, and when there is any problem we inform the When we talk about any issue of any ethnic group whether it is the issue of Garo-Achik or the issue of Khasi-Pnar, we should talk with understanding, with on the basis that it is true and fair, so that one ethnic group can support another ethnic group for the sake of bringing good whether it is the Garo or the Khasi-Pnar.
Avinash and Trejosh took one wicket each for St Anthony's.
The number of confirmed cases has risen to 86,39,023 while the death toll has risen to 4,59,4
The dorbar, which started at 11 pm, with about 400,500 delegates, renewed the office bearers of the Dorbar Shnong and included Bah Wantei Swett as Secretary, Bah Sharlan Dop. as Treasurer and Robert Kharrubai as Asstt Secretary and also confirmed the members of the Executive Dorbar, who came from different households.
Weisz has to beat the meat harder so that the heat comes out of his hands when he beats the meat, without breaking the meat and so that it will be enough to bang bang.
“There are some opposing parties and we have asked the DC to talk to the land owners and the parties because the money is available and they need to be resolved,” he said.
The second match of the tournament will be between Nangkiew Irat SC and Rangdajied United FC at 4 pm.
The arrested were identified as Binoy Debbarma, 38, and Photo Kumar Debbarma, 30, of Dhariathal village in West Tripura district.
When the fish seeds have grown, they can be harvested from these ponds by the farmers themselves to produce fish in the market.
Teachers including Kong I.Lyngdoh Mawnai, Vice Principal, Mairang Science College, explained how students who continue their education can choose after completing class
Earlier, the Pledge was delivered by Ma R.Nartiang.
From school to home, to the library, watch TV, sleep.
“However, we didn't criticize him at that time, because it wouldn't be difficult for him to talk about the Reservation Policy, because he is the President of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP). “UDP General Secretary Jemino Mawthoh, although he did not invite us, went to meet him,” said Bah Paul. .
Shillong: After the report on the murder of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, many churches have raised questions on the concealment of the names of the police involved in the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew. Thank you.
However, in Khasi society, once married, there is no discrimination and they accept each other in the society whether they are women with their relatives or even with Dkhar men.
“At a meeting with party leaders in Delhi in the presence of Amit Shah, these MLAs promised to join the BJP but the date and time has not been fixed,” he said. Priest.
And the people should also demand it because how can we listen to one side without looking at others who oppose? If they don't do something new, it will be an example that will prove that the indigenous people will be foreigners in their own right.
“There will be no such thing but the victory will strengthen the MDA government until the end of the five-year term,” said Dr Jemino, who was returning from Delhi at a meeting convened by the Election Commission of India.
There is no need for a fee for those who come to visit, but for those who participate, the fee is in the category of vehicles.
According to the Minister, the access of foreigners to run trade and other activities is due to the permission of the villagers who are their agents.
Nongstoin: The Secretary of the School Managing Committee Association, Bah Hopestandard Myrthong, today said that the distribution of daily foodgrains by the distributors of the Government has been very slow. , because there is no fund and the government food distributors come to the school balcony to bring 50 kg of byrni.
Ma Swer said that the Indian government's coal mining law is still in force in Meghalaya, but it is up to the state government to talk to the Indian government. will repeal the law, said the leader of the coal traders association.
Litalin Jyrwa from Jakrem II, Driewlin Thongni from Awro and Mawthawpdah PHC were also announced as the Best Performance ASHAs. I think.
Both the matches will be broadcast live on the YouTube Channel of the Meghalaya State League.
The Phase-I elections in Meghalaya will be held on 19th June. The counting of votes will be held on 4th July.
In the Dorbar Shnongs, these issues should be explained.
The office bearers were President Purity Phawa, Vice President Ibapalei Wahlang and Greenland Rymbai, General Secretary Yokadaphi Slong and others.
Ms J Synnah explained about the Nashamukt Bharat Abhiyan, which is a scheme of the Central Government to reduce drug abuse.
The order will not apply to health workers, employees of the Shillong Municipal Board, presses, pharmacies and banks.
This ritual was performed properly to please the gods, and that they too, might protect and protect the son of a thousand from the demons and all the enemies.
By cleaning the jar , all the garbage such as bottles , plastic , clothes and other items carried by the water will be left in one place and from there they will be collected and when the garbage truck arrives, they will put it in the garbage dump and throw it in the garbage dump.
The 23rd Meghalaya Games held at Tura, West Garo Hills District has won 359 medals including 132 gold medals and 105 gold medals. silver medals and 122 bronze medals.
There is no need for parents to send their children to school so that they have to stay at home after completing their studies at higher levels.
Don’t buy articles from Kashmir emporia or Kashmiri tradesman who come every winter.
He said that East Khasi Hill will not be able to host this tournament because there are too many games at the Polo Ground and there is no space to play.
Without hiding the information received, it was learned that some senior Congress leaders including the Prime Minister are in favor of condemning the CEM while leaders like Dr. DD Lapang, Bah Prestone Tynsong, HDR Lyngdoh said they supported the CEM although it was not openly but it could be from within.
It was on this day that Syiem Tirot Singh attacked and the Anglo Khasi War began.
When asked, the General Secretary of the HFU, Bah Alfondbirth Kharsyntiew said, the questions included, “The lack of seeds that the department delivers to the farmers.
The Principal of St. Margaret's Higher Secondary School, Sister Mary Saio, congratulated the teachers who have worked hard in taking extra classes and holding classes longer for the students. children in November and July.
It was also found that all the pigs died of the same disease. The one who died today at Umran Dairy will be post mortem tomorrow by the doctors of Umran Dairy. The veterinary department will not be able to determine the cause of death.
However, Shiv Sena leader Sanjay Raut admitted that Rajput had no close relationship with his father.
Speaking after the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said the government has set up the committee after the political parties have suggested to gather detailed information and provide clarity. and that they may comment on any remaining doubts about the Roster system.
How weak are the rangbah or soldiers of Nongkhlaw that they cannot arrest such a person because even if he is released or sent away with a miaw, it will not be enough.
He said that if it were these days, even the JCBs would have found it difficult to carry the stones.
“Is it only because he is from the Congress party, even if he is a thlong?” asked the president of the HSPDP. He also called on the people to support the MDA candidate. in order to achieve a glorious victory.
At a meeting held recently in Mawhati, Bah Clement Mawlong, President of the NPP in Ri Bhoi, said that the NPP in Ri Bhoi, has increased with the passing of the days. there is a very strong hope that in 2023, it will make a big difference.
The office bearers of the Jowai Block Trinamool Congress Party were also confirmed at the ceremony.
The transportation and vehicle fees for the delivery of these items under these schemes will be paid by the Government to the Wholesalers or Dealers as usual from time to time.
They played well at the start of the first innings, with both their openers scoring half-centuries each.
By Mr. Philip Marwein.
“What about you?” asked Lydia. “I'm right...” replied Bah Let.
Police recovered 60 grams of heroin weighing 2.25 grams and T.2,500 from the bodies of the suspects.
Dommawlien FC won the title in the 3rd Division after beating Tiehsyniangoiñ FC 3-2 in a tie-breaker after scoring 10 goals at the NDSA Stadium in Nongpyndeng.
“It’s very important to beat Lebanon because they are a strong team.
Apart from this, the ED team also seized gold jewelery worth Rs 2.85 crore and gold bars worth Rs 60 lakh.
Prime Minister Duh emphasized the close relationship of people of his age with radio.
The UDP has already announced 46 candidates of which 16 are from Garo Hills.
Lumsohphoh Village is one of the villages in Nongpoh and falls under the Containment Zone, as there have been many cases of Covid-19 inside the village.
However, now that the end of the term is near, you will deny that you have no part,” said Bah Ronnie, adding that the UDP should remember that they cannot interfere in all the working methods of this government.
( on demand for the re-unification of the areas with Jaintia Hills theirs homeland).
Regarding the incident, Superintendent of Police Dhawal Jaiswal said that about six persons have been arrested on charges of involvement in the incident.
They have given the government until 15th July to pay their salaries for the remaining three months of March, November and November, said the President of the Union, Bah Erwin Sutnga.
If they had been stingy at that time like many others who were involved in other jobs, perhaps their path in education or in their future had gone differently.
Construction began in 1911 and the Viceroy's house and office were designed by architects Edwin Landsler Lutyens and Herbert Baker.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The UDP Mylliem Constituency on Tuesday held a ceremony to honor three football players from Upper Shillong who represented Meghalaya in the Under 15 Sub Junior National Football Championship. in Mumbai and also who have brought fame and glory to the State, the nation and the region as a whole as the champion.
G Dohling said that many people want to farm, but after careful consideration they have chosen this SHG known as Pamswet Self Help Group because they are not a group that is interested. to cultivate flowers and has a large area.
The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya on 19th November, 2019 passed a Resolution to implement the ILP in Meghalaya. resol satia even though three years have passed.
Pynïaid said the new EC will not issue a No Objection Certificate (NoC) for the construction of the railway line in Ri Bhoi.
Captain Dipan Kar Baruah also scored 42 runs.
There was also one student who wrote privately for the examination and got into the Top 10 of the HSSLC result. She got 8Position with a total of 428 marks.
It’s exciting, but at the same time very scary.
There are many projects related to the Meghalaya Ecotourism Infrastructure Development Project, such as the construction of roads, which fall under the supervision of the Public Works Department (PWD), but they have been implemented by the company. Ltd.
The Congress will win not only in North Shillong, but in the whole state,” said Bah JA Lyngdoh.
The residents immediately informed the police and the police came to fulfill all the requirements according to the law.
The vote totals of the candidates from the 4th Mowkaiaw Constituency are as follows; Nujorki Sungoh (UDP)-14,508 votes, Habahun Dkhar (NPP) – 10,607 votes, Nehemaya Tungkan (INC) – 10,290 votes, Lasting Suchiang (TMC)- 872 votes, Currentis Rabon (BJP) – 110 votes 3rd NOTE – 360 votes.
The story also says that 'U Maw-Peiñ' was able to bring the Name and Glory as 'U Li-Peiñ', the stone that holds the right to bring peace from God.
It was during this period that he took the initiative and encouraged the Catholic Authors' Guild to hold a Symposium to commemorate the 25th Anniversary of the death of Father Hopewell Elias.
“We send this clear message to the Chief Minister of Assam, to stop the slander, to stop the nonsense, to say that Mukroh village still falls under West Karbi Anglong, Assam, “According to the documents available to the village authorities and the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council, they have confirmed that Mukroh village still falls under Meghalaya,” he said.
The union expresses its surprise that the authorities have been able to enter freely without being arrested by the government authorities especially that all these authorities who have been arrested have to pass through the Infiltration Check Gate (ICG). which is located in the village of Ratacherra.
Police are conducting a thorough investigation to track down the suspects.
In Ïawmusiang, the chief guest was the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek.
On the other hand, the GHBC expresses its gratitude and blessings to the players of the club who have had this opportunity to take part in this tournament.
Now she has struggled to speak false words and also to make false accusations against others," he said.
I believe we don't want to see, feel once again the destruction like the 'wah umkhrah'
He said that the state police department is responsible for the maintenance of peace among the communities and any attempt to commit acts of violence will fall under the provisions of the law.
Roikhih Nongtdu scored the first goal for Ialong FC in the 56th minute.
Shillong, Nailar 20 : Police in West Garo Hills on Saturday arrested a drug dealer and seized heroin worth T.2 crore from his body.
Speaking to reporters, Munda said that the annual number of train collisions from 2004 to 2014 has been 171 more or less.
The Minister discussed many issues with the residents during the programme.
The BSF in collaboration with the Meghalaya Police have seized 67 cows from the smugglers to Bangladesh.
Some people are unaware of the importance of cleaning up before going outside and believe that this is just a waste of time.
Similarly, four other departments, which are in the line of research on newly emerging diseases, have said that Covid-19 is a self-inflicted disease and While these two other departments have not been able to explain or say anything on the cause of the outbreak of Covid-19 this year.
Speaking to media, CCORMAU Vice President Bah Arju Dkhar said that this is not the first time that MeECL employees have been suspended. He alleged that the delay of MeECL in releasing the salaries of the employees is illegal.
Khliehriat, November 23: Leaders and members of the Khasi Students Union Narpuh Circle together with the Waheh Shnongs of Narpuh area, at a special meeting held at the Sweet Chile Hotel in Mynkre, discussed the situation. KSU Narpuh Circle together with the Waheh Shnongs of Narpuh will take strong action against the National Highway (NH-6) in Narpuh. The NHAI is still working to repair the NH-6
Along with the presence of the invited guests among others.
To complete the remaining work, an additional amount of Rs 30 crore is required.
He said that the traffic will continue according to the arrangement of the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Amlarem and that the safety measures, arranged by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, should apply to all those in the area. this is the card.
Therefore, the channels should investigate the truth.
They said that he informed them that he is a 27-year-old man and that his girlfriend had turned against him after they had been together for three years and now she has married someone else. he loves her too much and can’t live without her.
According to the complaint, the child was raped twice, one in the rice field in the village before Christmas and another on the 13th of this month at her residence in Mawten. These children are between the ages of 14 to 16, from the same village while another is 11 years old.
We must also avoid things that are unrighteous and unreasonable.
A man, when he is cleansed of his sins, says – Ah, what shall we do? Peter said to them, “Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. of the Holy Spirit)" Acts 2:3
“We demand the immediate arrest of all those involved in the attack on KHADC officials and journalists,” said UDP Joint Secretary Bah Donkupar Sumer.
Aircel has warned the public to be vigilant against such people and not to believe them unless they receive phone calls and messages from numbers starting with +9
Even without thew checkpoints, the High Court said it is clear that such vehicles, some of which do not have only license plates, are overloaded.
These people have been demanding from the Government of Meghalaya their basic civic amenities; They demanded roads, PHCs and mobile towers in the area on the India-Bangladesh border in East Jaintia Hills District.
According to police, Akoijan left his house with his girlfriend Thokchom Sonia (40 years old).
Now you pay T.17 a day, it is a violent and unjust act against their daily lives”.
Shillong: U Gurjeet Singh, Leader of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC), on Tuesday said that the people of Iewmawlong (Themmetor) will decide whether to vote or not for the election. The 2023 election is coming.
The Additional Advocate-General said that there should be no delay in this regard, and hoped that the landfill would start operating by the end of this year or so. like a day after this.
During the inspection, the union said that none of the three foreign workers in the mine have proper documents.
Ms Toi promised the SMC to pay the salaries from her own budget for the salaries of the teachers and also directed the members of the SMC to appoint teachers and admit the students in this year. next year.
The Governor of Meghalaya today sent a letter to the High Court requesting him to send the case to the Attorney General of India.
The last question is – Why do the Khasi writers create the phrase 'u lyngngam u diko' when u lyngngam is not related to diko? On this question, Babu said, “Isn't Diko Lyngngam? "I replied to him," the lyngngam remained a lyngngam, while the diko was a Garo.
This is according to a statement by Bah GEM Kharpuri, Secy.
In a statement, Bah Manbha Kyndoh Daloi of the Elaka and Bah C. Lamare, Secretary of the Elaka, have warned against those who take advantage of these hours of curfew.
The age limit for the U-15 category will be from July 1, 2006 and for the U-18 category, July 1, 2003, the statement said.
“The statement shows clearly how this political party from West Bengal thinks of Meghalaya, its people and their culture,” he added.
The KSU Jaïaw Circle has a statue of Syiem Tirot Singh which was erected by the KSU Jaïaw Circle in 2003, and the KSU has received information that the department has removed this statue.
He said that as we can see today, those who hold and operate the trade in Majai are non-Khasis, and the Council will not be able to issue trading licenses if they are not Khasi. people from Meghalaya, because the land is bordered by Bangladesh.
There are two clashes between humans and wild elephants in Rongsakre and Taburanbari and the Election Department has sent two teams to prevent the blockade of voters by wild elephants.
Meanwhile, Ukrainian troops are expected to recapture Kherson, one of the largest cities captured by Russian troops.
He said that not all the current sitting MLAs will win the elections in
Most of the speakers at the event spoke on the issue of child abuse and how to protect their rights.
MANBHA LYNGDOH (PDF) –
According to a government source, the project has been approved by the NERC CDIP.
The UDP has been turning away from the Khasi since the time of GG Swell.
This was announced by the Co Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, Bah John F Kharshiing after a meeting with a delegation from Siliguri.
The Archbishop of the KJP Synod, Pastor NW Phawa, when asked about this, said that he has not yet received any exact information on this and for that reason, he cannot say anything.
Before the birth of Jesus Christ, according to the word of God, by the prophets like Isaiah saying – Therefore the Lord himself will give you a sign; behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel.
Dr Nonglait denied that this would be a delay after the state government through the Legislative Assembly has already set up a committee to find ways to fight for the Khasi language to enter the 5th Schedule. .
According to the mother, in the household of these people, all the men leave the shñiuh and tie the shñiuh in the form of 'Deadlocks' as is commonly known. Their shñiuh, is the nature and belief of these peoples.
Surprisingly, this spread has not only happened in the rural areas, but also in the urban areas like Nongstoiñ as witnessed in these days.
While the preparations are underway, the question is whether there will be a candidate from Khasi-Jaintia to prepare for the post of Chief Minister in the elections next year. , which for many years, as a state, has been ruled or occupied only by the leaders of the Garo Hills.
India is a great laboratory for the welfare of the world.
Bah Malngiang and Bah War were accused of fighting against the SEC meeting on Monday.
Therefore, they are no longer afraid to sin when they leave the synagogue because God does not see them anymore.
The DC was accompanied by Bah Sensy Lyngdoh, Lyngdoh of Raid Nongkhrah, Bah Marcus Marten, President of HNYF and other dignitaries.
Therefore, all the residents of these villages who fall under the containment area and other neighboring villages are requested to cooperate and assist the contact tracing teams to visit their villages. to collect information, to get the names of all those people who have been in contact with those who have been infected with coVID-1
The incident ha Umwali has shown clearly that Assam has a goal to destroy the people of the area and this means that the villagers should not fight against, or they shall have to flee and become refugees in their own country.
However, how can society survive if the people do not begin to understand and understand the new era.
The BJP state ruling doesn't need to be proposed centrally like Assam.
“We need research, training institutions and the government should support this to be in the North East,” he said.
And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment: Hebrews 9:2
The UDP, Congress, NCP, HSPDP and BJP have nominated their candidates for the contest and all are waiting for the results tomorrow.
The VDP members have erected a signboard more than 50 or 60 meters from the place where the Entry Tax Gate has been erected by the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) at Khanduli.
“This support of the people has encouraged me to continue to provide more services to the villages and especially to improve the 1-Nartiang Constituency.
It would be a shame, if public administration to become representative leadership will be run by unqualified billionaires while teachers who want to take part in public administration to become representative leaders are banned from participating in public administration we will inevitably have a weak public administration that will not be able to work in all aspects and will not be able to serve and benefit the people.
It took only 15 to 20 minutes to clear the road and after that the vehicles that were supposed to pass through the road started traveling as usual.
The seven-day vaccination campaign started on 11th October 2024 through the District Joint Steering Committee on Rabies Elimination of East Khasi Hills. , Shillong Municipal Board, HUFAN together with the Dorbar Shnong.
Police have received information from the family members that the man left home last night to drop off his brother-in-law and walked through Killing Road at about 10 pm and did not return home. Police have registered a case against the suspect and the investigation is ongoing.
Out of the four Ministerial posts in the MDA-I government, only two have been given in the MDA-II government and if they continue to support in 2028, the NPP will zero them.
BJP National General Secretary Rituraj Sinha said any vote that goes to the Congress is a vote in vain.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the state government is ready to release a report on the settlement of the border between Assam and Meghalaya. The State Government has met with the Union Minister of Home Affairs.
The MPSC has become a hideout for the family members and 'si-samkhmut' of government officials.
As mentioned earlier, Dalals earn money illegally which has affected the people and their behavior as Government employees has deprived the youth of job seekers the right to get jobs from this is a Government department.
“However, the office has not issued the NOC yet even though I have visited the office three times because the old NOC was issued in January 2013,” said Bah Rani.
This happened at 9 pm.
The first Political Agent was Col.
A statement sent by Dr. Bremly WB Lyngdoh said that this program is to showcase the culture of various ethnic groups of the North East living abroad and was organized in collaboration with the Nehru Centre. , London.
The present government, perhaps because it has many young ministers, has not introduced any new scheme to improve the lives of the residents.
Shillong, Nailur 24 : More than 443 doctoral students and doctors who have been supported by the government or who have gone to study medicine from the government have not come back to work in the state government health centres.
On the placards, the FoRMLD leaders wrote, “The increase in the price of vehicles, the increase in the price of goods is due to the poor condition of the road.” ," and more.
The will of the people cannot be changed or stopped,” said Santa.
Shillong, Jymmang 06 : BJP Leader and South Shillong Candidate Bah Sanbor Shullai, on Tuesday said that the MLA election-2023 will be an election that he will win easily due to the lack of strong candidates.
Nongpoh: U Bah Blik Sohtun from Sabuda village, who is also the leader of the Rangbah Shnongs of Block-2 area, has been one of the snar or rishot to fight against the government. On the border crossing issues of Assam in the villages of Block-2, Raid Nongtung, he criticized the lack of attention of the government and District Council to resolve the issues that often arise in Block-2 .
Speaking after the meeting, the Deputy Chief Executive Member (Dy.CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, said that before the arrival of the foreigners in the country, the ownership of the land, The forests, the hills, the rivers, the customs and traditions remain the rule and during the time of the government, it cannot affect the kingdoms, it cannot destroy the customs and traditions and after the government has left After the signing of the Instrument of Accession (IoA) and the Annexed Agreement (AA) with the Khasi Hima, it was made clear that the forests, land and even the judgment will belong to the Khasi Hima.
Regarding the review of the railway line to East Jaintia Hills, Conrad said that he would also discuss with the residents and others before deciding whether to implement the project.
They also told Shah that before taking any decision, especially on the issue of Khadar rule, their first priority is to consult with these Naga MLAs.
He urged the people to elect him as their MLA in
“The government is acting slowly and it is the duty of the leaders, and I urge the leaders to send it to the central government to include the Khasi language in the Constitution of India,” he said.
Looking at the state, it can be seen that the smaller parties are the losers in this party election.
It is to be recalled that the employees of GHADC, who are under the umbrella of NGEA, have been on strike since 14th November 2020 to demand their salary which they have not received for 32 months.
The Department of Community & Rural Development continues to implement poverty alleviation programs in the rural areas.
Speaking to reporters, Dr War said that the 121 people who have tested positive for covid-19 in East Khasi Hills District include 97 high risk contacts, 5 soldiers and 7 nurses. and six employees of Civil Hospital, one doctor and one nurse of Ganesh Das Hospital.
On the other hand, the drivers of commercial vehicles, who used to serve the public in their daily commute, said that this ban on the bridge will cause a lot of trouble to the drivers of commercial vehicles and passengers because The Shillong Airport road to Mawlai Mawtawar has been requested by the drivers of commercial vehicles to repair the road immediately. Therefore, they cannot increase the fare of the people.
He has participated in many marathons including the Mumbai Marathon in 2018, China in 2019, the 1st Sohra International Half Marathon in 2022, Udaipur and Gujarat this year. .
Shillong, Nailar 02: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) on Tuesday alleged that the office of the District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO) of West Jaintia Hills District has appointed 19 posts. posts without complying with the rules of procedure of the State Government.
The JSU is ready to fully support the KNGCSU in any form or means of protest as this is for the benefit of the students of this college. College and the entire Jaintia Hills.
Elizabeth, the only woman from the state, has been selected to compete in the ICF World Cup in Prague in July
The Meghalaya Assembly Standing Committee on Environment has found that there are many coke factories in Shallang, West Khasi Hills in the past two years.
These truck drivers and owners urged the District authorities and police authorities to take action against such illegal collection of money as it affects their income.
Speaking at the Id celebration, Nongrum said that the UCC is not Muslim but should not be divided on the basis of faith.
The writer of the letter to the Hebrews also expresses this in these words: "For here have we no continuing city, but we seek one to come.
Police on receiving a complaint from the Assistant Executive Engineer of Amlarem Sub-Division rushed to the village to take necessary action.
It is time for the Government to take action against the use of plastic as it is very dangerous to the health of the people.
After the programme, awards were distributed to the winners of the rally who wrote anti-drug slogans at Horirai Syiemlieh Memorial Higher Secondary School, Photjaud-Rangthong. Rangthong Christian Higher Secondary School came second, Thiepdiengngan Kenïong Presbyterian Secondary School came third and a special prize went to Tbehjingshai Village Organization.
He said that the members have requested to convene an urgent and special meeting of the Academic Council to discuss the inappropriate implementation of the NEP 2020 at the UG level in the affiliated colleges. and NEHU without the approval of the Academic Council in accordance with Regulation RA-5, Clause 13, under Clauses (1) (a) and (2) of Statute
She said many teachers talk about the Three-H formula for the smooth progress of children where the first H is the Heart, the second H is the Head. ' and the H is 'Hand'
Another important area is education.
Promises can only be fulfilled to those who are willing to be faithful and to those who are willing to know their true rights, according to the promises.
On the other hand, Bah Hek said that earlier there were speakers on this issue who cannot be named who had already spoken to bring peace between the HNLC and the CM and these people were I'm from Meghalaya, I'm from Meghalaya.
He said that the villages in the Ri-Bhoi district have been overrun by foreigners who have been allowed to enter freely with the permission of the Rangbah Shnongs.
The injured were taken to Civil Hospital Jowai but later shifted to Shillong for treatment.
You don't have to be on the road, Drive Slowly.
Arunachal Pradesh also performed traditional dances during the harvest.
Another struggle of hers as a brave leader for the nation is to demand ILP. At this time too, she has shown herself as a great advocate for the protection of her own country. The BJP government has passed the CAB at that time and the CAA has been amended now.
This can come in the soil from plants or animals.
When asked about the High Court's ruling on the issue, Conrad said, “The state government has the powers to investigate such cases. illegal coal mining".
Shillong: More than 1,000 people from Sohra and across Meghalaya have gathered in Ichamati to protest against the CAA. Member of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Lurshai Hynniewta was honored at the memorial service of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Sohra.
It is the duty of every family, clan, community and nation to come forward to discuss, discuss and give advice on how to help our children/youth to they will escape marriage when they are not old enough.
Shylla recalled that the CEM had told the media on 21st March, 2016 that the letter of the KHCF has not been found yet. “The CEM has tried to hide that the documents have been lost - the letter is no longer there. , but as soon as we talk about 204 IPC, oh the letter is in the file, I'm afraid I'll get imprisoned for 2 years - I've found what was lost,” said Bah Shylla in the House. The CEM has written to the Secretary and reading the letter, he said that the CEM has asked the Secretary to immediately find a way to receive the T.35 lakh.
Musk, the world's richest man, said the goal is Ukraine, where the winner will get Ukraine.
Speaking to media, Hek said the visit was to check the condition of the Covid patients and other patients.
Jowai, 9th November: The Movement for Indigenous Peoples' Rights (MIPRL) has sent a letter to the Member Secretary of Meghalaya. The State Pollution Control Board (MsPCB) has demanded that the government should provide an explanation on the basis of Forms 1 and 2, as distributed to the public and also to explain the laws on water and sanitation. wind.
He said it is the duty of the Government of India to fix the border between the states.
Character : English, the characteristic or manner and behavior that distinguishes people from one another.
In fact, we also found stones called mawbah.
At the closing ceremony, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports was the chief guest, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Bah Balajied Rani, MDC Nongpoh, Bah CSyrti, SP Ri Bhoi and others.
Paul said (Gal 6:7) "For whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.
They stayed for three nights in the camp of these rebels.
On social media, photographs of the incident have been circulated and some people have fled for shelter.
Last month, reports circulated that the Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya had sworn in the media against the TMC National Spokesperson, Saket Gokale.
He added that it is necessary to hold such tournaments to showcase the best shooters from the state and also for the North East as a whole.
Pandey said teams of CEOs should be vigilant to ensure the integrity of the election process and take strict legal action against those who violate it.
After the MLA apologized, the farmer leaders announced publicly that they had forgiven him.
“For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord, that we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep.
Assam Police this month have rescued 11 children (boys and girls) from Tinsukia District who were trafficked to other countries. state of the Northeast.
After the Minister explained the good intentions of the Hima, all the market dwellers returned to their places.
At the same time, the AJCCTA urged other political parties to take action against the smell of Coke so that it will not cause any disease to the people.
It is said that since childhood he was very good at crafts.
Meanwhile, other places like Nongkrem, Mawthadraishan, Rambrai-Myriaw and War West are still looking for suitable names.
Regarding the land, he said that the land has been lost while there are ADCs because it has been handed over to private universities, private schools, private factories, MUDA and its schools. The Hima Bhowal which falls under Mawsynram constituency has decided to hand over the land to HM Bhowal Hima. Cement to be mined.
The first match between Laitkroh SC and Mawkriah West SC, which started at 2 pm, had to be canceled due to heavy rain. .
Ka Kait: It improves the quality of life, promotes physical well-being and happiness.
The report also said that Byrnihat in Ri Bhoi District comes after these two towns.
So we couldn't finish it that day.
In 2018, during a search by the Income Tax department in Lucknow, Kanpur and Varanasi, Rs 28 lakh and gold worth Rs 28 lakh were recovered from Bhargava's property. 50 lakh.
Speaking to reporters, Zenith said that Bah Ransom, Executive Engineer of PWD (Building) and Dr WR Kharlukhi, MP Rajya Sabha and President NPP-Meghalaya, held the meeting. of the National People's Party (NPP) in Shillong North Constituency recently.
After Trossard's injury, Gabriel Martinelli came on as a substitute and soon after scored the fourth goal for Arsenal.
After receiving a complaint from the people of the area, the Khasi Student Union (KSU), EJHDU on 1st November, 2023 has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of the district regarding the excessive exploitation of vendors. sale.
Last month, KVK Nongshilong in collaboration with scientists from ICAR including Dr.G.Kndepan senior scientist from ICAR, and Dr Samir Das from NRC Hyderabad who is also in charge of the ICAR Regional Center NEH Umïam joined hands to provide training and explanation on how to farm rice for the purpose of increasing income and employment.
The seven students who lost their lives include Imon Baruah of Dibrugarh, Kaushik Mohan (Sivasagar), Arindam Bhuwal (Guwahati), Niyor Deka (Guwahati), Upangshu Sarma ( Nagaon), Rajkiran Bhuyan (Majuli) and Kaushik Baruah (Mangaldoi).
Because of the dumping of garbage by some of the residents, it pollutes and threatens the living things in these rivers.
Thus, on the one hand, there are those who have thrown away their wealth, who do not show to the world the existence of their lives, who show and throw away their wealth.
“We will go to the General Council on the 29th of next month because as you know that the term of office of the UDP has actually ended,” said the party's General Secretary, Dr. Jemino. Mawthoh was speaking to media after the Central Executive Committee (CEC) meeting of the party.
All of these games will be played at 3:15 p.m.
SHILLONG: KSU Laitumkhrah Unit together with Team Revolution Mma will hold a Maitshaphrang Fight Night (MCF) on the 19th June 2023 at Anton Hall starting at 3 pm.
Neil Nongkynrih (SCC) (2001), Silbi Passah (2014), Headingson Ryntathiang (2016).
Nongpoh: A group of youths and members of the RBYF, 20mer Circle in Ri Bhoi District, last night at 7 pm, managed to rescue a Khlathapsim, who was They came into one of the houses in the village.
“It is 100 percent what you say, because as a party from the beginning, we have prayed and trusted in God,” Ardent said.
He said that last year it was decided to hold the program at the Yojana Auditorium at the Secretariat, but due to the lack of positive cases, the program was moved to Shillong Public School, Laitumkhrah.
This, as I have shown in previous chapters, not only destroys the niut, but can also destroy the soil.
On this occasion, the Minister of Agriculture of Assam, Atul Bora, instead of saying anything on the issues that can solve the problems, said that the government has not Nothing has been done or any measures have been taken to curb the increase in the price of chickens in the state.
“The Meghalaya Pollution Control Board stands on the basis of supporting the implementation of measures to improve the measures to control e-waste.
In another raid, the troops seized 21 cows hidden in a field on the border with the intention of smuggling them to Bangladesh.
Speaking on the payment of salaries to the bank accounts of those who have jobcards, he said that with the implementation of the Aadhaar Bridge Payment System (ABPS), the payment of salaries to the 100 days scheme will not work unless they are connected. Aadhaar and savings accounts.
The continent is the North Pole, the Arctic Pole, and the South Pole, Antarctica.
The Sauramandala Foundation, an NGO, has been able to address these problems in rural and remote areas by working in rural areas in Meghalaya since
Other speakers included Hollando Lamin, President of JIKKNMS, Jait Da-00 Sumer, Acting Dolloi, Puramon Kynjing and others.
The tournament started on Thursday at Mission Ashrama Sports Complex in Narainpur, Chhattisgarh.
The FIR was lodged against the Chairman, Secretary and CRC Coordinator of the MC.
Khliehriat, July 25: Police of Ladrymbai Outpost together with ANTF today seized 59.86 grams of heroin from a Bolero registration number AS 19 E The incident occurred near the Umtyra Infiltration Check Gate at about 7 pm.
Speeches were also delivered by the Executive Chairman (EC) of MBOSE Bah EP Kharbhih, President of MGBPSTA Bah KS Lyngdoh. Jaintia.
Bihar Agriculture Minister Narendra Singh has said that Modi is unacceptable in the party as the prime ministerial candidate of the NDA. under his leadership, Singh said.
Short videos were shown during the program on the rich heritage of these two states.
It is said that Vang took the child himself so that he could teach and change the behavior of the child as complained by the mother, who is Vang's girlfriend.
The meeting was enriched by songs and dances from various Units of the Seng Kur Shadap Manar and beautiful songs which reminded us of the brave spirit of Syiem Latympang.
Subhash Kapoor has admitted that he had been involved in a love affair with the actress several times, but denied that he forced her and was seen in the video, where the conversation was going on. Geetika, on the other hand, has been struck by Kapoor's neck, who has been involved in the love affair.
The attack came just two days after a bomb exploded in a vehicle belonging to the country's chief justice, Hisham Barakat.
Police have been asked to carry ringing and breathing equipment and confirm that the driver is under the influence of alcohol.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today informed that the Transport Department, today, ensures that all commercial vehicles should not charge the fare of the passengers. vehicles by which they should also monitor the condition of the system from the outside.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 26: Leaders of the Hindu Society, Nongpoh, have expressed their strong opposition to the forcible demolition and closure by some people of the 'Thang Briew' place near the Hindu Society, Nongpoh. 4-lane road near Pahamrioh village, Ri Bhoi District.
Monday: Vehicles with registration number ML 04, 04A/B/C & D and number ending in 0 and 1 Second day: ML 04, 04A/B/C & D with number Tuesday: ML 04, 04A/B/C & D and last number 4 and 5 Friday: ML 04, 04A/B/C & D and last number On Thursday: ML 04, 04A/B/C & D and the last number is 8 and 9. On Saturday: only vehicles with registration number ML05, 06, 07, 08, 09, , 11, 12, 13 and 14 and those with series A, B, C, D, E and others.
Congress candidate JA Lyngdoh said that the people of North-Shillong constituency will vote for change and he hopes to win.
The meeting was conducted by the President of the Kur, Herlington Shadap Manar in the presence of Mowkaiaw MLA Nujorki Sungoh as the chief guest and MDC Barato as the symbolic chief guest.
I also supported him because I liked his writing.
As soon as the government announced the Ordinance 2015, the Rangbah Shnongs started to express their protest by taking to the streets.
What has angered the youth and some of the elders of the village, is that they have not seen any sign of the implementation of these government schemes, but according to the RTI it has been found that all of these projects have been completed and the money has been withdrawn.
He also informed the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the Home Minister Amit Shah and requested them to turn their attention to Meghalaya which has suffered these tragic incidents.
So Hep turned to his father and told him.
Therefore, the Khasi language itself is no longer in short supply, but it is the government that has not taken action to fulfill the aspirations of many.
VPP Spokesperson Dr Batskhem Myrboh said the VPP MLAs will be at the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat from 1 pm.
During the stunt, the vehicle collided with a decorated area which is also a dividing area for vehicles coming from the upper and lower parts.
Even women seem to be surprised that the election campaign has intensified.
The KSU has distributed foodgrains across Jaintia Hills as part of its support to the government in the fight against COVID-1
On this occasion, the farmers were given training on how to make Bokashi fertilizer which is a new and easier to make fertilizer.
He made the announcement at the G20 Conclave in Shillong today.
Then there are the soh trees, the tympew, the kait and other plants.
The night was accompanied by the lyngwiar of a white angel (halo) of faith.
Chengkam Sangma scored 1/17 in 2 overs and Akash Kumar Choudhary 1/18 in 3 overs. Meghalaya's remaining and final match of the tournament will be against Baroda tomorrow.
Bernita Marak, Legal Adviser of the Seng, while talking to reporters at Shillong Press Club today, said that the Seng leaders have met with the residents of Malchapara and Salbari. These villages, which are predominantly inhabited by Garo people, said that they do not want to go to Assam, because all of them belong to Meghalaya and all the assistance comes from Meghalaya.
He said that there was no ticket dispute, but there were only a few places where two or three applicants appeared, but he said there was no ticket dispute and there was only a settlement. between these candidates will reach the end.
He went to Lushai Hills (Mizoram) to the villages of Aijal, Chibungthang and Kolasib.
In Babylon the Israelites lived as slaves and there was much oppression, persecution and slaughter.
The candidate, who will contest the election in Meghalaya, is from Nongthawkhong village, one of the villages in Jaïaw and Mawlai areas of Nongstoin Hima, West Khasi Hills District.
On the other hand, Ms. Jecinta congratulated the Catholic Youth Organizations who came forward to donate another room to their home.
Under the Externally Aided Project implemented in the North Eastern States, the Government of India has released up to 90% of the grant to the Government of Meghalaya.
There are 284 active cases in East Khasi Hills, 56 cases in West Khasi Hills, 28 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 24 cases in Ri Bhoi, 12 cases in West Garo Hills, 6 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 4 cases in East Jaintia Hills. South West Garo Hills 3 and South Garo Hills
Therefore, to defeat the incumbent MLA, the BJP Nongstoin should support Bah Gabriel Wahlang.
With the passing away of Baneerjee, the country has lost one of the most famous sports stars of the past, and a sportsman who did not use his strength. he, because after retirement, took up the role of coaching many clubs or even the national team.
Welcoming these leaders, Dr Mukul Sangma said he welcomes these two leaders including SG Mominin and Robinus Syngkon who are leaders who understand the problems of the people who have the desire. to work for the people, who also have strong confidence in the Trinamool Congress party to bring about development in the state.
“Even if they say they want to form a government, they can't because it is only three mid-term elections and now there are only 17 MLAs. the government"he said.
Speaking at a short meeting conducted by Bah P.Sohkhlet, President of KPSA, Kong Warjri reminded that football has now become a source of income for many youths from this state. They have played in the I League, ISL and others.
“We are part of India and I am honored to be on the same platform with the Prime Minister of the country because his presence encourages us to move forward as a country.
The names of the players include Anastesia Shullai, Anjana Kumari, Awesaina S. Marak, Cariyoka Lyngdoh, Dejianna M. Sangma, Diya Biswa, Habanda-risha Shangpliang, Jenny-fer Fancon, Joannah Pyng-rope, Lini Mandakini Ksoo, Mania Sangma, Mendy Adrena Mawlong, Ronjoli Basumatary, Stef-Fenie Sohshang, Zoya Tasneem.
Sometimes we need to play or use only these software, to enrich the manufacturers but we don't know which software is the best to make money for the manufacturers and users.
Shillong, March 04: BSF troops on Tuesday morning seized 16 Muid from three trucks which were trying to smuggle illegal drugs from the Meghalaya border to Bangladesh.
He said it was the MACS that showed that HIV infection is highest in the coal mining area and among truck drivers.
In fact, how many people understand the meaning of corruption whether in the state or even in the country? Many times it is heard that the people from time to time talk about corruption whether in the villages, districts or even in the state or the country, but most of the talk has been just They don't understand the true meaning of corruption.
Explaining how Hoping feels about the expulsion of Fenela, Witting admitted that Hoping said, “What the people want, I also want the HSPDP, it is not my party. alone'.
When we have strong leaders, it will be easier to go to different villages to spread the message about the Seng.
The players who have been prepared are Julitha Marak, Sistilin Ryntathiang, Banrikmen Lyngdoh and Marme M Sangma.
?" asked Rida. Kong Maya was very worried about her daughter, because in her heart she was very worried that she would be young without a father.
There will be others who will read the Koran or the Bhagavad Gita and so on.
Knowledge, strategy, and visionary2
On the same day, the office of the Executive Engineer (EE), PHE, Mawkyrwat Division, together with the office of the District Swachh Bharat Mission Gramin (DSMB), South West Khasi Hills District, also received to hold an information competition and drawing competition held at the hall of the Executive Engineer (EE), PHE, Mawkyrwat Division.
Nongpoh: The deceased from the sudden collision of a Bolero on the NH-6 in Umsamlem village, Ri Bhoi, has been identified as Bah Ferdinand B. Lyngdoh, brother of George B. Lyngdoh. , Umroi MLA.
Now, we will have only 5 species instead of seven species".
The CM also informed that a committee will be set up once the rules and regulations have been finalized under the amended Benami Transaction Act,
The event was also attended by the MLA of the area – Tage Taki who gave a speech and said that it is the duty of every resident of the area to maintain a clean environment and the environment. the beauty of Ziro – which is now one of the most famous tourist attractions in Arunachal Pradesh.
In Khadwei, it was seen that there was a tree, which had almost fallen, but it seemed that the tree had been cut down by the house of a man who was nearby.
He said that during the rainy season or the snow season, they give reasons why they cannot provide electricity due to the impact of the natural forces. Hundreds of villages in the area have been suffering from the lack of electricity supply.
During the meeting with the DC and SP, the KSU leaders, besides discussing, also sent a petition expressing all the problems faced by the Nongot doh masi in Nongpoh.
“It is not only the VPP that loves the Jaidbynriew but we who are in the NPP love the Jaidbynriew by our actions and not by walking on the streets or holding meetings here and there,” he said.
To apply for these scholarships, students are encouraged to visit the website: scholarships.
The fight from Nongkrem will be more fierce as all the fighters are fierce in their fight against each other.
The training was conducted by the Community Institute of Technology (CIT) Mowkaiaw Center in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Skills Development Society (MSSDS).
Secondly, we must not be people who have lost hope and turned their hearts to say that we can no longer protect and develop the Jaitbynriew through the Khaddar System.
The Dorbar Shnong Ialong said that there are no Dkhar clans in the village and even if he comes to marry, the village cannot accept him because he does not have a name in the Register of the village.
Umshangiar, who won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 209/7 runs in 35 overs.
These days, there have been many comments that the media should not only show the dead, the funerals or cremations of those who died of Covid 19, but also to help show how to fight against disease and those who are healed.
He said that if the demarcation continues for a longer period of time, the people will face many problems.
Besides the ILP, other Bills sent to the Lat include the Khasi Social Custom Bill, 2018, the Town Committee Rules.
A two minute silence was held inside the Main Secretariat in the presence of government officials and staff led by the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah DP Wahlang, IAS. As part of the celebration, the Chief Secretary and other government officials also laid a wreath at the statue of Mahatma Gandhi.
Dr. Aman War also stressed on the need to register under the MHIS scheme which will benefit the people especially the low income groups.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Tuesday admitted that accusations of being an anti-Christian party affected it in the recent MLA elections until it won. Senior leaders of the party, including National Secretary Rituraj Sinha, held a meeting on Tuesday to discuss the reasons for the BJP's poor performance in the elections.
Two persons have died in an earthquake at Police Reserve Jailroad today. The deceased was identified as Sohi Botim Marak, 26 years old. and Silnang Marak, 26 years old.
“On the part of the department we have come to see together with the SE, SDO and we have looked carefully and we will send to the Chief Engineer before we do anything and next month we will start measuring and after we We will spend money and because the damage is so great we understand that the cost is also high.
Mr.Micheal Pale – Indian Army, 7.
Shillong, July 16: The All Meghalaya Contractors and Suppliers Association, Shillong; has expressed its concern over the difficulties faced by the contractors with the Income Tax (TDS) department in applying for certificates that they are not eligible to collect tax from the Income Tax Department (TDS). part to receive their fees.
Before distributing the awards, Ms. I.Mawthoh, Branch Head, North East Small Finance Bank, presented a sponsorship check of Rs 7 lakh (for the purchase of a Small Bore Sports Rifle with kit and accessories). Dr. D. Vijay Kumar, IAS, Commissioner, Sports, GoM.
Block Management Mission Unit (BMMU) Laskein.
At the ceremony, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Roshan Warjri, expressed her gratitude to the Missionaries who came to Khasi Hills to provide the wisdom especially in those days when people were still in darkness.
Rongdop FC, who won the title, received a cash prize of T.10,000, while Nartap FC, who lost the final, received a cash prize of T.10,0 which is T.
Among the participants from different districts, Ri Bhoi came first after failing to select the strongest athletes to compete in this weightlifting competition.
HITO Jowai Circle is currently monitoring this issue to improve the quality of education for the students of SSA schools. Those children who attend school every day and most of the children who attend SSA schools come from poor families.
Morocco's Rui Patricio was one of the players who played well for Morocco, but failed to score many of his attempts.
The union asked why the officers or employees of the Taxation Department do not do what is necessary according to the provisions of the Act to ensure that these people who do not pay the tax should come and pay with the tax. shot? What is behind the payment of the tax which is the right of the people? Who will benefit from this? These are the questions that the MDA Government should clarify to the people, said the HYC. The General Secretary of the HYC SengKmie said that the officers should do whatever is necessary according to the rules of law in order to collect the revenue in full so that it will benefit the income of the state. , Bah Roy Kupar Synrem.
The program also included explanations from the Faith Foundation and Child Friendly Shillong BIDS where the Rangbah Shnongs had the opportunity to ask questions and get clarification on many issues.
When asked whether Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit will join the HSPDP, Witting said the Synod Act does not allow a Pastor to become a full member of any political party. Shillong, Naitung 22: The EM of Trade and Industry, KHADC, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, in an interview with reporters today, said that there are 44 He said that all the 44 tribes in the state have received the Schedule Tribe status like the Khasi, but Latiplang said that since , the Amendment Bill has been passed that only the Tribals from the Districts of the State, do not require a Trading License, except that all other Tribals need to obtain a Trading License if they wish to do business. The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) is responsible for the trade within the boundary of the district.
New Delhi: The Government of India, on Tuesday said that the march by farmers on Republic Day will be a shame for the country as a whole. Swaraj India leader Yogendra Yadav has said that there will be no disruption to the Republic Day celebrations.
“Yes, that's right, why don't you feel right?” asked the father. “Yes, I just asked.
If the government comes with one, the money should be changed again, but the maximum amount is 500 tyngka and should not be increased because it causes problems. The amount should be increased to 10 tyngka.
From the obvious, it can also be said that the people of Assam have no intention of shrut with the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia, but it shows clearly that these people, when they become leaders, The public or politicians, that their minds have turned bishni pihuin and have the intention to destroy the power of the people of Meghalaya, through many tricks and activities.
He praised the country's e-Sanjeevani platform, saying it has enabled up to 140 million treatment sessions through this so far.
Those who have become addicted to alcoholic beverages especially drugs, we are afraid to see because they don't dare to inject drugs even in public places,” said the residents of Polo area.
The Chairman of the Committee, Rgh Skor Jala, in the presence of the Rgh Secretary of the Committee, Rgh Kworshon Marbaniang.
He also informed about the construction of 40,000 new railway stations for the Vande Bharat Standard and installation of them on public trains which will provide more convenience and convenience to billions of passengers who use the train. across the country.
It is learned that the removal of stones and earthquakes has been carried out by the relevant department, said a source from the East Jaintia Police.
The fine was T.1,31,000 for various offenses and T.69,500 for the owner of the vehicle.
When Bah Bok arrived at the scene, he and his friend went to see the car.
Another shop that was affected by the petrol bomb blast was the shop of Dinesh Pal.
Let me tell you what I have done.
On the other hand, the participants said that it is not good to dump garbage in coal mines as this poses a threat to the air, water and There will be a dangerous situation especially if the garbage from hospitals is thrown away. This will endanger the health of the people. The opposition also said that it is too difficult to throw away the garbage. “When the rainy season comes, is it easy for a car to throw the garbage into the coal mines in the field? In the rainy season there is a road but in the dry season there is no road to reach the coal mines. Pynsai Lyngdoh of Tia Chaphrang Secondary School Sohkymphor came second and Jonathan Siangshai of Wapungskur came third. Jaintia Eastern College Khliehriat won the title of Best Team in the competition. competition explained.
Because Indonesia has 50 victories in 2022 and Italy has 65 victories in
He also said that if Pakistan does not host some of the Asia Cup matches, it could take another step in the World Cup as well.
Reports say that Garo Hills is a blessed and fertile place.
However, this is not an encouragement to learn English.
He said that even the employers of those who work in various jobs and who cannot go to work, due to the outbreak of this disease, should help them and not force them to go to work. jobs, or threaten to lose wages, the report added.
Also present on the occasion were the Deputy Commissioner, IAS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, JU Kharpuri, other officers and office bearers of the IAS. Youth Association Mawkyrwat Village.
The women's category included Catheresa Lyngdoh, Cathrienen Lyngdoh, Zinia M Kahit and Laniarka Tymthai while the boys category included Lawanbiang Wanniang, Namtam Kharbuli, Donborson Warjri, Vikey Nongrang, Mark R Jala and Hasel. Shabong, Jayden Toi Marbaniang, Joshua Ebormi Wahlang, Da Oo Paia Pakyntein, Jayden Syiemlieh, Dasanpaka Kharduia and Yowandame Toi Marbaniang.
District officials, from the DC and SP, have been visiting the area every day but due to the lack of water tankers, they too have not been able to do anything.
Kharjahrin reminded that we as the party have demanded ILP in the past years for our people to get ILP and now everyone has demanded ILP whether it is from them. organizations and others.
“Regarding the chairmen of the Distribution Corporation, Transmission Corporation and Generation Corporation, the government will elect the chief officers and the MD of MeECl will be the MD of these departments. MeECL is not working"
Donbok T Laloo was the first President of the Riti Academy.
The tournament was organized by the District Sports Officer (DSO), West Jaintia Hills at Kiang Nangbah Stadium as part of the celebration of International Women's Day
“Those who have already become slaves, slaves and slaves will not be treated well, but from now on it will not happen again,” he said.
If there are courageous, determined and well-founded leaders, the organization or group will undoubtedly achieve its aims and objectives.
George said that regarding the issue of border dispute, the sympathy and encouragement is not only among the leaders but especially among the people.
In the semi final, Laitkor beat Lumparing SC 4-1 while Mawlai beat PFR Foot Ball Academy 4-1 in the penalty shootout. -2 after a fierce match between these teams with a 1-1 draw.
The elected leaders and office bearers of the Khliehriat Bar Association include the President, Mr. Shitmon Pdang, the Vice President, Mr. Miranda.
Shillong: The National Congress Party (NCP) Meghalaya has demanded that the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) should explain the killing of NCP candidate from Williamnagar, Jonathon N Sangma.
I have issued a directive to the employees not to issue any Labor Certificate from the Council until we have issued the order.
The mother sent them all away except Kni and Bhalang because they were going to eat again at the funeral home.
The biggest example of this is that in the past there was a demand to abolish the AFSPA from the North East, but now there is no demand, as the Government of India has taken steps to abolish the AFSPA. He said 60% of Assam, nine districts of Nagaland, 15 police stations in nine districts of Manipur, Tripura and Meghalaya have now been completely exempted from AFSPA, while only one district has been completely exempted from AFSPA. He also expressed confidence that the NEC and the Chief Ministers of the North Eastern States will work with determination to achieve the targets set for the NEC by The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has urged the President to help develop the region and bring about a prosperous, peaceful and job-creating North East like other parts of the country.
The Vice-Chairman of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Bah Manbhalang Jyrwa on Tuesday said that although the path of peace talks with the Government will take longer, the HNLC has the hope of reaching the goal.
“The party wants to send a message to the world, the North East and especially Manipur that peace should come first, and there should be no violence,” he said. said.
In Mawpoin, 8 males and 8 females.
Two boxes of soap suspected to be packed with illegal drugs were seized from the vehicle in the presence of witnesses. 34.44 grams and worth T.28 lakh.
On the other hand, he said that although he himself will no longer need the job allowance especially over the age, but he thinks for his children and relatives who are still studying.
Dr. Sangma said that about 80 percent of the successful people in the North East are from Shillong and added that the government will work hard to make Shillong an educational institution. popular in the area.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The strike by the teachers has affected the students due to the lack of teachers to take classes.
Nongpoh, June 14: In honor of awarding the Polling Stations which received the most votes, as he had promised before the elections, Bah Mayral Born Syiem has fulfilled his promise to award and honor the Polling Stations which have received the most votes. They have given their physical and spiritual support to win the election.
He said that his desire to come to congratulate Bah Ardent is because he feels sorry for his children if they do not get a good job.
Tura: Police have arrested one of the leading persons who incited the people to create riots and burn down the ACHIK police station. Prime Minister.
Under the Act, all these appointments are appointed by the Chairperson of the Lokayukta according to the names sent to the Lokayukta by the state government, he said.
Donald V Thabah, General Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), said, “Other organizations have price tags, but the KSU since its inception has been standing firm and the people have trusted it because they have seen it. that it can protect us from foreigners who intend to attack and occupy our land and destroy us.
He was charged by the Lumdiengjri Traffic Branch and fined T.1,000 by the Lumdiengjri Traffic Branch.
But now there are only shortcomings in the leadership,” he said.
The delivery of health services for 7000 villages has been affected due to the unscheduled strike by ASHAs in the past few days.
Madankynsaw Mowkyndeng beat Myrjai 7-2 while Pateinki Sabah beat Lumkhangdong Kyndongtuber 1-0 in the pre quarter final of the Third Division Football Tournament organized by the WJDSA. at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
The union also urged the employees of the DTO not to sit inside the office but to conduct searches themselves to find out about this theft.
So the work had to be suspended.
Shillong: U Titostarwell Chyne, MDC of Sohra Constituency, today was elected as the new Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) without any opposition from the party.
At the same time, she congratulated the President of the Party, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who has tried to invite other parties to form a government led by the ethnic parties as demanded by the people. number especially after the two HSPDP MLAs left to support the NPP so he thought differently and led to work together with the MDA 2 government as he has worked together in the past five years.
In the meeting with the Deputy CEM, she said that as the children of the Hima Sohiong, she would like to remind that the Joint Action Committee since 2019 has already lodged a complaint against Bashemphang Thabah. -unconstitutional law and demanded the suspension and removal of him from the post of Lyngdohship Hima Sohiong.
Money is of no use or value when you lose your parents and yourself.
In particular, the union urges the PWD Pynursla office to take action and immediately stop the cleaning of the roadside garbage by using chemicals and to clean by cleaning the trees as it used to do in the past. This was stated by Samla Wanpyndap Mawiong, Publicity Secretary, KSU Nongsder Unit.
The party requests all members and former leaders to take part in this day as a sign of celebrating the 40th Anniversary of the party.
If we talk about the Polo Market, Nongmensong Market, Shyllong Market, Happy Valley Market, Laban Market, these numbers reach 30 to 40 tonnes per day.
He said that some MDCs have sent him a message and in that message Grace has written that she will spend all the expenses of his personal affairs if he comes to support. There are also allegations that Grace has thrown up to T.30 lakh to one MDC to come and support her.
The report also said that 42 types of drugs were seized from four ice cream factories.
Delhi Health Minister Satyendar Jain has been admitted to the Rajiv Gandhi Super Specialty Hospital for treatment of fever, chills and difficulty in breathing.
Speaking to media, Prestone said the government has decided to lift the curfew from tomorrow, 15th November
Guidingstar Suna scored the first goal in the 28th minute to give Mukhla Raij a three-point lead at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
According to a source, the West Khasi Hills District Police Station, said that they have received a complaint from the family members, that the woman, who has four children, has been living by burning rnga in a house. from the forests in the village.
On this occasion, key leaders were appointed for key positions, including Sothenes Sohtun for Block President of Jirang Constituency, Jason Mawlong for Umsning Block; Damanbait Lamare for Umroi Block, Shemphang Lyngdoh for Mawhati and Henry Nongrum for Nongpoh Block.
Heavy rainfall will continue tomorrow and afternoon in parts of the state.
The Prime Minister also informed about the initiative to increase the income of farmers by double.
This is the first time that the Income Tax has found such an incident in the state since the introduction of 500 and 1000 notes by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
When we leave the houses of the saipan or the houses of the government officials, when we reach the road, we see that the garbage has covered the road and the streets have been blocked with plastic.
Therefore, these days are necessary for all of us as the village headmen who look after the welfare of the village to know the laws and regulations and to be vigilant.
Chhattisgarh has been ruled by the Congress for the past three years after defeating the BJP in the 2018 elections.
and for all those who watch this song and subscribe.
The new cases include 3 cases from EJH, 66 from EJH, 1 from EJH, 1 from RBD, 4 from SWKH, 2 from WJH.
And the Kingdom and dominion and the greatness shall be given to the people of the SAINTS of the Most High, whose Kingdom is an-everlasting Kingdom and all dominions shall serve and obey him” Daniel 7:27.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 53670 out of which 48380 have recovered and 899 have died.
The company has already signed a memorandum of understanding with India Post to deliver goods around the country so that it can expand its e-commerce market. lakhs of small, medium and large enterprises or micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) across the country.
The event was also filled with songs, dances by various singers from the Center of Excellence in Indian Classical and Western Music and a flower show, among others.
It is to be recalled that the lockdown fare from Jowai to Lad-Rymbai is 60 tyngka.
In his body there are no meaningful rules to explain.
Conrad said the task will be handed over to the DRDA, District Level Committees and officers of the education department to look after the repair of the damaged schools.
“Besides 25 departments, Bahdeng Samlin has already been appointed so if he is convicted, it means that the people of Sohiong are stupid and there is no other way,” he said.
If there are brave, determined and well-founded leaders, without doubt the organization or group will succeed in achieving its aims and objectives.
After the order was issued, Rupang tried to get the opinion of the Presbyterian Church on its views on the bill. got a chance and says he is still busy.
It is also a great blessing to the Parish, in which this new church was built with the support of the people of God under the leadership of Sohblei Balestine Marbaniang as the Rangsharai Rangbah of the Parish. Andy Khongjee, Rev. Francis Kharpan and Rev. Andy Khongjee.
From this we understand that sin is blood and blood is dangerous, both before God and man.
On the MLA's introduction of the C&RD Block in Rambrai, Nonglang said the Block has been demanded by the people for a long time and deserves it.
On the decline in the price of beef in the state, Marbud said he had spoken to the leaders of the Khasi Jaintia Butcher Welfare Association (KJBWA). Genrerous Warlapih Secretary of the union said that during the day there are many cows, but in the evening they are sold to smugglers to Bangladesh and that is why the cows are expensive. .
UDP leader Sing Mulieh said that Vincent Pala has improved in Jaintia Hills and admitted that Paul has improved in Jaintia Hills.
The seven suspects were identified as Tustu Paul, Manoranjan Sarkar, Putul Mukherjee, Piyush Biswas, Pradip Das, Bijoy Sarkar and Ganesh Basu.
This is to make the source of the coral to provide the true colors in nature by covering it with a white shirt.
The development of 12 separate cities under the HRIDAY (HRIDAY) scheme demonstrates the work of the Government as a steward of the environment.
The Committee will look into these cases and if it finds that no FIR or complaint has been lodged against these seized items and if they have nothing to do with candidates or political parties. The Committee shall order the release of the goods whether money or any other items to the owners within 7 days.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah Peter J Lawai said that the meeting expressed its anger not against the High Court which issued the order but against the people. They are angry with the leaders whom they have elected for decades but have not done anything to pass laws and regulations until this disaster.
He was one of the founders of the Seng Khasi.
All bonded wholesalers, IMFL retail, bars, canteens and others will be closed on that day.
Man United coach Jose Mourinho and Liverpool coach Jurgen Klopp.
The farmers who have to walk every day on this road face a lot of trouble especially during the rainy season because the soil is covered with snow and during the rainy season, rainy season and spring. her during the movements of vehicles.
The films she has starred in include 'Ka Mon Ba Jwat', 'Hep', 'Onataah', and her last film is 'Ïewduh'
The tournament will be held in a league-cum-knockout round and all teams will have to arrive on the 6th of November.
Why don’t they mind their own business.
“You are Dharmendra Pradhan.
He said that they have held a meeting with the three Raids including Raid Tryso, Raid Thadrang, Raid Nongtung and the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of the Border Area and decided to demand from the government. The state has also donated land to set up these Outposts in Ummat and Umtlieh.
According to a statement sent by Bah WD.Marsing, Secretary of the JAC, during the meeting with Dr. Lapang, the leaders of the JAC, expressed their regret over the government's neglect of the The area, especially in terms of roads, has also caused problems to the residents of this area, in terms of traffic due to the lack of roads.
Students who have not passed or progressed will lose the scholarship.
The fire lasted for three hours due to the slowness of the fire truck and the heavy traffic jam. No one was injured in the incident.
“It is to be recalled that in the last MLA election (2018), the party came second, where the incumbent Sitting MLA defeated the UDP candidate by only a few votes.
She said, “When my father came and surrounded me... He said, “Son, I feel sorry for you because you have to live with Panah.
Shillong Lajong Football Club is pleased to announce the Tourism Department of Meghalaya as the sponsor for the 2023-24 I-League.
Two Vice-Presidents were also elected, Bah Frank H. Nongrum (RBDCA), Dravid G. Marak (SGDHDCA), Joint Secretaries Tengrang Sangma (GHCA) and Richard Sun (WKHDCA). ).
He said that in the past, this area was known as a center of insurgency and corruption but now it is known that it has improved rapidly in terms of economic development and is rich in cultures.
On Friday, Rahul was beaten by Uttar Pradesh police, where he fell to the ground.
“It is the first time that Meghalaya has reached the final.
“It is only Maieid who has stirred up the border dispute and it is time for us as a country and a nation to think how to achieve these goals of Maieid,” said Bah D. You are the MLA of Nongstoin.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (NAWM) has strongly condemned the state government for not releasing the scholarships of the students.
district authorities and the Urban Development Department.
Dr. Mukul Sangma, TMC Leader in the state, on 17th June, visited Tyrso village to campaign for Dr. Saralin Dorphang, TMC candidate from Mawhati constituency.
In the last 50 years, except for the Transfer of Land Regulation Act 1971, no law has been enacted in the State.
They also encouraged the students from Tripura to have the spirit of service even if they are only students, because if there is cooperation they will avoid many problems when they come. They also urged the students to concentrate on their studies and not to cause any trouble which would affect the peace and order of the people.
On the 27th of this month, the Seng Khasi Shaid Shaid will hold a meeting in Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District.
She said that the proposal to upgrade Umkiang PHC to CHC and also to bring a new PHC under Sumer Sirdarship and Hingaria village is for the benefit of the residents. Besides, the MLA of the area also expressed the need for these health centers as they are located in the more remote and backward areas on the border of India and Bangladesh.
Ignorance of the Word of God will be a stumbling block to life, especially when that time of trouble comes, people will stumble and sell each other and hate each other.
Members of the KSU and FKJGP have marked the 160th death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah by laying flowers at the statue near the Shillong Civil Hospital.
Expressing the Government's commitment to develop space technology for the country, the Minister said, “The India Space Program has been developed with the aim of exploiting the benefits of space technology in the country. to solve the problems of the people.
Beijing is reportedly preparing its 66-tonne space station.
Party members benefit from the scheme while others do not.
He said that since he became an MLA, he has demanded from the government to pay special attention especially to the border areas of Jirang Constituency near Assam as they need the assistance of the government and the government. She also agreed to introduce various schemes in the area.
if you're wrong.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government has directed the CEO of Shillong Municipal and the offices of the Deputy Commissioner (DC) to find ways and means to resolve the issue. to allow the vendors to resume their trade.
Even the first wave of censorship is doing little.
He said the NPP is a national party which stands to protect the minorities in the country and it is the pride of the NPP that it has gained status in the country.
" “During the Congress rule, Meghalaya was known as the Hub of Education, where young people from all over the North East came to Shillong to complete their studies. but now they have gone to study in other states.
Shillong Municipal is governed by the Assam Municipal Act 1956, but in Shillong this Act has not been fully implemented and the members of the Board have been extended until
If I am wrong, it is enough, and if I am wrong, they are wrong.
The demands of these students are not for personal gain, but for the welfare of all the present and future students of this college.
This way of thinking we have to end.
Besides, the Minister also informed that within the city and the Secretariat area, two sites have already been identified where the parking lots will be constructed.
“We should not take an opinion without truth, let the investigation reveal the truth,” he said. .
Shillong: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers' Association (MEPA) has received complaints from journalists in different districts of the state. the number of private YouTubers who gather news around the country, attend various government meetings, and also attend press conferences and press briefings in the districts.
IGP GHP Raju said the arrested GNLA member was identified as Malmepa and was arrested from his residence in William Nagar, East Garo Hills.
However, we must remember that the Jaitbynriew of 2014 is no longer the Jaitbynriew of the 1970s.
The Mooshrot Catholic Church was built by Mr. Pyrkhat.
He was arrested on charges of fraud and extortion of money from several people by promising them government jobs and others. The suspect was arrested from a house in Umling, Ri Bhoi District.
He has been arrested and detained along ever since.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Samlin, NPP candidate, said that after visiting the polling stations, there are some areas where the NPP is strong, but he will see when the vote is cast.
Chairman VEC Archi Siangshai and Secretary Phringstar M Pariat were also honored on the occasion.
This is unacceptable.
Rosemary as a woman and as a religious person.
Nongpoh: The 2nd Pineapple Festival, organized by the Ri-Bhoi Tourism & Environment Forum (RBTEDF) at Pahamsyiem Square, Nongpoh, has attracted many people. Many people came to witness the festival organized by the RBTEDF. The festival was also attended by Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh Minister of Agriculture. Jason Mawlong MLA Umsning, Mayralborn Syiem MLA Nongpoh, senior officials from government departments and others.
Because Jerusalem is the light, the light of the whole world.
This is according to a statement from the Sports Department of the North Eastern Hill University regarding the tournament to be held this month.
But Noah found grace in the eyes of the LORD.
School : It is called Senghikai because it is a competition established to provide education from the beginning, and once properly trained by Senghikai, he can join the Sengpule.
Not only that, in this incident, the entire kitchen of Jopcy Wanniang collapsed and fell into the school until the school building and the tins of the school building were broken.
Furthermore, the union demanded that all the school books according to the syllabus should be provided with copies before the opening of schools, as the schools do not receive the books on time and do not receive them anymore. also copies as they used to receive in the past.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, three new cases have been confirmed from East Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi and West Garo Hills.
We are not yet far enough to see God and live.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Minister of Finance of Mylliem Hima, M.Kharlukhi, said that so far there are 500 Daju of the market who should receive their uniforms. They are Khasi and 250 are foreigners.
In the final which was played on the 21st of this month, the first half of the first half ended without anyone scoring a goal.
Are the issues still relevant today? Or are there other issues that are more important and affect the present and the future? The KSU should also accept the comments of others who are not its full members and even from other ethnic groups who can provide valid writings.
When asked whether he will contest as the UDP candidate, Mawthoh said, “We will meet with our colleagues in the MDA coalition government to reach a joint candidate of all the parties. organizations, who are part of the government team".
A government source said that there are about 46 illegal coal mining factories operating and they will be demolished in the coming days before the 20th of November.
These criminals are also suspected of colluding with robbers living in India.
The tournament was led by the Head Coaches of Team Revolution MMA Sambirmi Lyngdoh and Ferdinand Suchiang.
It is learned that this donation was made by raising money from the members to purchase food items and other necessary household items.
He said that according to the government's directive, the participation of the dancers is only 75% and the leaders have arranged that if there are many dancers, they will perform for one hour per group of 100 dancers. women and 100 men.
This incident spread like wildfire.
Shillong: About five years ago, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has made an attempt to provide uniforms to the daju in Iewduh but this has not succeeded after the opposition. in the middle key.
This is your view.
In Shillong, there is no centre.
The candidate who wins will be elected and the candidate who loses will be elected.
He said that many development works and benefits that Mawsynram has lost just because of the power and wisdom of its MLA and he asked the people to support the Congress party that if they win again this time, The Congress has won the Mawsynram constituency.
We have explained to the people that these are just the misconceptions of the political parties against the BJP and many people are educated especially in this world of Social Media they have seen that our state went down dramatically," he said.
In the final which was held on Saturday at Tura, South West Khasi Hills beat South West Garo Hills 3-0, ( 25–22, 25–11 and 25–20).
Members of the Young Mizo Association were the first to arrive at the scene to provide relief to the refugees.
Lack of physical activity: Lack of physical activity and sedentary behavior can affect the body's ability to break down waste.
If there is any difference in your ATM, you should immediately inform the bank or the police.
Shillong, July 27: BSF troops of the 4th Battalion on Tuesday arrested three Bangladeshi officials and two Indians from Dawki-Amlarem road who were smuggling into the Indian border from India. West Jaintia Hills.
Earlier, they had staged a two-day strike to demand the release of their arrear which has been pending since
The Governor said that the government's main goal is to improve and provide adequate education in the rural areas and on this basis the process is underway to get approval for the establishment of Ekalavya Residential. Model Schools (EMRS) in all 11 Districts of the State.
Nongpoh: In a fire incident which happened this morning at Baridua village, Ri Bhoi, a Kudam which stores many kinds of food items, has caught fire and burnt suddenly and caused damage to amounted to billions of dollars.
Shillong, November 13: The HNLC has warned that the relationship between the Khasi and Garo people will end if these politicians from Garo Hills are responsible for the birth of armed groups. They have taken up arms and have destroyed our people in Ri Khasi.
For the past 31 years, the HNLC has stood on these facts, on these grounds that the Hynniewtrep people are not part of India.
This will also encourage the man to have many wives if he does not have the ability to feed all the children he has from those wives.
The purpose of this is to take measures to register names, stories, exhibitions, meetings, workshops, film festivals, filmmaking and awards.
“For my part, I will demand free education; every child from every village, township will not miss out on schooling and learning, to become like other children to go to school.
Nongpoh, Nailar 29: A woman has killed her husband at Umtarsen village, Patharkhmah Police Outpost, Ri Bhoi District. to endure the judgment of thy times.
The Legal Sub-Committee will be headed by Advocate General KS Kynjing as Chairman, Additional Advocate General WHD Syngkon, Erwin K Sutnga, Dr MPR Lyngdoh and AG Momin as members. to agree.
This song has touched the hearts of the listeners and some of them remember their loved ones who are far away, but this song brings a lasting memory.
This public information can also be obtained from mbose.
He said that when he was in Sohra , he did not apply for a ticket from the Congress party because he found it difficult to get in touch with the Congress party in Sohra “If the people elect me to be their leader, they will give me the victory even if I am an independent candidate,” said Bah Rang.
“I will stand for the country and the nation and I request my fellow MLAs from the MDA to support me,” he said.
Everyone should cultivate a spirit of struggle and struggle in life.
Regarding your efforts to educate the public, no one will believe or follow you because the path you are leading is wrong and will lead to the destruction and division of the community.
He has been appointed as the leader of the AAP campaign in Punjab, according to the list of campaigners sent by the party to the Election Commission of India.
Shillong, July 12: Media Plus aims to improve and expand the media in many areas of society that should be informed to the public, by submitting to [continued on page 7] the ME Production under the direction of Marcus Lyngdoh, Elmer Raymond War and Raphael Warjri.
He said that the Deputy Commissioners in charge of these border markets have written letters to the Bangladesh authorities to conduct a joint inspection of the sites but the Bangladesh authorities have often stopped this initiative. late inspection.
Besides the MLA and MDC of Nongpoh, the Raid Leaders, Village Leaders and others, also expressed their satisfaction, after the completion of the Police Station in the area, because through this Police Station, This has been a great benefit to the people of the area and has made it easier for them, as they don't have to go to Byrnihat or Nongpoh when there is any crime.
There are also landlords who sell their NOCs to others.
He said that there is anger and shock among the residents of the village, because of the killing of more and more residents in the same manner.
It is also the reason behind the weight loss and reduces the choice of foods in the middle of the night.
Following the Easter Sunday bombing in Sri Lanka in June, Kerala has been on high alert, especially after the NIA said IS had planned to attack the country. State.
Shillong, November 05 : The State Government, Village Authorities and Religious Leaders have signed a Community Accord, which empowers them to stand together in the fight against drugs through Drug Rehabilitation, Elimination and Action. Mission (DREAM) in the State of Meghalaya.
It was on the first Friday that Ferdinand asked her.
The child told Bhalang that if he wanted to see her, he would take her in the evening because the child was still going to school but she helped in the shop in the evening after school.
Nongpoh: On Tuesday night at 11 pm, there was a stir in Mawpun Kshaid village and a clash between the Youth Wing of Mawpun Kshaid village and the follower of Bah RR Kharbuki, MDC Umroi Constituency, after the youths seized the vehicle of the MDC, when he entered the village in the evening without informing the village authorities.
He said that not only the staff of NEIGRIHMS hospital, but all the staff of hospitals in the state, because they have been sent home, it means that they are healthy.
Expressing her regret over the decision of MAWU to send the ASHAs on leave until the 6th of this month, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare said, “I urge the ASHAs to have confidence when working with the government, not to hold back from working.
You are the law of God.
They also said that if the government wants to promote tourism in the state, it should create the necessary roads to reach the valley as the road is not too far.
Other speakers, while speaking on the occasion, condemned the working methods of the MDA government under the leadership of NPP, UDP, BJP and other small parties. They said that the rest of the people want the Congress to rule the state but they don't want Dr. Mukul Sangma to join the party, so the party has fallen under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma but now that Dr. Mukul Sangma is no longer in the Congress, the party has received the full support of the people of the state. You will become an MLA in
She said that the bicycle she uses now costs 50,000 tyngka and the maintenance is difficult. major competitions still needs to get better.
Shillong, Nailar 8: The Commandant of the 4th MLP Bn has dismissed Havilder Bitharstone R Marak for collaborating with the illegal Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA).
We thank you for the love you have shown us over the years and we wish you all the best in this journey, for your love, close relationship and happiness. sit and stay together".
In the 2019-20 season he scored three goals and became the highest goalscorer among Indian players for the club.
Tomorrow's matches will be between Mawlai SC vs Umsohsun SC at 11:30 am, Nongsohphoh SC vs Mawkhar SC at 1:30 pm and Lummawbah SC vs Mawnianglah SC at 3:00 pm.
Shillong, November 15: The Chief Spokesperson of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang, on Tuesday congratulated the Union Minister of State for Road Transport and Highways, Nitin Gadkari and the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi. to allocate T.1,241 crore for the construction of Phulbari-Tura road on National Highway 127B in Meghalaya.
One of my sons told me that the behavior of the Garo is very different from the behavior of the Khasi.
Anu Nagar, Joint Secretary, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Sampath Kumar, Principal Health Secretary, Meghalaya and other senior officials from the Central and State Governments attended the two-day workshop. jointly organized by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India; Indian Institute of Public Health, Shillong and the Indian Council of Medical Research – Regional Medical Research Centre, Dibrugarh.
“If the CM doesn't believe us, we will go to the PM,” Hussain said.
Ri Bhoi Police have arrested Raju Rajbhar, who works at a dhaba in Erpakon village, on suspicion of murder. The Rangbah of Erpakon was killed and killed.
Dr Manjunath said that they are still waiting for the permission from the government and once they get the permission from the government they will start taking the census and once they get the census they will start issuing challans again. to the merchants who still had the ore in their mines.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12 : Riatnohkhlieh, Khangmasi Village, Maraikaphon Village, Sohra Hima, will be another tourist attraction in the Sohra area.
It is here that goodness, honor, morality, peace, happiness and joy disappear.
On the closing ceremony of the tournament, EMH Passah, Working President WJDSA was present as the chief guest. -O Laloo, General Secretary WJDSA, Ma P.Khyriem, Waheh Shnong Lion Mission Compound and others along with the guests.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng, 09: Police on Friday seized drugs from the Star Cement Factory, Lumshnong, East Jaintia Hills District. around the state.
All patients at NEIGRIHMS are advised to take advantage of this opportunity to get at a reasonable price from the AMRIT Pharmacy located within the hospital.
On the 26th, the house was opened at Umshyniar Khanduli and handed over to the family of Ma Gerald Siangshai.
The ballot box draw was held by the Election Department in collaboration with the District Election Office, South West Garo Hills at the Ampati Stadium.
Shillong: The Confederation of Hynniewtrep Social Organization (CoHSO) has decided to write to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. to recall their demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
We must plan and work with the thought that the second coming of the Lord Jesus is far away; but to live a holy life without darkness, waiting for him to come today.
When asked how much the shyiap blockade has affected the Synjuk Ki Nongtrei Shyiap, they said that it has affected all the activities of the people until they have to stop the blockade. NREGS or 100 days work just for the sake of not getting shyiap and also those mystery workers.
The Word of God says, "Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.
The first match will be between Mawlai SC and Maw-U-Tieng SC at 12:30 pm while Lawei SC will play against Laitkor SC at 3:30 pm.
However, the trial is not over and the Supreme Court has not yet given its final verdict.
The meeting was conducted by the President Khambit Singh Khongshei and a short speech was delivered by the General Secretary Samla Iamangstone Mawkhiew.
The Kur also agreed that through this Constitution, the Seng Kur will be registered with the Government Authorities, and to be notified to the District Council and the Office of the Syiem of Khyrim Hima. also with the Union of Dorbar Kurs of the Bri U Hynniewtrep.
It can be said that the police patrolling in Shillong is due to the ILP which has been in force in these days.
“The injured robber was identified as Vijay Chaudhary and Usman.
In another development, Prahlada Singh Patel, Minister of State for Culture and Tourism, has tested positive for the corona virus and has warned those who have come in contact with him to be vigilant. good yourself.
“Our goal is to provide affordable treatment to those who have been forgotten in the past and have suffered from the people especially the rural areas and the poor.
The body was handed over to the police and the body was taken to Khliehriat CHC for post mortem. he Post Mortem.
In a letter to the Minister, the union demanded that the Government should reopen the center to facilitate the job seekers of the area.
Regarding the demand of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Ri Jaintia, which appeared on Social Media, they have no knowledge and have no part in dividing the Jaitbynriew, but they are united as one Jaitbynriew. “The Pnar, Bhoi and War are the Khasi people,” said Lasting Pala, Head of Umkiang Village, Jensal Pohkyrnu, Head of Dona Skur, Love You Bareh, Head of Pyrtakuna Village. , Min Lamare, Kuliang Village Head, Shari Lamare, Borsara Village Head, Edimon Lamare, Sonapyrdi Village Head, Fantin Pajat, Lumphyllut Village Head, Pynkhalin Dhar, Ratacherra Village Head, Wol Tariang, Dona Umb Shnong Robi Suchiang, Umstain Village Mayor and Mit Dkhar, Lahalein Village Mayor.
The DBO of Bhoirymbong C&RD Block, R.Brahma was the chief guest, along with others including Nolinda Kharduid, Branch Manager MRB Bhoirymbong, Mrs. E.Kharhujon, Director SBI, RSETI Umran, Bah Vanlal Thabah, Rangbha Shnong Mawbri and others.
He said that the water supply in these hospitals is not enough and the union is concerned that the staff are facing difficulties in treating the sick especially the mothers who come to give birth in these hospitals. .
The Bangladeshis were handed over to the Infiltration Department and after investigation they were deported outside the Meghalaya border.
The State Government has recently launched the scheme YESS Meghalaya with the aim of providing financial assistance of up to 1 lakh tyngka to youth organizations to empower youth organizations or groups for the purpose of implementation of their various programmes.
In a statement, the Dorbar Shnong said that for the smooth running of the programme, vehicles had to be banned from entering and leaving the village for a while until the clean-up.
Speaking at the foundation stone laying ceremony for the construction of the Center of Excellence at Jongksha at a cost of Rs 10 crore and the Multipurpose Indoor Hall at Umkhoi at a cost of Rs 8 crore. , Bah Banteidor said that these two projects will be completed soon.
Conrad said the road from Agia (Assam) to Garobada via Tikrikilla, Phulbari and Rajabala is one of the roads affected by flooding during the rainy season.
It is understood that the Assam minister, who is one of the top BJP leaders in the North East, wants to talk to the AASU leaders on the issue of the Citizenship Act ( CAA), the National Citizenship Register (NRC) and it is expected that their discussions will focus on these issues and the relationship with Assam or the North East as a whole.
In the middle of the second half, all three goals were scored by former Shillong Lajong player Tremiki Lamurong who scored two goals in the 32nd and 73rd minutes and one goal by Batskhem Thangkhiew scored the third goal in the 56th minute.
And in my name shall they cast out devils;
Teach yourself bah Paul to become a star and not a crorepatika. The government should provide opportunities for the people who want to start their own businesses but those who don't want to have power in poverty should find a way how to do it. To increase the development of the state due to the exploitation of private individuals in the increase of shop fees, the advance fees are so high that those who do not earn enough to think about the advance fees for shops are discouraged. As a youth, I think it is difficult for the government to ensure that this will be a fair and affordable price throughout the state so that the exploiters will not get it and it will also be a way to encourage them. If the government takes care of this, I believe that many people will want to start their own businesses and the government should also provide loans for them. There is no such thing as a low interest rate.
SS Uttam Moirangthem, a member of the Kanglei Yawol Kanna Lup (PDF) Meitei, was killed in a clash between members of the People's Defense Force (PDF) and members of the Myanmar Military in Myanmar.
When you arrive at the house, put the food and drink in the room so that the lights are bright.
Speaking on Rain Water Harvesting, K.Khongsit, Assistant Engineer, Water Resources, said that water shortage has started to appear not only in the city but also in the rural areas due to climate change. Rain Water Harvesting has been implemented by collecting rainwater in ponds, wells and through households by building piped water tanks. and treatment plants or filters that can purify water for use.
He said that if the residents have any concerns in the implementation of this project, they should contact the village leaders and also by calling.
The claim that if a District or Sub Division is established, it will benefit the people is not true.
Shillong: A wife has been killed by her husband and her body was dumped in a river at Rajpur, Phulbari PS in West Garo Hills.
Shillong: The MGSPHS VA together with one of the invitees, Angela Rangad, have lodged a complaint at Laitumkhrah Police Station against the dissemination of videos on social media that defame the MGSPHS VA. to its members, especially the name of Angela.
“We have already directed the NHIDCL to continue the work of this road because we want to see that this project will be completed as soon as possible.
Although we won only 11 MLAs in the last election, we will work hard to ensure that we win this election in Sohiong so that the number of MLAs will increase.
Mukul also slammed the MDA government led by Conrad Sangma for giving hope to the youth of the state.
“At this point, we don't know what is written in the report but we have tried to ask for it but the government has said that it cannot give it yet because they are still waiting. ".
Two goals were scored by Nonistar Swer (4 min) and Riklansing Warmalai (35 min).
However, when the foreigner arrived at the Umsning Police Station, many women from Umsning area went to accompany the foreigner to the police station and promised to lodge an Ejahar against them. On receiving the complaint, the RBYF members immediately rushed to the police station to inquire and also to seek clarification on the complaint lodged by the Longkmie, but When the RBYF members arrived at the scene, they went into the office of the Officer In-charge and the talks which lasted for a long time, reached the point of understanding and no Regarding this incident, Bah Phrangsngi Kylla, said that the reason why the RBYF has arrested and questioned the foreigner. , is because they don't know who he is, where the party itself feels that it is not good, that foreigners can enter and leave as they please in the villages, especially that this person who He was a foreigner and had a motorcycle with a registration number from Assam.
A few months after the examination, she was surprised to learn that the Principal had called her to meet him.
With this victory, Services came second in Group-B of the tournament.
Shillong, July 24: The 10k Olympic Day Run organized by the Meghalaya State Olympic Day Run (MSOA) on Tuesday morning was won by Daniel Wahlang in the men's category. Balarisha Thyrniang won the women's category.
Speaking on the Chief Minister, Babu Birbor said, “When Conrad's father was on earth and when he was in office, we didn't see him as a son of Conrad. and what Conrad has done has also destroyed the good reputation that his father has earned”.
As part of the Assam Rifles' National Integration Tour (NIT) programme, 24 women from Nagaland along with teachers met with the Governor of Nagaland. Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, Raj Bhavan, Shillong.
Perhaps it is necessary to think carefully about the reason.
In an interview with the Junior Engineer, he informed the union leaders that immediate action will be taken for the safety of the people and said that the survey will be accompanied by members of HITO Thadlaskeiñ Areas.
Ms Sungoh said that women should hold on to the customs and traditions of the nation, whether it is in dress, language, behavior and manners.
On the other hand, Samla Player Mashli said that the organization is deeply saddened by the problems faced by the people due to the lack of airtel network in the area. that it is useless to deposit money on their simcards because they cannot use them.
In New Hill near the school, an electronics shop lost its computer due to the earthquake.
We would like to urge the police department to investigate thoroughly to find out those who collaborate with foreigners in Benami.
It is true as many say that time has flown too fast.
Marriage is indeed difficult and only those who have gone through it know that.
Universal Sompo General Insurance Company Ltd (USGICL) on 29th June donated Hemodialysis Machines, Cardiac Monitor Machines, Ultrasound Machine and Dialysis Couches at Civil Hospital Shillong.
This statement of Bah Bindo has angered the vendors in Iewduh until they have vowed to give their answer in the 2018 elections.
He said that under the Modi government, no other department has been accused of corruption and this is the service of the BJP government. house construction, Ujjala scheme, and others for the poor,” said Alphonse.
when Zero comes out of the field, those who speak evil will be amazed.
Four students from the school who passed well in the SSLC examination including Wanpynhun Sutting, Daiarhun Masharing, Dahunhi Shadap and Yorly Syngkli were also honoured.
The Minister also expressed his concern over the construction of houses or other buildings near the banks of the Umïam and Umkhrah Rivers.
Speaking to media, Samla Donald V Thabah General Secretary of the party said that the reason why the party leaders protested in front of the minister is because of the Indian government's refusal to build the The full CAU of Meghalaya has been established in this area and the lack of a full CAU of Meghalaya has affected many Khasi students and farmers.
According to the family members of the woman, Pratima Sangma, Ibanisha Kharbuki and Jeofreeson Jana have been married for a year. he used to go and pick up his children every time to lead them.
KHNAM has sent a petition to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to take action and copies have been sent to the NPP, UDP, VPP, HSPDP, PDF, BJP, AITC and Congress. .
This is after some of the people who have just returned from outside the state, who are still under the quarantine rules, have come out and walked upstairs, which could cause serious harm. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah today warned that if anyone violates the quarantine, they will be punished according to the rules of law.
Four persons from the same household have been buried alive in a landslide in West Jaintia Hills District on Sunday morning.
The Minister also informed that as the government has already announced, they will donate 4 lakh tyngka each for the deceased.
This degrades the identity of the nation and destroys the traditional values ​​and loses all the knowledge and understanding that should be inherited.
After the programme, the Secretary of the Village Dr.RL Talang said that they followed up with the distribution and planting of tree seedlings to the villagers led by the Self Help Groups in the village.
“When I was studying in Chennai, people didn't know when I said I was from Meghalaya but as soon as I told them that I was from PA Sangma's state, they knew everything,” said AT Mondal.
Shillong, Lber 3: A NEHu Bus (ML-05B-0648) driven by G.Sohsten collided with a Scooty (ML-) at 9 pm today. 05P-7453 was driven by Ibapherlin Suchiang (23 years old) at Golf Club, Shillong.
Bah Kynpham said the purpose of the National Seminar is to strengthen their demand and to show before the Central Government the urgent need and action in the recognition of the Khasi language.
The government had earlier appointed committees to find ways and means to curb the illegal entry of people into the state.
On the other hand, Debbarma also requested the Prime Minister to take up the matter with the CBSC for the benefit of the students who are indigenous citizens of the state. prepare examination questions in Roman characters.
In November 2014, the committee through the Secretary of the Assembly, Bah H Mylliemngap, ordered the Ministry of Agriculture to take all necessary measures to recover the money that has been spent up to T. 1.81 crore which is the amount already released.
“Those who want to contest elections from the VPP must be like obedient soldiers, who know the principles of the party and listen to the orders of the party leaders,” he said.
When asked why they conducted the search before entering, the guards inside the gate said because there was a Champion.
“Once they understand the foundation and goal in life, they will think and work hard to achieve that goal,” he said.
In the tournament which started from the 23rd to the 27th of this month, the State won 5 gold, 2 silver and 3 bronze medals.
“In Shillong, it is clear that Ma Vincent Pala will be the party candidate but to run smoothly as a candidate, he has to follow the rules and regulations,” said the Working President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee. , Bah PN Syiem while talking to media.
Meghalaya's players who led the tournament were Ribankyrshan Rympei, Bapynsuklang Mawlong, Ribanshan Marpna, Bhaboklang Khar Kongor, Teibok Nongrum, Willbeson Jaba, Wanpyrkhat Iawphniaw, Pepe Samdoi Rynjah. Clifford Lytan, Samchaphrang Lato, Daminot Wahlang and Berith Nongbri.
At this meeting, Hek also read out the 57 medicinal plants found by the North Eastern Council (NEC) in the year 2005-2006 and there are thousands of medicinal plants that have not been surveyed. recognize.
Not only that, these shelters will also facilitate access to proper treatment, adequate medicines, healthy food and others.
During the time of the rule according to God's Word, the children of Israel won the battle wherever they went because God was with them because He was their Ruler and King but after they wanted a king of their own, and so God granted their wish.
According to Tein, the Council had sent a letter to the Member Secretary of the Forum to submit the report in November last year but it did not hear. “I strongly suspect that there is a serious corruption due to the inability of the Forum to submit the report,” said the UDP MDC. monolith until the old one is cleared.
The truth is that the youth cannot just turn to politics, but they must stand up, ask questions, ask questions, ask questions if we want a clean and hopeful future.
With the implementation of this, it has been ensured that private vehicles no longer need to pick up or pick up children from schools.
On the other hand, they also expect that the government through this Expert Committee will implement the demands of the people of Hynniewtrep.
There were 262 others.
There are many crops in the village which provide food for the residents of the village including sohphan, sohpieng, kwai tympew and others.
The agreement has put pressure on the BJP government, which is in power to cut the zero line.
However, despite this opportunity, Ri Bhoi did not manage to score 10 goals, as the second goalkeeper failed to save the ball.
Therefore, the union urges the SSA teachers of Meghalaya to join the protest by sitting on the 20th of this month at the Additional Secretariat Parking lot. Shillong, November 19: The Khasi Students' Union Mawlai Circle today held a memorial service to force the government to pay equally to all SSA teachers. The 76th Death Anniversary of Myllung SOSO Tham, a great man of the Jaitbynriew, who has contributed to the writing of the Khasi literature through the words that reflect and preserve the heritage of the Jaitbynriew, A wreath laying ceremony and a short meeting at the memorial of this poet at Bah Nehu School.
Shillong, November 1: U Symbud Myn Tri Rangbah, Prof Roytre C Laloo, on Tuesday said that education in the state has improved significantly in recent years. you are also many.
Dozens of students of NEHU have expressed their dissatisfaction that until now only temporary superintendents have been appointed without a full time VC.
The checks were handed over to these farmers by Nongpoh MLA, Bah Mayral Born in the presence of officers from the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority.
Then, he said, when no one blocked the road, they went on as usual.
The first prize is T.1 lakh, the second prize is T.50,000 and five consolation prizes are T.10,0
On this occasion, Bah DG Malang was the chief guest.
Last year in November, the Education Cell of the KSU had written to the then Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Prestone Tynsong to ask for clarification on the status of the building. The Shillong Medical College was established in 2017 at the Reid Chest TB Hospital in Mawprem.
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) has expressed its deep sorrow over the tragic incidents caused by the army's restrictions on the movement of the people and residents of the village. Mawshbuit which caused the injury on the 12th of this month.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 12: The Meghalaya New & Renewable Energy Development Agency (MNREDA) today held a meeting to distribute solar study lamps to the school children of the district.
Players under 11, 13 and 15 years old born before 2008, 2007 and 2005 can attend the selection with their documents.
Shillong, Nailur 7: The Meghalaya State Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has urged the Congress that if it cannot pass the Land Act, it should hand over to the BJP to go to the Central Government. The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has ordered the government to do so for 15 months.
“Yes, you come here.
Furthermore, despite the criticism from many sides, the ability of the people to stand firm is worthy of praise.
Bayern Munich won the European Cup and the Bundesliga in 1974, but lost in the semi-finals of the German Cup.
“If I am biased, I will not accept the no confidence motion but as Lamphang I will conduct the dorbar without bias,” he said.
Ardent said that at present he is not ready to be called as the leader of the jaidbynriew because he has not been empowered to take on this responsibility but what he is still empowered as a leader is only. “I want to say clearly here that I am not the leader of the jaidbynriew but only as the leader of the VPP because I have been empowered to take this role and don't say that I am the leader. “Unless you win the candidates we are contesting from your constituencies, I don't have the right to be called like that,” he said.
The Open Knockout Football Tournament of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai will start tomorrow with the match between Newhill SC and Niaw Wasa United FC at 1 pm at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
The ECC has given until 20/08/2021 to the DC to close down these illegal factories in Sutnga District.
Three Meghalaya cricketers have been selected to represent the North East Zone team in the Senior Women's Inter-Zonal T20 Trophy 2023, which will be held from 24th to 4th November. November this year.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Bengaluru Unit on Tuesday held a meeting with the MLAs of Meghalaya at Kumara Krupa Guest House, Bengaluru.
The Meghalaya TMC has so far announced the names of 52 candidates for the 2023 elections.
The Dearness Relief is renewed twice a year from 1st July and 1st November.
If these parties are willing to do so, they will surely set a record in the state that the party with the most MLAs will suffer.
There are those who explain that the KHADC has to respect the rules of the Street Vendors Act 2014, I would like to ask here why you are too clever? ieng “DO NOT SELL YOUR GOODS”.
This means that there were between 2,50,000 and 3,00,000 people in Jerusalem during the Passover.
The Syiem and the Dorbar of the Hima Mylliem have lodged a complaint before the Chandrachud Committee as follows: “The definition of the boundary according to the Act 1876 does not affect anything and cannot work within the Hima Mylliem. It is the entire Khasi Hima and does not fall under the Khasi Hills District or British India.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: The KHNAM State Youth Wing (KHNAM) under the leadership of its President, Bah Thomas Passah today met with the Director of Tourism Department, Kong R.C. Sohkhlet.
I would like to emphasize that unemployment is a serious issue and breeds other evils in society, such as drug abuse, theft, prostitution and worse still, riewshim kabu who threaten to employ women if they are willing to fight with them.
One of the problems mentioned by the FKJGP leader is the heavy traffic jam in Mawlai which has been caused by these 12 and 14 shaka trucks in the Mawlai area.
“This area at Barik Point is surrounded by roads.
At a meeting held in Delhi on 16th November 2016 on the issue of Good Governance Day, the BJP Party sent a letter to the meeting through the then General Secretary. David Kharsati said that in Meghalaya it will not be accepted.
In 2017, she won the Asian Women's Championships in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
In addition, there is poverty and disease, such as the temporary death of infants, children and women during childbirth.
The winner of Deinchynrum SC was awarded by Pawlina Tlang, daughter of (L) Mary Tlang while the runner-up was awarded by Merun Tlang, granddaughter of Deinchynrum SC. by (L) Mary Tlang.
They said that in 2017, they were very pleased with the promise of Victor Rani to build the bridge through the MDC scheme at a cost of Rs. lakh for the construction of the bridge and it will be stable because they find it difficult to walk through this river, especially during the rainy season and it is difficult to walk when the trees that build the bridge they have begun to rot and can burn at any time.
“We have already met them and we have already told them that their job is the life and death of people who urgently need the assistance of ambulances.
She said that Narwan is a special village in East Jaintia Hills District which has also been named as a Model Village and is also famous for its Soh Ñiamtra.
While the BSF troops tried to stop the vehicle, the driver drove the vehicle to the road to Umkiang village.
In fact, it is only a guideline on how education should be conducted in the state.
He was speaking after a heated clash between the members of HITO and the police after the group tried to turn from Sadar Police Station to the Secretariat after the President of the HITO, Bah Donbok Dkhar, said: He was summoned by the Investigating Officer in connection with the case of wearing a blue uniform.
Rs 33.98 crore, as part of the state, has been approved by the Ministry of Education of India through the Project Approval Board.
This Child sheds new light on human life.
“We are afraid because we don't have the opportunity to meet our senior leader to express our concerns about the preparation of our candidate,” she said.
Jowai: The Dorbar Tlang of the JHADC which ended today with questions and the approval of the Bill on the inclusion of the Kur Pang and Kur Mynso as the Kurs who have the right to contest. Dolloi in Shang area.
On the discussions with the government on the new law to ban mynder ri, Joe said that so far, there has been no arrangement to discuss the new law soon.
However, it has affected the smooth running of vehicles especially small vehicles which should transport people to different villages.
On the part of the Government, it has placed the education sector as a priority which can be seen through the budget spent on education,” he said.
The price reduction will affect the government's revenue of T.1 lakh crore, he said.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner, Supply, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh, has announced the release of AAY, PHH, NON-NFSA and PMGKAY rice for the month of June 2020 to all ration shops. Shop) which is located in Ri Bhoi.
Kathmandu, June 26: An earthquake has risen to 2,300 in Nepal and 66 in India in an earthquake that struck on Tuesday.
There are only a few government employees, school teachers and weavers.
The state has received funds from the present government, many of the funds have been spent by the present government, without any knowledge of what they have done. There is no accurate information in this regard, said Dr Mukul Sangma.
However, in this selection test, the DSEO office of East Khasi Hills has set 20 marks for the students.
Through the enactment of this Act, the Inter-District Movement has been banned and the people have been warned not to leave their homes. they are without proper reasons.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, today honored Director Pradip Kurbah, Producer Ribiang Tlang and the team that won the National Award for the Khasi film titled you 'Ri'
Indeed, it is the lack of understanding of the meaning of the NEP 2020 which has led the NEHU authorities and the Government of Meghalaya to turn away from their responsibilities and slow down in relation to the implementation of the NEP which also obtains the consent and cooperation of the groups responsible for the implementation of the work.
We are happy when we do not experience the sufferings of others.
He said that the reason for the confusion and incompleteness is due to the issuance of Sanad by the Lyngdoh Sohiong. There are 20 or 25 households under their jurisdiction, we don't know why he issued Sanad without consulting the Union which hasn't been in existence for decades, we just think that maybe the Lyngdoh “It's a very sensitive person,” said Step War.
They also discussed the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence and the celebration of Mahatma Gandhi's Birthday and the development of backward districts.
On this occasion, there was also an awarding ceremony for the teachers and Scout & Guide Masters who are also teachers in West Jaintia Hills District.
My name is 'Rimai'
It refers to citizenship, community management, cooperation with the authorities for the building of the country and the nation.
Speaking at a briefing, Kong Sarita said that her supporters have urged her to move and announce publicly whom she will support, after she has decided not to contest the election because the supporters of you need leaders.
The Minister informed the Legislative Assembly that there are 1301 posts for which the MPSC should have called for examination and interview. shym la has been filled or thrown.
Shillong: The meeting of the Central Body of the Kur Shabong, Shallam and Mukhim will be held on the 11th June 2019, at 11.30 pm, near Step By Step School, Barik.
Referring to the presence of the TMC in Meghalaya, Conrad said they have taken over the territory of the opposition, but they have divided their party.
The purpose of this study is to find out the number of farmers across the State and to facilitate the spread of the disease, the breeding and milking methods as well as the feeding methods of these animals. .
The tasks of these committees are to inspect the villages recognized by Meghalaya and also named after Assam, to look into the condition of the land, to look into the condition of the villages. to meet with the residents of these villages and to discuss the views of those in these villages and to meet with the members of the District Councils. The committees shall submit their reports within 30 days from the date of publication of this notice.
The DC and DEO of EKHD informed that measures to curb these allegations related to the use of children in the KHADC elections 2024 and also for the Lok Sabha elections 2024, have been issued. This is the law for all parties.
I just looked at their report card.
" That's why we get to exchange from one person to another without any excuse, because they're just friends.
Nongpoh: The Police Department of Ri Bhoi District has won the title of the Inter Office Football Tournament 2019, organized by the Nongpoh Police Sports Association (NSA) at Pahamsyeim Stadium, after beating the PHE Department by 5-4, in the final which reached the tie-breaker.
Therefore, he urged the faithful to understand that the resurrection of Jesus is the hope and salvation of each of us as he ascended to heaven to sit in the will of his Father. and he will come again to save us and woe to us again if we cannot do the will of God we will have to face punishment before God even if Jesus came to save us by dying on our behalf. Cross, he added.
There is also a music studio recording conducted by one of the youths of Mawïong Pyndengrei.
They will always give the order to build this road on both sides because all these are just for the purpose of showing off to the world.
If either of these two parties comes, it will already destroy the nation, unless the UDP doesn't intend to destroy the people.
Also present on the occasion were leaders and members of KSU Barak Valley from Assam.
On the other hand, the CM may take action on this demand of the party and will inform his fellow Ministers in his Cabinet.
Then she sat lyngngeit on the ground, when the police tried to drag her away.
Meanwhile, the department has prepared a site for the conversion of non-water waste into fertilizer.
Jail Road took the lead before batting first and scored 96 runs for the loss of six wickets in 15 overs.
The purpose of the program is to promote the products manufactured by small scale enterprises and others through the Vocal for Local Campaign and Atma Nirbhar Bharat Abhiyan as envisioned by the Prime Minister. you country.
Before closing the programme, the Sub Inspector, Bah O.Nongtdu, led the reading of the Pledge to say 'No to drugs' and never to get involved in drugs. , the pledge was attended by the people who attended the meeting including school children.
Aurelius Male and Ph.D.
Only in these days we have seen several MDCs joining the BJP in our state and it was also said that there are still many who want to join but who do not want to reveal their names now.
Shillong, Naitung: Stephen Memorial Secondary School, Mawlai Mawroh on Tuesday launched the Creative Week 2022 in the presence of the MLA of the constituency, Bah PT. Sawkmie as a congressman.
In his speech to the Christian community today, Cardinal Charles Maung Bo said, “God wants us to accept whatever happens in our lives that comes into our lives”.
“I thought that the Minister of DCA had called a meeting of the CEMs to decide on the old VAB but it did not happen,” said Bah Nongrum.
An FIR was lodged and handed over to the law enforcement authorities.
According to sources, the Forest Department said that the truck escaped from the police check post at Kakopathar.
Amlarem: The FKJGP War Jaintia Circle, after receiving a complaint from the residents of the area, on 27th July 2023, has visited the NH 40E to find out the deterioration of the NH The NH 206 from Nongtalang to Dawki has been found to be true and only a few months after the construction of this road, it has been found that it has collapsed and collapsed along this road. The road connecting Bangladesh.
Nongpoh: The Umsning Town Durbar, has announced that it will hold a three-day Carnival Fest Cum Fete 2022 from the 24th to the 26th of this month at the Umsning Town Durbar. Snow.
“It would have been better if this work had been done by contractors from Garo Hills who know the customs and traditions of the Garo people.
In Women's Doubles, S Mukhim and B Dohling won the second prize.
“At present, we cannot discuss or discuss anything on this issue because we don't know when the curfew will be lifted,” he added.
Shillong: The village authorities of Mawkynring, Nongkynrih, near Laitlyngkot, yesterday arrested four elderly men, who were sitting near the village and drinking alcohol.
At Barato and Sahsniang PHCs, special beds have been set up.
He said he had earlier left the HSPDP and joined the Congress by alleging that the ethnic parties have grown too many as titles in Meghalaya.
Speaking through NEIRBC, the Archbishops said that the destruction of the church in Delhi has affected the feelings of Christians not only in Delhi but across the country. He said that such incidents have happened many times in the past including in many parts of North East India.
Another related word in the Khasi language is – 'ksaw – bok shong rwïang', which is written by U Long Blei on our Lyngtyrwiang shynrong.
On the second day of the Wind of Change programme, song and costume competitions were held.
He said that the main reason why he is contesting the 2023 election is to help and improve the income of the farmers in the 1-Nartiang Constituency and to bring about sustainable economic development.
He said the BSF personnel involved are still under suspension after the shooting death of Bah Roning.
The tournament started from the gate of Kiang Nangbah Stadium at 6 pm.
“It is time for the MLAs to speak in Khasi in the House as part of speeding up the central government to recognize the Khasi language,” said Bah Lambokstarwell.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09 : Meghalaya, Mizoram and Nagaland have qualified for the semi-finals of the men's U-21 category at the 2nd North East Olympic Games
Besides the challenges related to the replacement of Mathematics, Science and English with new books, many students have not yet received new books due to the lack of books in the market. not only for the number of students but also for the smooth running of schools in the education of children.
After implementation, the MTDC will receive T.1.73 lakh per annum.
“We will continue to work and raise issues that will improve the work of the Government for the benefit of the people of the State,” he added.
Nongpoh, June 02: As part of the Amrit Mohotsav to mark the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence, REC Limited, Maharatna Company The Ministry of Power, Government of India has organized a program known as 'Bijli Utsav' in Ri Bhoi to explain the purpose of the program launched by the Government of India.
“We have extended our support to the AASU for the past three days since the beginning of November 16,” he said.
Violence against women is not only among foreigners but also among young people and it needs to be accepted that rape happens even among those who are married.
Lenmawtap A and Lenpdeng Shnong of Sohiong have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills against the holding of the Mela in Sohiong. KJ Basaiawmoit without consulting the village authorities.
Shillong: Nongtyngur Sports Club has won a cash prize of T.1.40 lakh after beating Nongmadan Sports Club in the 19th Riwar Cup Invitation Football Tournament on Saturday. Saturday Bakur square.
The chiefs of the Chyrmang, Tuber and Ialong dynasties came to visit Mookhai Hill to perform the Kñia Pyrthat ritual.
After a while in the second half, Rangdajied scored the second goal through Ïeitlang, who headed the ball into the free-kick shot by Captain Knerktilang Buam in the 56th minute.
On this occasion, there are MLAs who have been more prominent in politics such as Dr Mukul Sangma, Charles Pyngrope, Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, Saleng A Sangma, Ardent Basaïawmoit and Mr. Adelbert Nongrum.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of Social Welfare, Deborah Marak said that these days were celebrated to commemorate the contribution of the elderly in the society.
Police have arrested Graceful Sumer, 37, resident of Caroline Colony, Jowai with 14.06 grams of heroin. They were wrapped in soap and placed in a shop in Iawmusiang, Jowai.
He wants to prove to the people of this constituency that the Hok ka Sot will stand firm once and for all without any discrimination.
At the same time, the Forum urges the people to maintain peace and order by refraining from violence and not to believe too much in the statements of others.
He said that this amendment may conflict with other laws of the Hima, and demanded that it should be sent to the Select Committee, to read and consider before bringing it back to the House. council.
However, to expect that the expert committee will approve according to the wishes of the VPP will be a surprise to the Garo friends.
The announcement that these two characters have decided to stop acting in Marvel films is something that many viewers didn't expect or expect and Gwyneth in the past years has acted as Pepper Pots in the Iron Man.
“There is an allegation that there is an error in the payment of the EPF of the employees, I will tell you that it is only an arrangement with the office which on their part, they have ordered to pay the EPF. In 2018, we have completed that,” said Bah Pathaw.
It is worth mentioning that recently, a robber who was accused of raping an elderly woman, escaped from the hands of the police while he was being taken to the Civil Hospital, for treatment. and Medical.
Maitshaphrang Khongeer (53 runs off 22 balls) and Nerrykupar Dkhar (61 runs off 24 balls) top scored.
Up to 7 students have come to take part in the three day tournament which started on the 17th.
Meanwhile, Bah Elton Cliff Warjri, Senior Vice President, in his speech, recalled the path of the party in 2014 and beyond where the members should have a strong spirit to serve the nation as a whole. .
All other citizens in this country take descent from the father.
Now you have fallen into a great evil.
Remember that the cow should be checked to see if it is pregnant after 2-3 months of breeding.
It is because there are some people who have appealed to the court that the order has been issued not to remove those trees that have been burning in West Khasi Hills and East Jaintia Hills.
Former CEM of KHADC Latiplang, leader of the United Democratic Front (UDF) has filed a complaint in the High Court of Meghalaya against the introduction of the Administrator Rule in the KHADC. The AR, four Executive Members (EMs), have received the approval of the Governor after the High Court, Meghalaya has ordered the appeal of Bah Latiplang. the AR by the Lat through the approval of the State Government.
The Umjaut River flows from the Steplakrai area and the road follows the Umjaut River for more than 3 kilometers.
Shillong, November 03: The fourth group of the Meghalaya Adventurers Association (MAA) has conducted a one day training at Mawmluh Creek on the 12th of this month.
According to the source, the truck was coming from Maweit area and was about to unload coal at Nongspung but on reaching the place it somehow overturned.
There are 112 branches of the Seng Khasi in the state.
“The name of Tirot Singh is great.
In addition, Rohit Prasad was paid a salary of T.75,000 per month, DA and quarter allowance.
