On the other hand, the FKJGP, KSU, HNYF & RBYF, have already decided not to stand idly by on the violation of the rights of the indigenous people and are ready to take action. Therefore, I would like to take strong action against the silence of the state government in the coming days.
In this regard, the union will soon demand from the government to strengthen the existing Infiltration Check Gate and also to demand from the government to set up one in Narpuh Elaka.
Through the documents he received through RTI, Bah Disparsing said that regarding the purchase of electricity by MeECL, the documents show that there are companies selling up to 8 tyngka per unit while MeECL has sold it to the public at 5 tyngka per unit.
Another woman said, “I don't want to shake hands with the pastors who have AADHAR numbers.” Another said, “Jesus revealed that the AADHAR number is bad and it is No 666; The Pastor said, 'When Jesus says so, how can I say that?'
He said that the spread of the gospel in Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills has reached 180 years.
At 1.00 pm, the documents of the candidates will be examined and after that, the candidates will be announced on the same day.
Speaking at the programme, Justice Sanjib Banerjee stressed the need to protect diversity in the country. India.
On the 24th of July, there will be a meeting of the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Mawryngkneng, which will be held on the 24th of July 2020, from 10 am to 2 pm at the same venue. area.
According to the village leaders of Moorap, the Dorbar Shnong and the family of I Love You Talang have refused to take the body of I Love You Talang which is still at the morgue at the Civil Hospital, Ïalong.
Therefore, what step should we take if we feel that this is wrong for the Khasi Jaintia and we have to fight for that 40% while the Garo is losing his longtrai rights? When will our lawyers and leaders be surprised? Especially our Seng Riewlum now that it is time to prepare for the elections, does your manifesto contain such a decision or reluctance to do something on this issue? The water has reached the ryndang, what will happen to this heritage now and to the future, your children? Therefore, it is the responsibility of our State to set up many coaching centers in different districts to teach, to guide our youth in the most appropriate and efficient manner to prepare them for these jobs. competitiveexams because the competition has become more and more intense with the passing of the years.
Pastor Moore showed the young man a picture of the Pilgrim and told him about the problems he faced and said that the problems of the Pilgrim are also the problems of the young man and all people.
“To join the UALA, ANVC, ANVC(B) is not on the agenda of the HNLC. 6 years but it's been 30 years now".
He was speaking on the reply of Union Minister Jitendra Singh in charge of Atomic Energy in the Legislative Assembly that the Union Government still has a plan to mine uranium in the state. The KSU, which has been opposed to the Uranium Mining Project since the beginning, has made it clear in the past few days that it will not allow the mining of uranium in Mawthabah. the state.
On the occasion of the 73rd Foundation Day Celebration on 24.02.2024, ESIC, Regional Office, North East Region, Guwahati received the award for outstanding performance in the Regional Office in the group of Regional Office. (Small).
CPBFI currently runs more than 350 colleges in 23 states, 100 districts and more than 160 urban areas to develop MBA students and aspirants and create job opportunities for them financial.
The house of Kong Biki Biam was inaugurated on the 25th by Gerhard Albert, President of Khublei Germany and blessed by Fr. Simeon Sungoh, GB Member of JHDS in the presence of Fr. Manbha Pakem, Director JHDS, Staff. and the leaders of the Mihmyntdu Catholic Church.
This has stirred up the bloodshed of the residents and has deprived them not only of income but of hope as well.
Digital ImpactBetween 2014-2019, India's digital economy grew from 5.4% to 8.5% of GVA. Digital economy grew 2.4 times faster than you have received your full income in the same period.
The Meghalaya Minerals Exporters Chamber (MNC) said in a statement that the MLA should take action against this in the House.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Nongsiej said that he wants to have a dialogue on this issue as there is no other better way than dialogue.
North Garo Hills scored four runs in the first over and reached 245 runs for the loss of all wickets.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its strong opposition to the implementation of the Armed Forces Special Power Act (AFSPA) in Garo Hills. The party feels that this Act cannot bring peace in Garo Hills, but will only create more trouble in the area.
On the other hand, the government should also appoint a team to monitor and monitor the implementation of any buildings so that the buildings will be clean and good and will be a pleasure for the people to use as buildings. strong to avoid any unpleasant incidents in the future.
In the second leg, Moodymmai played Lumsliarsliar without scoring a goal.
At the meeting held at Khedangar Primary School, the village leaders expressed many problems especially in relation to the litigation to prove the ownership of their land.
Zhang is also confident that the Chinese team's performance in the group will be very good, but its players should also prepare well for the tournament. their matches in the knock-out stage.
Earlier, Sutirtha Mukherjee and Ayhika Mukherjee won silver medals in women's doubles in table tennis.
Fill this void yourself, otherwise, the wind from the high pressure areas will come from all sides to fill it and it will cause a storm and will destroy the houses, the families. our.
When you leave the polling station, no one will remember you.
In the midst of this clash, the police from both the states were witnessed as unable to control the incident and had to remain as spectators.
According to Conrad, the government has not been stingy in this regard but has been very careful because its job is to protect the villagers.
The MDA government has sold the land of the villagers as an example of the border settlement with the Assam government in the first wave when most of the land of Meghalaya went to Assam, but now it wants to Jarain SC beat PHE XI 4-3 in the final of the Open To All Knockout Football Tournament 2022 organized by KSU West Jaintia District. The World Cup will be held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai on Saturday.
“Every time we can sell 15-20 vehicles a month, now only 5-10 vehicles are not bought,” she said.
“We still think that the government has called for a thorough discussion on the lack of attention of the NHAI to repair the road,” he said. “As the union together with the people of Narpuh area, the village authorities of the area have decided to open the toll gate. The toll gate in Lumshnong will not be opened until the NHAI has improved 70 to 80 percent of the road. The NHAI revenue collection point in Lumshnong has been closed down by the members of the union, Waheh Shnongs and the people and until now the union and the people stand firm on the ground that they have decided until the government and the NHAI has repaired the road along the NH-6
Shillong, Lber 11: U Storgy Lyngdoh, PSO of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) who has been arrested, has been remanded in judicial custody for 14 days.
He said that under this ADB funded scheme, 62 schools have been completed and 65 schools are under construction across the state.
Troops of the 168th and 222nd battalions of the CRPF were involved in conducting the patrol on Tuesday, he said.
The second runner-up was Melisha Shylla from Umsiang Mawpdeng, Ri Bhoi District.
It is learned that this incident occurred after the attack on the farmers who had burnt down their rice fields at Khanduli Square by the Karbi people at Khanduli Square.
The DEO has sent this letter to these nine political parties on the 6th of this month.
The Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) has awarded the 1st Kiang Nangbah Excellence Award to the best students.
In this match, SCA, which won the toss, failed to tied first from Group B of Zone
“With this visit we hope that perhaps the problems faced by the country either with the state government or with the Indian government will be resolved and we understand that this is not a task that can be achieved now but it is “It will take time and as a party we want this discussion to be fruitful,” he said.
Meanwhile, five other members of the force were rescued.
Why has it forgotten even what it has started to understand and that is why we are protesting here to remind the government.
Because if the environment is clean, tourists will also enjoy it and if there are many tourists, it will be a great benefit and especially an increase in income. (Economy).
The teacher allegedly raped a research scholar of the university in his office.
JOWAI: An Audio Visual Van of DIPR has been set on fire by unidentified persons at around 2 pm this morning.
"We want to promote friendly relations with Bangladesh," Dubey said.
Furthermore, in the field of education, the government has shown that under the SSA scheme, the Integrated Education for the Disabled (IED) has been implemented where in 2013-14, there were 9797 children who needed to be educated. Of these, 7308 have been enrolled in schools according to the UDISE.
The State Government will demand that the National Testing Agency (NTA) should hold the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) again due to the irregularities in the conduct of the examination. This examination includes those who have not been able to register for this examination.
Not only the employees should be warned, warned, strongly warned those employees at the infiltration check gate who steal money as if they are not paid their salaries.
The opposition of various civil society groups to the railway line is because it will pose a threat to smuggle foreigners into the state which is still clean and to invade the villagers as happened in other places like Tripura.
When asked how he alleged that Mawrie is an agent of the NPP, Dr Ao said that he has done something wrong in politics. In politics, you don't have to worry about shitra.
Therefore, they have faced a serious problem if the bank continues to close as it is now.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle on Tuesday awarded the 2nd Mayshaphrang Academic Award 2019 to the students of War Jaintia District who have passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations. The purpose of distributing these awards is to encourage and motivate the students of the area to rise to higher levels.
“The Shillong Golf Club is not a society or NGO that helps anyone but it is a self-employed organization,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
It was found that if there is a shortage of even one small well, the water supply to the city will stop.
Ex.Pastor K.LangrinWhen we go to bury the body of a person at the cemetery, we find that a brief history has been read from birth to death.
They also discussed the shortage of staff in the Water Resources Department and the future of the Muster Roll and others.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister commended all the stakeholders who have taken the initiative to implement this project to ensure the provision of health care and services in the rural and disadvantaged areas of the state including that Hospital in that District.
The order also stipulates that only those shops recognized by the government under the inspection of the district authorities and supermarkets, shopping malls, gyms, beauty parlours, cinema halls and Public places should not be opened in East Khasi Hills.
This information came through relatives, friends and children.
Daniel said, “Thou, O son of Nebuchadnezzar, hast not humbled thy heart, though thou knewest all these things, but hast lifted up thyself against the Lord of heaven.
Shillong MP Vincent H Pala was the chief guest and Mawkhar SC President Ransom Sutnga was the chief guest.
Audrey Liza Malngiang from Shillong, one of the newly employed youths, expressed her gratitude and said, “It is a blessing and honor for me to be part of the Rozgar Mela. I would like to thank the Prime Minister for allowing me to work for the Government of India”.
The arrest of these nine members of the union was based on a complaint lodged by a shopkeeper in Khyndailad against the 9 members of the union. were involved in breaking into the shop in the past few days.
One of the problems of women is early childbearing.
The Meghalaya Film Makers Association (MLMA) has congratulated and congratulated Commander Shangpliang, President of MeFilMA. has been selected to perform at the Cannes Film Festival to be held in France from the 16th to the 27th of this month.
The distribution of these tins was held at Umshaw village and those present on the occasion included the Rangbah Shnong of Umshaw, NPP office bearers and NPP Mawhati Constituency office bearers.
He said that their MTET certificate is only for two years and their certificate has been issued by the DRP since 10th June.
Shillong, Nailar 13: Former Speaker of Lok Sabha Purno A Sangma and MP from Tura on Friday met with Union Minister of Water Resources Uma Bharati at the Legislative Assembly. He said that the government will revive the Rongai Valley Project which has been abolished by the Meghalaya government.
On this day, the ceremony will start at 8 pm from Khyrdop Lum Sohpetbneng and at 10 pm there will be a ceremony on the Duwan of this sacred mountain.
Even if these things are not mentioned, there may be no evidence of truth if they do not happen as mentioned.
This, therefore, is the story of the road known as the David Scott Road.
The KSU said that regarding the Pdengshakap PHC, the doctor of the hospital said that it can accept positive cases according to the bed and special rooms allocated for the patients, but it is not Nongtalang CHC has 40 special beds with 40 rooms with equipment such as oxygen cylinders and others. The problem of this CHC is that once the electricity goes out, the oxygen cannot be used.
The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has announced the names of its U-19 women's squad for the BCCI tournament in Bhubaneshwar, Odisha.
If it is, as Conrad said, it shows that those who are still sure to stay in the Trinamool will be only members of Mukul Sangma's family, such as Dikkanchi D Shira, his wife, who is still in the Trinamool. His daughter Miani D Shira from Ampati and his brother Zenith D Sangma from Rangsakona.
Liverpool are leading the Premier League with 25 points, while Manchester City are second with 22 points.
In the Pyrnai GS Circle, the villages are Mawkyrnot, Phlangtyngor, Ringer, Siatwait, Shakai, Mawiang, Mawlam, Ryngkew, Mawsohrisa, Mawlyndun, Mawlyndun, Mawlyndun, Mawkyrnot, Mawpyrthu, Mawbarem, Mawlam. , Shilliang Jashar, Nongkroh and Nongpriang.
“The people of Narpuh want development and that is why they have trusted the government of Dr Mukul Sangma but when we follow up we find that it is just a ploy to rig the election for the people,” said the MDC. He said that the MDA government has proved to the people by giving the Lumshnong C&RD Block without any politics but to help the people to get closer to the rule of the government.
He said that the goal of hosting the National Games 2022 in Meghalaya should not end with the construction of a stadium, but is only one part of many parts of bringing about change in all. for thousands of young men and women, as well as changes in education, employment and community.
“The decision I have taken is good for the party and for now I will have to think carefully about my future, what to do and how to move forward,” he said.
Sanbor's remarks came after Hek said that there is a need for a double engine in the Delhi Modi Government, Meghalaya Modi Government and AL Hek will be the Chief Minister.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the state government is expecting the Union Home Minister, Amit Shah, to visit Shillong after the expiry of the deadline. campaign election.
The FKJGP leader said that when the KSU set up the gates to check the people coming from Assam, the government ordered them to leave because they said it was illegal and the government had promised not to. “But why do these people enter easily, why does the government deceive and deceive us Sengbhalang, Why do such people still enter the country?” he asked.
A special scheme will be introduced by the Expenditure Department of the Government on the following terms:• Unconditional increase of 0.50%• 1% in four installments from 0.25%, of which one installment shall be link with initiatives to bring about change.
“We strongly oppose these two companies to set up in Ri Bhoi district as it will endanger the health of the people living nearby where these companies produce garbage,” said the general. Speaking after a meeting with the CEM, HNYF Northern Region Secretary Bah A.Jyrwa.
The political drama within the UDP in Nongpoh Constituency and the sudden joining of the Congress by the 2018 candidate and former MDC Kong Rona Khymdeit, shows the uncertainty of the suspended Congress MLA Bah Mayralborn to I'm not in the Congress.
“FC Goa is one of the best clubs in the country and I am happy to play for this club.
The speakers who gave their speeches on the occasion congratulated and blessed the HYC leaders and urged them to be truly leaders who love the nation and not just for their own interests.
The drugs were sent by another drug dealer named Khrawbok Diengdoh from Dongkamon, Nongmensong.
no.9856760256, Banking Corporation Ph.
The meeting was attended by UDP leaders Sanbok Rymbai, Chem Biam, Lephing Pyrtuh, Marki Mulieh, GM Lamar, Deisa Muruh, Robila Mylliem Pdah, Peter Kharmuti, Tiarsing Nongrum and others. others.
She also invites all the alumni of the school to attend, so that the celebration will be a success.
However, even after that, the coal that has just been mined has been hidden in public places and the government has been talking from time to time that the coal may have been mined since earlier.
In the study, published in Nature Medicine, 18-month-old monkeys were given injections of plasma taken from three-year-old monkeys. months of age.
Union Minister SP Singh Baghel today arrived in Shillong to inspect the state of Law and Justice in the state.
In fact, he called them the brood of Vipers, the whitewash sepulchres.
The Tripura government on Tuesday inaugurated the first Crime Branch Police Station (CBPS) in the state – to investigate cases related to more serious crimes. awat, drug trafficking and other illegal activities.
Speaking to one of the media outlets, Vincent H Pala said he would go to talk to the Vice President of the AICC. Rahul Gandhi on this issue.
Damebanker Lyngdoh of St. Anthony HSS won the Best Player award and Donkupar Ryntathiang won the Best Goalkeeper award. OM Roy's visit to Colinstone Khongji.
“Bah F.Ropmay said that the Governing Body has been too selfish in the way of paying salaries to the teachers, along with other ways of underestimating their services in the development of the College and the students of the College.
The National President of the party said that he has promised to give his full support to Kong Wandashisha Wahlang in this election and hopes that she will reach the goal of victory.
On this occasion, Rikut Parien said that the NDA government has passed the Uniform Civil Code in Delhi which means to bring one language and one religion by what it says. It is clear that this will not affect the minorities in the country.
“The Ministry of Culture of the Union Government has also suggested to celebrate Behdieñkhlam by including the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence and the Meghalaya Government's 50th Anniversary of Independence,” he said. but Shallam.
“Please don't hesitate to support the VPP under the leadership of Bah Ardent, we promise that even though many of the candidates from the VPP are new and unknown, we promise that If the victory comes, the people will trust them, we will introduce them to the State and other countries because the VPP was created for the purpose of bringing about clean governance,” said Bah Adelbert. .
He also strongly condemned Assam for accusing those who were shot of being timber smugglers.
Shillong: The Company Commander of 11 Bn BSF Sonatola BOP, East Khasi Hills District (EKH) has sent a complaint that on 29th November at 9.30 pm, good morning.
Shillong, Jymmang 07 : The NPP MP candidate from Shillong seat, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that if she gets only 8,000 votes from the constituencies where the NPP does not have MLAs, they will not win. happy victory.
It is shown that the vehicles, which cannot travel on the 1st, are those with numbers ending in 1 and 2, on the 3rd, those ending on 3 and 4, on the 4th, those ending on the 5th and 6th, on the 5th, those ending on the 7th and 8th, on the 6th, those ending on the 9th and 0th, on the 7th, those ending on the 1st and 2nd and 8th, ending on 3rd and 4th.
Simon the tanner was a good man, ready to invite strangers and to feed them.
Police immediately took the five persons to Civil Hospital Shillong for medical check-up and later took them to court.
Many things will be accomplished by God during this period of 1335 days before the 1000 year reign of Jesus Christ.
G Talang, General Secretary of KSU Hingaria, said that the villages which have to use this road include Lama, Borghat, Nadbor, Demlakang, Pdei, Khynriam, Kwator, Hingaria and Sonapur.
“As Nongpoh is the capital of the district, I urge the Prime Minister and the Minister of Sports to expedite the allocation of funds so that it can be implemented on time.
“For my part, I came out to contest this election because it will be a responsibility that the residents of these areas do not have any development work,” he said.
We feel that these vacancies will cause problems and affect many residents especially the young men and women and all the families regardless of their religion or ethnicity. " said the Seng.
In the Sub-Junior Cadet Girls – 37kg, Phibakordor Kurbah won the silver medal.
“I have bought a 10 acre plot of land,” he said, showing the documents, which have been completed.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today introduced the budget for the year 2024-2
On the other hand, Dr. Mukul Sangma said that the delay in releasing the coal which should be sold at auction is an illegal act by the present government, because it has a benefit. There are some people in power who have committed this illegal act until the government officials have had to become victims of these people in power.
Kejriwal called off his protest after the central government sent on leave two police chiefs whom his government had accused.
Langsning FC will play against Rangdajied United FC at 3 pm today.
He said that this has angered the people especially those who live in remote villages like Mawdoh, Synïa, Rangeisohïong, Umïong, Myrchiang and others. The fare of the vehicle has exceeded 400 tyngka and the electricity bill is increasing every month. The loss of days because everyone lives in agriculture has put the people in great trouble.
The impact of the relatives and loved ones of those people who take their own lives is one that can raise questions and cause the greatest sorrow.
Although no players from this state have yet to represent India, it was a pleasure for the SAM leaders to take part in this tournament.
Although many people know that this type of leaf can help relieve mouth ulcers, many do not know that it has many benefits for our health.
Samla Wanphrang explained that his use of the word 'Lorni' is to show that many of us Shillong residents are very lorni, and lorni news spreads quickly from one village to another. .
“I don't know who gave the order,” he said, adding that the first intention was to arrest the former HNLC leader. High level,,low level,,12 trucks carry coal,,,but they say there is no vehicle carrying illegal coal...until 2028 there will be a threat to the country and the nation we.
The FKJGP has urged the district administration of East Jaintia Hills and the transport department to take action to punish these overloaded trucks and punish them according to the rules of law.
Until we have the satisfaction of this Contractor (BRC) when we have witnessed the construction of the new Legislative Assembly,” said the MPYC Leader. and that even the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly should take responsibility for this incident.
The body of the deceased was identified as Dev Prasad also known as Chotu. His body was found about 2.5 km away. from the scene of the incident on the morning of Sunday.
But what we must understand is that Sunday is set apart for all, not just for Christians.
Therefore, from the statements we hear from time to time, we can say that there are many religious fanatics in our state.
According to the rules of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), all banks especially the State Bank of India must update all KYC (Know Your Customer) details of account holders in each bank.
Regarding the allowance of people from Assam to work as brokers in the office of the Transport Department, the union said that it cannot accept, as it could cause harm to many and especially eh at this time when all the people are afraid of the spread of COVID-1
This happened because the Khasi people were the ones who became the leaders of the Garo people.
The chief guests on the occasion were Bah Macmillan Byrsat MLA Nongstoin Constituency and Bah HG Lyngdoh Superintendent of Police.
It is for this reason that the mismanagement of teachers by dropping out of school has destroyed schools and students.
Those who have not received the letter should also accept that this is an information for them.
Mr CS Booth is the Secretary of the Boundary Committee.
While these events are taking place on earth in heaven, there is a marriage ceremony (meaning those who have been taken away and resurrected who have seen the Lord Jesus in heaven) of the Lamb of God.
“There was a raid conducted in many villages of the district including Multhan, Ghaghas, Kansali, Bhudbas and Nangal Mubarikpur by the Deputy Superintendent of Police of Ferozepur Jhirka, together with a team of police. , where you use drone cameras.
In this regard, the Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills District, Bah GD Kharwanlang said that until now it has not been possible to verify whether it was done by the robbers or by chance. .
The traffic police have reached Hynniewmer, which is on the Nongstoin-Sohra road, but they have not been able to control the vehicles and the traffic jam lasted for more than five hours.
“We have received information that the government through the Ministry of Tourism has planned to introduce tourism development schemes worth tens of crores in the area, but the question is how much tourism will increase if we don't “We have a good and complete road which is the source of development,” said the leaders of these two Sengbhalang.
Meanwhile, 15 people sustained serious injuries and seven were discharged after receiving treatment.
Morison (41) died at Ialong Civil Hospital while Khonglah (26) died on the way to Shillong from Nongtalang CHC. Hermon Gashnga was also arrested.
The death toll is 10 from East Khasi Hills District: 07, West Jaintia Hills: 02 and East Jaintia Hills District:
Laitkynsew has many great thinkers who have contributed to the society including Sib Sharan Roy, JE Tariang, DD Pugh and others.
Explaining about the beginnings of literature in the Khasi language, he said that the arrival of Sir Thomas Jones on 22nd July 1841 at Sohra was a great blessing to the Khasi Jaintia people. and if it had not been for his coming, the Khasi Jaintia nation would not have been what it is today.
He said that the delay in the distribution of this fee has caused a lot of trouble to them as many of them were waiting to pay their class fees.
Blood or Blood? It cannot be said that the Sengbhalang can be the greatest weapons to bring about this unity and harmony of the Jaitbynriew.
That it is a bit far away bit dar is very beautiful.
Bah BG Lapang from Ri-Bhoi urged the people to stand firm to protect the future of their children who should get jobs and also the roads which are the budlum of development. The MLAs and MDCs should bring about the benefit of the people.
It has appointed agents all over Meghalaya.
The question has arisen after this incident in many churches to think that perhaps it was due to the electricity shortage that the fire was already outside because at that time the electricity had gone out.
The Chyrmang Nein will bring the blue tree to a place called 'Moo tymmen', while the Chyrmang Wah will bring the blue tree to a place called 'Khang khrong'
This is the name of knowledge.
Launching the Khaw, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, said that the Khaw has been purchased for distribution to the people through T.25 lakh, which the government has distributed to all the MLAs in the state. , so that they can help the poor families who are facing difficulties during this time of lockdown.
The HYC has questioned the Government for not filling the 2,780 vacancies in the Police Department.
They also said that they have taken part in many competitions to showcase their products at places organized by the government, societies in the district, or even outside Meghalaya such as Delhi, Hyderabad, Dispur, Agartala and others who have been invited.
Meanwhile, the foundation stone of the Maternal & Child Health Hospital at Panaliar Jowai, which has 100 beds, was laid on 5th March 2014 but was completed in The Chief Minister of the State at the same venue.
The Apostolic Nuncio of India and Nepal, Most Rev. Leopardo Girelli, while delivering his message to the faithful gathered at Lum Tyngkong, Laitumkhrah, expressed his gratitude for the opportunity to take part in the Eucharistic Procession of the Shillong Archdiocese to share the love and devotion of the Holy Eucharist.
On these issues, members of the EJNC under the leadership of the General Secretary of the EJNC, Samla Daiamon Bareh, today met with the Deputy Commissioner of the EJNC, Abhilash Banarwal and discussed how to bring public toilets in Khliehriat and also to promote economic development in Khliehriat and the district as a whole. Please take action on these issues for the benefit of the people.
The 1st of March is the National Voluntary Blood Donation Day (NVBDD) and this day is celebrated across India.
The daughter of the woman has also tested positive for covid
He said that the way the contest is conducted is similar to the 'The Voice' contest held outside India.
The most urgent need now is to develop syllabuses in line with the Education Policy.
In East Jaintia Hills, the building of Umkiang PHC has collapsed and was severely damaged.
Not all people infected with the virus will develop TB, but the risk of developing the disease depends on lifestyle and access to healthcare.
Akash Choudhary scored 2/31, Dippu 2/39 while Teja scored 1/1
It is a good herb especially for those with diabetes because it can help to regulate the glucose in your body.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister said that the NPP welcomes the former MLA of Mawsynram to the NPP. Shangpliang as a leader including all his supporters who joined the party, and this strengthened and strengthened the party as a whole.
East Khasi Hills beat South West Khasi Hills 5-2
The statement said that the Prime Minister has agreed to meet with these groups near the camp of these protesting groups and this shows that the Prime Minister is really concerned.
“We have made it clear that we don't accept the railway line in the state while the ILP has not been implemented in the state and if the government wants to use force like it did in 2017, we are ready. When asked, Bah Lambokstarwell said that the KSU will never accept the railway road whether it is a freight railway or a passenger railway.
The new cases include EGH: 1, EKH: 45, RBD: 2, SWGH: 1, WGH: 1, WJH: 6 and WKH:
They also said that there are dozens of villages in the area, which fall under the Mawshynrut C&RD Block.
SP R Muthu and Addl Deputy Commissioner DM Wallang of West Jaintia Hills today visited the scene and the IC in charge of the area from Raliang Police Outpost has visited the area. together with the BDO of Laskein, they visited the area today.
Her writings have appeared in many magazines and newspapers including OPEN, Art India, Tehelka, India Today, Caravan, Forbes India, Outlook & Outlook Traveller, Asian Age and Timeout India and others.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla has donated his salary for the purpose of raising the salaries of teachers in a school in his constituency.
It is learned that these residents have recovered after the treatment and no one has suffered serious illness or has to reach the ICU and will soon be discharged from the hospitals.
Israel is surrounded by the Arab states of the Middle East who have been enemies of ancient times, whom Satan has already placed to hate Israel.
Dr.E.Suchiang, Pediatrician, Jowai, gave a detailed explanation on the types of injections for children to prevent various diseases. should be received from the time of intrauterine pregnancy and until the birth of infants who have to continue the injection as directed by the Doctors.
A quiz competition on the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra was also held among the participants.
On the other hand, regarding the protest of the farmers in the area, the Chief Minister and senior officers have called for talks with the farmers to discuss their demands, but In this meeting, no decision has been taken to benefit these affected farmers, and what the demands of these farmers will be considered.
The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has urgently released Rs 101.75 crore to the people of Manipur, who have suffered from the bloodshed.
Maldaris Shangliar, Assistant Nursing Superintendent, Incharge Laitmawsiang RHC and others.
If they go to market in other places besides the low fare during these times, it will cause them problems.
Hamlet said 27 lakh tyngka has already been requested to clean up the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers.
Shillong: Ka KHNAM, has lodged a complaint against a foreigner, Vinu Shishupal Rampal, for his Khasi citizenship. The union has informed the CEM in writing and the union understands that this is a benami act and this person should be punished according to the rules. 3(2) of the Lineage Act 1954 and also in accordance with section 17 of the Lineage Act 1997 of the Council.
Furthermore, Bah Himalaya, expressed his deep sorrow over the increase or decrease in the cost of medical treatment.
Salbari, a village in Meghalaya, has been transferred to Assam.
People with disabilities and especially those with visual impairments lose their constitutional rights because the government cannot meet their needs.
I told them that I would focus more on the work of an MLA," he said.
Nongstoiñ, October 29: The KSU Girls Wing WKHD Unit through its President, Iadeimon Khongmalai, has expressed its deep sorrow over the killing of Daritngen Syiem Shangoi, from Siejlieh village. who have no more knowledge of others to take away the life of man.
Since its launch, the ECD Mission has been able to hold block conventions in 10 blocks of the state, to train village leaders and frontline workers. , as well as government officials on the need for early childhood development of children from an early age, and to invite and encourage communities to work on the to conduct the activities of the ECD Mission in the most effective manner.
She was taken to hospital and is undergoing treatment.
Don't doubt that I have received this work only to fulfill it.
Speaking to reporters, Victor said that many of the trees planted by the Council in Arodonga, Lailad and Byrnihat have been destroyed and the forests have been destroyed.
That is why alcohol is more expensive in India than in Bangladesh,” said the statement.
Since June, the NDMA has warned that about 72% of Pakistan is expected to experience heavy rains and floods across parts of the country during
Many of these charges are also valid.
She also represented Meghalaya at the MTB Tawang National CFI Championship held in Tawang, where she won the gold medal.
The service was conducted by Paul Kevin Jonas Sr., Nick's father and pastor himself.
The incident happened at about 6.30 pm while the three youths were coming from Langpih Market and were about to leave for their homes. They arrived at a place known as Lailad Domsen near the Assam police station. They allegedly shot dead the youths until they fled the scene. .
Without amending Clause 2 of the State Reservation Policy by the State Assembly, how can the roster be prepared as both are contradictory to each other.
He strongly condemned the TMC Minister for criticizing the President of the country and questioned the TMC leader's position on the ethnic groups in the state.
Trains in the area have stopped running on the Howrah-Bandel railway line and long distance trains like the Doon Express and Kathgodam Express have been suspended. Hundreds of passengers at the railway station gathered because they were waiting for the trains because they wanted to leave.
These nine candidates were announced by BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh at a meeting of the party held at its office today.
The lockdown has started at 6 pm on the 13th of this month and will end at 6 pm on the 20th of this month.
In support of the 22 potters who completed the training from 17-10-2022 to 03-03-2023 at the Common Facility Center of Lurshai Pottery Cooperative Society, Tyrshang, Shillong with the support of Meghalaya State. The Skill Development Society under the Labor Department of the Government of Meghalaya on 13th March distributed certificates and assistance materials to the potters to encourage them to improve their pottery.
The AITC leader was defeated in Tikrikilla by former MLA and NPP candidate Jimmy D Sangma.
After hearing all the reports.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Board of Education, Tura today released the results of the Secondary School Leaving Certificate Examination,
“Are the MDCs afraid of losing because they have divided the constituencies?” asked Lakiang.
Thus the times passed and her work increased from one year to another.
After the opening of the programme, there were discussions on the following topics: (i) Indian Parliament and Grass Root level Institutions: Potential and Challenges – Stepping stone towards leadership; (ii) Leadership of Local bodies for the tribal welfare in the North Eastern States, and (iii) Natural resources of North Eastern States and role of local and traditional bodies in preservation and conservation.
Their wish was that those who had fled should die in the forest and that the body should be eaten by wild animals.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: U Bah Erwin K Sutnga on Tuesday lodged a complaint against a YouTube channel called Young Move Media for the release of a video titled The Shillong File. : Core Issue Ep.97 which shows the violence of Hindus against Christians and Khasi.
Nongpoh: Expressing their anger over the power outage in Baridua Jorpul village, the women of Baridua Jorpul village, yesterday, went to the office of the Sub Divisional Officer of MeCEL Byrnihat Division. They demanded from the SDO to install a transformer in the village, as the people can no longer live without electricity.
The incident happened in Kongwang village, in a house.
In Group B, Ladthadlaboh will face Rymbai Iawpynsing at 2:30 pm.
The High Court of Bangladesh today ruled that no person is the head of state of the country except the President and the Prime Minister.
He asked whether Mukroh village will fall under Assam.
Sarma was speaking while discussing the Assam Panchayat (Amendment) Bill, 2018, which sets the status of Class VI and that women should have no more than two children. to become members of the panchayat in the State.
Ah! Foolish people do not know that the enemy is hiding for a while and is watching from a distance.
Shillong: The handshake between the major political parties in Delhi has intensified in the Meghalaya elections.
The NPP, PDF, NCP and BJP have not yet nominated their names.
This is also the case in the Khasi constituency.
“I have heard that Congress leaders have alleged during the election campaigns in Mawryngkneng, Jatah, Jaiaw and other places that the ethnic parties are involved with the BJP, but I want to produce evidence that the Congress decided on 25th November 1947 to protect and invite non-Muslims to India.
Noting that KHADC is an example for other states in the North East, Dr Anungla expressed her satisfaction to know that people from all over the country like Ladakh have come to Shillong to When asked, the Director said that DUDA wants to get detailed information on the KHADC as the Central Government intends to give Autonomous District Councils to some parts of the KHADC. of Nagaland.
Shillong, Lber 21: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) on Tuesday celebrated World Oral Health Day at the Bharat Nirman Rajeev Gandhi Sewa Kendra Building, Mawdiangdiang.
Their lonely life away from their children shows clearly that they do not love the blood of the flesh that has been born.
:A surprise visit led by the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Pynïaid Sing Syiem on 15th November, in the presence of Alvin Sawkmie MDC and other senior officers of During the inspection, the KHADC found that there were more than 40 buildings without Trading License or Labor License for workers in Byrnihat alone.
Garod LSN Dykes said he has received letters from many expressing their opposition to the government's decision to resume the trade from Tamabil to Bangladesh.
In the SUV category, Larry Mukhim came second and Ruchir C Marak, son of former Williamnagar MLA Deborah Marak, came third.
The Dorbar Khasi used to consist of the Kur, the Shnong and the Hima; The Dorbar Khasi now represents the Jaitbynriew through the District Council.
However, when it comes to the biscuit farmers, this year is the year that in the early months of biscuit production, the price of biscuits has reached 70 tyngka per kilo but after a month it has dropped to 50 tyngka. the days have dropped to twenty tyngka per kilo.
“The DMF, East Khasi Hills District has been appointed since June, 2018 and according to information received from the Directorate of Mineral Resources, Government, the contribution to the DMF Fund has started from July, 2018 to November, 2021 has a total of T.39,34,84,229/- crore.
The income from this source will be about 800 rupees per day, according to the sources.
The village leaders and civil society groups demanded that the government should not rush to open trade between India and Bangladesh and the government should ensure that it can prevent and protect the traders and residents from the spread of the disease. The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills, Ma Garod LSN Dykes said that all those who attended the meeting expressed that there should be no rush to open the market. Tamabil Dawki LCS and said he will send a report to the government.
“At present, many of the youth of the state are in need of jobs and even the government cannot provide government jobs to everyone, so the government has sought them. There are ways for young people to think about their own work.
JOWAI: The Seiñraij Pamrapaithlu has announced that it will hold its Chad Sukra on the 14th June
Praising the decision of the Cabinet to set up Border Outposts (BOPs) in the areas where there are border disputes, Bah Dkhar said, “I am very pleased with the Government which has decided to set up 7 Border Outposts and to upgrade Border Out Posts to Police Stations.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that a decision to continue or lift the curfew will be taken based on the report of the Deputy Commissioners.
Therefore, we are sorry to lose more than Rs 600 crore for the improvement of these two roads. The meeting was attended by the Chiefs of these 16 villages as well as the land owners.
He also complained to the Office of the Syiem of Nongstoiñ that the market of Nongstoiñ is not closed at all, which is why there are many robbers inside it.
Without the construction of highways, it will cause problems.
He said that the Territorial Division should have its own premises.
Earlier, the price of synsar was T.85 per kilo but now it has increased to T.90 per kilo.
Shillong, Nailur 26: Five more bodies have been recovered from North Garo Hills today, bringing the death toll to
This is extremely dangerous.
The blame on Supply over PDS has been terrible.
Sadhu, IAS, Secretary, Community and Rural Development, Forests and Environment Departments, was also appointed by Kurbah.
Shillong, March 15: Pastor JF Jyrwa has recently published a book entitled “Brief History of the North East India Christian Council”.
“PA Sangma is loved by everyone, his fellow politicians and those who fight against him as well,” he said.
Heena Mallick also won the country's first gold medal in the women's 400m event in 53.31 seconds.
A.K.Nongkynrih,NEHU, CampusThis short article is only for the purpose of expressing ideas and showing the way forward.
The UDP has 11 MLAs in the 59-member Assembly and currently has only two Ministers in the NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance-2 coalition government. They include Bah Paul Lyngdoh from West Shillong and Bah Kyrmen Shylla from Khliehriat.
Regarding this incident, the KSU Huroi Unit and its members strongly condemned the violence and brutality of these soldiers from time to time.
The residents of Mawmluh were eager to take part and listen to benefit.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The Minister of Border Area Development, Rakkam A. Sangma on Tuesday urged the State Government to The government has accepted the proposal to connect Baghmara village in South Garo Hills with Guwahati, Assam by rail.
He passed away on 28th November 2020 at 10:52 pm.
The point worth mentioning is that the Khasi elders, young men and women who were born, raised and followed the Khasi customs know as well as their own traditional customs. inheritance in your society.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: RSS leader Mohan Bhagwat on Tuesday slammed Mother Teresa, who treated the mentally ill, saying that her kindness is only for the benefit of the people. trick to convert people to Christianity.
In connection with public affairs, the words NGI KHOT SNGEWBHA or WELCOME in English are also written on the Khilon or Putar.
He said that Namphyrnai Lyngdoh Peinlang, 21, of Peinlang village, was arrested from Mairang and brought to Shillong for further investigation.
In 2015, Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced a target of installing 175 GW of renewable electricity by
“There are many projects here that we don't know, whether they come here for treatment, they have come here to work because there are many projects that are being built in New Shillong, but New Shillong has not yet arrived. “It's not like we're going to talk about anything else,” said Bah Thomas.
Five candidates will contest from Jowai Central and these include Teiborlang Hinge, one of the prominent youth leaders of Jowai, MPUF Sengbhalang leader Dapoiwanmi Laloo, UDP leader Kitbok Nongtdu, who was defeated by a landslide in 2014, will contest against sitting Congress MDC Awhoi Andrew Shullai. CEM of JHADC for the term 2014-1
The Congress leader in a tweet said that he has been infected with Coronavirus and has symptoms. of disease.
The KSU Sonapyrdi Unit has announced that the Lukha River has turned blue and that only 10 days after the KSU Sonapyrdi Unit issued a statement, the Lukha River has resumed its blue colour. river, but suddenly this river turned over and all the fish were killed.
Speaking at the lympung, u Bah Lakky Rymbai, expressed his satisfaction to see the festivities of Shad Sukra which is held before the children of thousands go to the lyngka, bri, hali to He gave his best wishes to the children of the Seiñ Raij Shnong Tuber for their success in agriculture, for their healthy bodies, for their growth. At the same time, he expressed his happiness to see that the customs and traditions handed down by our ancestors are still alive. until today, now that the children of thousands are still following and preserving the customs and traditions of the ancients.
Thombor Shiwat, Chief Executive Member of JHADC, along with a group of his MDCs, were also present to witness the ceremony.
Many of those interviewed by SP News Agency did not want to be named.
After receiving a tip that there were two Bolero pick-ups carrying shini parked about 1 kilometer away from the Hangaria Bridge, the BSF conducted a patrol and found these two vehicles. They have the numbers ML-04D-2343 and ML-04D-6
Daniella Mylliemngap, a resident of Upper Lum Paring Lumdorbar, who is studying in Class 10 at Raid Laban Secondary School, won the gold medal in the low kick in the weight category -56kg senior women.
What I find in this article of this priest is that he has put the religion in a low position (even though he himself is a priest) and has emphasized many things like the politician and the democracy; Does this priest have anything to do with LGBT people, as has happened to other priests in other countries? As mentioned, this priest wants to promote himself in pop culture, but he doesn't think that by promoting the religion he is hurting the Christian faith itself which has already been hurt for many years. these, such as the cleansing of the various Bibles and so on.
Damonmi Dkhar, who contested from the UDP, received 693 votes while NPP MDC Thombor Shiwat won again and defeated Damon with 2,841 votes.
To serve with understanding and love.
Prominent political parties in Garo Hills on Tuesday raised various issues regarding the recent appointment of the MLHP and demanded punishment for those involved in the appointment. They also urged the Government to suspend the recruitment for the vacancies.
"Bahnah replied, "Bahnah, we're so quick, quick and talk quickly and don't..." Deisy said. "He he! “Yes, Father, I'm quick... I don't know how to eat quickly...” said Bahnah. So they left... Bahnah went and sat alone in the living room.
Because the fullness of the Gentiles is coming in and the salvation of Israel is near, salvation is nothing.
“But if you don't cover it, you'll lose all the flesh.
Youths living in East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills districts have to report to the District Training Centre, Jowai.
The RBW&TCS also thanked the Tourism Department of the State for its financial support to organize this tournament.
The great God, the God of miracles and wonders, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, the God of Jacob, the God of eternity, softened Pharaoh's heart until Pharaoh said, "Pray for me too. .
The Hima includes the slopeland, table land, steepland and lowland.
"While Gogoi is still prime minister, I have already decided that I will not be a minister under him," Sharma said.
“As a state, we are blessed, we are one of the few states that receives more water than we need, what we need now is how to protect the water sources, because in at the end of the day it's how we use it," he added.
These two brothers were buried near the cemetery of the Presbyterian Church Mawiong-Rim.
Shillong, Lber 20: The House today approved the summons of the CEO of Tura Municipality, Zenithsky J Sangma, according to the findings of the Privilege Committee filed by South Tura MLA John Leslee K Sangma last year. .
However, he said that the leaders of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council are also members of the Regional Committee of Assam and there are procedures in which both the authorities share the trust of each other. The decision of the Government of Assam must also be accepted by consensus, and whatever the decision of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council takes must be reported to the Government of Assam.
Those who disobey will suffer in a way that only they will understand the meaning of this forest.
The Disaster Management Authority (DMA) has issued a warning to the public to take precautionary measures during the strong winds and rain.
We will move forward only after we have finished talking to the people,” he said.
They will use it by spraying the leaves of the trees.
MeECL to implement the 210 MW Myntdu Leshka Hydro Power Project-State II on the Myntdu River. .
However, if the goal is to get this head of state in the state by the Khasi elders, perhaps there are only a few things that should not be asked.
Firsterwell Phawa said that the bridge connects many villages like Barato, Maitdeing, Mukroh, Saba, Thangrain and others. Laskein Block, those who go to work and especially those who are sick to get medicine.
It’s really hard to gain confidence after years of disappointments.
The opposition says this is not a law to protect cows or to honor cows, but to insult Muslims and Aminul Islam, of the All India United Democratic Front ( AIUDF), said that his party will oppose this bill.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the NPP Youth Leader said that the reason why he is still a member of the NPP and his resignation from the post of leader is because he wants to turn his attention to the rural areas. to prepare for the 2018 MLA elections.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang, Bah R Kharbihkhiew ADC, Dr M Mawrie State Tuberculosis Officer, Dr E Kalwing District Tuberculosis Officer, Dr MN Marak M&HO Governor House and Dr MN Marak. other officers from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
We need the Word of God in our hearts.
In another match, Ladthadlaboh Sports Club, which came second in the Super Division of the West Jaintia District Sports Association, beat Sein Pynbhalang Sports Club, which came second in the Super Division. of the First Division of the tournament organized by the Laskeiñ Block Sports Association.
Later, the Chief Minister said that the Act needs to be strengthened in the working methods.
In his speech, the Minister said that the Maweit area has been neglected for a long time and he is pleased that the government has been able to fulfill a long standing dream. good of the people of Maweit.
He said that when there is any legislation in the country, there will be those who benefit and those who lose, but these three new laws will harm the farmers who support the food and drink from for the people of the country as a whole.
The 67-year-old Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan, has been accused of turning the Raj Bhavan into a young ladies club with about 80 employees. The Raj Bhavan has also admitted that it has witnesses to appear, after sending a letter of complaint to President Pranab Mukherjee and Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Meghwal also entertained the participants by singing a song about Har Ghar Tiranga.
He said that although the party is a big party, small parties like the PDF will win seven seats in the upcoming elections.
Nongstoiñ, March 7: The Office Commanding the Home Guards Training Centre, Nongstoin today announced that the office will conduct a 40 day Home Guards Volunteer Training for the youth of West Khasi Hills District.
“You don't have to know him personally, but the hope is that you should know the issues that Meghalaya is facing.
“If they don't listen to our request, it is better that we create our own way to implement it with the money of the state government as much as possible,” said Bah Ronnie.
Shillong: U Samla Menangmankhraw Kharkongor of St. Anthony's, who won the Top Position along with Gaurav Bharali of St. Edmunds in the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC), has said that he has refrained from social media. and judgment is the key to victory.
The party's opposition to the railway line is on the grounds that the state does not yet have adequate and strong laws to protect the tribes.
Speaking at a meeting at the Additional Secretariat, Ardent said, “There has been an attempt to dissolve the VPP, there has been an attempt to buy two MLAs, we will “It's a good idea to look at how strong they are, even if they don't have a truck,” said Ardent.
At the same time, the Association urges the passengers to use commercial vehicles, local taxis so that it will not cause losses to the drivers of commercial vehicles as well as to the owners of vehicles.
The increase was also in Florida and 36 other states, with 9,585 cases on Saturday and 8,500 cases on Sunday.
The award winners were Bah K.Kharkongor, Principal, Laban Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Bah Syrian Nongkseh, Assistant Teacher, Pyndengrei. Teacher, Albin Lamare Memorial Secondary School, Nangbah, kong Melinto Rynghang, Assistant Teacher Ri-Bhoi Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Nongpoh, Smti Gamchi Timre R.Marak, Headmistress, Educere Secondary School, Williamnagar, Mr.Lenin R.Marak, Headmaster Burny Hill Secondary School and Mr.Hamidul Rahaman, Science Teacher, Ashugre Secondary School.
The six persons include Fr.Mathew Das, Parish Priest of Barama Parish;
However, it has been observed that as the years go by, the color of the environment has increased and there are places where in the areas that used to be covered with valleys, only tyrkhong stones and rben areas have appeared. In the past, factories or hills have emerged and destroyed just for the sake of profit, greed and lack of thought even for the future of their children.
Replying to a question whether the HPC has decided whether to take any action against the contractor for the construction of the new building, the Lamphang said that it is too early. “The investigation has been completed and no action can be taken against the cause of the incident,” said Lamphang.
The polio vaccination campaign started on the 4th and will cover the entire district and will continue until the 6th October 2024, through household visits on the 5th and 6th of this month.
I have purposed, and I will do it, Isaiah 46:8-1
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss how to stop the smuggling of coal in the area especially those who used to smuggle coal. Walk lightly to all the coal mines of the villagers of Shallang area.
Pangniang said that Ardent does not like the party to work with the NPP-led MDA government because of the presence of the BJP. Basaiawmoit has sent his resignation letter to the Vice President of the HSPDP, Bah KP Pangniang and said that the reason for his resignation is to take responsibility as a leader for the defeat of the HSPDP in He himself lost and four MLAs also lost.
Some of them have lost their petrol and are very sad.
Shillong, July: As part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya and the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence, Bah Kitbor W Nongrum, a prominent writer of Meghalaya and He has also received the Meghalaya State Award and the Meghalaya Literacy Award. 'The Government of Meghalaya,' 'The State of Meghalaya' and 'Our Country (India & Meghalaya) (New Edition 2022).
Parents also allow their children to speak foreign languages, because they are proud that their children are well versed in speaking foreign languages ​​even at home.
They said that this is the reason why the forest owners don't care about the environment anymore because if they sell the forests, the money is a lot.
The Governor made this announcement in accordance with Section 6 and Section 20 of the Prevention and Control of Infectious Diseases in Animals Act,
Milk is one of the most important drinks, especially for children because it is accepted to be important for strength and growth.
Remember as land owners we should think about the future of our children because if we think only about the present where will the future go?
He said that the Dorbar Hima and Dorbar Shnong should be strong to fight against violence against women. If the Dorbar Hima and Dorbar Shnong are strong, this will not happen.
The District Magistrate has issued an order under Section 144 CrPC after finding the widespread spread of plastic waste, plastic bags at tourist attractions and other places, which has caused the closure of streets with plastic waste. which poses a serious threat to the environment and human health.
“I have just taken over the scheme, but I don't know exactly why the Society has stopped running the scheme. “It's not given to them to manage,” said Kong Lynrah.
Russia has accused Ukraine of shooting down Vladimir Putin with a drone.
The District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills District on Friday declared a containment zone in three places in Jowai following the outbreak of COVID-1
Ri Bhoi Police have informed all police stations outside the state, in collaboration with Raniganj Police Post, Kharilari Police Station, Darjeeling. The child was recovered from the India-Nepal border area.
“When I receive the report of the investigation, I will be able to say something,” said Dr. Bishnoi.
When the Jews rejected Jesus as their Messiah, Jesus turned to the Gentiles.
Prestone Tynsong said that a special train from Telengana carrying 231 youths will arrive at Guwahati railway station this evening and a train from Haryana will arrive at Guwahati railway station on 24th July which includes 139 youths of the state.
Shillong: Two persons have been arrested by the Assam Police for attempting to steal a vehicle bearing no.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Deputy Commissioner of the District, Swapnil Tembe as the chief guest along with officers of various departments.
He said that these people who will come to work in the state, will have to provide proper documents in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. They don't have people who don't come from outside the state.
“The GST is a memorable tool in the history of orderly revenue collection in the country,” he said.
Speaking as the chief guest at the opening ceremony, Pa'iem Freeman Syiem said that he is pleased to see that it is only the Sohra area that has never had a football tournament. When he was a child, he used to play in this field in the 4ft 6 inch or 4ft 8 inch tournament.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday conducted a surprise inspection of the Mamai Market. the records of many foreigners’ shops which appeared as titles.
Hon'ble Governor of Meghalaya, Shri Satya Pal Malik delivered the keynote address.
Shillong, November 02: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) today reported that the Khasi subject of Class IX has been stolen again.
Shillong, Nailur 23 : The second amendment to the KHAD Administration of Elaka (Second Amendment) Bill aims to strengthen the villages so that they can work to curb foreigners living on the border. said the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The GNLA is in a state of shock over how to exchange its 500 and 1000 notes.
“For me personally, it is not urgent to call a meeting to discuss this issue,” he said.
The KSU has also launched a campaign in collaboration with the leaders of the All Manipur Students Union (AMSU).
Nongrum is one of the best players in the SSA Women's League from Laitkor Sports Club.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Poland Sohphoh, Rangbah Kur Sohphoh, said that the family is now ready to hold a prayer for the family. who were of the tribe of Sohphoh.
Shillong, July 12: The Garo National Council (GNC) MLA Clifford R Marak on Tuesday said that the GNLA militants hiding in the forests in Garo Hills are killing wildlife to feed themselves.
There are 15 or 20 days left in the month.
The performers of this song include Cleverson Kharduit, Nobel Kharumnuid, Badei Kharmalki, John B Warshong, Ebarson K.
These farmers, while harvesting their rice, have been robbed by the bangle robbers who came in groups to loot everything on their way.
“This is an example for other political parties,” said Dhar. “Some people have accused the NPP of being a Garo party but what matters to you is the party that was created In Meghalaya or outside Meghalaya?” In the belief that the victory of the NPP led by the MDA government is a non-partisan party, the Symbud Myntri said that in the past three and a half years In the past year, there have been many achievements in the roads, water, electricity and health sectors.
Scientists from IIT Gandhinagar and Jawaharlal Nehru University's School of Environmental Science said they had found samples of the disease in the water from the Kankria and Chandola ponds.
The petrol station is located in Beltola, Assam.
It is worth mentioning that the division of power into two parts is the Hima and the Management Board and such actions affect and it is the trick of the mynder in how to weaken the power in the country. Khasi.
The office was inaugurated by the General Secretary of the party Bishar Samayang in the presence of Rick Samayang President Laher Unit and General Secretary Chandametre Sungoh along with members of the party.
They also confessed to the Dorbar Shnong Mynthlu that they were involved in the murder of (L) Sonarious Chyrmang. Preting Paslein, Secretary VDP Village Hammoi Bor Langwar, President VDP Village Kansha Salahe and members of the village committee. the presence of some of the residents of the village.
A journalist was also killed on the day of the clashes.
“The BJP needs to divide the country while the Congress stands to unite the country,” he said.
Then he who walks on the road, he who drives a car on the road, he who walks on two or three heads, he who does so.
On the opening day of the match, Larnai played against Mynsngat.
West Jaintia Hills won 17 medals including 8 gold, 4 silver and 5 bronze medals.
It is learned that these people have not only deceived the Shillong resident, but many others.
“The unity of the MDA government and the unity of the four parties UDP, NPP, HSPDP and PDF is the unity of the nation because with one voice we are fighting the MP election against the rival parties,” he said. Prof GB Swell who became an MP from the National Party and has contributed a lot to the state by naming the North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) said Prof.
After finding the trucks near Nongalbibra, these policemen found many byrni covered with shini and took pictures of them.
What is EIA? A little about it as an introduction.
Taking part in a seminar on social, political and economic issues organized by St Anthony College today, Bah Paul, who came to speak as a panelist, said that The decline in the rule of law in the state is due to the election of uneducated leaders.
Berlusconi, 85, recently married Marta Fascina, 32, who is also an MP from Berlusconi's Forza Italia party. The birthday was at Villa Gernetto, in Lesmo, north of Milan.
However, this time, the residents have expressed their happiness, after the government through the MLA of the area, Bah Gigur Myrthong, has allocated more than Rs 22 crore, for the construction of the road. kilometer from Umdang to Nongjaïaw, which has been running smoothly so far.
Your struggle has been a source of inspiration for the Meghalaya Police.
In India as a whole, pai is mostly used for making gur.
Don't worry if someone understands what I'm saying.
On the other hand, all the parties have agreed to join hands with the government to bring peace and order in the state. sign in the whole state.
In the midst of this fierce fight, Kumar managed to win.
“This drug should be mixed with water and sprayed with this drug, so that it will help the plant and does not affect the health,” he said.
The program was enriched by various songs and dances by the students.
Wellbokstar Iawphniaw scored the first goal of the match in the 30th minute and Overshap Iawphniaw scored the second goal from the penalty spot in the 40th minute.
On my part as a citizen of Bri U Hynniewtrep, I believe that the demand (KHASI JAINTIA STATE) should be demanded and not just in the media. ). also that when we get our own state we should do something for these people who live there.
Pyniaid S Syiem, MDC Mawryngkneng said that from now on it is up to all MDCs, officers and journalists to turn off or put somewhere else their mobile phones during the holidays. Dorbar so that the discussions that are going on in the Dorbar will not come out while the discussion is going on.
For the age of children, players must be born from 01-06-2012 and must not exceed 30-06-2
“Many of the vendors don't even have ration cards and this makes it very difficult for them to provide food at home,” said Sheen Thabah.
Modi will meet leaders of various political parties on June 8 and 9 in Guwahati as well as BJP leaders to prepare for the Lok Sabha elections.
The people have asked whether it is because of the involvement of politicians in the management of these thew places.
“Renu admitted that her husband works at the SP office and took a picture of Barikynti to post on Whatsapp with the help of her husband. .
She said that what she found was dangerous for the consumers because of the dirty shops.
Rao also recalled that Telangana is a state with the largest population of scheduled castes, scheduled tribes and other minorities which has reached 85 per cent in Telangana. Rao belongs to the Velama caste, the most prominent caste in Telangana.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Cornelius, Bah Peter, Bah Shemphang, Bah Wanlankupar Lynrah, Secretary Mawsiatkhnam Village and others, who congratulated the MLA for taking care of the grounds for the children. they will get to play.
In the 1900s, the Dkhars demanded the tyrkhong sohmynken and the niangryndia skum.
He said that before he took the decision to contest the Lok Sabha elections, he remembered a saying, “The time comes when we have to choose only one thing. it is to choose the path to stand up or the path to stand up,” said Robert.
Expressing his government's determination to resolve the border disputes with Assam, Conrad said, “We want to work as soon as possible to resolve the border dispute because this is the only way to ensure that such incidents will not happen in the future but because of this tragedy, everything has changed".
In the budget, Conrad estimates that the revenue for the next fiscal year will be T.16,199 crore, while the actual revenue will be T.14,438 crore and other revenues will be T.14,438 crore. T.1,761 crore and from all the various revenues, the total receipts will be T.14,463 crore.
“I don't know what happened in the family of Bah Ardent until he wanted to pass a law to give jait to men. before others knew to empower women".
The Act will also pave the way for the establishment of State Election Commissions for the purpose of holding elections to the Autonomous Councils in Meghalaya.
Mukul said the decision of the State Legislative Assembly in 2015 was to withdraw the Indian government from implementing the Coal Mines (Nationalization) Act 1973 and the MMDR Act
He said that the construction, which is planned to be carried out at Kyrshai, will severely affect 25 villages, which will also have to be relocated and this will destroy the villages, farmland and He said that the residents do not accept the proposal of the Brahmaputra Board, as the flooding will destroy the beauty of the area.
In the past few days, I have seen in the newspapers that KHNAM is still opposed to the announcement of NEIGRIMS, where out of 264 posts, only 17 posts have been allocated to ST. Khasi youth to get jobs in this hospital.
Dameshuwa Byrloi scored two goals in the 23', 59' and Benison Suchiang in the 19th minute.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) under the leadership of Samla Forward Man Nongrem, today submitted a petition to the Symbud of Bah Prestone Tynsong. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, in charge of the Electricity Department, to demand that the department should pay the compensation to the three-year-old child of Kong Katbina Iawphniaw and Bah Synsharlang Syiemlieh from Mawkohphet, South. West Khasi Hills District woman has lost both her hands due to electricity shortage at her village in Mawkohphet and is undergoing treatment at NEIGHRIMS. The irresponsibility of the authorities in that although the transformer is near the school, it has not been built to prevent any tragic incidents and to prevent the children from playing at the school. Your bag is not yours, said Samla Forwardman Nongrem.
Taking into account the challenges faced by the residents in the State, the State Government has started implementing programs to encourage self-employment and to provide training to develop their skills. They face many difficulties in the state due to the location, rural areas, lack of training and especially the lack of training guidance.
However, after a thorough examination of the records received from the JHADC, it was found that Rymbai had tried to mislead the journalists.
Lecturer without written test. 60 doctors without personal interview.
Therefore, we need to pray earnestly that God will deliver the world from this Corona Virus so that the worship of God will be free once again as usual.
He said that a team of 48 persons, led by the Deputy Commissioners (DC) of East Khasi Hills, has visited those under quarantine and urged the public to inform them. Government authorities if you have any symptoms of COVID-1
On the other hand, the KSU said that it does not accept the teaching of a person who himself is preparing for the IAS to teach the youth to sit for the same examination.
“So far, the testing is continuing but the number of new cases has decreased to 0.002 percent or about 0.005 percent.
They are Khasi, Pnar, Bhoi and War.
After completion of the investigation, the chargesheet was filed on November 29, 2016.
“This road was received in 1971 but until now the State Government has not turned its attention to the deterioration and deterioration of this road which has caused a lot of trouble to the people living in Acting Sordar of Majai Village, Sohra Hima, Bah Star Marbaniang.
The reason is because the 'destructive abomination' stands in the Temple in Jerusalem.
Regarding the complaint filed by Kong Anita against the hospital, it is learned that the police came to inquire on 9th June, and the documents related to the complaint were handed over to the police at to 13th January 2019.
? Lumspah and Daiahun also went to the place where Kong Dapmiar was.
He suggested that the government should do something to revive the implementation of the health system in the state for the poor.
These little children are rynjaw rynjaw and when the disease comes, they suffer greatly.
He added that the state has separated from Assam after it imposed the Assamese language on the people of the region.
Everyone knows and remembers how Home Minister Amit Shah personally came to advise Chief Minister Conrad Sangma on the border issue and within 10 months he signed the soskular with Assam. .
It is also true that India is a country with many languages, beliefs, religions, and others.
On the last day, besides the dancers, dignitaries including North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum, MDC Mawlai Constituency Teiborlang, also attended the ceremony. Pathaw, Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, General Secretary Seng Khasi Kmie, members of the JPK Seng Khasi Kmie, together with the people from near and far to fill the tournament. other.
How can we prevent the entry of foreigners when the government department does not have order and responsibility,” said Saleng.
Those 10 students who pass well in the first round will receive a scholarship of T 50,000 (fifty thousand) tyngka. The 3rd 20 students will receive a scholarship of T 15,000 (one hundred thousand).
They are low in calories and carbohydrates but rich in fibre, nutrients and antioxidants which cannot be the cause of high blood sugar.
They take it seriously because they understand that it is their deity to preserve what has been preserved and taught by the ancients.
Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, Minister of Hima Maharam and Secretary of the HYC, said that the Hima Maharam Syiemship is still in dispute.
On receiving information about the incident, the Assam and Meghalaya Police tried to rescue the victims, but as it was a poorly accessible area, the house collapsed. and the households shall be destroyed and turned into fire.
This is about 59% of the total internet users as of April
The Basin Development Unit, South West Khasi Hills District, came to explain on this issue on 23rd July 2017 (Tuesday).
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pynshngaiñ Syiem said that he received this garbage truck from the houses of the residents of Lumshyiap village after the village leaders asked him for help. an old car can no longer work after being about 11 years old or so.
Samehi Laloo, Treasurer Rt.
The incident happened at 10 pm this morning, when the handyman and the driver of a Mahindra Pick- up, they were about to throw earth from the place, but suddenly, the earth suddenly collapsed and buried the young man, which caused him to die hashen, but the driver who was Justin Lyngdoh, identified as Justin Lyngdoh, escaped with minor injuries.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has ordered the Draft Photo Election Roll of the 7-Amlarem Assembly Constituency to be submitted to the Election Commission of India. Sub-Division on 01-01-2
Later, the MLA also visited the Sub Center at Mawlat in the presence of the Sordar Shnong and Dr Syiem.
The event was also enriched by the participation of PHE, Forest and Environment, Agriculture and District Medical and Health Officers to showcase their tableaus.
Let me give you an example here.
In 2017, the Government of Meghalaya had implemented the electricity distribution scheme in Sabuda village but the Government of Assam had strongly opposed the electricity distribution scheme of the Government of Meghalaya in this village. Since then, the project to supply electricity to Sabuda village has been suspended as the Assam Government has not taken over the ownership of this village.
“If the land in Kalibari is taken away, you should understand that you are the ones who should get the land,” said the KSU leader. Nongpoh, Jymmang 28: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong today laid the foundation stone for the cleaning of the 1km village road in preparation for the celebration. The 50th Golden Jubilee of the Pastorate in 2025 will be celebrated with a budget of Rs 90.61 lakh.
Two vehicles, a Mahindra Max and a Datsun Go with registration no ML 05, were damaged in the incident. T 7892 which is suspected to be the vehicle of the Rangbah Shnong of Wahlyngkhat and it is suspected that two occupants of the vehicle Dastun were injured in the collision.
“Our relationship with the high paid is like a rabbit sitting with a donkey, as soon as the donkey shakes its beak, the rabbit dies,” said Bah Shylla.
Keep him in that position while waiting for treatment.
“We don't want to be a Make-Shift but to bring in a Center that will not be complete.
As we can see now, the government does not want to take responsibility for all these and wants to avoid spending itself.
The gold medal winners were Blaseibok Kharbuli, Rishot Skhem Marboh, Senior Male Under-23 (57kg), Pynkhrawbor Shylla, Senior Male Under-23 (57kg). 45kg), Edilberth Ryndongsngi, Senior male /Elite class (86kg), Alfred Wat Klet Riahtam Senior male /elite class (45kg), Jessica Thabah, Senior female under-23 (63kg), Monica Nongrum senior Female/elite class (67kg) , Abilities Diengdoh Senior Female/Elite Class (60kg) with 6 Silver and 11 Bronze medalists.
He said that the JHADC has the JHAD Regulation, 1968 which was last amended in 1985 (Third Amendment).
Many of the Khasi newspapers that have been published from time to time are U Mawphor, U Nongsaiñ Hima, U Rupang, Ka Kynjat Shai and others.
In the midst of the turmoil and violence against the Dkhars in the state especially in Shillong, another militant group, the Hynniewtrep National Front (HNF) led by Bah HS Shylla, has emerged. The political party later, but could not continue for reasons that are difficult to explain.
After the MLA elections, the voice of the VPP has spread to the remote areas of the state after Bah Ardent himself visited many villages across the districts of Khasi and Jaintia Hills to seek the support of the people. The party has announced the name of Dr. Ricky J. Syngkon as the candidate for the Lok Sabha elections in
“We will give a proper answer to the Government of India, be ready for the days to come,” the statement said.
Nongstoiñ: The Hima Nongstoiñ Land Owners Association (HNLOCT&PA) has announced that it has postponed the meeting scheduled to honor the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, the Deputy Chief Minister and the elders. on the victory of the Supreme Court in the coal mining case.
Timing Lyngdoh of Diengshynrum SC won the Emerging Player Award in the Under-16 category. 1 or the Hungarian SC.
Therefore, the HITO said that as responsible citizens, they should join hands with the organization in opposing the purchase and use of TOPCEM dewbilat throughout the Bri U Hynniewtrep.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) will hold street meetings across the city as part of its efforts to raise awareness among the people on the consequences of passing the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB). also in other places in Bri U Hynniewtrep.
“I will remain in the AITC and I have no intention of joining other parties,” he concluded.
By Bah Philip Marwein Last year in November, more than 7 lakh Rohingya Muslims living in Rakhine state (Burma) were massacred by Burmese troops or Myanmar and fled to hide. in Bangladesh and about 40 to 50 thousand have also arrived as refugees in India.
According to the signs, the man was killed and had a tyllai in his neck.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said, “This amount has been increased to Rs 1800 crore so that the government can use it before the Budget Session”.
These are the reasons why we are facing water shortage in Tura,” he added.
Through this statement, the union urges the Transport Department to find ways and means to enable these youths to earn money again through motorcycles according to the rules and regulations of the department.
“I have just learned that the posts assigned to me as Minister are Health, Agriculture, IPR and Legal Department,” said Dr Lyngdoh.
However, even on the market day, the union found that the people were waiting to come to the office, but until 2 pm the office was still closed and there was not a single employee.
On the other hand, SBYWA has tried as much as possible to provide assistance to the families in the border area to escape the food shortage.
Longda Bamon, Community Director, welcomed the guests.
“The number of beds at MCH hospital has also increased and now there are 50 beds besides the appointment of doctors, nurses and assistants at the Corona Care Centres,” said Dr Ajar.
However, the most exciting news came from the women's basketball team, who managed to reach the final of the tournament after beating Nagaland 60-4 in the semifinals.
He also alleged that the political parties will only talk about issues when the elections are near because they intend to contest the elections.
A Blei Kynrad, the fathers and mothers accused Bah and Deng of being stupid, while the thiars were full, the goats, the cows, the pigs, the cows were full, the jhur in the fields. They provide for all four seasons, money as much as they can, the brothers provide for themselves, they wear jot clothes and mohkhiew together with their father to fill the household besides being accused of not having a head.
According to police, this morning, police of these states conducted a search operation after receiving a tip on the attempted kidnapping of a trader by gangs. Lokman Hussain, 32, of Paharsingpara, Goalpara.
Six years later, Syiem Tirot Singh fought against the troops of the British East India Company at Nongkhlaw.
The MDA has 39 MLAs including NPP (20), United Democratic Party (8), People's Democratic Front (4), BJP (2), Hill State People's Democratic Party (2), Nationalist Congress Party (1). ) and 3 independent MLAs.
I believe that the publication is their condolences for the involvement of the family in all these things.
“We have ordered that the construction of the Assembly should be expedited and completed before the end of this year,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Building) Prestone Tynsong.
Meghalaya qualified after Mizoram beat Tripura by the same score.
In the US presidential election, Democratic candidate Joe Biden won 224 seats, while Republican candidate Donald Trump won 213 seats.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 29: The Meghalaya State League 2023 tournament of the Artificial Turf Stadium, MDSA, South West Khasi Hills District today reached the final round. – 4 and Lumdiengngan Sports Club played against Riangdo Youth SS&CA. In the second half, the match between the two teams was very interesting in which the players of Lumdiengngan SC and The Riangdo Youth SS&CA have fought with the goal of leading their team to victory.
These people, including men and women, have been seen parking their vehicles inside the parking lot on the side of the road to go to Mawlong Market to deposit their goods including the jhur ki jhep and others that cannot be seen or seen.
The NGOCC will hold a protest on 21st June against the central government's signboard on the India-Myanmar border and the abolition of the Free Movement Regime.
He is a hard working writer who doesn't want to sleep, as I used to say, “There is no Satan who works than an angel who sleeps”, said Bah Bindo.
If we don't get the land, we will build a four lane road on the Shillong Eastern Bypass which will lead to Mawdiangdiang to connect back to Shillong,” said Prestone.
It cannot be denied that in this match, the players of the State tried to play strongly from the start and had many chances, but could not succeed.
For the safety of the passengers, Rupang.com advises that those who leave Mawlong Market through Umshyrpi Bridge, can return easily, but those who go down to Iew Market, through Rilbong Point, should Please wait a while, so that they don't have to sit in the middle of the road, especially since the weather is very hot this morning.
At the start of the game, Lajong played well and, in the 17th minute, took the lead and until the end of the first half after Brazil forward Douglas Tardin scored. get to score the team’s first goal.
Speaking on the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of Rangjadong Presbyterian Upper Primary School, Rangjadong, Babu Staising Kharbteng said that the journey has been long and in these 40 years they have faced many challenges but in the midst of all of them. the administrators and teachers have worked hard to sacrifice physically and mentally for the betterment of the students.
“If we take action, it would be better for the NIA to take over the investigation,” he said.
Until 1949, the Khasi Hima under the umbrella of the Federation of Khasi States, struggled to bring the Khasi Hills under one system of government, despite the differences of opinion among organizations such as the Federation of Khasi States. States and the Khasi-Jaintia Federated State National Conference.
The SP of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Sylverstar Nongtnger, said that Bah Sohlang was arrested by the police from Nongstoin this evening.
This program launched by the Modi Government has brought about a change in India's agriculture sector.
This is confirmed even in the Bible and other scriptures, look at Solomon the wisest king in the world but his forgetfulness that it is God who gave him wisdom steals he loses his good life and dies in misery.
After being diagnosed with Coronavirus, what do I find inside the house?* Asymptomatic or those who carry Covid without any symptoms.
Nongstoiñ, July 10: Tens of thousands of people today climbed the Mawphanlur Hill to witness the inauguration of the Mawphanlur Water Conclave and the foundation stone of the road by the Chief Minister. from Markasa to Mawphanlur and after the programme, the people who wanted to return home had to wait and stand in the cold in the rain for hours due to the heavy traffic jam. to the street.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 63014 out of which 56510 have recovered and 1048 have died.
The meeting was opened by the Secretary of Rangthylliang Eco-Tourism Cooperative Society, Bah Paul Micky Marbaniang.
Speaking to media, he said that the Hima has already decided that those villages which do not have Khasi anymore will be included in the district into one circle so that the Khasi will be appointed. the circle Rangbah Shnong to govern such villages.
He said that the tourists also want to buy gifts or souvenirs of their visit to any place, so he urged the trainees to they shall make food that the travelers of the world may take home.
Leaders of the Ri-Bhoi Dorbar including RR Makdoh President, RB Shadap General Secretary, Field Marshal Mawphniang MDC, Donlang Sohkhlet, former MDc Favian Lyngdoh, former CEM and other leaders left for Ri-Bhoi Dorbar. to meet with the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma to confirm his arrival.
The Governor of Meghalaya has directed the first session of the KHADC to meet at 11 am on the 6th October 2019, for the swearing in of the new members of the KHADC. The Governor has also fixed the date for the election of the Speaker of the KHADC on the 8th October 2019 at 11 am. which shall appoint new members in accordance with Rule 24 of the Constitution of District Councils Rules, 1951 and shall also conduct the election of the Speaker of the KHADC. The NPP will head the EC in the Jaintia District Council while the UDP will head the EC in the Khasi District Council.
In 2012, Indians' deposits in Swiss banks fell by one-third to 1.95 billion Swiss francs, including private deposits. and 77.3 million Swiss francs, held by the middle class of the wealthy, according to the 2013 figures.
They are rich in protein and berries are also rich in antioxidants which help in good blood flow.
The purpose of the Academy is to provide training not only to the students of the school, but the Academy welcomes all the students from all over the country especially from the community and the area especially those who have special talents in the field of education. football so that they can improve in their sports career and also to become sports stars and to be able to appear abroad from the community and the region even to the National Level.
This order will include the directive issued by the Chief Executive Officer, Shillong Municipal Board regarding the operation of SSPTS-Maxi Cabs pursuant to letter No.SMB/PW/121/2013-14/230-3 to be published on January 30, 2023.
Shillong, Naitung 9 : Meghalaya Police have arrested four persons involved in gold smuggling.
Shillong, Iaiong 3: The Governor of Meghalaya has declared the 9th of this month as a public holiday for all private workplaces including shops and factories in the state, as it is the polling day for MP Lok Sabha. The Under Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Ministry of Labour, has informed that all the people will be able to cast their votes properly.
On the other hand, the Seng said that it is the MDA or NDA Government's treatment of the Christians in Meghalaya.
The President of Khasi Students Union Narpuh Circle, Bah KS Suchiang, has expressed his regret over the absence of attendance at the public hearing of M/s Green Valley Industries Ltd. , because the public hearing was held at 10 am and not at 11 am.
Speaking at the rally, Conrad paid tribute to the freedom fighters, by mentioning Mahatma Gandhi and the young leaders of Meghalaya such as Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah and U Father Togan Sangma.
The development of Shillong has now destroyed the forests.
The Genealogy says that those people who settled around Palestine in the 14th century BC were called Hebrews.
I don't understand why you don't move so much?!!! However, if we read some of the religious teachings written in the Quran, we find that it is God (Allah) who teaches us to do so! " Now go and strike the infidel and devote to destruction all that they have.
In his speech, Myntri Rangbah Duh said, “I am pleased to tell you about Bah Brian D.Kharpran.
The audition for this will be held on the 4th of this month at the Indoor Stadium, Mairang Mission.
Ganesh Das, which has 42 beds, has 7 beds.
In December, they went on a picnic to Sohra.
After the discovery of the Steel Wool, the Rangbah Shnong has also appealed to the public to be vigilant when buying food for their children and not to buy food items in these stores. days and they should look carefully before they give their children into their hands.
Dr. Basaiawmoit urged the public not to despise or despise the TB patients but to support them to avoid various sufferings because it is through the support of others that the patients suffer. encouragement to fight against this disease.
We would like to thank Gajendra Singh Shekhawat for his willingness to assist us in the implementation of this scheme.
Sangma on Saturday said Congress leader Rahul Gandhi's refusal to accept the court's decision and the ECI rules was regrettable.
“To Bah to Kong, let's go, because it's late,” said Bah Let's brother.
The first round of the tournament will be held for two days on the 27th and 28th of June in Shanghai, China at the UFC Performance Institute (UFC PI).
At the same time, the party will clean up the Umsohlang River, and will release fish and other aquatic species in the river.
Urging the HNLC to come forward for the peace talks, Mawthoh said, “We would like to welcome our brothers and sisters in the HNLC to come forward and take advantage of this talks. and the government and so that we can restore peace and order in Meghalaya.
Speaking on the two tenders called for the two parking lots, he said one will be near the Secretariat (former forest office), and the others will be sought.
They said this after finding out that the man had organized a sports tournament in the name of the Seng Samla Kur Suchiang, but did not consult or inform the owners of the Kur Suchiang.
“Azimganj is located in Murshidabad district while Katwa is located in Purba Bardhaman district.
Congress MPs from Punjab today came out of the House and burnt the bill in front of the Parliament in protest.
When he got home, Bahnah said to his brother.
The Electronic Centre, Police Bazaar 2.
Group-A matches on Friday will be between Umpling SC vs PFR Football Academy at 2:30 pm and Mawkriah West SC vs Laitkor SC at 4:15 pm.
As the MLA of the area, she announced that she has donated T.10 lakh tyngka to the school for the construction of a computer room and to purchase the most necessary computers. The Department of Arts and Culture has donated T.50,000 tyngka to the school.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The BJP Meghalaya has written to PP Choudhury, Minister of Law and Justice, Government of India, saying that in Meghalaya, out of 11 districts, there are only 8 consumers. Redressal Forums and in seven districts, these forums were headed by Deputy Commissioners.
If you fertilize with sun hemp, sesbania aculeata, rymbai ja, or cowpea, all these should be planted before planting; and thou shalt throw them into the ground.
The case was heard by Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice B. Bhattacharjee who expressed their regret over the delay in resolving the case and issuing an order in this regard.
Explaining to the participants from the district, u Bah Sangriang said that it is a pleasant thing, because it is the first time that the teams that will lead in various sports tournaments. different shall be able to join together in groups and not in private unions.
In his speech, the Minister spoke on the issue and stressed the need to protect and maintain water sources so that there will be no water shortage in the state.
Pastors, why don't you order the village churches to form groups to hold services in their villages, so that you can collect offerings to feed your stomachs.
Professor Morgan complained that many children in South East Asia spend many hours reading and doing homework.
Shillong: The Minister in charge of Power, James K Sangma, in reply to a When asked by Zenith M Sangma (Congress), he said that there are two Chief Engineers in Garo Hills under MePDCL.
Rev.K.Pariat, Senior Executive Secretary KJP Synod Mihngi was the chief guest and expressed his pleasure to take part in this special day to celebrate Thomas Jones Day.
Under the leadership of DIG Lovely Katiyar, a CBI team from Delhi arrived in Guwahati on Tuesday night.
The strong support of these political parties to the UDP is because they have already expressed that they no longer want to work with the government without the BJP or the NPP. Two MLAs from the HSPDP who came to support the UDP have suddenly turned away from the party to form a new government in the state. On the other hand, HSPDP President KP Pangniang, who has been in the dark over the resignation of his MLAs, has sent a letter to the leader of the HSPDP. NPP Conrad K Sangma has refused to accept the support of the HSPDP MLAs to the NPP and informed that they will withdraw their support.
There are also about 12 types of radioactive materials in the waste produced from uranium mining.
Shillong, July 22: The BJP Meghalaya has not raised a strong voice to demand the resignation of former Education Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh.
However, the CEM said that the Council will not do anything without any opposition or misunderstanding.
When you know, you understand how to take action.
Although before the repair, the traffic police had sent a letter to the PWD (Roads) department to look into the problem of the people and to repair the road immediately.
The Trustees of the SRGT are elected and appointed in accordance with the Trust Deed, with the consent of the sitting Trustees.
When asked whether Gauri has really been like a tree that strengthens Shah Rukh, Gauri said, “Yes, it's not like that” and added, “I don't feel clean at all. , and Shah Rukh Khan, will be in Bombay.
“However, on the part of the members of the Committee, who have already announced to the public that Assam will get so much land, we have to ask where they got the order to announce publicly this. “The Regional Committee has already decided to wait for the time,” she asked.
Nongpoh, Lber 24: A driver has escaped injuries when a tree collapsed on the Lad Umroi Shillong By-pass in Ri-Bhoi. and an Innova with the number plate AS 01 LC
Angela Rangad was speaking at the distribution of aid to the children of day laborers held at Polo.
Politics is common in many parts of the state, it is only a struggle in the language, talking stories whether with friends or relatives.
The program was held in conjunction with the National Fish Farmer's Day 2023 which is celebrated on the 10th of November.
The report from the NHAI also mentioned the inadequate installation of water pipes along the road from Jowai to Ratacherra, and there has been a leakage of water from these pipes which has affected the roads.
The incident occurred at 6.20 pm when armed men opened fire on the residence of Amit Mayengbam, Additional Superintendent of Police, Imphal West.
U God ba famous country u hynniew trep,Sur myllung sawa jam, from us don't let them fall;
However, what surprised her most was that when she arrived at the bank, she was shown that she had money amounting to T.95,71,16,98,6 And they were astonished, because it was so much money that they could not count it or tell it.
In the past 15 or 20 years, getting a driver's license was very difficult because the officers in charge of the District Transport Office (DTO) were strict and did not allow them to drive. He said that the public should not be allowed to obtain a license if those who apply do not meet the rules of driving.
The MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that the state government should lodge a complaint against the Chief Minister. Narendra Modi and Union Minister Amit Shah on their statement that Meghalaya is the most corrupt state during their visit to the state in June. a day or two before the election.
“We want to know from the RBI why they have changed the size and other shapes of the banknotes,” said Chief Justice Nandrajog.
Before the start of the performance, Rgh Don Kupar Dkhar, President Seng Khasi Kmie and Secretary Rgh Rangphyer Rynjah delivered a speech.
There were also entertainment programs for the people with the participation of various villages and townships in Jowai.
The program will be conducted by the Principal of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat. South West Khasi Hills.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong has decided to ban the dumping of garbage and urged everyone to follow the rules of the village to avoid any problems, said Edystone. to clean and remove the garbage which has been hidden for about 10 months in front of the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Jowai and on Thomas Jones Road.
The suspect and the firearm were handed over to the Nongpok Sekmai Police Station for further investigation.
In addition, there was also a discussion to strengthen cooperation in the development of C-130 fighter jets, which are under development in these areas. that day.
PC ordering all medical/pharmacies in EKH selling drugs under Schedule 'H', 'H1 and 'X' under the Drugs and Cosmetics Act to register CCTV cameras inside their shops.
One of them was appointed as Area Commander by Sohan D Shira and the other was his personal bodyguard, Director General of Police SB Singh told reporters.
The project was approved in 1992-93, but faced many difficulties initially due to opposition from the residents.
“We have returned from Bangladesh and have been in the training camp in Chennai for about three months, so I hope the girls are well prepared.
“The Chief Minister and the Group have agreed to implement these measures after a detailed explanation and have also agreed to set up a small factory under PPP Mode in which the State Government does not need to spend anything. " said the State Government in a statement.
The implementation of the relief efforts to the neighboring country is to work together in relation to the plight of these people from the earthquake known as 'Operation Karuna'
Speaking on the occasion, Bah S.Warjri EAC and Secretary Nongstoin Town Committee said that the purpose of the meeting was to explain to the public not to spread the nuit ki nier but to decided to fight them by gathering and dividing them into two parts, the rotten nuts and the unrotten nuts.
Shillong: The French Ambassador to India, Mr. Didier Talpain, the Consul General of France in Kolkata, in the presence of Mr. S Sohliya, Minister of Mawphlang Hima, Mr. and Mrs. Thierry Mathou, John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, & Adviser, Federation of Khasi States, Working President, Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) & Secretary General, North East Sports Association (NESA) Chairman, SPIKAP, and Bah Tambor Lyngdoh, Founder of Mawphlang Sustainable Tourism Societies, together with Bah D Lato, Tourism Officer, visited Mawphlang Sacred Forest at 10 am on 10th June
The tournament was inaugurated by the Minister of State for Sports, Banteidor Lyngdoh, in the presence of Principal Secretary Donald P Wahlang, Inspector General of Police AR Mawthoh, Director of Sports Wanri Booth, President of the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) Larsing Ming Sawyan and others.
Jannik Sinner (ITA) 219518.
Bah Lanong admitted that the chiefs have misused their power in many cases, because there is no law against them.
Deishim O Lamurong of Rymbai Shynrang Sakhaiñ was arrested by the residents of Rymbai Shynrang Sakhaiñ village while he was setting fire to his house. They took advantage of the darkness of the night, said Jagpal Singh Dhanoa.
After the arrest of the Bangladeshi from Golflink, Shillong Police took him to the MIMHANS Hospital for further investigation. Police did not take him to court for investigation but sent him to Civil Hospital, Shillong for treatment. He said that the police will launch a thorough investigation as the man does not have any documents to show where he came from and how he entered the state.
The Central Government is now preparing to issue an order requiring all doctors to write clearly the name of the medicine they give to patients and to write it in large letters.
He will fly by helicopter to Hynniewmer if the weather is good but if not, he will fly from Guwahati to Shillong.
The dates will be fixed in the rule when the rule is amended, but the punishment will fall under the Indian Penal Code 1860 under Section
The tournament was inaugurated by Joe Joplin Marbaniang, former Organizing Secretary of KSU Sengkmie.
I'll just end here.
Ms Mirajune said that there are more than 8000 ASHAs in Meghalaya and even with a salary of only T.66 tyngka, the ASHAs have worked hard to serve the people to improve their health. in the villages especially in the rural areas.
“I want to tell you here that this work is very sensitive.
When I take the human mind, whether illiterate or educated, I understand that we are no longer able to understand what our ancestors have shown and told us whether they are wise or strong.
Rupang: On the other hand, do you have any Court Cases or do you still have them? Joe Marweiñ: As of now, do you have any more?
Purno A Sangma was the Speaker of the Lok Sabha when he won as the NCP candidate, the party he left to form another party, the NPP. Purno Agatha Sangma has won the Tura Parliamentary Seat as the NCP candidate and the Tura MP is still in the NCP. Shillong, Lber 10: After receiving a tip on the smuggling of firearms to the insurgents in Ri-Lum Garo, the police have sent a letter to the Three teams of SWAT and COBRA personnel have been deployed in all villages and areas of William Nagar.
Valentine opposed and violated this law by conducting and secretly conducting marriages in the city.
“We used to talk a lot about Tripura, in 1951, the ethnic minorities in Tripura were the highest paid rulers but now only 18 out of 100 people are Hindus from Bangladesh, we cannot expect. to protect the foreign parties against us and only the national parties can protect themselves and their own people.
There are 17 buses belonging to various schools in Shillong.
Jowai, Jymmang 14: A youth named Riki Phawa from Kyndongtuber village has been missing since 24th July last year.
He said the government's intention is to encourage the youth to study hard and work hard in their higher education as many of them drop out only in primary classes to seek government jobs.
Speaking to media, the HNYF leaders said that the lack of issuance of licenses by the shops and the government's lack of attention to enforce them has caused a loss of billions of rupees. revenue per annum which has led to a decline in the government's budget.
He said the AGP and BPF had already signed an agreement with the BJP before the elections but all this will change as soon as the resolution is announced. “Let them support but after the 19th there will be changes,” he said.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the state government intends to shut down the State Housing Board as it has no revenue. something.
Therefore, the union strongly warns that if the government makes a wrong decision, the union will not back down and the government will take responsibility if there is bloodshed.
Hundreds of residents of Sikkim took part in a march in the city on the 19th of this month to protest against the rape and murder. of an 11-year-old girl.
Those who enter the village will also be issued with a village badge.
Since death is in every house, it was decided to burn down each house.
He said that this strike will have a serious impact on the performance of the health department and the change in the performance will be necessary for better performance.
He said that although it is a small district, but in terms of sports, the youth have shown their talents to compete in this volleyball tournament. Although this is the first time in the Meghalaya Games, the young men and women have shown and played well and have won.
“Before 2019, the allocation for the PHE department was only less than T.50 crore, but now the allocation has been increased to T.3000 crore and the focus is on building infrastructure that can “The State Water Policy and other schemes will also take action on climate change,” he said.
However, Philippoussis, a former Wimbledon and US Open finalist, has now announced that his long-term relationship with Stefanos has ended; This is a few days before the start of this year's Grand Slam, the French Open.
How many members of the KSU have topped ten in various examinations since the day of its foundation?3
Imson opened the scoring through Wanborlang Nonstanber in the 6th minute.
Police sources said that on Thursday, a resident of Shillong complained that on June 29, 2024, a man who identified himself as Jayanta Bora from HDFC, Khanapara, Guwahati, and along with him, three others came.
Shillong, Nailur 23: Police have registered six cases of incidents in Sabuda village, Madan Umwang, Jatalong, Umtlieh and Umlaper villages in Raid Nongtung district of Ri-Bhoi district. district.
In the Folk Song Solo category, Dawanpynchelang Pohtam of Sohkha Government High School came second, Rihun Pohleng of Jowai RMSA Secondary School came second and Jasper Nongrum of Jowai Presbyterian High School won the third prize.
Nongpoh: Police of Nongpoh Police Station, today recovered the body of an elderly man, Bah Anthony Thabah (40) from Shangbangla village, who was sleeping. lyngdkop at a place near the NH-6 which falls within the boundary of the same village.
The most important road is the road from Trangblang to Amlanai and Pasadwar for the convenience of commuters.
The illegal mining of coal also continues unchecked, perhaps even more.
She added that the families of those who died should be compensated for their loss.
When we look at the roads to the villages, we cannot help but wonder how a mother who has given birth or is pregnant can drive on these bumpy roads to get to the hospital.
In terms of money, the value of these drugs has reached tens of crores of rupees, especially heroin.
But once you lose your ownership, you lose it immediately.
Pynïaid said this at an election campaign rally at Diengpasoh Market in Mawryngkneng Constituency, East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday to seek the support of the people.
Santi, the owner of the shop, had forgotten Gratia's father's order not to punish her if she spoke biria.
Shillong: Speaking to reporters after the swearing-in ceremony of Mawhati MLA Dasakhiat Lamare and Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton L Tongkhar, Mawkyrwat MLA, He said that the appointment of ministers in the parties that formed the MDA government has not been agreed upon.
Therefore, from what was seen during the two inspections, it was seen that many of those people living on the border are more discouraged that their land will fall under Meghalaya, but what remains is only In the wisdom of the border officials from Meghalaya, how can they speak in front of the officials of Assam, because in fact many people from other ethnic groups and those living on the border, want the land. They did not fall into Meghalaya.
However, the Government of India does not believe.
In a meeting with the DC of East Jaintia Hills District, the KSU Branch Manager said that the KSU has been able to discuss in detail how to take measures to prevent the spread of this disease. Bank SBI.In the meeting between the members of the union and the DC, it was learned that the foreigner has not informed the DC's office or especially the village leaders about his arrival in the district. This is part of the violation of the rules and regulations laid down by the government.
He said that every year there are 4-5 students who pass matriculation and class
“How much happier the couple who have been together are than those who have just met.
He said the KHADC should set up a Record Finding Committee to do this.
On the 9th of this month, the MDCs had discussed a motion on the role of the KHADC on the demarcation of the boundary, in the Budget Session of the Council. expressed its dissatisfaction with the report submitted by the Prime Minister in the Legislative Assembly on the settlement of the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
She said that Kynsai had threatened in front of other people who had told her since last year when she had arrested his illegal coal trucks. He called her to talk to her but she didn't answer, even though he tried to talk to her through another policeman.
In another match, Mawpdang SC and Lummawbah SC shared 10 points after a 2-2 draw.
They include Aiborlang Khongjee, a prominent defender and Eugeneson Lyngdoh, a midfielder.
And the house where they lived was filled with a pleasant aroma.
VGK Kynta, one of the prominent Muktiars in the State, said that the Meghalaya Land Transfer (Regulation) Act, 1971, cannot apply on Government land, if the Government gives land. to build houses for the relocation of people from the Metor Area, Mawlong Market Area.
Shillong, March 2: The resignation letters of the MDCs who have resigned from the post of MDCs have now reached the hands of the Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan.
“There are many challenges, there are concerns from different groups and so we want to consult with all the groups first and of course no one said to leave it alone but the issue here is “Because it is the first project that has not been completed, we will have to take other steps and at the same time we will We continue to discuss and find a common ground on how we can move forward with the project because the railway line is suitable for the State and can be implemented in phases.
The HPC also alleged that all this is just an unfounded eviction plot, which affects the residents of Punjabi Lane (Mawlong Market) to lose their rights, reputation and happiness. a small piece of land and to accept this residential area as along which they have given through the blueprint.
And what is certain is the intention to undermine the unity and order of our nation.
The NGT has also directed the government to set up a coal transportation station at Dalu and Garampani in October and has also agreed to set up a coal station at Myndihati.
There is a saying, “If the Khasi are united, the world will be destroyed”.
Nongum said that the party leaders including Commander Shangpliang Chairman, K Suting Vice Chairman, Erick Syiemlieh Organizing Secretary and other leaders will leave for Mawsynram to explain to the public on the need for He demanded that the government should implement the policy on agriculture and will also discuss many of the problems faced by the farmers in different parts of the state. Come and listen to the explanations from the leaders of the party at the meeting at Iew Mawsynram at 12 noon.
Referring to the protective equipment, the Chief Minister said that the state currently has 64,458 PPE's, 5,10,000 3 ply masks and 80,190 N95 masks. ).
There were six children, four boys and two girls.
Bickyson Kharkongor scored a hat-trick and Risuk Malniang scored the second goal for Mawiong SC.
In this attempt to become a leader who can convey your wishes and aspirations to the government as a Member of Parliament from Shillong Seat in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections, I request that you support me with your votes.
The curfew in the country will end on 14th June, 21 days since it was announced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi last night.
The Republic Day Cup Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) will start on the 8th July at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
SWKH lost four wickets for 20 runs.
The second is the fire in the Presbyterian Church.
Harvesting of tea leaves begins in March and can be harvested up to seven or more times per year.
“The party will not rest on its laurels until it reaches the goal of victory,” he added.
According to the video footage from the CCTV cameras installed in the shop, a man was seen carrying a plate and fled the scene immediately after stealing the cup from the shop. the place where it was placed.
Shillong, March 7: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has strongly condemned the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) for saying that there is no need to implement the ILP. to violate the laws of the land.
These foods are often high in fat and fat so they are not very healthy.
He said that the task of the Ministry of Arts and Culture is to preserve the customs and traditions. To do this, it is up to the people to produce films about the customs and traditions. help in making such films.
The entire Pynursla area is part of Bangladesh.
This present nation can be said to have degraded the dignity of the Khasi kulong-kumah.
“When we talk about Hindutva, we don't mean that we are talking about only one religion, one nation because Hindutva is a way of life and culture,” he said. a country that believes and respects many religions, ways of life, languages, cultures and so on.
This heavy traffic on the road has endangered other vehicles coming from the other side which could cause an accident.
“We have examined everything and we have seen that there are rules on how to provide accommodation for doctors and nurses.
“We have decided to meet with the KHADC urgently to urge them to take action and write to the state government, as this will violate the rights of the people,” said Bah John. “The forests, the rivers, the land belong to the kurs, private individuals, himas, raids and other groups.
There will also be a Guest House in addition to the office which the government has prepared to use for the National Games
He said that if Bah Sanbor comes to sit inside the House, it doesn't make sense for him to sit at home.
Speaking to reporters, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the state has not yet reported any case of Covid-19, but the state is ready if There are those who have this disease and put it in these places.
Ebanskhem Nongtdeh of Iawmulong Nartiang scored a hat-trick to lead his team to a 3-1 win against Lumpyrtuh Mihmyndtu in the 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy. The 2013 FIFA World Cup will be held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
She sat by the road to wait for a car like a commuter.
In 1981, he was invited to consecrate his brother Fr Cyprian Phrang Lyngdoh.
He saw that there is a danger if the students now turn only to English and even the Government does not do anything about this by preparing books in Khasi for various subjects.
The selection will be held on the 21st while the announcement of the winner will be held on the 24th of this month.
Meanwhile, Iraq has reportedly executed three people involved in the 2016 bombing, which killed more than 320 people in Baghdad.
Many tourist attractions which are still in development these days have emerged through the hard work of individuals and groups.
We need to have our own sectors, which can take forward the Act East Policy,” said Conrad.
Shillong, Naitung 19 : The Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association (MAWA) on Tuesday congratulated the athletes of the Meghalaya Arm Wrestlers Team for the All India Ranking Championship in Gwalior, Madhya Pradesh. Pro Panja League 2022 will be held from 22nd to 24th November,
Mookyndur will play in the 2nd Division from this season onwards.
This can be achieved only if all the people of different ethnic groups are united.
There is no longer any need to worship or worship the gods in the old way—not that there is a problem—but many things happen to man.
“We intend to bring Vietnamese tour operators to parts of India.
Shillong: The BJP has promised to end the coal mining in the state within 180 days if it comes to power in the state.
In fact, he came to our office on Sunday and refused.
In the first case, police seized 1.85 lakh tyngka, in the second case 2.875 lakh tyngka, in the third case 6 lakh tyngka and so on and the total amount seized was 10.72 lakh tyngka.
According to Bah Kharsyntiew, the incident happened in the morning between the hours of the polling.
In the final match of the day, Sutnga Mission Sports Club beat Umlyngsha Youth SSC 1-0
The Prime Minister told the Chairperson of the NHRC and its members that the incident in Mukroh clearly shows that it is a violation of human rights.
The Minister also directed the public to inform the number 1967 within the Food and Distribution Department if they have any problems with the food items. MLAs, MDCs, civil society organizations, religious leaders and the villagers to raise awareness on the need to observe Social Distance and to request them to be willing to help others. in such a time.
In addition, during the interview, the member admitted that he had broken the weapon, which is suspected to be an IED bomb that had not been prepared to detonate at the intended target.
“The shortage of doctors is one of the most difficult problems in the country and in the state,” said Dr Mukul and added that the government is ready to expedite the operation of schools in the state.
In addition, there has been a push to implement the MMDR Act in Meghalaya.
“I urge the Governor of Meghalaya to take action on this issue with the relevant government especially with the Ministry of Home Affairs, the Chief Secretary and Director General of Police to implement this Act and to have an Accountability Commission from the Ministry of Police. “For the safety of the state and especially for the rights of the people,” said the Working President of MRAYP, Kingstone Bolwari in a letter sent to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong.
Shillong: U Bah HM Shangpliang (Congress) today asked in the House, “Who is the Minister of Agriculture?” Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, informed the Speaker that some of his family members have tested positive for covid-19 and he himself is under quarantine for 40 days, including today.
Shillong, July 10: U Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik on Tuesday received a letter from the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India regarding the non-submission of accounts by the Autonomous Districts. Councils (ADCs) in the last few years and the lack of reports in the Legislative Assembly submitted by the CAG to the Autonomous District Councils.
The people of Ranikor Constituency have unanimously decided to elect two candidates from the party to contest the election and have elected Nelbi T. Sangma and Bah Kitborlang Nongrem as the candidates. The NPP Ranikor Block Unit will send the final decision to the State Election Committee for the final decision. one candidate from among these two.
The Seng appeals especially to the parents, to take the initiative to bring along their children, young people who have studied in schools, colleges or universities, so that they can be brave. to come forward in the activities of the Kur and to become people who know the Kur, the jait, the people and God and also to help them to get to know each other in their journey, to know especially in their own villages, but also in other villages and places where there are para kur.
I listen to the spirit, I don't listen to what my mind says," said Bertina.
In this regard, he said that it is the duty of the department to inform the public about the new price for various fines for the owners of vehicles so that it will also be an information to fully implement the rules and regulations.
Jowai, Naitung 08: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) War Jaintia Circle led by its President Bah Shlur Mukhim and members of the FKJGP War Jaintia Circle on Saturday held a public meeting at Padubah Amalarem Sub- village. Division.
The Chutwakhu Social Welfare Local Durbar in a statement from the Waheh Shnong Philanderwell Lyngdoh after an emergency meeting of the village has decided to cooperate with this proposal by informing that the iawshyiap will be closed within these hours. The shops in the village were open as well.
Therefore, the headmaster of the university said that such incidents are a great threat to the people and the souls of the innocent like this young woman who was involved in such an incident in this time.
Therefore, he appealed to all to be vigilant and awake people by understanding their own identity on earth and to understand the uniqueness of their ancestors. gave it to us.
Pramila Turkey and Sr.
Today at 1 pm, heavy rainfall and cold weather have hit many places.
105:Jesus is coming again, To gather His people As a Church we preach the coming of Jesus but he has not yet come, less than 180 years have passed since the coming of the Missionaries. to his coming but he has not yet come; There are those who say that a Christian preaches the coming of Jesus but builds churches every day; Umlyngka Church spends 7 crore to build a church and every day we preach the coming of Him. Ps 90:4 “For a thousand years in thy sight are as yesterday when it is past; and like the night watch"If translated into our context, For 1000 years before you is like this night and like the night watch today.14 Generation from Abraham-David14 “from Pet3:8-10′′But, beloved, be not ignorant of this one thing, that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day. it’s like one day.
Speaking as the chief guest, Babu Staising Khartbteng, expressed his gratitude to the management and teachers of Rangjadong Presbyterian Upper Primary School for their hard work and smooth running of the work to provide education to the children. they will grow in knowledge through education.
In the first leg of the tournament, Myrjai beat Khlieh Shnong Ialong 2-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
Total 248 licenses have been issued , said the EM of the Trade Department and these 248 licenses have been issued across the area under the jurisdiction of KHADC He said that these foreign licenses will no longer be accepted for renewal but if they want to trade they have to bring a new NOC and apply for a new license.
It has been applied online for Zero Investment Innovation for Education Initiatives (ZIIEI) on the theme 'A Clean, Green & Healthier Campus'
Abdul Rahman, one of the jhur vendors at Beltola market, said, “We have to sell at the price to earn money,” but declined to say whether there was a theft or the reason for the incident. the sudden increase in the price of the rynsun.
The leaders of the Umden Area include the President-elect, Bah Lostar Lyngdoh, Ramlin Marbaniang, General Secretary, and other members of the leadership.
The Mawlai Town Dorbar in collaboration with the Manbha Foundation will provide treatment and counseling to the youth who have been enslaved to drugs and who have shown their willingness to turn away from drugs. you are drunk.
I was called for the selection of 9th and 10th teachers.
This plague will strike first those who are righteous and holy.
You have to decide, the people of Jowai have to decide what they want to do,” he said.
Many people do not know this most important right and how this right empowers us the people.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Rangbah Shnong Bah K.Khyriem, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, President HYC Mawlai Circle, Rangbah Dong, Block, 3, 4 and 5 and others. Member of HYC, Mawlai Umjaiur.
If the public wishes to meet face to face, they can arrange for them to visit health and wellness centers or primary healthcare centers as well as tertiary healthcare centres. North Eastern Region and the third in the country to have its own special policy for those with mental disabilities, with the aim of providing assistance and support for their.
No one shall be excluded from this provision until he has had an opportunity to explain the matter.
In the counting of votes, it was witnessed that the counting of votes between the two candidates was equal, but Lahkmen won by 57 votes.
Shillong, Nailar 04 : Meghalaya has been on the alert for the increase in the number of cases of Monkey Pox which has been reported for the first time in Kerala.
He said that among the neighboring villages which are still able to coordinate the work, such offices have been set up in the more central village, so that the work can be done smoothly and for the members and office bearers of the The committee was elected from among the villages involved in the implementation of the scheme.
When harvesting the coffee beans, the first thing to do is to remove the skin.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) today held a protest against the incident in Karnataka where the Congress party, which is allied with the JD (S), failed to hold a meeting in Karnataka. government even though these two parties have a lot of paid.
He said that on 25/6/2018 at a meeting he had convened, the name of Bah Glen Khongwir was decided but at the meeting held on 27/6/2018 only due to the delay. KHNAM leaders took advantage and announced the name of Bah Rocky Hek.
Speaking on 'Clean Politics', Bah Ardent said he has decided to resign as president of the FKJGP. in the MLA elections in
It is also worth mentioning that the village and especially the St.Jude Secondary School, where every year they have suffered from floods, which has caused the loss of the school and the village. This year, however, the village will be spared from the floods, as all the drains have been cleaned.
On this occasion, the athletes who have won various awards in sports competitions in the state and abroad were also honored and the chief guest also donated 1 lakh tyngka to the USBA. heart disease is one of the leading causes of death.
What is a value system? An example is the Preamble of the Constitution of India and it is in the Preamble that the judiciary of the country is established and empowered by the Constitution. to the citizens of the country to govern themselves, to live freely, to enjoy the rights of indigenous peoples, to be equal before the law, that different religions have the right to preach and promote the belief, that minorities and indigenous communities like Tribals, Dalits and Adivasis have special protections and rights to protect their ownership over land, to promote and preserve traditional and it is also expected that all the citizens will live in peace and harmony in the community.
“It is prohibited for all to fish in the streams or rivers and in the Myntdu river especially in the area from Krohkon to Khloo Pyrdi or Liar Pohtisha,” said the Waheh Shnong.
The CEM of KHADC and the EMs were accompanied by members of the KSU and HNYF. without regard to the powers of the District Council.
Earlier, the Land Development and Building Regulation, 2015 had published a notice in the Meghalaya Gazette that the building law within the land of the district council requires permission from the KHADC to build houses. and not from the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA).
The Regional Committees headed by Government Ministers visited these seven sites along with members of the Regional Committee from Assam.
In another incident, Ashwin Babar lodged a complaint at the PS headquarters that on July 26, robbers stole building materials worth T.4.90 lakh from Crowborough Hotel, Shillong.
In the Under-17 girls' category, Sakwang Presbyterian Higher Secondary School beat Upper Mawbidong Secondary School 2-0 with Naribakordor Nongsiej scoring in the 15th minute and Idashisha from Idashisha. Ramsiej in the 45th minute.
This is like a training shlem to stand on your own feet.
In addition, staff quarters as well as separate quarters for boys and girls will be constructed.
The HSPDP candidate from Sohiong, Bah Sandondor Ryntathiang, said that the people should not succumb to the ideas of dividing the residents in the constituency.
The HYC also condemns the government for the temporary collapse of the Gallery siej on Friday during the match between Mawlai SC and Ryntih SC.
Process said that everyone knows that the post of CEM is the post of Congress MDCs because they have the highest salary, not that of Independent MDCs.
Although many rumors have appeared in the newspapers, it has not been seen that the Sordar of Raid Tynring has said anything, even after being criticized by the MDC, Bah Pyniaid S Syiem, but The Sordar and other longkmie from Tynring village have met with the journalists.
In a statement, the Rangbah Shnong of Wahlakhiat, Bah J Ryndong, said that the natural disaster has made it difficult for vehicles to travel until some of them are still stranded in the village.
The victim was rushed to the Civil Hospital Nongstoiñ, but doctors pronounced him dead before reaching the hospital.
In the afternoon, the choir of Malki Youth Church, Shangpung Youth Church, Nangbah Youth Church and Standing Choir KJP Synod Mihngi Youth Church performed.
Speeches were also delivered by Biangbor Paliar, President of KSU Mawlai Circle, Rapborlang Nongrum, General Secretary and others.
He said the matter was discussed at the Central Executive Committee of the party last night which accepted his decision.
Only people whose sin no longer has power in their daily lives have become truly godly.
Meira's claim is wrong that the UDP has supported her,” he said. Many MLAs believe in the party's directives and very few believe in the basis of internal knowledge.
He said that until these days, the employee of MECL who has not collected the electricity bill from the area has come only once.
There are actors who are no longer in politics and these include Shatrughan Sinha, Hema Malini, Jaya Bachchan and many others. Sunny Deol and others who are not well known.
Ranasing Khyriem and Labianglang Diengdoh won the best dressed Lat while Bashimti Snaitang won the best speaker.
Shillong, Nailur 9: The Congress office of the Congress Bhawan in Mawkyr has collapsed on Monday morning after robbers set fire to the office.
Ampareen has also been appointed to the Ministry of Agriculture in the state. In this regard, she said that the new department is for me, but she will work hard to improve agriculture in the state. The state has been able to assist farmers in Meghalaya.
They said that about 4-5 fire engines have arrived at the scene to extinguish the blaze.
He said that the roads in the state are a sign that the people can see the work of the government led by Dr Mukul Sangma.
Earlier, the President of the Khasi Authors' Society (KAS) Dr DRL Nonglait had said that he had intended to contest for the MP seat from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, but now he has withdrawn.
The order was issued because there are some organizations, which issue licenses to foreigners as well as contractors, which has raised the fear of many churches, including traders, farmers. bylla and which can bring about peace in the entire area.
Ray scored 22 runs while Janika Marak scored 12 runs but Meghalaya lost all wickets for 77 runs in 34 overs.
The Executive Committee led by Thombor Shiwat as Chief Executive Member (CEM) of JHADC has decided to include the Fishery and Agriculture Department and the Market Department to reduce the expenditure of the council.
He said that when the residents of the area need to go to Nongstoiñ for government office related work, they have to go to Chaygaon and down to Boko to Hahim Athiabari to Riangdo and in these days From Athiabari to Riangdo, it takes up to four hours for vehicles to travel due to the poor condition of the road.
Many expressed their surprise that initially the Speaker said that there should be 10 members in the group to get the Leader of the Opposition.
186 houses, dwellings, clothes and others were seen in the area near the Pangong Lake and a large area, up to 8 kilometers, which was connected. to the Chinese territory.
Therefore, he hopes that the VPP, although it is a new party, has seen the enthusiasm of the people because they want to bring about change.
Four players will be selected to participate in the National Chess Championship to be held in Maharashtra in August
When asked whether the Assam government has informed the district authorities about the plan to build a police station at the site, the Deputy Commissioner said, “Yes. without informing you".
EM Trade stood up and replied that the answer he put on the table of the MDCs was wrong and gave another figure that in East Khasi Hills there are 132 licensees, in West Khasi Hills there are 132 licensees. 16 cases, 6 cases in South West, 73 cases in Ri-Bhoi and 55 cases in Transport.
Bhupendra of the BJP and Jogadish Chandra of the Congress will contest from Zikzak constituency.
I also hope that through the provisions of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India, he will protect his people and prevent foreign powers from discriminating against the indigenous people especially the farmers in terms of land ownership,” said Ma Anthony.
Therefore, the combination of both is sufficient to meet the protein requirements of the body.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills has demanded that the State Government should give at least 20% share to the Pnar/Jaintia people in the employment in the State.
He also expressed his disappointment over the first goal in the first minute.
The office bearers of RBTO&DA include Rescomar R Nongbsap as President, Sikharius Mawlong, Vice President, T. Wardkhar, Secretary, Boklang Wardkhar, Publicity Secretary and two Advisers. Shining Rapsang and Darson Mawlong.
In shocking news, authorities have arrested a child carrying a heavy gun who was trying to break into and attack a church in Louisiana.
Earlier, the rainfall reached 53.8 millimetres, which was the highest rainfall of
Among the festivals that will attract the attention of the spectators will be the sniehkhla dance which many of the people even of Ri Khasi have never seen before. One of these traditional ja shet will be the traditional ja kyndeh prepared by 12 villages, the owners of Nongnah. There will also be a demonstration on how to make Khasi kyiad. Not only will they be able to taste this khasi kyiad, but they will also be able to see how it is prepared for cooking.
The matter was resolved in the District Council during the tenure of Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit as CEM of KHADC, but after the appointment of Adelbert Nongrum as CEM, the residents of Mawlongbna have come to complain again to the CEM. and they accused the Thyllaw of coming to invade their land.
A police source said that some residents of the village, who informed the police, said that there was a body of an elderly man, who was lying lyngktar near the house. The village road and revealed that the body was covered with only marks.
Dippu Sangma has scored 3/68 in 16 balls.
On the first day they must leave otherwise the party will take strong action.
The existence of the Block brings the needy people closer together from time to time, and if the office is not sufficient to store the documents for the maintenance, it is a problem in all aspects.
To protect others from getting sick from my negligence... but if God requires me to help someone, I will not refuse to help.
On the demand of the KSU to release those who have been arrested and abducted, the SP said that no response has been received yet.
Death itself followed Jesus from the day he was born when the rulers of Palestine at that time issued a decree to kill all boys under two years of age and This was done to destroy the faith of the people that the messiah would come to fight to deliver them from the oppression and persecution of the rulers.
Shillong: After more than 30 years of border dispute, Umphyrnai and Lam lyer Nongkrem villages on 19th June, 2022 have resolved the issue by clearing the border. the place is not covered.
If we have leaders who are responsible for the state, we need different policies, but even the old ones have not been resolved by the government. .
Besides the demands for apology and apology, they also demanded an immediate stop to publishing any false statements and insulting statements against Lalremsanga.
Speaking to Rupang by telephone, Don Massar said he is currently abroad and is not in Shillong and he has no information about the visit of NPP leaders to Ranikor constituency yesterday.
Colombo: Cardinal Malcolm Ranjith today told reporters that churches will not hold their mass on the 5th of July; after receiving information that there could be another bombing of churches.
“In every election, we always expect the leader to work with the people.
It is time for the government through its departments together with the Village Authorities, NGOs, to plan better how to make our villages clean and tidy.
“We are very proud and grateful to receive this award.
On the issue of Hima and Chiefs, it was said that the UK&J Hills has already incorporated all the rituals into the Appointment and Succession Act. of Chief and Headmen Act 1959), which was assent by the Governor of Assam on 16.10.1959 and was also included in the Assam Gazette on
“It was planned to release the film in June 2016.
Although from time to time, the government has decided to build it, it has not been able to do anything till today and it has remained untouched.
The screen of the laptop turned black and white” and at that moment, a voice came from God, saying, “If you accept my will, I will accept yours” ('My screen went black). and white,' he said.
Denying that the reports are merely a rumor to mislead the people of Meghalaya, Kohli said, “All the reports that the BJP has banned the consumption of beef are lies and ethnic hatred. Congress”,.
How can we start thinking again in a more meaningful way, so that in the coming new year..., we will see different, better signs. , which doesn't have a shisha and that's the answer – 'Happy New Year?'What can it be? It is, if we agree together, that as citizens, we should take the responsibility to help join hands, or just a voice is enough for those who cannot join hands, not to stand blindly without understanding, but to turn How to get the Khasi language recognized by the Government under Schedule 8 (Eight Schedule), to relocate the Sohmoh who live under the Government land at Mulong Market, so that to improve the traffic and trade, to implement the MRSSA Act, before the ILP which was immediately rejected by Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister in 2013 to demand The Congress Government in Delhi at that time.
In three away games, Lajong have lost all their matches and have won only once at home and lost once at home.
The Deputy Commissioner said that he will talk to the staff of Swachh Bharat Department in charge of Engineering Procurement Construction (EPC) and will also look into the issue. Abhilash Banarwal said that he will also write to the National Highway Authority of India and the Swachh Bharat Mission to hold a joint meeting. together with the members of the party to discuss many issues related to the cleanliness of the city in Khliehriat as it is very important to bring and maintain a cleanliness of the city.
On receiving a tip, the District Police Karbi Anglong led by Addl.SP (Crime) of Hamren PS Nayanmoni Barman rushed to the scene.
Even if you have a trick to buy a job, many jobs earn thanksgiving.
After the arrest, the union tried to question these foreigners and these foreigners did not have the Registration Cards which they should have received according to the Meghalaya Identification and Security of Migrant Act. Workers Act, 2020.
As the organization, we have taken this initiative to join hands with the village and some of the elders after we have been waiting for a long time for this village to get a road because it is a famous village. In the legend, it is the place where Sngap Sing Syiem, the king of the Hima Maharam, lived and this king is regarded as one of the freedom fighters against the Dohlieh.
Right now it's just a minor damage and if it blows up who will be responsible," he added.
Secretary of the Village.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 1: A youth named Hundarsing Wahlang, 20, of Mawlangsu village, West Khasi Hills District, has died recently after being electrocuted.
All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) MP Derek O'Brien has admitted that the schemes implemented by the BJP-led central government across the state are not the right schemes. They have followed the TMC government in West Bengal.
“As the Police have done what is necessary according to the law regarding the smuggling of petrol, it was also discussed that there should be no punishment for those who fulfill their duty to deliver petrol to “The police through the Crime Branch will do whatever is necessary to conduct an investigation,” said Pravin Bakshi.
In a statement, Tarni Khonglam said that they have not yet decided whom to support in the 2018 MLA election and they are still monitoring the political situation in Pynursla.
Potassium is what can lower blood pressure.
She passed away on March 26, 2020 at 7:30 pm.
As part of the celebration, there were also dances and songs by the villagers, and the celebration was held at Siejlieh Village Square, Nongstoin West Khasi Hills District. The meeting was conducted by Bah GW Nonglang President of Siejlieh Sports Social and Cultural Youth Organization.
I, along with Bah Lambor Malngiang, we are members of KHNAM, two in the Assembly of 60 members have written to the Prime Minister that they should not proceed without visiting, inspecting the places that have already done so. mining uranium and it was on that basis that the government in 2003, sent a government team to Jadugoda where there is a uranium mining site.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawpat, Bah Judah Wahlang, in an interview with this reporter, said that Mawpat village is currently facing a serious problem in terms of drinking water supply and hundreds of households are suffering from water shortages. and there were those who had wells.
In the drawing competition, 76 students from Primary and Upper Primary schools while in the essay writing competition, 23 students from Secondary schools and 14 students from colleges took part.
He said that this donation is small and therefore he urged the people especially those who have not been able to receive it at this time not to be sad but they too will be given forever.
The players know how to play and we will remain firm on this style of play,” said Khlaiñ.
In the girls category, the second medal went to Liza Tomar in the 61kg category.
On 20th September 2013, after discussion, the Dorbar Pyllun decided to change the name of the Raid Mynsaw Sirdarship to the Nongmynsaw Sirdarship and requested the KHADC to approve the Constitution of the Hima known as (The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Nomination and Election of the Sirdar and Sordar of Nongmynsaw Sirdarship Bill, 2014.
The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Mukul Sangma, has decided to contest from two constituencies.
Four other players who were honored by the Dorbar Shnong include Baniaikyrsoi Khongwir, Manbhalang Thangkhiew, Bankhammaian Khongwir and Banbatjuban Khongwir.
“He said that the Society is preparing a documentary to be sent to the Ministry of Home Affairs through the State Government to showcase the work that the Society has done in the past 40 years. .
AIS SujaOnce you think about it, Satan is a wicked person.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) through Notification No.ECI/PN/83/2021, dated 28th September, 2021, has empowered the Bye-election of Parliamentary/Assembly Constituencies in India especially in the State of Meghalaya. 13-Mawryngkneng (ST), 24-Mawphlang (ST) and 47-Rajabala constituencies have scheduled to hold polling day on 30th October, .
The ECI has announced the elections for the 543 Lok Sabha MPs on 16th October.
Although there is no special consideration for the owners of land in the state with the help of the Supreme Court, it is not clear how the state government will act.
After looking into this, the court found that the regulations did not at all address the issue related to structural designs and emergence of different structures near rivers.
We have to accept that this is a new situation, we can say that the process of education, the process of agriculture, the process of economic development must go on”.
The department will provide counseling services to precious brothers and sisters who have been involved in various tragedies and also for children in training to walk in the right path, said the statement. Mr. Hubert Nongrum, General Secretary of the Foundation.
They live near the city, they live in the fields, they eat the wheat and the barley.
However, it is not only Stalin of Tamil Nadu, but Meghalaya has Adolf Lu Hitler Marak.
The same is true for the extraction of other minerals.
In the Nongtyngur GS Circle, the villages are Lummawniai, Rimassar, Rimylliem, Lyngkhat, Mynrieng, Nashain, Lympung Sniang, Borhill, Thiep Jalong, Nongdiang, Lyntidar, Phanshika and Weipluh.
There are also many people in Meghalaya.
He said that the parking of vehicles on the road on the one hand causes problems in case of fire because it is difficult for the fire trucks to enter the villages.
Shillong, June 10: On the 3rd of this month, robbers stole an LCD monitor and a UPS from Shillong.
She said the MPCC has directed Lapang and the Prime Minister to send a message to the AICC Screening Committee. Lapang and Dr Sangma are members of the AICC Screening Committee.
A new road from the NEFA Secretariat to the Military Hospital will also be constructed to reduce traffic jam at Anjalee Point, one of the most trafficked areas in the city.
In our village they are all Khasi and this is the most important opportunity for us that if there is still an opportunity we want to be in Meghalaya, because of the religion, customs, speech, dress. It's the same thing, so living in a foreign country is really a problem.
Soon after, the police rushed to the scene and took control of the scene.
Shillong, November 12: The North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) has marked the 151st death anniversary of Garo freedom fighter Pa Togan Sangma.
Detailed information should be sought on the areas where bseiñ is most common in the North Eastern States and to study the bih of different species of bseiñ and to develop ASV according to the situation in this area. the area.
They said that from now on there will be no more water shortages and power shortages on the platforms as happened in some villages last year.
The tournament was organized by the Umkor Urksew Pynursla Sports Club (UUP SC) which is one of the oldest clubs in the North East and has its headquarters in Pynursla.
However, the surprising thing is that these explanations of the management of the company have been rejected not only by these children but also by the parents of these children who have accompanied their children at the time. After talking to the two parties, it was understood that the incident occurred due to the inability of the management of the company to explain to them. child looking for work.
With this victory, Shillong Lajong have qualified for the semi final of Group C.
New York had 6,103 cases on Friday, more than Italy, which had 6,203 cases yesterday.
Ambulance drivers also like to drive fast, although in fact, the patient doesn't need to drive fast, because all that is needed is to drive fast. don't stop in the middle of the road and through these incidents, which we often encounter, it should be said that ambulance drivers should only be trained by the police; but if not, they should be those who have been trained to drive, or those who have strong hands, that they may know how to protect themselves from injuries.
Pala said the Congress party will win at least 32 MLAs in the 2023 elections and the 12 MLAs from the Congress have been a disappointment for him as President. Their appearance is a blessing in that instead of them there have been those who are wiser than those who have left the party.
She said that in order to avoid any diseases, the meat vendors should cover the meat trees with mluh and put the mluh all night and tomorrow morning when they come they should clean them so that the skins shall not be able to stand.
“I don't have anything to say because that is the responsibility of the Congress party and they have to decide how to move forward, and I don't like to say anything about any political party,” he said.
After focusing on the players and observing their performance on the football field and in the athletics track during these two days, the coaches took the lead on the third day with a session on how to to encourage the children under this programme, how to teach them to choose sports and strength development through various levels and to prevent injury, as well as how to data it has been able to help coaches and analysts a lot.
Shillong: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shillong City under the leadership of Samla Joy Phankon, Organizing Secretary of Nongthymmai Circle today visited a house under construction in Nongrimmaw. The workers in this house are not citizens of the state.
Shillong: The village council of Dalmia Cement Ltd has expressed its regret over the mismanagement of the dewbilat factory in Thangskai East Jaintia Hills District.
The five suspects include Franky Lyngdoh, Justice Paul Lyngdoh, Romingstar Lamare, Remdor Lyngdoh and Kamio Biam.
These include 14 cases in Bakur, 4 cases in Lookyrwiang, 9 cases in Mooralong, 8 cases in Nongtalang, 4 cases in Shangpung, 8 cases in Shangpung Mission.
Speaking to reporters, Commander Shangpliang, President of the Meghalaya Film Makers Association, warned the JAC shops not to sell Khasi songs and films from now on. He also warned the public not to download Khasi movies on their mobile phones in this manner. He urged the public to inform the JAC if they find any shops that violate the law. .
There were 32 participants in their respective categories, 19 in U-14, 13 in U-1
The State Government has set up a Corona Screening Center at Byrni, Ri Bhoi District to monitor the number of visitors to the country. for.
Although both the teams failed to qualify for the top spot in the zone, South Garo Hills have already reached the final by winning three of their three matches.
What is the meaning of these laws relating to it, the laws in the Sixth Schedule and other laws because the laws of the District Council conflict with other laws.
Teacher's Appreciation: Among the community leaders who visited the teachers today, were Bah George B. Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi.
On the other hand, Saunihi Patwet took two wickets in 7 overs.
The election will be held on 23 November 2023 in Sepang, Malaysia.
He urged and encouraged his fellow farmers to work hard, to be successful and also to find sustainable and modern farming methods so that they can earn money and take over the farming. riang as a source of income and at the same time to provide employment to the youth and fellow farmers.
Don't worry if you don't have the right to vote, because there is an MLA scheme, which has been implemented, which we all see.
This will help reduce stress and anxiety.
The Income Tax Department has acknowledged that this is the highest seizure in the country.
Shillong, July 21 : The BSF Meghalaya on Tuesday seized sarees worth more than Rs 24 lakh from the border of East Khasi Hills, Meghalaya. .
Shillong: The BJP Meghalaya has demanded the resignation of the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui for his failure to curb the illegal coal trade in the state. The death of six coal miners who died after falling into a pit in East Jaintia Hills District, on 22nd July
Exodus 20:20.
The HNLC has also criticized Ma Rymbui's statement that the illegal mining of coal is well known and the HNLC has alleged that the UDP and NPP have collected thousands of rupees. Former HNLC members, a former SOT policeman and policemen collected T.1,000 to T.5,000 from the police. one truck at a time.
I think he too will have to go down in history and give me a clear example of such an incident in the history of the country, and according to my own knowledge there has never been any history that has happened since the first day we got our independence until now whether it has been in any country. the state or even the central government in Delhi.
It is also important to understand the types of toothbrushes you are purchasing and read the packaging labels carefully before making a purchase decision.
He recalled that the party has won part of its armed struggle by persuading the government to strengthen the powers of the Nokma and District Council.
Shillong, July 3: Police today rescued a 5-year-old child from the hands of a knife who kidnapped him from Pynthorbah on 19th June
These leaders said that the meeting was very fruitful as all these parties discussed many issues.
On this occasion, u ma LD Lakiang urged the new office bearers to be responsible and serve the community without expecting reward and to work hard for the good of the community. of the country and the nation.
Shillong, Jymmang: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sibhi Chakravarty Sadhu, who is also the District Election Officer (DEO), has issued an order ban ban the sale of liquor in the district on the 25th, 26th and 26th of this month. 27th of this month and on the 2nd of October which is the new polling day.
For now, I will not take the time to explain in detail the meaning of the book I have mentioned above, but let the book speak for itself.
Great Mercy Langte also competed for Miss Popular of the Fashion Wizard Mega Model Hunt of India last year and became the model of Loreal Company.
It may be recalled that a few months ago, the government had announced that it had increased the price of taxis. The price of T.10 tyngka was increased even though the people came nearby.
In the second match, Dkhiah West SC beat Wapung Combine SC 7-1. Russia Dkhar scored a hat-trick by scoring four goals in the 17th and 24th minutes. , 60 and
In the second match, Dhana SC beat R.Wahshnong SC 2-1. Apphira Sumer scored the goals in the 47th minute and Harita Suchen in the 68th minute. Rajesh Lyngdoh scored the first goal for R. Wahshnong SC in the 72nd minute.
In the recently concluded Budget Session, Congress MLAs also participated well in the House and raised the issues faced by the people as well as ideas to improve the working methods of the State Government for the benefit of the State Government. the public.
¢Do not replace signals (fuses) or MCBs in the house if they fail without investigating the cause.
Through the video, it was shown that illegal mining and quarrying of coal is still going on in various districts like West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills, East Jaintia Hills and South Garo Hills.
Voting is the right of all voters granted by the Constitution of India to cast only one vote each, not more.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 09: Dharshnana Jardosh, Union Minister of State for Railways and Textiles, today visited Diwon village in Umden area of ​​Ri Bhoi district to discuss the issue of to meet separately with the garment manufacturers and manufacturers as part of collecting information on whether they have received the assistance provided by the Central Government.
Prestone said that Pynursla area has become a city and has increased in population so the village leaders should think about having a garbage dump according to the times. He urged the village leaders to cooperate in getting a garbage dump in Pynursla.
He also urged the school children and all the youth to avoid drugs, as any youth who becomes addicted to this kind of drink will be looked down upon and excluded from the society.
The full budget for the year 2020-21 will be presented at this meeting, for the smooth running of the council, along with other issues to discuss pending bills and other issues affecting the council. you nation.
Anxiety robs us of our joy, saps our strength and slows down our spiritual growth and worst of all dishonors God.
This has been in effect for decades now and is implemented by governments.
“In our investigation, we have learned that there are several cases pending in the Court of District Judge, Shillong regarding the Eviction Notice issued to private individuals living in portions of this land (about 200 to 500 sq ft each) under the provisions of Section 5 of the Eviction Act, 1971 by the Estate Officer, Guwahati.
“These robbers placed these items in a high security area, where they made a 16.5 feet long tyllai from a sleeping bag,” said Bah Syiem.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its strong opposition to the government's decision to hold the municipal elections.
Speaking to media in Imphal, one of the MLAs said that they had met with the Home Minister, Amit Shah, in which they had a meeting. They were invited by the Shah and the Naga MLAs went to meet Amit Shah.
Other signs of infection include injections into the skin using used thyrnia, blades that can cause skin infections and others. .
Heipormi Lyngdoh took two wickets for Secretariat.
To complete the qualifying of the teams, the LSC has done it in two parts, for the first round or the Pre-Quarter Final, generate a fixture through the “ Tournament Manager Mobile App" where the Committee will be able to provide updates on the progress and to publish information or news about the Tournament.
The Children's Dorbar, which has its own office bearers, is located at Mawlatbah Village in Mawkynrew Block, East Khasi Hills District.
He said that many youths in these days have become addicted to drugs and this addiction has caused many families to suffer, how to do and some are surprised. The lack of time for children to attend school and the lack of time for parents to teach and train their children has led to such evils to fall into them and when they fall into them it is difficult for them to kill. to my chain.
(Dr.) BD Mishra (Retd.) was the Chief Guest and the Chief Secretary of the State, Bah Donald P. Wahlang was the Chief Guest.
Along with the Director, other officers from the Department of Agriculture-Monitoring and Evaluation Officer; Research Officer (Statistics) together with Branch Manager of Meghalaya Rural Bank, Mairang were also present on the occasion.
He strongly criticized the Police Enforcement of KHADC and the district authorities who came to accompany the sectors. Officer from the SP Office to take action against these illegal smugglers.
In the Under-16 (boys) 200m, Embhahlang Lyngdoh of East Khasi Hills (00:00:37.31) won the gold medal. Dangiaidlynti Tmung from Ri Bhoi (00:00:38.16) won the bronze medal.
The two bodies include one of a 30-year-old woman and the other of a 30-year-old man.
In a statement to the State Government and the Government of India, the KSU said, “We are ready to shed blood, to stand by fire or blood and even to take up arms if demanded. and if the Government authorities wish to exercise authority in this regard.
He advised them to find ways and means to plant more crops such as slasha and other crops according to the conditions of the land which can be of great benefit to the farmer.
Candidates who have passed the recruitment examination should report to the above mentioned offices on 24-25 November 2020, to get detailed information on their appointment, training venue and others. item.
Many speakers on the occasion, including the Chairman of the Executive Committee, Bah AL Thangkhiew, Bah Nathaniel Thangkhiew, General Secretary Bah Fabian Thangkhiew, Bah R Thangkhiew, Bah MFJ Wahlang gave their congratulations. These athletes will represent the village, the state and India as a whole in the International Championship to be held in Turkey.
On another occasion, when she went to meet him wearing a T-shirt, he touched her shadem, she said.
Similarly, the Pnar villages in Block-I should return if the border settlement between the two states goes ahead, as they have evidence through documents.
Shortly after, it was learned that another meeting was held between the leaders of these two groups today, and it was said that they agreed to maintain peace and order in the country. They have also set up a committee to maintain peace and it has been decided that shops in Jhalupara will not be allowed to open at night beyond 10 pm.
At 4 pm there was a beauty contest called Tura Winter Queen and there was also a costume show where the costumes were dressed by the skilled costume designers of the area.
Regarding the spread of dead cows, the War East Elaka Satpator Fishing and Environmental Protection Association (WEESFEPA), Muktapur has banned the spread of dead cows or animals in the Lakroh River. you are my branch.
Among these rebel groups operating in the state include the Hynniewtrep National Volunteer Council (HNLC), the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA), the Achik National Volunteer Council (ANVC), the ANBC-B. , the Achik Songa An Panchakgipa Kotok (ASAK), the United Achik Liberation Army (UALA), the Achik National Liberation Army (ANLA) the Achik national Liberation Coopertaive Army (ANLCA), the Liberation of Achik Elite Force (LAEF) and the Achik Tiger Force (ATF) and the Achik National United Force (ANUF).
According to information received, these firearms were seized from a forest in Sikaridanga village, Udalguri district of Assam.
Shillong, March 20: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) on Friday turned to the Secretariat to demand that the government should introduce the State Employment Policy in the state. Private companies and all types of jobs in the State shall be reserved exclusively for indigenous people.
As of Friday, Assam has won 53 medals, 26 gold, 16 silver and 11 bronze.
With doubt or distrust of the decision, he went to the International Hospital (formerly), Guwahati to get a clean decision. I asked who was sick of you who came here. He said that he didn't have any problems with the man, although he didn't look at the reports from Shillong but he did other tests and when they were done, he said that he didn't have any problems. The test shows that these drugs will not be used anymore.
Once he leveled 3-3 and surged into a 4-0 lead in the decider, the match went only one way.
From the speech of the Corp leader, it is understood that the union is ready to forgive if there is any mistake, but if they don't want to reach an understanding or mutual forgiveness, the union doesn't mind. However, the party is ready to follow if they lead to anything, he added.
He said that no casualties were reported in the incident, but all the belongings of the house were burnt down.
The training was conducted with the support of the office of the District Social Welfare Officer, West Jaintia Hills District on 5th November. Community Health Officer Nartiang PHC, S Lapasam Lady Health Visitor, Nartiang PHC who are the experts, Father Becare Orlando Dkhar Principal St. Joseph Secondary School.
Shillong: “Those who violate the rights of mothers are those who attack their own homes,” said Bah HS Shylla Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). (1st Amendment) Bill 2015 and KHAD (2nd Amendment) Bill 2018 which repealed the 1st Amendment but amended the 2nd Amendment to 1st Amendment.
The MDC said that the raid was conducted in collaboration with the village authorities and the raid will continue in the next few days to other places.
According to Bah Pasi, the most important thing for the district council to pass a law is on the marriage which affects the Khasi community from the unclean marriage.
The group also aims to recruit about 1,500 members whom it plans to send to Nagaland for training.
When the Excise Police saw these drugs in the shop of this man, they informed the Jowai Police for their cooperation as they may be drugs.
150 mohkhiew, 150 rose cans, 150 secateurs, 150 rashi, and others were distributed to 225 farmers of Ummulong village who attended the training. .
Regarding the robbery, the owners of these vehicles have lodged a complaint at Khanapara Police Station, so that the police can investigate and arrest the robbers.
The SP Traffic, Bah BJ Laloo, recalled the order issued by the police regarding the setting up of car manufacturing factories along the road and the design of loud speakers. LED vehicles. They were ordered to remove them or they will be fined and arrested.
Therefore, we need to be renewed by taking and remembering these parts that Christ Himself has taught from time to time.
Speeches were also delivered by HL Nongsiang, Chief Adviser of the NPP Mawshynrut, Morningstar Mawsor, former MDC Mawshynrut, party leaders from Shillong and Mawshynrut and others.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Lui Lyngdoh, General Secretary of FKJGP, NKHD, said that when the FKJGP leaders inquired from the drivers of these trucks, they received information that these cows belonged to Kong Menika. from Laitlyngkot and Baily from Guwahati, where the total number of cows seized has reached
The blueprint was issued after the government immediately rejected the HPC's proposal to allocate 200 square meters of land to these 342 households and that land should also be within the European Ward.
Chief Guest Wailadmiki Shylla in his speech praised the services of NEAM to the people in the field of health.
Besides awarding the best students, the Seng Kynthei, also awarded Kong Sweetymon Rynjah and Kong Silbi Passah, who have contributed to the development of literacy, the song and the siaw, the put and the tem.
The President's office will have to appeal within two months against the decision in court, but if he does not listen, he will be fined.
Frontline, the shipbuilding company, has denied that the Altair has sunk, saying it was a ship that was launched in
The sheep are weak, gentle, and weak.
“For now, we rely on the authority of the law to do what is necessary, but if the authority of the law does not find, we too will have to think of other measures so that these misleading practices will not happen again. from now on," the union leader said.
However, he said that if anyone finds this allegation, they should hand it over to the law enforcement authorities and not take the law into their own hands. The video is spreading widely.
Shillong, Nailar 10 : The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbuid, on Tuesday said that the police will arrest those involved in drug trafficking across the state.
Bah Midnight led the Kharlukhi clan as Minister of State.
This blockade of these trucks has caused a heavy traffic jam in which the passengers have had to stay on the road without food or drink and in the cold.
Dr. H. Carehome Pakynteiñ has also received awards and recognitions for his work in medicine and medicine from the Indian Board of Alternative Medicine Calcutta. and Members Secretary BRBC, Meghalaya and other certificates he has attended the meetings In previous years, the cost of medicines was high, but as the daily salary of the pharmacists had decreased, it was said that he had to charge 3000 tyngka per medicine for any disease.
“It has made me understand that there will be attempts to send me to contest the election from Mawryngkneng but that may be just someone's imagination because it is without There is no one who has told me and I have never given that decision to be made by me.
“This means: on the 22nd of June, KHNAM MLA Adelbert Nongrum did something wrong.
The Seng HITO-EJH can no longer just watch or listen to what has happened in many discussions through the media regarding the garbage in Jowai which has shaken the entire State from the government, The relevant authorities, the districts, the villages where there have been many protests from many sides.
Shillong, Nailur 3: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided to send three party members to discuss with Mukul Sangma on the need to introduce the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
Speaking to media, Chatrath said the Congress party will contest from 60 constituencies.
According to him, the Sengbhalang or anyone else should leave such a matter to the discretion of the Government.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the Congress party should not blame the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government for the decision taken by the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government. It is related to the settlement of the border between Assam and Meghalaya, because although it has had many opportunities, it has not taken action on this issue.
With this victory, Conrad will replace his father Purno A Sangma.
If Sidda leads the Congress government this time, it will be the second time he will take over the post of Chief Minister, after completing the post in 2013-2 He has been the Finance Minister of the Karnataka government for 13 times and became the first MLA in
Shillong: A meeting of SSA teachers under the banner of the Mairang Block Unit will be held on the 21st of this month at 10:30 am at Pyndengumiong Presbyterian Secondary School, Mairang.
Criticizing the NDA government led by Narendra Modi, Gourab said that the NDA government, which has been in power for three years, has three important issues before the people and they are , “to destroy, to destroy and to destroy”.
Through this Rozgar Mela programme, the Ministry of Home Affairs has recruited youth in various CAPFs such as CRPF, BSF, Shashtra Seema Bal (SSB), Assam Rifles, CISF, ITBP and Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) as well as Delhi Police.
He said he is surprised how they have misled and protected him by accusing him (Dr Mukul) in fact they should have investigated thoroughly from the Prime Minister.
It is time to leave or die.
The video, which was posted on social media, shows the police having to accompany the Sordar to leave the dorbar hall and get into the car after he was blocked. to the members of the council.
Although the police knew that they were not Assamese, when they arrested them, they could not arrest them because they had documents to prove that they lived in Assam.
“The Lyngdoh of the Hima, G.Allan Lyngdoh, has tried to ask for this donation but I as the Rangbah Shnong don't accept to give this money without the decision of the villagers. “I have decided to remove me as Rangbah Shnong,” he said.
When asked about the visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the 16th of this month, Shibun said that the visit of the Prime Minister will have many announcements for Meghalaya. as it is one of the states which is far behind compared to other states of the country.
Khliehriat rymphang 3 : People including children, youth, elderly and elderly, from different villages, near and far, today came to enjoy themselves with the nature at the third festival. The festival was organized and organized by the Sonapyrdi Tourism and Economic Development Society (STEDS).
United SC Kolkata won the title after scoring three goals against Khliehmawlieh YC, a team from Nongstoiñ. They have qualified for the quarter finals of the tournament.
He said the contest for the MLA election has ended today, the light will come from now on to forget the darkness.
He said the Election Department of Meghalaya and Assam have also worked together to prevent people from having two EPCI cards especially those living on the border of these two states.
In our brief vision, this is the Reservation Policy.
“I have called the Head Officers of various departments and directed them to visit the school and submit the report to him within two days,” he said. judge and do what is necessary.
The union said that for about two months now, the Assam police who have been staying since 2023 in the border areas between Lapangap and Tahpat villages have started searching and collecting taxes from the Pnar people who pass through the country. vehicles with registration numbers of Meghalaya, while vehicles without license and registration are charged between 500 and 1000 tyngka.
“We don't feel like doing anything, we feel like being in the RDA first,” said Samlin.
There are two examples given and they accuse Modi and his actions and urge to support the Congress party and Rahul Gandhi.
“If you buy a car for the first husband, you must also buy the second or third or fourth, if you buy the first husband you have to do the same to the others, if you buy gold you have to do the same. and others also,” said Shabong.
There are 36 recoveries from the disease.
It is a shameful thing if they despise their daughters with their own flesh and blood.
On the other hand, the Principal Secretary to Social Welfare, Sampath Kumar, said that this has happened because the department has to submit a report to the four Ministries of the Government of India including the Ministry of Women and “We have a small Directorate, and that is why we need to strengthen the Directorate.
The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) in collaboration with the Sports & Youth Affairs Department of the State Government has announced the launch of the Elite Pathway Training 2nd Camp. , which was held on the 17th and 19th of this month at JN Stadium, Polo Shillong.
The SSSS has appointed Van Shan Borlang Buhphang as Chairman, Ban Phrang Syiem as Vice Chairman and Realverson Syiem as Vice Chairman. Secretary E Warjri and Information Secretary Welfrank Thongni.
On the 5th of November, the teachers will gather in Shillong, as that day will be the special day of teachers in the country.
My Queen of Bania".
The Government on this occasion has decided to celebrate the 75th Anniversary of Independence by laying flowers to U Kiang Nangbah. at the monument of Kiang Nangbah at Mooliksoo and with a prayer.
He said the eight persons have been taken to court for trial and charged under the IPC, kidnapping, child abuse and other sections.
The elections have now been held separately, where the Lok Sabha elections have their own timetable and the elections to the State Legislative Assemblies have their own expiration dates. there is no tyllun in this distance.
Assam topped the list with 71 gold medals and Manipur came second with 68 gold medals.
It is located in West Jaintia Hills, Meghalaya, 55 km from the district capital Jowai and about 84 km from Shillong.
Out of all these children, 20 girls have been selected to attend the training school for full training.
He said that it is not the first time that there is no doctor at PHC Mawryngkneng but it happens from time to time.
He was scheduled to attend a program of the Thangram Indigenous People's Movement (TIPM), a group of Zo people living in Assam on the border with Mizoram.
On the demand of the SNSBH to release MUDA from the areas under the jurisdiction of the Autonomous District Council (ADC), Dr Mukul said the government will look into it and set up a body. “We will invite the ADCs, Rangbah Shnongs and others to discuss this issue,” said Dr. Mukul Sangma.
They said that they fled in fear and humiliation and took them to St. Joseph Dispensary of the Sisters. power.
“The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance” 2 Peter :9.
