When contacted by the officers in charge of relief measures for the families affected by such a natural disaster, they said that the process is long and difficult and not easy. They don't give money, even when they see that the house is destroyed.
When asked which dewbilat companies have increased the price, the GS said that all the companies in the state, except MCCL, have tried to follow suit.
The HNYF leader in Ri Bhoi, said that the party cannot accept that foreigners should come to the state and especially after it was found that these foreigners, intend to to bring about ethnic differences while the state is still in peace, who took advantage of the incident in Itchamati.
The Services team has reached the final with 12 players in 13 matches and has won 10 out of these
The Common Platform was conducted by Rupaia Lamar and before the speeches of the candidates, a draw was held according to the numbers they received. The UDP has Daniel Dan of the INC, Wailadmiki Shylla of the NPP, Allan K. Suchiang of the BJP and Awhai Andrew Shullai.
With this victory, Shillong Lajong have now faced four draws and this victory from the four matches they have already played.
The Seng has met with the MeECL officials on 6th June, 2014 regarding this issue and the officials of the department have ordered that a transformer should be installed in the village.
Shillong: Grace Mary Kharpuri, MDC from Nongshken constituency, who is also the President of the Women's Wing of the PDF, has alleged that the PDF leader and CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, has threatened her. When she asked why he had taken over the Forest Department which she held during her tenure as Executive Member.
(iii) Responsible work does not mean wasting one's income, energy and time.
Nongpoh: Umrit Sports Club, Umrit Sports Club, have won their first title in the MLA Cup Football Tournament 2022 at the Western Ri Bhoi Stadium, after beating of Patharkhmah Sports Club.
He said that the KSU has often demanded that the state government should set up a Police Outpost in Ummat, to prevent the attack by these insurgents. These areas have been destroyed, who can take care of them?
On this second night, until the morning, the sky will not sleep.
The AICC General Secretary Manish Chatrath on Friday expressed confidence that the Congress party will win the 2023 Lok Sabha elections in Meghalaya. from all four seats, Shillong and Tura.
Shillong, Naitung 11 : The residents of Langkyrding Mihngi village on Saturday held a public meeting and signed a petition to demand the relocation of the Firing Range of the Border Security Force. Force (BSF) in the middle of the village.
What we can do now is to work for ourselves.
“We demand that they immediately apologize and reject this demand from the BJP and free the people of the North East from the dangers of their special snap,” they said.
The pleasures of the world are one of the reasons why many fall, and misuse the good spirit like a stick.
At the time of writing, the reason for the arrest of the former MLA is still unknown.
He said that there are many documents to be completed, various inspections as well as Social Audit.
During the raid, many rnga burning and throwing places were also found along the road from Mawlieh to Rambrai. The smugglers have hidden away from the road in the forest areas to avoid being arrested by the department.
When asked about the plants he uses, Bah Donbor, one of the Khasi medicine practitioners in Mawpyut, West Jaintia Hills, said that there are plants which he has to cultivate himself, and there are also plants which he uses. There are other kinds of medicines that can be bought.
The NGT ban on coal mining has shocked the traders and owners of coal as it has severely affected their income.
“I mean, it's based on the 33% share for women," he added.
The program was attended by Bah B.Dewsaw Acting Syiem, Rangbah Shnong, Rangsan Sohmat, Principal of Malai Sohmat Higher Secondary School, Rangsan Sohmat. Luckystar Lyngkhoi and Denishan Iawrod (NYVs Mawsynram Block) and others.
The Sengkhihlang also requests the Presidents/Secretaries of the Sengkhasi/Seiñ Raij Departments and Circles of various Sengkhasi Departments to release this date as mentioned above. Shad Suk Mynsiem in the country of 30 Syiems and Shad Sukra in the Seiñ Raij branches of Ri Lum 12 Daloi so that this Lympung will be a successful one on this day.
The government should be commended for taking this step to resolve the border issue between Assam and Meghalaya. those who live in the border areas during the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya.
She said that volunteers can provide services only for 2 years and after 2 years others have to be allowed to do this work. There is a need for the training of staff in order to strengthen the quality of health care to the public.
“Tomorrow we will hold a meeting of the Regional Committees to discuss the boundary settlement.
For the first time, through the request of the Secretary of the Seng Kur Warjri, Bah Sunshine Warjri, the Seng Kur Warjri has donated food items and clothes for the month. Every Home Crusade of India.
There were some young people who asked questions which they did not understand.
“When I lost by 15 votes, as a candidate and my supporters, we were not happy because until the sixth round I won by 437 votes, but in the sixth round, I lost only 11 votes and 4 votes. “It's the postal ballot, that's why I want to vote again,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 31: Police have launched an investigation into the death of Wandarihun Mawlong from Umlyngka but are still waiting for the post mortem report to confirm the cause of her death.
The strong efforts of Bah Powell Sohklet as appeared in the newspapers and other fellow countrymen on social media to support the insult to the Jaitbynriew and to defend this insult against the Jaitbynriew is clear. It is true that if we are insulted and insulted by our Jaitbynriew, they are happy but if there are those who criticize those who insult our Jaitbynriew Hynniewtrep, they will come out with anger to condemn the speaker. against and as much as possible to protect and strengthen even though it has been obvious in the heat and in the light.
The song is sung by Pushparani, music director is Rahul Blue and guitarist is Reget and composed by Dalom Gurumayum.
Those who wish to attend the training must be from 18 to 45 years of age and those who attend the training must be able to write Khasi and no higher education is required. and those who come to be trained shall receive free training, food and accommodation and shall be allocated separately for women and men.
However, at the same time, he said that the door is open if any party wants the party's assistance for the seat.
The meeting also decided to authorize the Steering Committee to look into and advise the KHADC if necessary and also submitted a request to the CEM of the time to inform the Kurs so that they can work properly. However, they did not receive any reply to the Bill, but they alleged that it was taken straight to the Iing Dorbar for passage.
The Minister also informed that the Cabinet has approved to amend the Meghalaya Agriculture, Engineering and Medical Rules with the aim of increasing the promotion rate in the respective departments from 25% to 30%. .
Nongpoh: Hundreds of members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) from different Circles and Units, along with several leaders in Ri Bhoi District, today announced that they have left the party. as leaders and members of the HYC in Ri Bhoi.
Shillong, Naitung 3 : The High Level Committee (HLC) led by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday met to follow up on the progress of the Urban and Municipal Affairs Department. Blueprint for the relocation of 342 Harijan households from Mawlong Market.
Although about 81 percent of the population depends on agriculture, the arable land is only 9.87 percent of the total arable land in the state.
Mawlai, who are in first place, have 15 points without losing in their last 10 matches.
The four MLAs who have been suspended since 27th June 2022 are Ampareen Lyngdoh MLA East Shillong, Mayralbord Syiem MLA Nongpoh, PT Sawkmie MLA Mawlai, Mohendro Rapsang MLA West Shillong and Kimfa S. Marbaniang MLA of Rambrai.
The winners in the 400m race for women trainers were Phailinda Lyngdoh Marshilong second, Mancyfull Lyngdoh Sangriang second and Dishalin L. Sangriang third.
The Waheh Shnong of Panaliar, Riquoma Rq.Laloo in his speech said that all kinds of sports are necessary because they help and improve health.
He said that the association has also met with the Minister of Sports to request for financial assistance and he is pleased that the Minister has promised to provide assistance to the association through the sports department. The association has allocated Rs 6 lakh.
Regarding the reports that 65-year-old Mailibon Sayoo Sutnga was shot dead in Barato, it was clarified that it was not in Maitdein.
Therefore, as leaders when speaking, we should know exactly what we are talking about before speaking, not to just slander but out of their mouths, because many leaders in the state when opposing any issue ( Their issue, their accusation is that we are doing political tricks.
The first match of the women's category will be between All-Stars FC and Lyngngam FC at 9 pm.
The plaintiff believes that the decision is inconsistent and misleading.
Witting Mawsor, former MLA has donated T.50,000/- and 9 bands of tin tap for the repair of the LP school. MDC Morningstar Mawsor has donated T.1 lakh for the needs of the LP school. Gigur Myrthong, MLA/MDC donated T.1.5 lakh for the LP School and T.50,000/- for the football ground while MP Vincent Pala donated T.50,000/- for the LP School. T.85,000/- for the village sports ground.
Rae Bareli: The Panchayat elections are underway in Uttar Pradesh and the candidates are preparing for victory.
The Pro-Vice Chancellor, Prof Henry Lamin, first appeared at the venue, but later they met with the Pro-Vice Chancellor, Prof Henry Lamin. Vice Chancellor.
The SJKNSPA has threatened to stage a protest if the KHADC delays in issuing the NOC to the government for the construction of the two lane road from Nongstoin to Mawthabah.
It will be discussed how this happens during the MDC, MLA and MP elections.
Seiñ Jait Tuber Higher Secondary School and Cham-Cham Secondary School have won the title of champions in the Chief Minister District Level Inter School Athletic Meet ), in collaboration with the WJDSA at Teilang Dkhiah Stadium on Friday.
The reason for their loss of life is because they have taken loans from banks or private individuals, but due to lack of equality, they understand that they can no longer repay the loan and therefore they choose to leave. by way of suicide.
These days it is difficult to set up a newspaper because the cost is very high from the expensive machines compared to the past when the machines were cheaper.
The Learning Links Foundation is proud to have partnered with the Directorate of School Education and Literacy (DoSEL), SSA-SEMAM of the Government of Meghalaya to achieve this goal and to expand its activities to others. District in the State.
Nongstoiñ November 14: Although the government and law enforcement agencies are still fighting to curb the smuggling of drugs, the rapid spread of this illegal drug is like a fire in the summer.
The opposition, including the BNP, has strongly opposed the use of EVMs on polling day and therefore, this time, ballot papers will be used in all 300 constituencies. , said the Bangladesh Election Commission in Dhaka.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma on Tuesday signed a memorandum of understanding with Defense Minister Amit Shah. to end the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam which has lasted for nearly 50 years.
Finally, the HNYF would like to thank all those who have contributed.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today conducted a surprise raid at Iewduh.
"Now the investigation is over and if it is not true, it doesn't mean that he has to know the terms of reference," James said.
For constables, he said the extension has been set from 18 years to 21+5 years, which means up to 26 years.
Since the establishment of the Seng Khasi, the Kurs in the country have been encouraged to reflect on religion, customs and rights as usual.
He said that they can say that Prestone will go to Delhi with the Governor, but the main thing is that if the Prime Minister goes to Delhi, it will be more comfortable. .
These children have requested the state government to take action to look after them so that their visit to their homes will not be affected.
“The Minister of Home Affairs is not aware of this and has said that she will seek information from the department,” said the president of the KSU. The National Population Register Biometric Enrollment Plan is the same as Aadhar or Aadhar registration, or Unique Identity Number (UIN).
However, it was found that the signature of the DC was stolen by the person himself along with the number of the letter he signed.
The purpose of these vehicles is to provide more vehicles for the public to travel and to make it easier for them to get vehicles to ride.
“We cannot take this path because the MDA-2 government has not done anything on the letter sent by the VPP to demand a special session,” said Bah Batskhem.
Shillong, November 6: The ruling Congress in the state and district councils is in doubt to announce the date of the MDC elections in the state as the Constituency Division Bill is still pending.
Jowai, June 26: The Shad Sukra of the Sieñ Raij Ialong has come to an end on the 26th of this month. Urban Affairs Department and Sniawbhalang Dhar.
MFC won the match 2-0
The Chairman of the Seng Samla Lum Marboh, Bah S.Jungai gave words of encouragement to the members of the Seng Samla Lum Marboh who have been willing to take responsibility to look after the welfare and to support the the problems of the neighborhood and the village as a whole.
He concluded his speech by encouraging them to come forward without fear of receiving assistance from the police, courts or government departments if they are persecuted or attacked.
But that the prophecies of the Bible may be fulfilled.
On the 14th of this month, the government has invited us to discuss how to clean up our rivers and streams in Shillong – the Umkhrah, Umshyrpi and Umkhen rivers.
Shillong, June 06: The first Dorbar Bah of the Kur Ryntathiang in Ri Khasi Jaintia District was held on 24th October, 2016 at Marpna Village, East Khasi Hills District. Hea Dingson Ryntathiang on receiving the National Award in Delhi on 17th July, 2016 from the hands of the Chief Election Commissioner of the country as one of the National Icons for his contribution to the country. Election Commission.
The Umsning MLA raised the question in the Legislative Assembly during the Question Hour on Tuesday.
In this regard, the FKJGP Aradonga area unit together with the GSU Regional unit and the elders of Athiabari have held a meeting to discuss the arrival of the people of Assam.
Earlier, the state government had decided to maintain the situation as it was in Umsawli.
Shillong: The handshake between the Congress and the BJP has continued over the purchase of Rafael fighter jets.
The couple has come to light in recent days after being spotted spending time in Mumbai.
We may wonder and ask ourselves why we have protested, but that flow of mynder has not stopped? Perhaps, the answer to this question is that we do not have those strong laws to protect our unique and small nation.
When contacted by Maphor, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, President of the HYC, said that in fact, the Bill introduced by Bah Adelbert is very good and should be taken as an example in the implementation of the Bill. The reservation policy is because there is no ethnic distinction between Garo and Khasi but those who pass well in class 12 will be able to study from the state quota.
Meghalaya has reported 733 deaths from COVID-19 with 06 deaths on Tuesday.
According to reports from the farmers, the incident happened at 2.00 pm after a heavy rainfall. shot noh was carried away by the water.
However, the Speaker AT Mondal said that he would look into the request of the member of the House.
“This statement comes from the Congress because it is now clear that there are three or four Congress parties which have split,” he said.
He passed away on the 7th of November 2020 at 6:50 pm.
On the other hand, the ARPA CEM said that they cannot accept the government's action and strongly oppose the resignation of the MDCs. Pangniang said that the MDC has resigned due to the differences between the three parties to appoint a person from their party until they can no longer take a decision. He admitted that it was because of his confidence that there were 17 members, without thinking that two of them would leave.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said, “We are pleased to have been able to conduct a program to provide financial assistance and distribution of foodgrains to farmers, self-help groups and they went out into the villages.
On the same day, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, also handed over a work order of 4 lakh tyngka under the SRWP scheme, which is also for the improvement of the Auditorium Hall. The CE Society of this village has donated about 80,000 tyngka through the IACDP scheme for the purchase of equipment for the youth.
Many of the leaders don't know and don't understand what the people decide until the polling stations are opened on the day of the election.
All those who attended this chekup have also received medicines.
Besides Prof. Sherwin, Rakkam said that former Chairman of the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC), Prof. David R. Syiemlieh, retired IFS officer and former Executive Chairman of MBoSE, Tony TC Marak, They will be the advisors to the Commission, while the Secretary to the Ministry of Education, Ambrose Ch.
(iv) employees in the State do not receive leave such as casual leave, earned leave, medical leave and others.
Shillong, Lber 16: The Chief Minister of Nagaland, Neiphiu Rio, on Tuesday said that the North East is still lagging behind in the last 50 years under the rule of the Congress.
He said the load ranges from 12 tonnes to 18 tonnes but there are cases where trucks carry up to 35-40 tonnes.
For more information, please contact the elders of Nongdaju, (1) Bah Dabit Nianglang, (2) Bah Leaderson Amora and (3) Bah H. Gephrin Ryntong.
Former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee passed away recently in New Delhi.
Programs such as the Floriculture Development Scheme and the Prime Scheme bolster commercial floriculture and market to benefit women.
Earlier, opening the meeting, Kong Ampareen said that the job of becoming a veterinarian is not a dream but a demand of the job.
Conrad and other elected MPs were sworn in by the Speaker of Parliament Sumitra Mahajan on the first day of the first session of Parliament.
However, according to the Minister, the Riwar area, which is famous for its sweet and clean sohniamtra, has not appeared on this export list.
There are 35 households in the better class while 112 households in the poor.
“Out of the 13 km, only 6.5 km has been completed,” said Bah Sumer.
S.Kharkongor scored 14 goals for Langsning (M. Kharbudnah 29.42), B. Rynjah 35. R. Kharumnuid 39. D. Kharkrang 48. W. Majaw 56. Thabah 60) (F.Warjri 61).
The fire broke out at around 11 pm when the fire destroyed all the belongings inside the Rabon Store owned by Fatima Rabon and Bikas Langbang.
The NPP has confirmed 9 units in Jaiaw Circle in the presence of party leaders including Bah Bajop Pyngrope, Bah Mayborn Rapthap, Prof.D War, Wanlamphrang Kharmujai and others. and others.
In the women's category, Eshalina Suwer, Sawarisa Passah came second and Ewetsa Passah came third while Ram Passah came second, Sahamewan Paswet came second and Rapsien Kyndiah came third.
V.The children of their parents, With harsh words they turn away;
Last month, Meghalaya Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma said there would be no talks with the armed group.
He said the officers will have the opportunity to study at universities, IIMs and other institutions that offer higher degrees and diplomas.
He also worked for 2 years in Mumbai at Bharat Serums Vaccine Private Limited as a Medical Specialist and Medical Adviser.
This is the promise that the Trinamool Congress has given you,” he said.
Shillong: There have been 32 new cases of coronavirus in Meghalaya today, while 32 new cases have been confirmed today.
Quest: The quest is to search through the raieh raidam.
She said that the clothes vendors in the market have lodged a complaint with the District Council where the EM of Trade and Industry, Bah James Sylliang, has promised to stop the project. shop in the area.
Through the railway, it is clear that foreigners and authorities can easily enter the state.
The decision of the Supreme Court, which consists of five judges, who specialize in cases relating to the Constitution of India, is on a case against the 103rd Constitutional Amendment of the Constitution of India. Government of India.
The MLA of Umsning promised to continue to work together and to take action to talk to the government authorities on the issue. The shortcomings of the school, as the existence of this school is the goal to improve the education of the children in the village and the area, he added.
He is a man who supports especially the players who come from poor families.
Speaking to reporters, AICC National Spokesperson Alka Lamba has criticized the BJP, the party in the MDA coalition government. Some of the issues including unemployment have been addressed by the government.
In the village, there are 157 households who have received ration cards from the Government of India, 8 Non-NFSA, 5 AAY, 144 PHH and 62 households without ration cards.
The decision to write to the government to set up an Expert Committee is only the beginning.
Police and KSU members rushed to the scene at 3:00 pm and rescued them at 4:00 pm.
There have been many incidents where lyngkar robbers have robbed young people inside their vehicles even inside the villages.
The day was enriched by traditional songs and dances among others, and there was also a ceremony to honor one of the students who came first in the SSLC this year.
Four women who had robbed the police while they were on duty were taken to the police station after the raid.
The PMGSY road constructed by Assam is ongoing from Amring to Narling and will reach Umshalini.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, Prestone said the OM has made it clear that the age limit for all government jobs has been increased to 32+5 years, which means up to 37 years. of age.
The officer has been charged under the Prevention of Corruption Act and is being investigated by the Crime Investigation Department.
While other candidates did not have much contest except in a few constituencies, the UDP, NPP and Congress did not have much contest in the Sohiong constituency.
The Dorbar Shnong, Jowai together with the Tympang Club, Jowai have decided to hold a common platform for the candidates for the 2-Jowai LA Constituency.
From Nongmensong through Demseiniong, Polo, IGP, Kachari.
However, due to the low number of candidates as announced in the past few days, the office has postponed the deadline for registration until 5th January,
They were taken to CHC Shella for treatment while Denglang Diengdoh was taken to Civil Hospital Shillong for further treatment.
The RBSU today expressed its deep concern over the increasing number of mobile towers in the country. The district especially in those public places including schools, churches and health centers as the presence of illegal mobile towers can seriously affect the health of the people.
The place where Jesus was crucified was the most terrible.
This year's election in all the constituencies was very smooth and easy and the total turnout was 85.187 percent male and 85.988 percent female. by 85.601 percent.
“We will work fairly, we will urge the government to make more laws to protect us,” said Bah Aiborsing. awareness in many needs.
When asked whether the Raid encourages other Raids to cooperate in the preservation of these forests, Bah Riban said, “On our part, as Raids, we related to the Raid Mawja and other Raids.
South Korea's military has fired the same types of missiles in the past, while North Korea has repeatedly announced that it is trying to launch. to your new names.
K Sangma, Robinson A. Aarengh, Sonu M. Aarengh, Abmell K. Marak, Harkison R. Marak and Nathil K. Monin, who was also temporarily arrested but has now disappeared. and the people of the city saw him no more.
It may be recalled that on the 30th, a meeting of the people of Sohra area will be held at Laitryngew to discuss the issue.
This writer has written this because he has his own questions.
James Pohsngap, Asst. Waheh Village Council, Khim-U-Sniang also delivered a welcome speech.
The Tug of War Tournament was held at the office of the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai today.
Speaking on the education sector, Renik said that as students and college students together with teachers should have a responsibility for themselves and the most important thing is as teachers. and students should use English in all schools especially in colleges should not lack the ability to speak foreign languages ​​so that they can compare with other districts such as in the city of Shillong.
The reason for the inspection of the drugs is that there was a suspicion last month, when the drinkers found that the drugs had turned white and had swollen and appeared. smell different.
The rally was launched by BJP President Earnest Mawriew and BJP Vice President AL Hek from its office at Bivar Road, Shillong. Speaking before the rally, Bah Earnest said that the rally of BJYM Meghalaya is part of the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of Independence of the country. and also to congratulate the people of Shillong and the state as a whole.
Meaning.com.
Nehemaia said he and the Sengbhalang have opposed this and written to the district authorities of Assam to stop this, but the government authorities have not listened and for this reason the police have Assam has gained the power to attack the people of the area.
He said how the government allocates funds to build schools when it has not received the land and this is very surprising.
China has released 10 Indian soldiers, including two majors, whom it captured in fighting on Tuesday night, India Today reported. in the Galwan Valley, Ladakh.
Regarding the death of Bah Banteilang and Nandeshwar, doctors have issued a report on the death of these two, who were admitted to NEIGHRIMS Hospital.
“Of course, when I get the opportunity to meet with the Minister of Home Affairs, this issue will come up in the discussion and we will try to move forward,” said Conrad. message.
Speaking to reporters, the MDC of Laban, said that the Land Acquisition Act has made it easier for the people, as all the people have to register their land at the DC's office through the Revenue Department and the registration fee is also low.
The Deputy Commissioner (Election) District Office will send a Booth Level Officer (BLOs) to their village for this purpose.
The incident happened after the boat they were on capsized in the river.
A mob, which turned to the house of Chowna Mein, the second Chief Minister of the State Government, today set fire to the house of the second Chief Minister.
Vincent added that with Pynshngain's silver medal, he expects that such a king boat race will start to grow and become more prominent in the state.
It happens that the best ones are not selected.
Every year, these flood victims are evacuated to safer places; but they went no more into their own places.
He said that besides the teachings of the ancestors, the nation should be preserved and preserved.
For this reason, he said, the EC has decided to work with SBI to provide a special group insurance package and the premium will be paid by the Council.
An earthquake on the 13 Km MR Road in South West Khasi Hills on the 28th has disrupted a power line and damaged several houses and affected four villages.
Speaking to reporters, Sinha asked why the government has not allowed the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to hold a public meeting at PA Sangma Stadium, Tura. .
The Seng together with the village leaders requests all those who can come to take part in this day, to show that as a community, we cannot accept anyone in the community.
All the speakers blessed the students that God will give them knowledge and progress in their daily lives and urged them to be an example to others. The students of this college say that hard work never leads to disappointment.
He said that the people should understand that there is a need to pray for themselves in the upcoming elections, because they elect themselves and not anyone else.
The question is why is that? The reasons are:-1) I would rather write about the earth than about heaven, because we are still on earth.
At Iewduh, an entrance fee of 10 tyngka per byrni piat was charged and the exit fee was also charged.
Lumshynngan SC has won the 2nd Division Football Tournament organized by the Saipung Block Sports Association (SBSA).
Speaking to media, Robert June Kharjahrin said that the report of the sub committee on themetor should be brought to the public so that the public can understand what the decision of the sub committee is. Sub Committee.
To remind the Khasi culture, to raise the spirit of patriotism, to preserve the traditional life and life will be perfect.
“Mukhap village has not been in short supply of drinking water as reported by the KSU on the 7th of this month,” said the MSYO. tlang is the same now.
Dr. Sister Noreen, Nazareth Hospital Shillong, confirmed that the visit of Nazareth Doctors to Phramer, initially twice a day every Friday and Tuesday of the month.
“According to the TMC, there are 4.16 lakh unemployed youth whom it has promised to provide 1000 tyngka per month and this 1000 tyngka will not be enough to employ the youth and this means that the TMC wants “It's a good idea to keep these 4.16 lakh youth in chains but although the TMC has set a price for the youth and the people of the state, we believe that the people are wise and should not be bought by this trick of the TMC,” he said. said.
On the 29th of July, they said that they had gone to Ganesh Das because the woman had died.
Not only that, they also expressed their strong opposition to the ban on the movement of vehicles to Meghalaya.
After receiving a tip from the intelligence agencies, the BSF troops of the 4th and 193rd Battalion jointly seized these 96 cows within 24 hours while the smugglers were trying to smuggle them. Bangladesh is the only country in the world.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that there is nothing different about sitting with the Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
He said that the Children's Festival will start on 12th November 2023 and end on 21st July 2024 with the participation of 22 Circle branches of the Children's League of Khasi Seinraij. Hynniewtrep.
The General Secretary of the KSU SWK said that the protest of the KSU in the area in the past few days has been forced by the state government to protest because it has not listened to what the KSU has to say. to improve the income of the villages in these areas, but it has remained silent and its silence and blindness has led the party to come forward to protest by different programs.
When asked about the promise of the Minister, the contractors said that he has promised to take action to discuss with the officers the issue they are facing and to think of ways and means to prevent the The implementation of this scheme will not be completed.
Ajit Surendran Nair, 39, Shakha Pramukh of the Shiv Sena's Eknath Shinde group branch at Navre Park in Ambernath, said in a complaint to the police that the election is still underway. union group in the area on Sunday, police said.
On the nomination of a joint candidate for the MP election, Renikton, who was nominated by the party to the MDA, said it is up to the MDA meeting to decide who is right and he denied any differences.
New Delhi, Nailar 05: Will the name of India be changed to India?
Aitilin was wearing a blue dress and a sweater and a shoe that wasn't too long.
According to the article posted on the page, this was reported by one of the members of the HYC Mawthengkut Circle who explained more about all these incidents.
Shillong: Answering a question by GM Kharpuri, EM in charge of Trade and Industry in KHADC, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, EM in charge of Trade and Industry, Shillong, said that the EC has taken many measures to prevent this.
If we look at Articles 28 to 32 of the Constitution of the MFA, it does not indicate that the Executive Heads have the power and duties to issue suspension orders to the Affiliated Units.
The government has from time to time urged the HNLC to consider and come back to the peace talks but the HNLC has not yet responded. .
However, this is also a sign of the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) for not taking the necessary measures to repair this road. They have written to the Union Minister, Nitin Gadkari, to repair the road.
“We will meet the Prime Minister, whether the new one comes from the state government or the central government, we will fight against it,” he said.
“The residents of Labang Nangphyllut Elaka and the Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum have informed the fellow citizens of the Bri u Hynniewtrep and all the Sengbhalang in Khasi Jaintia Hills to be ready if something bad happens to our fellow citizens to get help.
This voice of the farmers came from a meeting of the farmers of Nongkasen, Markasa, Laitkseh and Pariong areas held at Nongkasen.
Pynsandame Kharbuli scored four goals in the 23rd and 50th minutes, Badondor Jana scored an own goal in the 10th minute. Damanbha Nongbet scored the third goal in the 44th minute.
He said that the State Government has implemented various schemes/programs to create employment opportunities for the residents.
Shillong, November 18: On the 14th of this month, the youth of Hynniewtrep from the two districts of East and West Jaintia Hills, who formed a Sengbhalang, have formed a separate organization. sun.
He also commended the Persara Studio for its ability to sustain the music industry, where talented youngsters can showcase their talents under the guidance of skilled teachers.
The new cases include EJH: 5, EKH: 66, RBD: 26, SGH: 1, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 2, WGH: 4, WJH: 22 and WKH
Therefore, there was no discussion to remove them from the equal jobs they had received or to return the medals they had won.
However, the drama starring the husband of a raped woman has come to light after a police investigation, which found that before he lodged a complaint with the Sengbhalang, which led to the lodgement of an FIR. The husband has already received the money from the secretary of the village.
Furthermore, one person, as appointed by Bah J.Rymmai, cannot hold two posts, namely the Director of Investigation and the Director of Prosecution.
This was announced by the Vice President of FKJGP Mawryngkneng Circle.
Why do you have to judge the 12 tribes of Israel? The reason was their rejection of Jesus as their Messiah for over 2,000 years.
The residents of Khanduli village also came out on 17.4.2023 and blocked the Entry Tax Gate and thus the clash between the two communities started.
The MPUF on Thursday distributed foodgrains to 23 households in Ladrymbai.
Prestone said the policy covers all aspects related to water and the environment.
“We are preparing the report of the committee after collecting the findings and findings from the inspections at the project sites,” said Dr Mawthoh. the end of this month.
This was announced in a statement by Babu July JLyngkhoi, General Secretary, MSSASA-EKHDUNI.
He also spoke on the new scheme, the Prime Minister's Development Initiative for North-East, PM-DevINE announced by the Minister of Finance during his speech on the allocation of funds from the Central Government. for the year 2022-2
“Therefore, on this basis, they have decided to withdraw and cancel the MoA between the state government and these companies,” he added.
We urge the Government of Meghalaya, the sports teams and the people who love sports to think together and support if possible the initiative of Kong Riiohlang...because it is a great honor to be elected only two from Meghalaya. and one from Manipur and one from the whole of India.
The incident happened on March 29, 2020, when the robbers posted a picture of the girl on Whatapp group and on March 31, 2020 on Facebook, posted by Stevebass Nongrang and Mac Nongrang.
The accident happened at 1 pm, when the truck number NL-01G-6724, which could not move, stopped on the side of the road. Guwahati, another truck (NL-01-AC-3189) has collided with another truck, in which the driver of the truck, sustained minor injuries and fled the scene. place, where the accident occurred.
"The VPP held a protest on Thursday last month and on Tuesday by turning to the Secretariat to demand the Government to re-appoint the three officers dismissed from Meghalaya. Lokayukta on the grounds of dismissal of three officers while investigating corruption against the family of the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma.
The FKJGP's statement came a day before all political parties took part in a meeting convened by the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA)-2 Government to discuss the implementation of the Job Reservation Roster System. State Policy, which will be held tomorrow, Thursday, 19th June.
When asked whether the Hima has anything to say to the market dwellers especially the Dkhars who have closed down their shops immediately after the incident, the Minister said that they should not close down but should open their shops as they do every day.
Nongpoh, July 27: The District Magistrate of Ri-Bhoi District today imposed Section 144 CrPC on several villages including Pilingkata, Maikhuli, Barapathar, Umtyrnga and Byrnihat.
We oppose the statement that the Government has not implemented this Act yet and that they will discuss and deliberate carefully before taking a decision.
It is not known how the two government weigh bridges in Khliehriat and Umling were constructed.
Shillong: Umsyiem Village Council, Pynursla Civil Sub Division, has re-elected the office bearers of Umsyiem Village Council, Shillong, at a meeting held on Saturday.
Lk 24:51 And it came to pass, while he blessed them, he parted from them, and was carried up into heaven.
In West Garo Hills, there are 6 cases of which 4 cases are high risk and 2 cases have been screened.
He called upon the members and employees of the party to work together under the leadership of Bah Vincent Pala as President of the MPCC and expressed his confidence that if the leaders work hard and The Congress will win the 2023 MLA elections.
In this village there are stones called Mawsngi.
The Dorbar Shnong Majai said that the foreigners who live in Majai have received land from the Syiem who has authorized them with a land authorization letter. There are rules in it but they are not strict rules.
The march started from the Shillong Press Club office to Barik, Shillong Civil Hospital to IGP to Lachumeire and ended at Shillong Press Club.
Due to the burning of this bridge, vehicles passing through Mawkyrwat area have had to leave the border road.
For more information, old students can call 9862122467 and
East Khasi Hills has recorded the highest number of cases with 262 new cases.
He said that his writings of poetry in sonnets have led even poets like SJ Duncann to recognize the poetry sonnets which he wrote as Gilbertian Sonnet because they are beautiful and different from others but they are different from others. don't worry about the sonnet.
Encouraging the youth to come forward, he said, “The Jaitbynriew needs intelligent youth to sit in high positions and to sit in various committees to pass laws passed by the Jaitbynriew. “Many laws have been passed by the leaders but they have to go through various committees headed by other ethnic groups who hold positions in the state government,” he said. .
Besides the residents, some groups and organizations that run tourist attractions in Wah Umngot have also come forward and opposed the project saying that the project will affect not only the environment, but also the environment. but the fields and the fish and other living things in the river.
And our leaders don't care about this.
On the other hand, Sniawbhalang Dhar MLA and Symbud Myntri Rangbah in his speech, congratulated all the party leaders and supporters who have worked hard to win him back 4 (four) times. This is the constituency.
The Nongthymmai Sports & Cultural Club (BBS) is pleased to announce that the General Secretary of the Meghalaya Basketball Association (MBA) has been elected as one of the Vice Presidents of the Meghalaya Basketball Association. The Basketball Federation of India (BFI) has won the tournament in the past few days.
Speaking to the media, Ymbon said; “I have seen that the VPP will not win a single seat from Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
He is a young man who has a special love for the environment, agriculture and is also a sportsman in Football, Basketball, Volleyball and a Sports Runner.
It is learned that some of these protesters, dressed in iong, were arrested by the police.
As everyone says, the BJP Government has a goal to make India a country of one language, one culture, one religion and so on. In Hindi, the Governor has sent a letter to the Hindi-speaking state, but it cannot be said that it has been sent to the Hindi-speaking state.
Leaders from all over the districts, Block Committees, members of the youth, students and hundreds of active workers of the party will attend the meeting.
On the question of who is wrong, Bah Metbah said it will be decided after the investigation.
He said the government should fight against this because the consumers will increase and set prices as they feel comfortable.
The PWD is constructing the road under the supervision and direction of the Hima officials,” he said.
The reason for the dissolution of HITO is that the department in charge has not done anything about it.
He said that due to the short time, the Union apologizes for not being able to deliver the notices to all the Dorbar Shnongs and hopes that everyone will take this statement as an announcement on the meeting.
He said the establishment of the Directorate of Anti-Infiltration and the establishment of new Police Stations are the measures taken by the government to strengthen and curb the entry of foreigners.
The first match between Tongseng Narpuh FC and Borsora FC ended without a goal.
Uranium and its associated components buried in the ground have been brought to the surface.
From their house, police have seized witness documents.
Another militant who was killed in the fighting was Ghazi Rasheed, who was specially trained in bomb blasting.
The child is Tariang Lymba (8 years old) who drowned with his mother Julias Lymba (27 years old) on Tuesday after the boat overturned while they were trying to cross the Umngot River to go fishing. fish.
“After the new EC under my leadership last year, we have seen the Government introduce the Meghalaya Identification Registration Act, 2020, and in that Act we have seen that the Government of Meghalaya does not issue Labor Licenses, but what issues Labor Licenses here, we don't have a law relating to Labor but this has been repealed by the Khasi Hills Trading By Non Tribal. Regulation Act, and for that reason they issued Labor License in the past years but since last year, on behalf of my EC, we have examined this Act and we have introduced an amendment that these All Non Tribal Laborers are required to obtain a Labor Clearance Certificate before obtaining any Labor License from the State Government.
In the end, it affects the education sector in the state.
“As the state government does not have the experts, the assistance of the Expert Group of the Coal Ministry will be necessary to prepare the rules for coal mining according to the current knowledge,” he said.
These elders and other elders of the village also alleged that the Rangbah Shnong can take decisions alone, where even the members of the executive committee of the village don't have any information. They should convene a Dorbar so that the people themselves can take a decision on whether the land is the property of the village and not of private individuals.
“The HPC has put forward eight demands to the Government but none of the demands has been accepted by the Government, so we cannot accept the blueprint and the eight issues. Until now we have stood on the same foundation, and what we have demanded we are firm in it"
“The question of not contesting from the Congress is wrong, I don't have such a thing and I am the party leader of East Khasi Hills,” he said.
Dr Donkupar Roy, Speaker of the House, said that MLAs should not speak English.
According to sources, Ri-Bhoi Police on receiving a tip on the presence of drug smugglers, conducted a raid at Byrnihat Police Outpost last night and arrested A motorcycle with the number plate ML 05 R
The main products of Langdongdai village are the various crops mentioned above but most of the crops are for self consumption.
Tripura has only 20 (ST) Assembly seats out of 60 MLAs in Tripura.
Shillong, July 11: The Central Executive Committee of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Education Cell has congratulated all the students of Bri u Hynniewtrep who have done well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations
The reason is that the state government should not blame others.
Therefore, we urge the government to take immediate action,” said the JSU. The JSU also demanded that all the MLAs of Jaintia Hills should inform about their request to oppose the and ensure that the Jaintia language should be included in the State Anthem.
The committee has also visited Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Mizoram and Nagaland, which are the states in the North East which have implemented the ILP. Sabha from Nagaland, Tokheho Yepthomi in the past few days has once again reminded the various government departments of the state to implement the schemes and projects as soon as possible. various projects of the Central Government have been implemented in Nagaland.
Shillong, Naiwieng 5: The Dorbar Shnong Madanrynting today strongly opposed the proposal to register 300 soldiers to vote in the village.
The CBI investigation is the only way to reveal the truth,” Saleng said in a letter to Defense Minister Rajnath Singh on Monday.
P.Najiar, Kong Vandya Srivastava, Vice-Principal, JNV Mukhla, Rtn.
The shortage of electricity in Meghalaya is endless because we have to rely on the mercy of nature to bring rain so that the power plants can work properly and release the electricity. citizens from darkness.
"Therefore, I thought of waiting for you, so I left the house early..." said Bahnah and immediately followed her to the shop.
Genesis 5:5-7.
He said that the soskular has been signed for 33 years and the company will manage the SM College.
The biggest incident witnessed in some places was in Mairang, where one person was reported dead.
Before unveiling the flag, DC Abhilash congratulated the DSO office, the EJDSA office bearers for organizing this sports tournament which was attended by up to 30 schools. many schools have participated compared to previous years.
Mawkyrwat, November, 01: To commemorate the 175th death anniversary of Syiem Sngap Sing Syiem, the children of Hima Maharam on Friday celebrated this special day by They laid flowers at the statue of this hero at Mawtngam and at Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat.
The Cannes Film Festival started on the 16th and will end on the 27th of this month and is one of the biggest festivals in the world.
According to Father Sngi, the translation of these Hebrew and Greek words into Suk in Khasi is very accurate and appropriate.
Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Vivekanand Singh has been transferred and appointed as Superintendent of Police, CID. He was appointed as the Superintendent of Police of East Jaintia Hills District.
“Although the number of cases of corona virus in the state has risen to 44, the government is well prepared to protect the people from the COVID-19 pandemic and the people should not be afraid but should “It is necessary to follow the guidelines of the government to prevent the spread of the disease,” said Bah Tynsong.
PIL No.18 of 2019 is decided by the High Court.
Then they cooked it for a few minutes, and removed it from the fire.
In their poems, they often remind the people to love their language, preserve their customs and traditions, and especially to love and respect their country and nation.
On the 23rd June 2022, dozens of youths from Sohnidan area in Ri Bhoi District have joined the HYC on the grounds of providing services to the people of the area. in Ri Bhoi and in the state as a whole.
A 6 feet deep hole was found at Joshimath in Chamoli district of Uttarakhand.
He said that there are 10 policemen deployed in the Anti Narcotic Task Force to fight and arrest drug traffickers. land on the border.
The ceremony was conducted by the Vice-President Mr. OL Tariang who gave a speech of congratulations to the Ex-Working President of the Seng, Ma Brightstar Chyrmang who is now an MDC. The Legislative Assembly of JHADC, to have a healthy body, knowledge and knowledge and especially courage and selflessness, so that he can serve better the constituency, the country. and the whole nation.
Shillong, Nailur 11 : Basukshisha Kharkongor has won the title of the Khasi Idol Season 2 of the Hynniewtrep Idol Season 2 which was held on Saturday. The ceremony was held at the Tirot Singh Memorial Hall in Mairang.
“The State has now reached 84.33% out of 10% in ODF Plus in just six months.
The 7 plagues fall on the last day of Daniel 9:2
“It is the government that has done ...and so is the West Khasi Hills.
“This is an Act, we cannot just listen and we will have to take strong action against those who misuse this scheme,” said Bah Wallang.
In a letter to the Sub Divisional Officer (EI), the Joint Chief Electoral Officer (EI) has directed the SDO of Sohra to hold a meeting with the UDP candidate to explain the rules and regulations. The re-election of Bah Gavin Mylliem as MLA of Sohra has not been announced.
God created the earth to support mankind in times of trouble and to care for them in times of danger.
Likewise, it should probably have its own way of explaining it in the speech section.
“Up to 2269 metric tonnes of rice has been supplied to the state government every month but there is not a single ration shop distributing rice,” he said.
The video shows Chouhan sitting next to Dashmat Rawat, who was stabbed in the head by the BJP leader. After the incident, Chouhan called Rawat and said, “ The incident has made me very sad, because you are like Sudama to me.
Police also recovered a 9mm pistol, two boxes of bullets, eight bullets and a mobile phone.
On the other hand, he said that the UDP Ranikor circle will receive the NPP supporters during the tenure of Bah Donkupar Massar and also the BJP supporters on the 18th of this month at Nongnah.
In addition, to provide solar light and to provide cooking stoves to reduce the emission of rnga to preserve the environment.
“We have seen a statement from a group – LRO (we don't know who they are) on the incident in Shillong in which they have accused the KSU of being involved. “The Presbyterian Church is responsible for these incidents,” said KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar.
They said that after the meeting with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem on the 21st of November, they will be able to take other decisions or measures.
He said that the explanation of the prayer from Bhoi that Bah Justin is still on the run has not come true as he has not returned home for two months.
He said that due to the lack of action by the authorities in charge of this road, the residents of the village have to walk for hours to transport food items to the village.
As young leaders, the goal of FKJGP is to demand from the Government to get its own C&RD Block in Rambrai, as the people of Rambrai area have long wanted.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum (HBDRF) has fully supported the decision of the Lapa Ngap Dorbar Shnong not to cut down or remove the trees planted at Moopyrdet.
The 1st Mar Phalangki Open Football Tournament 2021 was organized by the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (JHADC) at Nartiang Area Unit. Thad Square dancing haka on Saturday.
The meeting was conducted by the General Secretary of the party, Bah Lasius Lamin, in the presence of Stephanson Mukhim, former MLA of 7-Amlarem Constituency who was the chief guest and Dolly Khonglah as the chief guest.
After a while, they left and Bah Shanbor's friend said to him, “When you get shilak, you will eat me too, you are too wise and lucky to get so much money. "I'll give you something to remind you that you've taken me to the right lawyer..." said Bah Shanbor.
People look at the passage of time and we too should look at the passage of time. .
“Therefore, I feel that they have fought a defeated battle,” said Bah Tynsong.
Some fruits are rich in carbohydrates such as rice (beans, rice, piat, rye and methi) proteins (motor, phrisbin, sweet potatoes and sweet potatoes) vitamin A (kajor, sohsaw, sweet potatoes) ) Vitamin B (carrots, carrots and lentils), Vitamin C (carrots, cucumbers, cauliflower, lentils and legumes) minerals (legumes).
If the village or the relevant authorities take care of it, it will become one of the most attractive places for tourists.
They distributed checks to the beneficiaries of Betasing and Zikzak ICDS projects.
The FKJGP announces that it will welcome the NEIPF meeting to be held in Shillong on 20th November 2017, in which all the leaders of the parties including ULFA, NSCN(IM), ANVC, DHD , ANPO and other states of the North East will attend the meeting.
“Otherwise, the people of the country will ask what is the mind of the government,” she said.
Thus we understand my dear friends, we see many of God's promises to us human beings on this earth, he promises to be our stronghold in trouble, he promises to be our refuge. He promises to save us, He promises to pour out blessings on us, but if we do not have faith and trust in Him, we will not share in these promises of God to us.
According to the statement, the Minister made this promise in front of the AHAM leaders at a meeting at his residence in Tura.
Nongrem said that the decision of the KHADC to hold the Syiem election in Malaisohmat shows that the EC has acted violently and violated the rights of the MDCs by not allowing them to vote. “Even the rebel groups have to speak, but the members have been robbed,” said the Mawkyrwat MDC.
Police have registered the incident at Laban Police Station and are investigating to arrest the suspects.
“And the children of Israel shall return unto their fathers in peace”.
After investigation, police have arrested the suspects for joining the Whatapp Group.
The FDA has launched a thorough investigation to determine the cause of the fish's alcohol poisoning.
Shillong: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, will be sworn in at 4 pm today.
The meeting was attended by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, Deputy Chief Ministers Prestone Tynsong and Sniawbhalang Dhar, Electricity Minister AT Mondal, PHE Minister Marcuise N Marak, Contractors, Design Associates and senior officers from various departments.
They were shot dead on a highway in Gurgaon in the morning and Ritu, who was admitted to Medanta Hospital, was shot twice.
The song was composed by W.kharpran and the camera, edited and composed by Skhembha Kharsati.
He said that if elected to power, the demand for the creation of a new district with Dadenggre as the Headquarters, will be the top priority of the State Government.
The victory came after they beat Bengaluru United FC 2-1 in the final match of the Second Division League.
Speaking to this reporter, Pher said that the letter came through the post office and was brought by a person who used to deliver letters from the post office. She arrived on the 12th of this month but lodged a complaint with the Jhalupara Out Post Police Station on the 14th of this month.
We believe that many of the residents in Meghalaya do not come forward to check because of fear.
Chahlang Police Station is conducting a search operation for the GNLA militants in the forest and the search operation is still ongoing to track down these robbers who have committed many crimes in the area.
" MARRIAGE IS BETWEEN A MAN AND A WOMAN, NOT BETWEEN A MAN TO A MAN OR A WOMAN TO A WOMAN:Genesis 2:18,22-2
Langdongdai Village and many neighboring villages and the area are also very beautiful.
The Union of Taxi Drivers of Sor and Khapsor under the leadership of its President, Bah Kmenlang Khonglah on Sunday visited the child who is undergoing treatment at GNRC Hospital Guwahati.
Lakhon Biam, Dawan Lyngdoh and Krison Langstang expressed their opposition to the decision.
It occupies one place in every 25 verses of this Testament.
Speaking at the meeting, Skill Development Officer, Lambormi Suchen explained the benefits of the Skill Meghalaya Project of the government.
Your children have grown up and you have taught them to earn money and you have saved them from trouble,” said the owner while they were drinking together.
Former Minister and Vice Chancellor Bah RG Lyngdoh, who was the chief guest, urged the youth to be farsighted when supporting any party and to bring about change, as the Congress government does not have leaders. The Government is unable to bring about development in the country, because it is a Government that works blindly without policy and there is a lot of corruption.
“This is the first time that we have been selected to participate in this tournament to be organized by the International Shooting Sports Federation (ISSF) which will start from the 21st to the 27th,” said Bah John. talking to a reporter on Tuesday.
Similarly, on the 11th of July, a suicide bomber blew himself up near the Foreign Ministry, killing 10 people and injuring 53 others. .
If all the shops are open, people will disperse and the line will be shorter.
Other affected villages are Soragre, Babadam, Buripara, Masumatagre, Marakapara, Tebronggre, Dumitdikgre, Allagre, Chasingre, Pagugre, Tebronggre, Jendragre, Asanang, Rongwalkamgre, Chibragre, Chibra Agal, Arangggre, Mondagre, Sanchonggre and Selbalgre.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah JA Lyngdoh said that the speech of the Prime Minister at a public meeting held at Upper Mawprem where he appealed to the people who support the BJP to give their support to the NPP candidate. Through the NPP, Modi will be elected as the Prime Minister of India once again.
Shillong: Mawsynram MLA Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang on Tuesday said that one of the reasons for the high dropout rate of school children is because they don't have the happiness to come to school. A teacher in a government school comes to teach once a month but he doesn't do his homework. After that, he leaves. Sometimes he leaves for a month. “The salary is paid every month,” said Shangpliang while speaking in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday.
We are meeting to sit down and discuss some issues, which are very important".
“Two things we must not forget about what is happening now, that is that the country has already been divided into two parts in the name of religion.
Leaders and members of organizations including the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, East Jaintia Hills, Jaintia Coal Miners and Dealers' Association, JARF, East Jaintia Coal Supplier Association, JSM, HYNYF, KSU and others have blocked the highway to prevent these trucks from delivering the goods to the dewbilat factories.
Ms Anju Bobby George, Olympian, was recently appointed by the Government of India as one of the 13 members of the Mission Olympic Cell of the Government of India.
Online Applications will be received up to 17:00 hrs on 5th September 2019 and no application will be entertained after the closing date.
Pyllaitmitre Lypon, also known as Sam, the star of the film 'Khohwah Nongsor', Aba Nongkhlaw and Rishisha Mynsong, were arrested during the visit. Taxi Stand Mawngap, Mawjrong, Laitlyngkot, Basa Tympew and Basa Soh today 27th July, 2023 as part of the campaign to invite the public to watch the film 'Khohwah Nongsor' at Bijou Cinema. from 30th July, 2033 every day from 11:30 am, 2:00 pm, 5 pm and 7 pm.
Dr Mukul was speaking to reporters after the counting of votes for the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) was announced after the BJP won the Zikzak MDC seat. which falls under the constituency of the MLA whose husband is in power.
According to the opinion poll, the TMC in Meghalaya has 18 to 23 seats and therefore Conrad Sangma and the NPP are no longer needed in the state, O'Brien said.
At the same time, he said that the mistake in distributing the question papers will not affect the examination tomorrow.
On the other hand, Bah Pangniang said that he will seek clarification from the Dorbar Syiem Mylliem Hima in these days on the inability to hold the election to elect the Rangbah Shnong because it is only the decision of the people. that they should elect the Rangbah Shnong and he had no reason to say otherwise.
Consider that only the legislators of Hynniewtrep can vote.
Regarding the electricity issue, he said that Domsaw and other villages under the Saubhagya Scheme, where the meters have already been installed but nothing has been implemented yet. for over 3 years.
“We should know that the street vending business is legal and there is an Act of the Government of India on street vendors which has been passed since 2014, but the State Government has not yet implement it," the statement said.
Education Secretary: 10th century.
He said that the Assam government has been willing not to come to Meghalaya to work on the land because of its availability of police on the border, even for small jobs that cause problems on the part of the police. Assam Police are quick to leave immediately while Meghalaya Police have taken them to inspect the areas.
There is no blessing when we trust man rather than God because we put God outside of faith and trust.
The Acting Rangbah Shnong of Nongsohphoh Upper Mawprem, Bah Hardy Ryntathiang, said that the village has not yet issued residential certificates and domicile certificates to any foreigners in the village.
The arrested persons have been arrested under the MPPPA.
The NPP-led MDA government has 8 days, 22 hours and 42 minutes to end.
In connection with the investigation, it was found that there were about 67 windmills with land worth T.51.69 crore and many other movable assets worth T.61.63 crore. of Shri Ramlal Jain, who was accused of running chess business for his own financial purposes, which was seized under the PMLA. Windmills and immovable property is estimated at T.113.32 crore.
Bah David Nongrum also inaugurated the specially prepared venues to showcase the work of the DAVP. The awareness campaign was conducted by the media of the Government like PIB, DFP, DAVP. , AIR and DDK in collaboration with the Government authorities of East Khasi Hills District.
Perhaps many of us have never thought of this one truth.
“Therefore, the Social Welfare Department together with the Police Department will work together to introduce these amendments to the PITNDPS Act so that the Dorbar Shnongs can take part in the fight against drugs,” said Bah Paul. .
As long as we live in the flesh, as long as we are on this earth, we cannot help but face challenges.
The Congress-led opposition has decided to line up the EC led by Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit on issues including the Rong ka Taw held at Mawphlang, the removal of the Syiem in the Hima Mawlai Sohmat. , and the issuance of trading license among others.
Therefore, in politics we need righteous, God-fearing people who stand on the foundation of righteousness because “Righteousness exalts the nation” (Prov. 14:34).
The Minister in charge of Community and Rural Development (C&RD), Information and Technology (IT) & Communication, Soil and Water Conservation said that the Environmental Clearance has been issued by the Ministry of Environment, Forest & Climate Change. The Impact Assessment Division of the Government of India has been in the midst of protests by residents and civil society groups during three public hearings.
Keniong Village is an old village which was established after the earthquake in 1897 after they came from Nongbaw Village which was severely affected by the earthquake. Sir William Lewis, Missionary from Wales, to leave Nongbaw and settle in Keniong.
About 103 paragliders from all over the world took part in the tournament today. This is also the first time to break the world record with more than 100 paragliders. we are the participants in this tournament.
Shillong: Meghalaya lost to Jammu & Kashmir by five wickets in the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy T20 match played in Jaipur on Tuesday. J&K were tied at 107/4 for 5 overs.
Everyone is the same.
Lovelast Lathong, Chairman of the Youth Group of Iooksi Pyllun Village, handed over 14,070 tyngka to Nehemaya Tyngkan.
“Police have been on high alert at the scene after receiving a tip,” said Bah Kharlyngdoh by phone from Delhi.
Williamnagar Constituency has 32,345 voters including 16,713 males and 15,632 females.
Boys HS School, Stickler Phawa Don Bosco Secondary School and Felixson Syrti Govt.
The home is the school and the parents are the teachers.
"During the programme, there was also the swearing-in ceremony and a special song by B Nongrum and Kyntiewlin Mawphniang.
The post mortem was conducted at NEIGRIHMS, Shillong and at the time of publication, the cause of the incident is still unknown.
In the Junior Cadet Boys (48kg) category, Phaibok Rabon won, Bankerlang Myrthong won second and Mekhih Dkhar won fourth.
He said that in fact this part of the road construction project is being supervised by the RO Station in Guwahati, which is for the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI).
Therefore, more professors, lecturers and experts need to come and it is not that they are against it,” he said.
We have to open up opportunities for the youth and we have seen the impact of the students due to the COVID-19 pandemic and we cannot hide the loss,” he said.
Chandra Thapa took three wickets for 18 runs, Yash Mishra took two wickets for 12 runs in three overs and Thunun N Marak took 20 runs.
When contacted by the SP of Ri Bhoi District, Bah C.Syrti, he said that these coal trucks overturned this morning, but the time of the overturning is not known. The trucks have fled the scene and are no longer available at the scene.
Shillong: North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum today sent a letter to the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma demanding an independent inquiry against the Vice-Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. SK Srivastava.
The name of the deceased and the injured have not yet been released. Police on receiving the information rushed to the scene and investigated the incident. They are also trying to find out if there are more people who have been trapped in the coal.
Regarding the smuggling of foreigners by the Khasi leader, they expressed their strong opposition, because he has smuggled these foreigners who do not have proper documents, it is a threat. They were afraid of the people of that area, because they were foreigners and it was not known what kind of people they were.
While he was torturing himself.
It is not only the rud and kiar, but also the middle and more urban areas.
Rule 20 (1) Quote “The Chief Executive Member shall be elected by the District Council and the other Executive Member shall be appointed by the Governor on the advice of the Chief Executive Member from among the members of the District Council.
The Director of the Ephphatha Society, Rev ES Supuh, expressed his concern over the backwardness of the people with disabilities and said that this is because as a nation, we live only in search of The Director of the Society has explained that such an old teaching is the reason for the condemnation of the mother and the allegation that it is because of the sin of the parents. It has encouraged a lot of those with disabilities and those in their families and it is because of this old teaching that they say that it is the cause of sin and blood. Many of them are reluctant to expose their children and make them hide those with disabilities in their rooms when no one comes. but it was said that the Ephesian Society stands against such old teachings and fights to eradicate such false ideas.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23 : Meghalaya beat Sikkim by 59 runs in the Vijay Hazare Trophy one day tournament on Tuesday in Kolkata.
“When we walk with love and joy, it will help us to become those who are strong and who can do better in whatever part of our work we do,” said Fr.Teibor Lyngdoh.
In the hands of a good man or people, money is powerful to bring peace to others, but in the hands of a bad man or people, it is a poison and a destruction. which shall cover the whole earth.
“We have accepted this and from tomorrow in order to cooperate with the District authorities who have promised to stop, we have appointed volunteers and VDPs to monitor the import of coal by the Dewbilat Companies from “It's a foreign country,” said Helping Phawa.
The price is according to the arrangement of the Vigilance Committee of the respective villages.
Police have seized a large quantity of heroin from Mawryngkneng, East Khasi Hills, said Fredrick Kharkongngor, Chief Electoral Officer, today.
The book will be sent to the Forensic Science Laboratory for examination.
On the other hand, Kong RM Kurbah, said that it is very difficult for the overseers to fulfill all their wishes or to treat them as they get at home, because the food is given. or provide according to the instructions of a dietician, which are foods that are built to strengthen the immune system.
The apology from such an intelligent person is a waste of time, and therefore the Shillong Press Club leaves it to the wisdom of the public, readers and viewers to take. “To criticize what is wrong, we welcome it because it helps everyone to improve themselves, but to speak with confidence about them,” said the SPC leader. it is not the right way to serve others.
Now that the Assembly has passed the CAA to exclude non schedule areas, the Municipal should do the same as teachers.
“Until now, there has been no difference, I believe I will continue my hunger strike because the doctors have come every day,” he said.
At the same time, he said that the BJP will not win a single MLA in this election in the state and will go empty. This election, if you want,” said Dr Mukul.
Regarding the meeting, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that the purpose of the meeting was to discuss the villages in Ri Bhoi and those on the border. and Assam, because through this meeting, it will be possible to discuss again when the government officials of Meghalaya and Assam will hold separate talks for the resolution of the border.
G Kharbani, president of FKJGP, to stop the forced closure of the Tool Gate Plaza, came after the request of the DC Ri Bhoi and the officials of NHAI, Shillong, who said that they have already paid but the Only a few land owners have been affected by the damage to their crops, which the District authorities of Ri Bhoi District have promised to take action on.
NorthEast need three points tomorrow to qualify for the oldest tournament in Asia and if they lose or lose, they will be in danger because Downtown is still finished. to play one game.
The film will be released for two months and the producers expect it to do well.
The arrested persons arrived in Agartala in Tripura three days ago.
Laitduh village attracts tourists from all over the country and has about 40 households including 8 Catholic households, 7 Khasi households and 25 Presbyterian households.
After a while of the second half, Mebakynsai scored his second goal in the 57th minute.
He also urged all the tourists who wish to visit this place to cooperate to attract and develop this place in the coming years.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Minister said the fellowship program will be implemented in collaboration with the National Law School of India (NLSIU).
Regarding this incident, the Rangbah Shnong of Kenbah Malai, Bah SK Dewkhaid, said that on Saturday, 15th of this month, the Nongsaiñ Hima June 2023 that the police arrived at the village at 10 pm and at 10:30 pm they went down to the riat and burnt the body at the bottom of the riat. the destruction of the body.
Witting said 20 houses have been flooded in the village while 10 others are in danger and the owners of the houses have been evacuated to other places. place.
Those who have not done well are waiting for God's mercy to pass.
The Minister said that 131 youths have joined the SF-10 and 220 youths have joined the UB/AB. “But because there is no election, it has been postponed,” he said.
Meanwhile, the Director of NEIGRIHMS, Prof. (Dr) P. Bhattacharya urged the graduates to use their teaching skills according to the present era and with the courage of Florence Nightingale.
Admitting that the state is still lagging behind, the Minister said that in fact these schools should have been completed three and four years ago but so far there are only two.
Bah AL Hek was also present as the chief guest.
Bonifilia Shullai has recently led the India U-16 team to the SAFF tournament. Bonifilia Shullai's selection is an inspiration to others. The young football players of the state, that if they work hard and have discipline in life, the door is already open for them to play for the country.
There are 68 recoveries.
Wahiajer won the match by beating Moosalyngkat 2-1
Speaking at the funeral service, the eldest son of Bah Enshon, Bah Ulrich Warjri, said that he remembered his father during his lifetime. When he was working in the office, he liked to go fishing.
That year, she sang three songs, composed by Himesh Reshammiya.
However, for unavoidable reasons, we have to apply for temporary release to conduct the CUET examination and we cannot just apply for permission to conduct the CUET examination. find solutions for the benefit of our students," he added.
In the mixed doubles, Kieper W Shulai and Elsarica Umdor beat Mebanker Shulai and Netania Tariang.
Nongstoin Constituency is a very fortunate constituency where God has chosen leaders to lead the nation through it, from (L) Wickliffe to (L) Ma ieid Hopingstone Lyngdoh and now Bah Macmillan Byrsat who The Lyngdoh of Nongstoin Hima has contested the MLA election 2018 from the NPP party. The party is not very different but what is needed is the person. the nation in order to survive the nation, not only in economic development but especially to make laws to protect the nation between this heritage and the time of despair, because until now there are no laws to protect We are especially proud of our land ownership, although most of us are proud that we Khasi have land ownership.
There were also 74 recoveries including 21 cases from East Khasi Hills, 27 cases from West Garo Hills, five cases from Ri Bhoi and others.
The service started on 1st October on the theme “Godly Life in the Today's World”.
In the solo category, Meghalaya Police Public School won the first prize, St Edmunds School second and Pariong Presbyterian Higher Secondary School third.
What do they have to encourage us to live righteously and to avoid corruption? The problem is that all these teachings are only in words that we don't have written down because we don't have the written language. only in 1841 after they were published by Sir Thomas Jones, one of the most zealous Christian preachers.
In the next 24 hours, Shillong and surrounding areas are expected to experience heavy and stronger rainfall and wind speeds between 30 and 40 kilometers per hour. and then snowfall, heavy, in parts of the state.
The absence of the teacher has caused the students to miss the examination in the subjects taken by the teacher.
“We have bought as much electricity as we can from the market to maintain the current blackout hours,” Goyal said.
In a tweet, a youth, Ma Emidao Shylla, criticized Sarma, saying, “How do you change yourself and yourself Mr CM”? In November 2022, you said that Mukroh falls in Meghalaya.
Singapore burns nights to produce waste-to-energy.
“If a young person has completed his engineering course but gets a job with a salary of only 5000 tyngka per month, it doesn't mean that he has got a job.
In the first semi final, Mulang Ialong beat Mukhla Raij 2-0. The goals were scored by Charelang Mulieh in the 43rd minute and Chalet. Cook for 54 minutes.
The Chief Minister said that there will be a meeting on the weekend with the participation of Union Ministers from DoNER Minister Dr Jitendra Singh, Tourism Minister Prahlad Singh Patel, Sports Minister Kiren Rijiju, Jan Shakti Minister Rattan Lal Kataria, and all the Chief Ministers of the North East and other government officials were also invited.
He said that the political parties should be mentally responsible for the society, by refraining from taking or following illegal paths.
“It is up to you to take steps to arrest and prosecute the owner and the speaker under strict rules of law because if it misleads, it will lead to ethnic conflict and will endanger our youth who have outside the state,” said Bah Erwin in the complaint.
Christmas Day, Good Friday, Sunday, are the days that the whole world knows and celebrates because they are days related to Jesus Christ.
Generous Shadap, President of Dkhiah West Village Council, was accompanied by the leading youths of the village including Bakitlang Phawa, Kerlang Tlang, Dawniwan Salahe and Wanshiruplang Tlang.
However, Arlangky had to leave the field after suffering a serious collision with the opponent.
Shillong: “Why do you oppose Prestone Tynsong to become the Chief Minister of Meghalaya?” asked UDP President Dr. Donkupar Roy.
It is learned that many of the leaders of the AGP have decided to form a new party, which will be called the AGP (Progressive).
The workshop will also explore the techniques and teach how to use sohniamtra, sohniangriang and other fruits to make marmalade, orange juice or orange syrup.
He said that the War Jaintia are also Pnars, but they speak their own language while the Pnars from Jowai do not know how to speak the War Jaintia language. the Khasi language as the medium language.
The match between the two teams was fierce in which both the teams had difficulty in scoring, but before the end of the second half, Banteilut Langstang of Shangpung Khliehmuchut scored the first goal. ball in the 93rd minute which ensured the team's victory.
This statement of CEM Thombor Shiwat shows that he is not a competent person to lead the council and this is just a statement that shows to the world his stupidity, as a leader, whose room as a council The leadership should develop the mechanisms and policies to run the council.
Hek said the issue ahead of him to contest this election is how to create employment opportunities for the youth of Pynthorumkhrah constituency and the state as a whole.
These Three Seals will occur during the Three and a Half Years of the Seven Years of the Last Month, mentioned in Daniel 9:2
As a nation, we don't have that ability to show ourselves or go for a check-up if we don't feel sick.
The space of this office in Jowai is adequate and the people who come to this office are not only from Shangpung,” said the president of the Union of Waheh Shnongs.
The KSU said that the contract for the construction of the lights at the school was taken by a state owner and he did not recognize Roshan Kumar because he was the head misteri who was a foreigner. This school and they don't have the necessary documents to work.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The Fact Finding Team (FTT) formed by the opposition MLAs in the state will visit the Umiam Dam on Tuesday to inspect the status of the Umiam Hydroelectric Project.
Let us pray and seek the face of the Lord God to forgive us and not to send into our country the plagues of ancient Egypt.
“The husband and relatives should provide physical and mental support to the mother when she is preparing to give birth and this is very important,” she said.
What can be explained is that we Khasi-Jaintia who receive 40 p.
Shri.Paul Lyngdoh ( Minister of Govt.
He said that in 2005, the Forest Department of Assam had burnt down about 32 Khasi households in the village, but now Assam has started to force them back by burning them down. Assam Police have tried to search and arrest naphang which has put the people in great fear as it is the time of harvesting and harvesting of rice and other crops. However, the people are not willing to leave the area due to the search operation by the Assam police which could endanger them.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 68107 out of which 61445 have recovered and 1147 have died.
“It is unfortunate that Hima was injured 10 days before the start of the Indian Grand Prix IV which was held in Bengaluru on 15th June.
Collin WanñiangShait urged the Jaitbynriew: “Do all the small and large jobs and the mynder will have no place in our country”.
For example, the shopkeepers have now been arranged by the government and the Dorbar Shnongs for the opening hours and days of their shops by setting up a lockdown.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the CEM, Minister J Nongkhlaw of Mylliem Hima, said that since 15th July, they have lodged a complaint with the EC to remove Syiem Latho Manik Syiem. but until now they have not received a decision.
For this training he needs to come back to Shillong so that we at the NPP can train him how to use the words while traveling around India,” said Prestone. talk to the media.
Two MBBS doctors include former Director of Health Services (DHS) Dr Aman War (North Shillong) and Dr Osaphi Smithson Jyrwa (Mawryngkneng).
On this occasion, he expressed his satisfaction to see the residents of War Jaintia of 7-Amlarem Constituency who have come forward to fill the hall and to support this protest to improve the planting method. does not employ young people in the state.
Michael was taken to court today and police have been given 14 days to investigate.
The Diocese of Jowai would like to express its gratitude to the Waheh Shnongs/Secretaries and the Dorbar Shnongs of Ummulong, Moodymmai, Wahiajer, Mookyndur, Tyrshang and Mukhla as well as to Pa Daloi Ma.
Leong admitted that all the goods seized by the KHADC from the area belonged to him.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Larsing Ming Sawian, Bah Dipshon Rynthathiang, Bah Wanshan Kharkrang, Bah D. Nongbri, Bah S Lyngdoh and other office bearers of the associations organizing the tournament. football in different districts.
They took him to a forest, near Rari village where they shot him dead.
“It has been approved to take the NCERT textbooks from Class I to Class X and handed over to the MBoSE. This will come into force from next academic year,” he said.
The two villages which received 54 garbage cans are Lion Mission Compound Dorbar Village and Chutwakhu Social Welfare Local Dorbar.
From the drought to the floods, we have seen how mankind's mistreatment of the environment has turned around.
Leaders of KSU Mawryngkneng Circle including Samla Dalum Kharpran Education Secretary, Samla Teibokskhem Shadap General Secretary and incharge of KSU Mawryngkneng Circle were also present on the occasion. Samla Kitbok Warbah, Assistant Organizer, KSU Mawlai Unit and Samla Readeon Nongrum, Assistant General Secretary, KSU Mawlai Unit.
The winners were Menangmankhraw Kharkongor (SSLC), Alden Kenan Massar (ICSE), Angelus Khongbinan and Badarisha Mawrie (HSSLC Arts), Melboreen Massar (HSSLC Commerce). ), Amy Grace Langstieh (HSSLC Science), Wanhunlang Khyllait (BA) and Rilarympei Diengdoh (MA).
At the same time, the Seng has demanded an immediate written apology through the BSF in charge with the assurance that such acts of violence and barbarism will not happen again in the future.
“Of course, everyone has agreed with the government's intention to amend the MRSSA but we don't know when it will be implemented as it is still under preparation,” he said.
NorthEast United FC have appointed Juan Pedro Benalina of Spain as the new coach of the Indian Super League season, the club announced.
Tura: It will be a memorable event in the history of the residents of Gittim Reserve Village in West Garo Hills.
The Gentiles included all the nations and kingdoms of the world except the Jews or Israel.
Officials of the Department of Development and Development (DoNER) including Joint Secretary Anuradha Chagti and Under Secretary Pankaj Sharma on Tuesday. visited West Khasi Hills District to meet with the beneficiaries of various schemes and to discuss with the officers of government departments who implement the schemes under the SAMBHAV (Saturation of Model Blocks) programme. & Villages) of the Central Government.
The decision to declare Jirang C&RD block in Ri Bhoi district as a containment zone was taken after the employees of the office tested positive for Covid-1
Meghalaya has universities, including the Central University, NEHU. The Legislative Assembly has 60 members, the District Councils and full rights to customs and traditions. the land, the worship and all the necessities, including many parts of that British period and others.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 28: With the aim of providing information to the public regarding development works and government schemes allocated to the people and villages, Umsning and Umling C&RD Block today held a Umsning C&RD Block was held at SGSY Hall Umsning and Umling C&RD Block was held at Dulongnar Dorbar Hall in Ri-Bhoi.
At the same time, the union demands that the government should clarify the notification issued because in the view of the union, it seems to be a violation of the demand to implement the ILP to prevent the entry of foreigners. .
In a statement, KSU West Jaintia Hills President Laitphar Syngkrem said, “KSU West Jaintia Hills President Laitphar Syngkrem said, “KSU cannot accept the claim of the Chief Minister of Assam that Mukroh still falls under West Karbi Anglong. , Assam”.
“We have decided that if there is no full Lyngdoh, it will bring more and more trouble in the Hima,” said Bah Pyniaid Singh.
Myntri Rangbah Duh will also deliver a speech to those who have been employed on this day.
During the training, he was trained in shooting AK-47, AK-56, 7.65 mm pistol, wireless set and others.
He said that such incidents could have been prevented if they had been taken to hospitals in time and in order to prevent such incidents, from now on, the District The Magistrate said that it has been decided to close down Riat Laban East and St John, which falls under Laban Square, with effect from 11th November
Shillong, Lber 11: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Monday warned the Northeast Sunshine Trust (India) and other Government Agents not to reopen the Uranium Mining Book. within the State.
Khlur said that the Resolution MP 2014 is a clear sign that the people of the state want the BJP to bring about a major change in the state. “The Resol MP has given us hope,” said Bah Khlur.
Although there are many parties working in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) coalition government, what is clear now is that only the National People's Party (NPP) takes all the decisions in the state government.
There are many ways that you can do for your health this monsoon season and one of them is knowing how to make summer-friendly food choices.
He said that our nation is rich in traditional foods which are mostly made from wild edible vegetables.
He said that Christmas brings the message of love, joy, hope, peace and respect for others and especially for the people with disabilities.
I appreciate Fr. Thyrniang's extensive knowledge, but I denounce him for being a crazy priest. Father Demon-crazyU is just a father not God can't judge the hearts of othersWrite other good news don't just judge to others.
The weapons were later recovered by the troops, who suspected that several people were involved in the incident.
The shooting of the truck driver this morning follows the shooting of two persons yesterday at Pyrkan, near Shella, in which one of them was seriously injured.
We have reached the point where even the East Khasi Hills District Administration cannot implement the rule of odd & even numbers for all commercial vehicles. to Motphran, passing through Kachari Point and Khyndai Lad and not only to those who earn their living directly to Khyndai Lad.
This was achieved after the opening of the Futsal Ground on Tuesday at Diengïong in Mawdiangdiang.
He also urged the police to call 112 if they have any questions or to call the Police Control Room, Tura at
Violators will be fined, the police department has warned.
He said that although there has been no discussion in the MDA government with all those in the government, but there has been a discussion with the leaders of the MDA allies. to the leaders of the parties in the MDA government,” said Dr Donkupar.
Barla, a Catholic, told Bishop Jose that he would visit the attack site in Chhattisgarh after inspecting Garo Hills and seek an answer from the government on the issues of the minorities.
" said Father Hep.
If we the people don't support, MeECL will also fail and then we will understand the loss.
According to reports, the United States may be the country that has provided the most aid and donations to Ukraine since the beginning of Russia's invasion so far.
Khliehriat, Nailar 30: The Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the War Jaintia Hills District. The road is 5.14 km long and includes two bridges from Kudengrim to Kudengthymmai, War Jaintia.
The two organizations said that according to their investigation, the Khliehriat Division has not found any name on the website of Megha Power for the purpose of paying electricity bill online to the villages relying on electricity from this division. These days, many of the residents of the village have used smartphones to pay for their bills.
However, the council's law, which recognizes the Waheh Shnongs according to the document issued to them, has no purpose and the DC has to issue an ID card so that the Waheh Shnongs can get recognition, said the BJP MDCs. “Regarding the ID cards, the ID cards should be issued by the JHADC to the Waheh Shnongs who have been approved and confirmed through the certificate. BJP MDCs including Lakhon Biam and Dawan Lyngdoh have demanded that the executive committee led by Thombor Shiwat should be appointed as the DC's ID card. CEM JHADC to resolve this issue, so that it does not set a bad example in the management of the JHADC and the district administration and to avoid conflict in the implementation of the law.
The tournament will be held in Lucknow where the North East Zone will play against the East Zone.
The state has received the award for Best Practice in Tuberculosis Control at the National Workshop on the ACSM to eradicate TB in India, and also for achieving the target of implementing the to 448 Health and Wellness Centers (AB-HWCs) under the Ayushman Bharat Comprehensive Primary Health Coverage program.
Let's go to the Bangladesh border to avoid the traffic jam.
Shillong, July 18: The National People's Party (NPP) has shocked the Congress-led MUA-II government over its failure to arrest police officer Nurul Islam for allegedly raping a police officer. two brothers.
The median income for musicians or songwriters increased from Rs 10,000 to Rs 12,000 in Season 2.
Pala said the UDP is the cause of the conflict whether it is in peace or order.
This government will implement all these laws.
In his speech, he emphasized three main issues, one is to protect the country and the nation from foreign and internal enemies, the other is to preserve the to develop the State and the country in all aspects.
Similarly, in the UK there has been a 40% decrease in the number of people suffering from severe stroke over the past 20 years.
It is said that the Mawtheng belongs to Meirad Riahbaïa, the right Mawthung belongs to Ïutbaïah, the middle Mawthung and the tallest Mawthung belong to Smari, and the left Mawthung belongs to Ïongbaïa. It is explained that the three stones that support the Mawtheng mean that the Mother dwells in the children and grandchildren.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 13: The Jyntru Sports Club, which is also the champion of the Ri-Bhoi League, is ready to leave for Meghalaya. The first match of the State League will be played against Mawlai at 3 pm.
Shillong: The Joint Action Committee of FKJGP Jaintia Zone, KSU Namdong Unit and a group of Village Leaders in Namdong Area today, under the leadership of MDC Dawan Lyngdoh, u. The Waheh Shnongs of Namdong PHC have met with the Doctor incharge of Namdong PHC to find out the reasons for the delay in the work of Namdong PHC. The Doctor incharge of the PHC said that he is no longer able to provide services to the people due to the lack of staff nurses. He said that he has to attend meetings for the work of the PHC and this has affected the people, especially the transfer of nurses working in the PHC and not appointing them again after the transfer.
Kong Mulieh said that many of the farmers in Khanduli village use it to cook ja and grind it into powder and mix it with umsyiad before eating.
During the meeting, it was also learned that there have been many discussions regarding the problems that arise from time to time in the area and which have affected the development of the area. villages in the area.
Shillong, March 10: U Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Mawdatbaki, 82, BR Kharmujai, has said that he has spoken at the meeting today. “Ka Thma U Kada” and these words are what he tells about his experiences since he was a child.
These include 262 East Khasi Hills, 69 West Garo Hills, Ri Bhoi 7, West Jaintia Hills 7, East Jaintia Hills 3, South West Garo Hills 1, West Khasi Hills 5, South Garo Hills 5, East Garo Hills 1 and Eastern. West Khasi Hills 1.
Isn't this a shame to the state and to our nation?
Nongpoh: A house in Lummawtha Umtngam village in Mawhati area of ​​Ri Bhoi district has caught fire and burnt down, after a sudden fire destroyed all the belongings inside the house.
It has been repeatedly mentioned that Meghalaya lacks government employees who are the children of thousands of foreigners because they have been invaded by the raiot from Rithor.
“It is because of this silence of the government that the sordars of six villages have staged a protest in front of the PHC grounds and on the 24th of this month the members of the executive committee of Mawryngkneng will appear.
Low said the weather in Brazil is one of the reasons why the health of the country's athletes is affected.
At the same time, he said that in these 40 years of Narendra Modi's rule, the people have received benefits and development projects and even during the time of Covid, they have received foodgrains.
In 2018, the 'Pyaar Bhara Pack' campaign was a success with the distribution of more than 20 million parcels to those in need.
The SIT has inspected and examined the residence and place of death of Bah Marbaniang and also recovered his body and completed the examination.
Samla Ethylbert said that Sohra is the field where the seeds of education were first planted and deserves to receive full support in relation to this college for the benefit of the students.
Jesus gave an example of the end by saying, “Now learn a parable of the fig tree; When her branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is nigh:
These development schemes, which the Dorbar Shnong Mawroh, has been able to implement successfully, include the construction of a road at a cost of T.22,19,062 lakh, the construction of a well at a cost of T.22,19,062 lakh. T.13,75,938 lakh, the construction of the footpath at a cost of T.12,19,001 lakh and the construction of the canal at a cost of T.9,07,448 lakh.
It is a great honor and pride for Meghalaya that Kong Silbi Passah has been selected to receive the Padma Shri in
“There are many reasons for the lack of transparency of this government from the post of Rangbah Shnong, the land grabbing of MUDA, the ban on two MLA posts, the lack of Mining Policy and others,” said Bah Pynshngain.
Referring to his contest as an independent candidate in the current election, he said that he wants to be free to speak, because independent candidates have the right to be free. “It's a freedom of expression, especially on issues that affect the nation,” said Bah Pynshai.
The purpose is to assist and protect the heritage of the indigenous people from the invasion of the Dkhars and other foreigners.
In a democratic era, the fundamental right of the citizens is the fundamental right of the citizens and in independent countries the promotion and protection of fundamental rights is the primary duty and responsibility. of rulers and judges.
They also deceive even with money and if the youth make a mistake and are deceived by such people they will never change.
The Commissioner of Food Safety, who is also the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah has given permission to them to sell fish from the State and Assam. for the safety of the fish buyers.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KYF) War Jaintia Circle today held a meeting at the Community Hall Dawki together with the Rangbah Shnongs, Dolloi and youth on the issue of to temporarily oppose this smuggling through the Tamabil Check Point.
On 20th June, the state government canceled the Memoranda of Agreement (MoA) signed with the companies for the implementation of four power projects including Kynshi stage-I & II. hydroelectric project for the purpose of uranium mining.
Arulmurugan R-Srinidhi N and Sathwik Reddy K-Vaishnavi Khadkekar will also represent the country.
He said that the Ri Bhoi Police after informing the police have thought and ensured that there will be no riots in the area and as the police will continue to monitor this. The temporary relief in these villages is because they want peace and freedom from violence.
The RDA meeting held on 7th November has appointed UDP leader Bah Metbah Lyngdoh as Chairman and HSPDP President Bah KP Pangniang as Secretary. Martle Mukhim, MDC from Mawkynrew, has been elected as the Co-Chairman and UDP President Titos Starwell Chyne has been elected as the Assistant Secretary.
"This experience of Bah Aiboklang shows that people with disabilities also have their own goals and aspirations; others.
The Dorbar Shnong Khanduli and its residents have not burnt down any house so far and the law enforcement authorities should conduct a thorough investigation to find out who burnt down the house. the houses of the wicked shall be destroyed in these days.
Because of the rapid spread of Covid-19 and I don't want to get a vaccine, I don't know if it's true or not. .
In North Garo Hills, there is no high risk.
This order will not affect the Security Force, health personnel on duty, wholesale and retail pharmacies, police and armed forces, fire and emergency services, food, food. & Civil Supplies Department.
JOWAI: The earthquake in Nongtalang village has affected the environment and especially the water supply of Nongtalang village.
The President of the Voice of the People (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, on Tuesday said that he does not feel sorry if he is insulted by others because of their differences with him. on the Reservation Policy.
Maitshaphrang S&CC won the title by beating Nangkiew Football 3-1 in the final on the same day.
On the resignation of Samuel Sangma from the post of Chairman of the Fishery Development Board, Sunn said that as a person who knows about this, it is not true because the government has suspended the Board. There is a legal provision that he cannot receive an honorarium, like other government departments and the government will give him a job.
Referring to the issue of Reservation Policy, he said that he is the first and last to publish an article on the issue of Reservation. He said that the discussion on the Reservation Policy has arisen from the MDA government's actions, because they have said that they will go backwards, in which they accept the guidelines of the Reservation Policy. There have been discussions to implement the roster, which started in 1972 and if so, in the last 20-25 years. Khasi, he will no longer be employed in these seven districts.
Malik said that the army also understands the impact of the farmers' protest, as most of the soldiers are the children of farmers. Khattar, he found it difficult to travel, because he could not land his helicopter, anywhere, due to the farmers' protests.
The events in these days that we can no longer imagine that all believers in God have to think that these lions are the End days and all that remains is for us to think for ourselves. He said that his household is no longer available.
According to sources, the body belonged to an elderly man and is believed to be in his 30s.
According to the information of this reporter, in Umden Diwon alone, more than 1000 households have been affected by the cold weather, while in Umden Nongtluh, the number of households has been affected by the cold weather. up to 40 items.
However, the newspaper said that the project has been delayed due to the lack of action by the government even though in fact there was a plan to withdraw in
The High Court has filed a complaint against the Parliamentary Secretaries of Parliamentary Secretaries within four months. month.
To grant the wishes of the teachers,Hana has to cut here and there;They are all the reasons,The corruption to bury eight miaw.
He said the Government of India does not understand the ethnic minorities and the laws to protect them and therefore it is necessary to inform the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the Defense Minister Amit Shah.
“The issuance of Qaurry Slips only to those who wish to do so shows that some of them can transport stone every day to Bangladesh, while others can only transport stone twice or three times a month.
“The Juvenile Justice Act 2015 clearly states the protection measures for children who commit crimes against the law.
The Congress party in Goa, through its president Girish Chodankar, has expressed surprise that when the health minister received information about the death toll between 2 pm and 6 pm, why? He said that he has not taken any measures to stop the incident at the hospital.
Many attempts were made to release the blang's eyes, but he couldn't and he had difficulty breathing, so he was rushed to hospital, but the journey was too long. and Bagar died as if he had been killed by a goat.
Dkhar, who is also the secretary of the Steering Committee of the non-Congress parties including the NPP, BJP, KHNAM and UDP, said the party will hold a meeting after the MDC elections. to find ways and means to win this election from the Shillong Parliamentary seat.
Referring to the previous government during the tenure of Dr Mukul Sangma, Meghalaya was known as a center of education and a place of morality, but only during the five years of his rule. The MDA government has seen a decline in all aspects, he said.
Shillong: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, today said that he has already spoken to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kong Kal Sangma. regarding the recruitment and roster system, where the discussion is for everyone.
The problem here is that the current goal of the NRLM, which is no different from the Livelihood Improvement Company of Meghalaya (LIFCOM) in the past, will turn into a nightmare after the end of the term especially for the SHGs. to the rural areas because many of them still lack in all aspects especially in knowledge and understanding how to manage their activities.
Therefore, as a wake-up call, it is time to wake up and look far for the future of our youth, otherwise our nation will face many problems as we see now for thousands of years. Thousands of young people who have learned and educated are unemployed, yes those who have no jobs can start their own jobs but where will the poor and those who don't have go? This is very difficult to think about and we hope that the Government as a mother will do something to open the doors from time to time for the future of the youth. and to those who will come so that our nation will be prosperous and prosperous in all aspects.
When he cried, blood came out of his eyes and it was not the people and the doctors, who had found it very difficult to treat this man, who had a strange condition.
Because the longer it takes, the more suffering will accumulate, the old people will leave, the new ones will suffer.
Even on these issues, the preachers and speakers in the villages, pointed out the decades of Congress Government in Meghalaya since 1970, during the provisional government of Capt.
Shortly after, the troops received information that these two men were smuggling people from Bangladesh to work in the coal mines in the area.
In a statement, Shamphang Masharing, General Secretary of the HYC Ri Bhoi, said that the meeting was held by the Chairman of the DSC. The Chairman of the DSC, said that the Roster System/Job Reservation Policy has been delayed in the release of the DSC Results. He said that although he could not give the exact date, he would take action to announce the DSC results in Ri Bhoi as soon as possible for the benefit of the job seekers.
The New York Times confirmed that it was the United States that killed Hamza.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle on Tuesday awarded 36 students from Narpuh District who have passed the First Division examinations in SSLC, HSSLC, Degree, Master Degree and others. other readings of this year
He said the investigation is ongoing and the along will be requested to be remanded for further investigation.
This tool may be a single wooden stick around which cows ring, or it may be a silver stick that can cut pieces of earth by turning them around with cows or horses. .
The Chief Minister said that MSTC Ltd will take the existing coal and sell it to those who have a higher price.
Therefore, the disease is suffering and the disease is spreading.
On the other hand, the Director of the film, Kiki Garod, said that the word “No more” confuses the audience because they still think that a person has died if the people who tell don't know how to explain.
“The SP's hasty speech without knowing the truth has affected the police because the wife of Bah Marbaniang has strongly opposed the SP's speech,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
If the MP has done research, does he know how much PH Level is in the water of Wah Lukha and Wah Lunar? How much copper sulphate is acidic?
If such people do good work, it is very difficult for society to improve. If one's own household cannot be governed, how can society be governed?
All shops should be kept at a distance of 1 meter from one shop to another and should be cleaned thoroughly. hands with water and soap before and after selling. Vendors were also warned not to sell overpriced beverages.
The students and teachers were welcomed by Rajiv Kumar, Commandant of 193 Bn BSF in the presence of officers and BSF personnel. The exhibition is also an opportunity to raise awareness among the youth about the Border Guard Force and the readiness to sacrifice their lives to protect the country.
“In 2008 I didn't leave the party but it was the party leaders at that time who suspended me and they know the reason,” he said.
We have to walk according to the times and the needs of the times.
“For that reason, we appreciate the name of the Department of Labor as well as other activities that should be promoted.
“This is a festival to promote tourism, because 90 percent of the people are from outside the State and also from overseas countries, and 10 percent are from Meghalaya. Christians," said Paul.
Sonitpur: Shri Sanju Barua
He said the government has also set up 18 Police Stations in the state and also the Special Force-1
However, in order to bring about change whether in economic development, income generation, trade, employment and others, they will work together at all times, until the polling day, so that they may reap the fruits of victory.
In fact, if I feel that the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP has deteriorated so much, I feel that it is better to bring President's Rule immediately and not wait even a day,” said Prestone.
“We are playing with the fire now and it will burn everything, including the VPP. It will destroy the future of our youth,” said Rakkam.
She said they have lodged a complaint regarding the loss of the items from the museum and we are still waiting for the report.
Life will be confusing, plans will fail and dreams will not lead us to what we plan or want in our lives.
The farmers of 'La Tyrpad' in the village have been forced to harvest this leaf as it used to be in the past. all these years ago.
Mawkyrwat, November 22: U Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Minister of PHE and others who is also MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency today inaugurated the 100 bedded CHC Mawkyrwat. Pius Marweiñ, MLA/MDC Ranikor, S. Kumar, IAS, C. Kharkongor, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District and others who were invited. .
On the other hand, Kharkutta MDC Cherak W. Momin visited the villages and families affected by the floods in Kharkutta, North Garo Hills.
Kejriwal will be held at Tihar Jail No. 4 in Delhi.
All told, some 1,457 refugees died and went missing while entering from border areas across the United States during the year.
In fact, even in the caves, hundreds of people should not be allowed to enter at once.
The power and status of the chiefs and the children of the Hajar of the Khasi Hima during the British rule declined steadily.
The Naga Hoho, one of the most powerful parties in the state, has vowed not to hold elections in Nagaland. in the state, until the social peace agreement between the Government of India and the NSCN (IM) is reached.
We have already celebrated Christmas or the incarnation of the Lord Jesus on earth to save sinners like you and me, we have already greeted the old year and welcomed the new year. The election of the Leaders of the Legislative Assembly of the State has been held for more than six months.
The nation of Israel has been persecuted by many Gentile kingdoms for centuries, especially the Arab Middle East.
“Nongtalang CHC, Jarain PHC and Padu Dispensary do not have ambulances and it is really difficult for the people to find ambulances during this time of Covid-19,” said Siangmin Lacuna, Secretary War Jaintia Village Council. .
The meeting, which lasted for several hours between the RBYF leaders and the village leaders, decided that all the Khasi villages in the area should belong to Meghalaya. , that is based on facts, whether counting through ancient stories or from population numbers.
KSU CEC Assistant Finance Secretary Samla Iashan Mukhim , KSU CEC Melajied Khongbuh and Mylliem Hima Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem were the chief guests of the Rangbah/Secretary of KSU Nongthymmai Circle and the office bearers of the Women's and Youth Wings of the villages under the jurisdiction of the KSU Nongthymmai Circle.
“Come to the BJP, the party of all religions which does not discriminate against any religion or church but what we are talking about is the development of all,” he said.
He is the son of my previously deceased friend named Plan.
Conrad said that at this meeting, the CPA has put forward issues to discuss including climate change, natural disasters and the need to provide roads for to connect the North East with the whole of India.
The rape and attempted robbery by the group of men, happened on July 28, 2013, when the four children, including three women aged 14, 11 and 4 years, were arrested. A 7-year-old boy, who was 7 years old, was also injured in the attack.
Stay at home and get money.
He said that the residents of Garo Hills have to travel to Manipur to buy clothes due to the lack of clothes.
The opening ceremony was attended by senior officials from Kirloskar Systems, TKM and Toyota Tsusho Insurance Broker India.
They were admitted to Trinity Hospital and Ebenezer Hospital.
Shillong: The turnout for the polling station in Shillong has reached 67 percent as of 3.45 pm today.
All these incidents have started to disappear,” said former Chief Minister DD Lapang in reply to a question on the failure of the NPP-led MDA 2.0 government to bring peace and stability.
Other farmers said that they understand the need to change the employment quota and hope that the people will support the VPP which has demanded from the government for the benefits of farmers. young son.
Speaking to reporters after meeting with the office bearers of the Khasi Jaintia Butchers Welfare Association (KJBWA), Shylla said that many of them have already completed the training.
GABA is also known to be associated with calmness, relaxation, mental well-being, and sleep.
I don't know if they may be more successful than these 6 candidates.
Shillong, July 6: The Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) led by Agnes Kharshiing has lodged a complaint with the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya against the Meghalaya Rural Development Organization (MRDO).
But he had to agree in the end.
The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the NPP-led government has been able to change the attitude of the people towards Garo Hills. whether in the state or abroad, especially in Delhi, and has also brought about economic development in the region.
Wanri Nongrum, who went to accompany the mother of MacMillan Kharshandi to Lad Mawlang, said that when they went to collect these youths from this village, they found that on the roads there were by the stones and trees which had blocked the road and when they reached this place of attack; These residents accused them of menshoh, but with the presence of the police, they were able to take them away.
Shillong: Former Congress Minister Deborah Marak and former CEM of the Khasi Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pynshngaiñ N Syiem have been appointed as the new working presidents of the MPCC.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday said that it has no decision to indicate when the Roster System will be implemented in relation to the Reservation Policy of the State Government. .
Shillong: The MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process Sawkmie, has requested the Chief Minister and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to consider releasing the services in churches or places of worship after the It is seen that the markets, cinema halls, the public and even the vehicles have received the order that they cannot register people as they used to register all the time and the fare as usual.
Therefore, as a present heritage, they have been able to protect the environment and to protect the forests from global warming or climate change.
On the affected cow vendors, Bah Esron said that in the past, the shop that used to sell one cow, now cannot sell even 10 kilos.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah PT Sawkmie congratulated and expressed his gratitude to the Sacred Heart Girls HSS for inviting him as the chief guest to open the Inter School Sports Meet in this their joy.
Ah! Your stupidity! You stupid, wise and intelligent Christians should have been given a police stick so that you could listen.
Wealth is also precious in our lives and is one of the blessings that God has blessed in our lives.
He said that apart from these, the others are only minor servants of the government.
Through a video recorded at the scene, it is clear that the Meitei people have tried to attack the Naga, in which there has been a heated argument between the two parties.
I received the PDIC flag from a Bah from Sohryngkham.
The Dalloi of Darrang Elaka has urged all the neighboring villages in Darrang and Nongtalang Elaka to cooperate with the Elaka as on this day the people of the Elaka will attend this public hearing. Moosakhia to protest against the closure of the Umngot River.
“Since 2015, we have been teaching young people not to marry non-Mizos.
All these speakers exchanged views on how to improve the working methods of the party and to work hard as much as possible to win the party with dignity in the 2023 election. There were also several leaders who left other parties like the NPP, UDP and BJP and joined the Congress party.
On the other hand, Bah Powell Sohklet, Journalist of the Shillong Press Club, said that after the group visited Domiasiat, the residents expressed their concerns about the lack of a school. since a public school was demolished in 2007 after a public hearing was rejected.
“If this Regional Committee in the government's attempt to bring forward any answer to resolve the conflict cannot do anything, no doubt one day it will collapse and when it collapses there will be injuries,” he said. and Mr. Thong.
Speaking on the occasion, the leaders of Ai Jingim VBDO congratulated TULBA for taking the initiative to donate blood which is a good example and benefit to many families. It is difficult to get blood and through this blood we can save the souls of people who need blood.
There will also be heavy to heavy rainfall in parts of the state.
When inquired about the incident, Donbok Sawkmie said that the policeman, who was wearing a jacket with his name on it, came alone to the place where they were standing, but the driver of the police station your car is inside the car.
To move forward both States must create adequate and implementable mechanisms, not just act by force.
She said that the goal is to use natural resources to improve income in the community by using soh, flowers and other fruits or vegetables to make umsoh or wine.
There were also 8 independent candidates who won or exceeded while other parties shared in the victory.
After taking the lead, Jamia lost to Panjab who came back with a point in the last match.
Garo Hills, which has a reputation for bloodshed and violence, has now changed completely and has improved.
“Those who say that we have been paid by the TMC to invite Mukul or any TMC leaders will speak clearly because I am afraid of this misleading of the people on social media,” he said. He said that it is the government's own action which demands that the HITO should come out and criticize because other tasks to protect the jaidbynriew as it has promised have not been fulfilled.
He raised the issue of resuming uranium mining in Meghalaya.
The tournament was divided into three categories, Under-14, Under-16 and Under-18 for boys and girls.
The CEM said that all these beat houses of JHADC have about 10 employees and in relation to the tax evasion from forest products from Jaintia Hills and in relation to the tax evasion of JHADC He said that they have improved the working methods of the employees to curb any tax evasion.
The celebration began with a Holy Mass conducted by the Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh in the presence of the Parish Priest of Nongthymmai Parish, Soh Augustine Kuttala, Spiritual Director of the Union. Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh, while giving a strong advice to the Longkmie who took part in this fifth tournament, which also included the theme, “Their Father has divide the daughters and the brothers," quoted from Job 42:15, he said that this is a wonderful work of God to exalt is that women have a role in It is more important to take care of the work of the family and the community.
From Malki Square to the Secretariat or Addl.Secretariat, Kharbani said that the members of the party will carry the flag as a sign of opposition to the government.
The amendment was passed unanimously to increase the price of trading licenses for foreigners trading in Jaintia Hills.
However, shortly after the wedding, Zolbahar Sheikh and his relatives Abdur Shobur Sheikh, Anowara Bibi, Aynal Hoque Azbahar Sheikh, Akkas Ali, Abbas Ali, Amir Hussain and Sorifa Bibi were arrested. assaulted his daughter and demanded money from him.
It is learned that these resigners want to allow Rahul Gandhi to elect all the Congress workers in any constituency he is eligible for, because they want him not to resign at all. leader of the Congress party.
Police have withheld the names of the woman and the man until the cause and facts are found out, but have only released the age of the two children of the woman. which included the 5-year-old and a 3-year-old.
“We don’t want to politicize this issue.
If the state government does not take any decision to reduce the foreign travel of these Prime Ministers, Ministers and MLAs, the people should appeal to the Government of India to take the necessary action.
NPP National President and Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has told the people of Jaintia Hills that the Trinamool Congress or TMC will not win more than three out of 60 seats in the elections. the current MLA election.
At the same time, she said she did not want to comment on the issue of corruption, which has reached the AICC over the dispute between Bah Pynshngain and Mukul Sangma over the passage of the corruption ban by the House.
Indeed, this spirit of cooperation of all brought the fruit of victory in the end to gain independence from the British Government on the 15th of July,
Speaking to reporters in the presence of his relatives, the Sordar of Shilliang Dongki and the office bearers of the Dorbar Shnong, he said that it was on the night of 13th November, He and these three persons robbed Lamjingshai School in Sohiong, and before doing this he said that they had planned well and that night he said that these lines They broke the doors of the school and sent him to look for anyone.
The MPYC has expressed its strong opposition to the government's decision to make the state a homeland and said that in the past it was called a homeland of education and literacy. This action of the government will destroy the glory of the state.
Jowai: You are the best.
The VPP does not have MLAs and MDCs like us.
“At the same time, I feel the need to maintain peace and order and refrain from harassing the border residents especially the Khasi Pnar people as a sign of respect for others and especially for the human rights of all human beings. “It is written in the Constitution of India,” said Bah Titos.
The President of the Voice of the People (VPP) on Tuesday gave 48 hours to the government to suspend the interviews and vowed to stage a protest. if the government cannot do so.
JOWAI: U Pillar Stone Phawa, General Secretary of the All Jaintia Students Union (AJSU) on Tuesday said that he has rejoined the Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) on the grounds that he wants to bring unity among the youth. who want to work for the good of the nation.
On the other hand, Nongthymmai MDC Bah Latiplang Kharkongor said that even after six months of illegal immigration from Manipur, the state government has not taken any measures to count these people. He said that his constituency is a place where these people come to hide whether it is in Madanrting, Lapalang and other villages. one day,' he said.
Avoid public gatherings.20.
The tournament will continue on Tuesday when Nongkrem SC will play against Mawtawar SC at 2:15 pm.
The country and the state will enjoy complete peace of mind if the Government can provide for the basic needs.
Out of the 70 seriously injured, 37 have been injured and the State Government is in talks with the Railway Authorities to find out if there are any injured from Meghalaya. The injured were taken to AIIMS in Patna.
Shillong, March 14: Hindu devotees in the city today immersed 61 idols and other idols brought by private individuals at Polo Pond, Shillong. cut your puja.
On the way, a welcome ceremony was also held by the Seng Khasi departments.
The suspect was identified as Rophius Puweiñ, 31, of Pyndengshallang, West Khasi Hills.
The Chief Engineer of PWD, GK Marak said that Mawpun has received the road worth Rs 2.74 crore thanks to the hard work of their MLA.
He also acknowledged that the Congress will form an Executive Committee (EC) in KHADC after the counting of votes as it will win at least 15 MDCs. “I will win many seats in JHADC and I will lead the EC,” he said.
“The amendment of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution will affect the land tenure system and the rule of law in the villages.
Sometimes there are those who are willing to do any job, especially non-government work.
“A man came to your house to kill you. You have to wait for the order, you have to protect yourself, that's how the police should be.
In the second match, Assam Rifles Public School beat Vilco Secondary School 4-0
Drugs are the most dangerous weapons of darkness and are expensive commodities and only the rich can play with them.
The road was constructed by Rocky Dhar JV Dhar Construction at a cost of T.62,49,18,0
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has sought clarification from the Health Department of the State Government regarding the MBBS quota in Meghalaya through the State Quota.
Jowai, Nailar 13: The tricolor flag of the country has been hoisted in many households in Jowai. This was witnessed today by the residents of Jowai. various government offices.
Chelsea on Tuesday appointed Mauricio Pochettino as their new manager after the former Tottenham Hotspur and Paris Saint-Germain coach signed a two-year contract with the possibility of extension.
You are in power in the central government,” he said.
On the other hand, the two organizations warned the NHAI employees not to speak too much to the drivers, as many of the Khasi drivers do not speak Hindi. they don't understand.
It is hoped that the Rozgar Mela will be a source of employment opportunities and open up opportunities for the youth for their empowerment and participation in nation building.
Bah Process said that women have already demonstrated their ability in many areas of development and to do all the work properly.
Swanson said the ISS was divided into two separate rooms, one operated by the Russians and one operated by the US and others. pat that Ri.
The battle fights us every day, relentlessly to wear us down.
He also suggested that the Youth Policy should encourage the youth in agriculture and livestock by including Farming and Allied Activities as one of the Thrust Areas of the Youth. Policy because agriculture helps in providing food for the state and provides employment to the youth.
Speaking on the Digital Intervention, Dr. Chakraborty said, “Yesterday I received the news that I have registered and the time through this App and the notification came to me. , and now before taking the injection the notification will come back until it is time for the injection we cannot forget that once we have developed the technology we have learned to use it.
The Government Fruit Preservation Center is continuing to improve its production.
It was in the tie breaker that the United goalkeeper showed his skill by catching or slamming out a shot by Lumsohkhlur to give his team a 3-1 win.
Sangma said it was through the hard work of the police that the incidents in the past few days, when the Home Minister spoke about the incident, have been prevented. bombs, on 12 and 15 January 2021.
Therefore, the Khasi people are the last in all fields compared to other ethnic groups who have given birth.
The Speaker of the House, has adjourned the session today, after the fighting and did not accept the violence in the House.
She said that the JJM is a wonderful initiative of the government, adding, “The JJM has changed the lives, especially of the girls and women in our village.
After the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today held a meeting with the members of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) on the situation in the JHADC. Led by the President, Wilfortis Lyngdoh Mawphlang, Mawphlang today met with the families of the child who was raped by four men on the night of 29th July.
Luckystar Pamthied, President of the Association of Challenged People, Amlarem Block, in his speech, praised and congratulated the Government for the training provided to the disabled by introducing the Vote from Home which has helped and enabled them to exercise their right to vote and elect leaders.
The reason why we study and develop ourselves in other fields is first of all to demand a position and then a position of honor.
Jowai, November 23: The District Rural Development Agency, Jowai, today inaugurated a house constructed under the PMAY-G scheme in Jowai. Moosakhia, Amlarem C&RD Block, West Jaintia Hills, has been handed over to Solbi Suting of Moosakhia village.
Lahkmen said he will not step down because what happened was not his fault.
The office will remember and publicize the contribution of Bah Thabah in the field of journalism.
The seven men were returning in an SUV, which was badly damaged and it was reported that the vehicle was behind the truck and when the driver of the truck, drove away, it came out. The collision occurred when the SUV collided with a truck.
The office bearers of the Sur are Bah Thwelson Manik Syiem & MB Kharkongor, as Advisors, Bah Finest Kharkongor, Chairman and Bah Overson Nongkhlaw, as General Secretary, among others.
The HYC today met with the Acting Minister of Law, James K Sangma and submitted a petition to consider the indigenous people when appointing government lawyers.
In Zone 2, North Garo Hills DCA scored 90/4 in 14 overs before the rain stopped the match.
Talang is from Moorap, Tellme is from Namdong and Sampher Ksoo is from Namdong.
For many issues of Jaintia Hills, the Jaintia Welfare Union is not enough and a larger group is needed. Under the leadership of Doloi Kwor Suchiang, Doloi Elaka Raliang as President and Kong Toi as Secretary, the Dorbar was held. The meeting was held at Club Tpep-pale where almost all the Sengbhalang of Jaintia Hills District attended the meeting and the Joint Action Committee Jaintia Hills was formed. Doloi Raliang (Doloi K. Suchiang) and Phidalia Toi.
The Special Court of the National Investigation Agency (NIA) in Guwahati on Tuesday sentenced Rabi Basumatary to life imprisonment. Bodo armed man) for his involvement in a violence against residents of Balapra, Kokrajhar District, Assam in 2014 – which also resulted in the deaths of seven civilians .
During the inspection, the members of the union found that the work is in progress, but they have received information from the Civil Engineer in charge of the work that the company has not yet received the The Chief Engineer of PHE has approved the Treatment Plan (TP).
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP)-Lai Lyngdoh Unit said that the subway road has been cut off and has caused many problems to the people of the area especially in coming and going due to the lack of road. more.
The reason is the emergence of tit parties, as I have already written in the newspapers earlier.
Speaking to the residents, it was said that this road is a parking lot for the residents when they go to the market and walk back through the small road until they reach the Malidor River.
“We submitted our demand on 3rd June 2012 and 30th March, 2013 to the Prime Minister and Minister of Social Welfare, but they held only a workshop on 29th November, 2013 at Don Bosco. “The workshop is a waste of government money and does not benefit us with disabilities,” said Bah Kharjana.
The position of President is the highest, incomparable.
The decline in the water level in the Umïam Dam has caused more and more concern not only to MeECL but also to the State Government which has to buy electricity from other power plants outside the state just to meet their needs. public residents.
For this great achievement, he was honored and recognized as the Father of Khasi Literature.
Nadda, as part of his campaign for the party, addressed public meetings in Jharkhand and Giridih and also met with many BJP leaders. They said that Nadda's visit to Giridh was to show that the party has been involved in the preparations for the contest in all 14 constituencies in Jharkhand.
He said that the KSU has nothing to do with any religious party but the KSU stands for the good and to protect the Khasi people.
The first obstacle to their progress in their lives is the desire to read.
On the resignation of the two UDP MDCs, there is something wrong.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Congress party today filed a chargesheet against 10 corruption cases committed by the MDA government. AICC Media and Publicity Chairman, Pawan Khera, included corruption in the dome of the Legislative Assembly under construction in New Shillong, Covid corruption, MUDA corruption, coal smuggling, , the Saubhagya scheme, the rice theft scam, the liquor shop permit scam, the casino scam, the government contract scam and the police purchase vehicle scam.
The reason why these village leaders of the area, have issued this information to the public and especially to the Sengbhalang groups, is after recently some private individuals or Seng Bhalang groups, who issued this notice in the The media reported that the village of Umru, intends to join Assam, because this work was done by private individuals without the knowledge of the village, so when such statements appear without the knowledge of the village leaders, It affects the dignity of the village and also affects the peace and order.
These stories have now become longdoh longsnam in the history of preaching stories that cannot be forgotten.
May the celebration of the Independence Day of the country remind us of the sacrifice that the leaders of the country have made to enable us to have the right to rule ourselves. It is our duty to promote the Lama Lai Rong of the country with a spirit of responsibility to implement successful Khadar governance to achieve development projects in all aspects and to remove the obstacles that hinder the progress of the country.
“The people will vote for Modi twice as much as they voted for Manmohan Singh and they will vote for the Congress again after five years.
According to health experts, rynsun helps fight against the infection and also reduces high blood pressure.
We look forward to that enough.
Thangsning SCC beat Friends United CC by five wickets while Lumpaia Avengers CC beat Pomshutia CC by five wickets. Thangsning FC, who won the toss and elected to bat first, beat Friends United CC for 112 runs for the loss of eight wickets in 20 overs. Khrawkupar Kharumnuid took two wickets for 11 runs in 4 overs for Thangsning SCC. Badap Pura Nongkhlaw took 39 runs from 38 balls, Khrawkupar Kharumnuid took 34 runs from 29 balls while Wansiewdor Lyndem took three wickets for 14 runs in 3 overs.
However, this time he appealed that if there are such people, they should forget and change their minds for the betterment of the future.
To mark the opening of the 25th Anniversary, a competition was held on the theme, “The Marriage of a Man to a Woman's House is a Sloit of Power,” in which four students from seven colleges colleges of the city took part.
" Farmers like to grow this crop even though it is the most difficult.
This was followed by a tree planting ceremony at the Mini Secretariat and Children's Park at Laitlawsang, Mawkyrwat. He also screened two films entitled “Only One Earth” and “Beat Plastic Pollution”.
“In 2021-2022 alone, the amount of money released by the central government is Rs 59 crore.
According to the documents received, the report sent by the Regional Committee of the Government of Meghalaya, is in accordance with the will of the people.
The NESO has urged the states of the North East to be vigilant against the influx of foreigners into their states lest they become low paid in their own country. At least 59 people have been killed in a massive attack on Nairobi, the largest market in Kenya. market to buy their needs.
New Delhi: The Indian government today approved to allow those who wish to have an abortion within 24 months from the current 20 months.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: Senior BJP leaders in the state have visited Shella constituency to strengthen their party for the 2018 elections.
According to Bah Soren, in the past, when the world was still in turmoil and people were still living in agriculture, farmers used to separate the boundaries of their hills or farmland from other neighboring farmers by carving a fence. the trees.
In the past few years, the KSU has said that there has been idolatry in Wah Lukha during the Puja and this has polluted the cleanliness of the river.
(John 3:14) Jesus spoke to his disciples about his death on a torture stake, and he did the same to Luke.
The Supreme Court last year issued an order on the grounds that thousands of lives have been lost in road accidents in the country.
Green tea can have many health benefits but if you drink too much it can cause many health problems.
There are 362 recoveries from the disease.
Anjana Gogoi, Advisor of Dauboria Barta, Sukleswar Nath, Ushamoni Saikia, School Teacher, Bujar Baruah District.
Millions of people were murdered in the most horrific way by German Nazi troops in World War II, which is a story the world still tells, and defies any people with ties to the Nazi army.
Besides these government schools, there are 12 private schools in the state of which 5 are government aided and 7 are private.
Silas Lyngdoh scored the first goal for Rymbai Wahshnong in the 81st minute.
How, then, who and from which party will you stand? It has reached a point where there are parties within the MDA who want to nominate their own candidate.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar expressed his gratitude to the staff of the PWD (Roads) office who have worked hard to make this day a success. region.
The winners of this tournament will have the opportunity to take part in the state level cycling race to be held on the 8th March 2022 in Shillong. to test their strength in cycling with other runners from other districts.
Ebarwell Nongkhlaw, said that after the loss of his mother, he had a depression, because his mother who looked after him, fed him and gave him drink, he lost his mind, but it was something. It is surprising that the peace of men and the peace of others are very different.
These two organizations have sent them back from their place of origin and if they can verify and provide documents they can come to work in this area.
He said the state government has its own rules and the state government will implement those rules.
Any factory or foreign trade group has to pay taxes to the HNLC. If there are still those who fight against this order, the HNLC will face the same fate as Star Cement.
“This entry of suspected students from outside the state will deprive 11 more Khasi and Garo students who wish to study MBBS,” said the Seng.
The Passover was one of the most important Jewish festivals held in the spring in Jerusalem.
Self-employed workers include electricians, IT repairs, plumbers, motor mechanics, and carpenters.
The NPP had planned to contest against its president, Dr WR Kharlukhi but Dr Kharlukhi did not accept the post and the NPP is now looking for candidates. enough to send one.
The meeting will be held at 1 pm at Phramer.
Joining Pde, speeches by the General Secretary, Dr. O. Kyndiah, Mr. Yong War, Mr. MB Kyndiah and Mr. Knermiki Passah.
According to sources, the meeting is part of the efforts to strengthen and promote friendly relations between India and Bangladesh.
The Special Judge of the POCSO Act on 29th November 2023 has sentenced Himborlin Puweiñ to imprisonment for up to 20 years with a fine of T.50,000 under Section 6 of the POCSO Act and 10 years. under Section 506 Part-II IPC and a fine of T.
The two organizations also urged the government to clean up the police outpost at Athiabari as well as the Border Outposts at Malangkona and other border villages.
The Hima of Moit Sngei ruled as far as the Mawthawpdah Hills to the east and its surrounding borders extended from the east, west, east and west.
Jowai: The truck owners of the JHTOA have demanded that the leaders of the JHTOA should convene a General Meeting as soon as possible to discuss the issues of the truck owners and drivers and to renew the office bearers of the union.
The skilled and experienced climber, who has climbed many mountains in the past, has climbed other mountains at an altitude of more than 8,000 metres.
These candidates will bring about the development and forty demands of Meghalaya.
After this, the Government of Meghalaya has issued another challan for the mining.
After the meeting, Bah Manstudy Nongrem, Chairman of the Nongrem Kurbah, while speaking to this reporter, urged the Kurbah who have written the Nongrem clan incorrectly to correct it immediately.
Nongpoh: The FKJGP, Sohkhwai-Umdu Unit, has expressed its concern over the problems faced by the Kait farmers in the Sohkhwai area of ​​Ri Bhoi, who have faced difficulties in delivering their produce to the market. which has also caused these Kait of them to rot without being used.
Shillong: The FKJGP Lai Shnong Area Unit, under the jurisdiction of the FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle, has conducted a raid in many parts of the Upper Shillong area for two days. 3 and 6 January 2018.
Sting counting is a great enemy of the poor residents.
They said that besides the fact that there are 3 or 4 beneficiaries from the same household, two other names have been revealed.
Under the project, about 330 cooperative societies have been established involving about 50,000 farmers.
It also means that people living in urban and rural areas may have slight differences in culture and customs.
He said he would also talk to the first Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong before inviting the HPC leaders for talks.
According to the complaint, the Yamaha R15V3 (ML05 V 6330) belonging to Bah Ivan Nongkynrih of Malki, Shillong was stolen on in front of the gate of the school.
According to the statistics of the State Government in the Dorbar Synrai of the State Legislative Assembly, till 2017 alone, the influx of foreigners was 9 lakh and 12 thousand from outside India.
“Shen when the weather permits, we will go to reinforce the mawpud, which has already been repaired,” said Bah Ardent. .
They also urged the government especially the DHS to cancel the examination this year and select them according to the merit list which they have passed. A statement from the parents of the students who intend to study Doctorate from Ri Lum Jaintia including Bah C. Lyngdoh, Bah L. Ryngkhlem, Kong D. Rymbai and others.
“In just 9 months we have built many stadiums across the state before the sports department didn't have anything but now it is very important and the officers have worked hard to promote sports.
Government employees are sentenced to 10 years while others are sentenced to 5 years.
The Northeast Catholic Research Forum (NECARF) has expressed its strong opposition to the arrest of Fr. Stan Swamy SJ, 83, a Jesuit priest. by the National Investigation Agency (NIA).
Speaking to reporters, they requested the support of the State Government to take care of the children who are talented and these are the young children who have about half of the dancers and singers, who have gathered by the All Meghalaya Dancer Association.
In the 2nd division, Laitkot will play against Mawryngkneng tomorrow.
A court in Sangrur, Punjab, has summoned a senior Congress leader in connection with his involvement in the rape filed by Hitesh Bhardwaj. The founder of the Hindu Suraksha Parishad has filed a complaint against Kharge for insulting the Bajrang Dal during the Karnataka elections.
On the other hand, Headingson Ryntathiang, one of the greatest Khasi singers, has expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of Rana Kharkongngor.
Now, the same Congress party strongly supports the ILP by turning against it.
The President of HANM and others have not been released yet and it was on the 8th that the HNLC threatened to block offices.
“Many people are reluctant to stand in line to vote and don't want to vote and on the election side we are ready to find ways and means to make the polling station without the need to stand in line,” he said. , said Mr. FR Kharkongor.
Therefore, although people have their own fundamental right to choose their own way of life, they cannot implement the rights of the state and the rights of the land. sand.
“If you hurry up, Bah, because we are women, we are easy especially with these burdens...” Lanosha said.
And if you look at the website of West Jaintia Hills District, you will find that it is written in the Cultural Heritage section that JAINTIAS or PNARS are the Major Tribe in this district. And if you look at the section of DANCE and MUSIC, where it is written, I will take a few of these words written in English, “Pnars are fond of dance, illusion, sports. and festivals.
Dapbor is the coach in charge of the U-15 team and assistant coach of the senior team along with other players.
He said that 1680 out of 3000 people who have registered themselves have returned to the state.
In the eyes of the people the young man was good and perfect.
Speaking in the Lok Sabha, Agatha expressed her gratitude to the Narendra Modi government for introducing the Constitution (One Hundred and Twenty-Eighth Amendment) Bill, women in the Lok Sabha and State Legislative Assemblies.
Therefore, it will not be until after the UCC Bill is seen that the Government will be able to take a stand.
Sangma said this is already a hopeful opportunity, which has brought about friendship and responsibility of the people of the two states, to discuss the border. .
In the letter, they also included a copy of the Gazette of Meghalaya, dated 4th June, 2000, which the UDP government at that time had brought during the meeting of Bah EK Mawlong as the Prime Minister. The Meghalaya Municipal (Amendment) Act 2000, which states that no candidate for the election will be allowed to contest from any political party recognized by the election. Committee.
However, it was not until the High Court took up the case that the jyrsieh appeared day by day.
“However, this MLA of ours, although he is not in the government despite the COVID-19 pandemic, has brought more than Rs 2 crore project for the beautification of Mawprem especially Kyrbom Point and now Shillong West will be “It is the first constituency in Meghalaya where the lights in the constituency have been installed with LEDs.
Robi was rushed to the Civil Hospital for treatment with serious injuries.
All these are the people.
I appeal to the government to take action against these issues and not to disappoint the people.
He said the post of President of the UDP is up to the UDP and he has nothing to say.
The final match between these four teams was very interesting and lively especially with the attendance of fans and spectators who filled the galleries.
Four districts of the state including East Khasi Hills with 8 cases, Ri-Bhoi with 2 cases, West Garo Hills-1 and East Jaintia Hills-1 .
It should focus on creating employment opportunities for the youth so that they will not be tempted to carry weapons and shed blood in the state.
Speaking to reporters, the Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Thynroid, Bah Harkin Warjri, said, “We give our full support to Bah Nongrum and if necessary we will come and join hands to protest without delay. ", said Bah Warjri.
“During the election campaign in Tikrikilla, I asked the people about Dr Mukul's stand here from Tikrikilla and also from Songsak.
The Government will set rules to avoid overcrowding and sellers and buyers will follow the rules.
They said that although they have not had much time to prepare themselves but they hope to do well and bring fame to the state.
He said that he does not want to express all his wishes, but it is up to the people to decide if they are willing to empower him to elect him as a leader where action speaks louder than words.
Tura, July 22: A few days after the release of three traffickers, four traffickers, including drivers, were abducted near Kolapara village, near Sibbari, today. South Garo Hills District.
If the people don't like the NPP party, it's like leaving the Garo party or the AITC party in Kolkata, the MLAs who will win again will die. there is nothing like the death of a dkhiew in the thit.
If they allow me to contest, I will have to contest,” said Marak.
Rev. Fr. Ferdinand Dkhar was born on 26th June, 1962 in Ïongkaluh, East Jaintia Hills.
“Perhaps the injury may increase according to our accurate information,” said the statement.
The procession was led by the Garo Land State Movement Committee (GSMC) and started from the parking lot of the Addl Secretariat to Khyndailad and ended at the same place.
If you don't like it, don't go to Meghalaya...because it's too late.
“We found that the foreigners who work here don't have Labor License, they only have Aadhaar. The surprising thing is that when we ask for Labor License, they are surprised and ask what Labor License is,” said Thomas Passah.
On this occasion, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah urged the people not to be afraid but to listen and follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Shillong: Police in East Jaintia Hills District today seized a bus (AS 24C 2829) from Karimganj to Guwahati at Khliehriat. gelatine sticks weighing 112.5 kilograms, 5,900 rounds of ammunition packed in seven boxes and 133 meters of explosives were seized from the bus. seven songs of two charioteers.
Meghalaya with 25 points and Manipur with 14 points are already in first place in the plate group.
One is poverty and the other is the high level of illiteracy which has been an obstacle to the development of science and technology.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister and the MLA handed over the land titles to 17 residents of Balsrigittim and 6 residents of Warmagre.
In the semi final (1leg), Khliehmawlieh (leading Group-D) will face Mawlai SC (leading Group-A) at home at PA Sangma Stadium, Tura. at 3:30 p.m.
Jowai, Jymmang 8: The Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai has decided not to accept any payments by cash students but has directed them to pay by Digital Payment.
I remember a friend of mine who took on fatherhood without thinking about the responsibility he had to carry.
The caller informed Mashen that he had been selected for this post and that he should immediately submit the necessary documents along with a signature letter to which Mashen agreed.
Therefore, the government should take action and clarify the terms of the peace talks before proceeding with this process,” said Dr Mukul.
Not only that.
In fact, NEHU has already released the results of all the students in July 2014 and after this there are students who have not received their marks in the last examination and have sent them back for correction. once their subjects.
During the curfew hours, Lachumiere and Dhankheti roads will be one-way.
This was done after an inspection by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare who ordered the market dwellers to clean up the garbage in the area of ​​Iawmusiang. The residents of Iawmusiang have donated for the cleaning of the streets which have turned into garbage dumps, so that they can use these streets and another is in order to avoid infections which can cause various diseases and to improve the movement.
This is God's promise to the children of Israel, from the beginning God said to Abraham – “To your seed I have given this land (the land of Israel), from the river of Egypt to the great river. well, to the Euphrates" Genesis 15:1
He said that the Seiñ Raij Jowai this year has organized this Behdeiñkhlam in collaboration with the NEC Shillong, the Department of Tourism, the Department of Planning, Art and Culture and the JHADC.
(Please read again and we will publish the interview with this young man on another day) (We did not publish the picture of this young man because he requested not to publish his picture, we can only discuss).
In fact, the union has repeatedly urged and forced the company to re-employ her, but has not listened to the demands of the union.
Listening to the speech of the residents of the village, it is understood that they are very sad if the pond will be transferred to Assam, because it is a very important pond in the village. The money from the fund was used to pay the salaries of the teachers who teach at the school in Maikhuli.
SHILLONG: The 15th Children's Tournament of the Seng Khasi Sein Raij has been successful with the participation of children from all over the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
Teibor Marweiñ, President of the Society, said that it is a shame to see that the Nonbah River in the middle of Nongstoiñ, will be filled with garbage from alcohol bottles, plastic, that jain jot, that coat box.
Sohryngkham MDC Pynïaid Sing Syiem has been elected as the new Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
Daistong VPIC has prepared about 46,000 tree seedlings in the affected areas this year. Daistong VPIC has received fund support to plant trees through the meglife project under the MBDA of the government. Meghalaya and the Chairman of Daistong VPIC expressed his gratitude to the JICA (Japan International Cooperation Agency) for its support to the state government in this goal of reforestation of treeless areas. Through this project, it will bring about change and benefits through the trees planted will provide us with clean air and water and will remove bad air after a few years when they grow up.
In his opinion, the reservation was set for a short period of time, only to be equal to others and then abolished, but it continues even after the independence of the state, for 50 years.
These items were sold at a higher price, the jaiñsem was sold at 50 tyngka each, the juti was sold at 5 tyngka shijur, the pela was sold at price 2 tyngka each and others.
In the ninth round, Amlarem Social Club and Seinbhalang Shkentalang scored 14 points, Jarain 13 points, Dongmihsngi Mupyut 11 points, Pdengkarong Youth Club 8 points, Mani-bha 5 points and Umladkhur 4 points each. and Article
However, the truth should not be hidden or hidden, lest it become evil later.
The eye treatment was inaugurated by V.Kyndiah, CEO Cantonment Board, in the presence of former MLA Manas Choudhury, Jains and other groups.
Furthermore, Bah Arkhe urged the people especially the supporters not to bamja khluit because it is not yet a matter of completion and it is still a matter that can be resolved and discussed when they meet with him. MLA.Only a day after the people expressed their anger against the decision of two HSPDP MLAs including Bah Shakliar Warjri and Bah Methodius Dkhar who left to support the The President of the HSPDP, Bah KP Pangniang, on Tuesday admitted that the MLAs of the HSPDP party have decided to withdraw their support from the NPP and Two HSPDP MLAs, on 3rd October, during a meeting of the parties including UDP, VPP, Congress, PDF, TMC and HSPDP, Speaking to reporters, Bah Pangniang said that the HSPDP MLAs have left to support the NPP without informing the HSPDP leaders. These two MLAs have left without the knowledge of the party leaders and on this basis I have sent a letter to the HSPDP. letter to withdraw their support because the party has not yet decided.
Shillong Police on Tuesday said that a resident of Shillong has lodged a complaint that on 12th June, 2024, money worth T.99,928 has been withdrawn from his credit card. ' which belongs to ICICI Bank without your knowledge.
“We are unhappy with Conrad K Sangma, Prestone Tynsong and Lahkmen Rymbui on this decision, because FASTOM is not for one person or three but for all and on our part, we demand that it should raise everyone equally," he added.
According to the CEO, the chip age of the machines is up to 15 years.
Aiba FC's Marshal Nongtnger of Aiba FC revived the game before the end of the minute. played in extra time.
“The KSU has also received information that last night (Friday) the riots in Laitumkhrah were caused by the unjustified assault by the Dkhars on the Khasi children.
Therefore, in the meeting between the RBYF and MePDCL, it was agreed that those who have faced the sudden increase in electricity bill, have decided not to pay the electricity bill, until the Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that many of the electricity consumers and MePDCL officials The residents of the state have not taken action to follow the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, such as wearing masks or keeping a distance from each other especially in public places.
A group of more than 10 Maoist militants went to the village and entered Kanhar's house.
Para Ri baied, the question I would like to ask is, Does that Jaintia really exist? If you have, where did you come from? what is your new longbriew? What is your Kheiñ Kur count? how to judge the country and so on.
Rangbah HR Kurbah also gave a speech of encouragement to the members. Rapborlang Syiemlieh, the current President of the Seng Samla, explained the working methods of the Seng Samla. who is young now.
The organizations opposed to the public hearing include the 6 Shnong Welfare Association, the Umkiang Dorbar Shnong, the Umkiang Youth Association, the Sunapyrdi Youth Association and the Sunapyrdi Dorbar Shnong. Shillong: The HYC has supported Star Cement for its plan to mine Mawshun from more than 40 hectares at Brichyrnot, Lumshnong.
The BJP member said that it was the BJP and its members who elected and appointed Bah Mawrie as President on the basis of his leadership quality.
Nongpoh: The Union of Village Leaders of Umroi-Umiam Area, today held an emergency meeting in Umeit village, to explain the issue of Umeit village leaders. Saiful Ali, who admitted that he lives in Umeit and owns land in the village.
The singers of the song include Ithuhbha Sumer and the dancers are Hanidahun Lamare, Lamlynti Lamare, Missena Paswet, Pleasant Phalangki, Resto Suchiang and Sambun Pyrtuh.
Efty United won the toss and elected to bat first.
The chess tournament will be held in two categories – Open and Under-13 and will be held in the Swiss system of seven rounds with a time of 50 minutes and 5 seconds due to increments in each round.
During the visit, the Drug Inspector inspected the documents of 5 pharmacies which were open on that day and found that 2 of them had proper documents and 3 pharmacies did not have proper documents. and the union immediately closed down these shops.
Among these goals, Iawren received the assistance of Marbarin Nongrum who used to score from the right side for both of her goals.
The manufacture of nuclear weapons is another threat to mankind all over the world. From the factories of this age, viruses of all kinds emerge and cause disease. to mankind here on earth.
He said that this has affected the people especially those who come from the rural areas who don't know anything and have to pay as they demand. They demand T.20 even if they stand for a while.
They also urged the youth of the Dkhar community especially those who are still studying to be hardworking and diligent in their education to win the right to education.
“There are about 5,000 rooms in three star and five star hotels in Ahmedabad, while the total in Gujarat is about 10,0
" When the sick man heard, he answered, "I have heard," so they went to the village without seeing the sick man.
India today ranked ninth in the number of confirmed cases of covid-19, following the US, Brazil, Russia, UK, Spain and Italy.
Tura, July 01 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, will hold a meeting with various groups in Garo Hills on July 3 to discuss the issues related to the Roster System.
Therefore, the family members and others who have any connection with the deceased are urged to immediately collect the body from the morgue of the hospital. The Shillong Municipal Board has sent the body to the Shillong Municipal Board for further investigation.
The order was issued by SN Marak, Controller of Examination, MBOSE, Tura.
The Center for Gender Equity and Diversity Education and Research (GENDER) of Martin Luther Christian University has been named one of the finalists in the Gender Equality and Social Inclusion category for its project on Gender , reproductive health and life skills education for university students, broader effects on faculty, academics, policy and community.
you're right about this law.
Her purpose was to tell a story about what had happened to Their journey the previous day.
In fact, wealth must enter the heart so that with love we can use it properly for the future.
Rupang has tried to talk to James Ban Basaiawmoit on the resignation of Roshan. He said that he has nothing to say but maybe it is the resignation of Roshan. I feel that I can no longer continue my work as I have expressed in the newspapers.
“For personal reasons, I have decided to resign from my post, which is from today and it is a great honor for me to serve the Reserve Bank of India in various positions. in these many years,” said Patel.
Hek said the DGP is in good health and Hek said, “He has only mild symptoms and his regular treatment is being monitored by doctors. of Shillong Civil Hospital.
DSO of East Khasi Hills Denial Dan and CEO of Meghalaya Football Association Arki Nongrum were also present at the tournament.
Are we selfish or do we live only for selfishness? It doesn't matter and it doesn't matter because (as long as it is) we must never forget that 70 or 80 of the citizens of the State are farmers (budlum) who support us physically and spiritually. and support the income of the State and all its citizens.
Suchen said this is not the first time but it has happened dozens of times in the past years.
In the first innings, Nongdawah CC failed to tied first after winning the toss and set a target of 105 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 18.4 overs.
Speaking to Mawphor, Bah Allantry said that as a party, we are in unity and the belief that it can split is just a lie.
“The Basketball Federation is pleased to hand over to the Meghalaya Basketball Association to hold the first round of the 72nd Junior National Basketball Championship for Men and Women of the North East Zone in Shillong from 14th to 17th March. 2022, to select the teams for the 72nd Junior National Basketball Championship in Karnataka from 21st to 28th November 2022,” said BFI General Secretary Chander Mukhi Sharma in a statement. The BFI has urged the MBA to prepare for the championship according to the BFI's guidelines. The Inspection Committee of the BFI will visit the venues.
Of course, the mohkhiew also has a kind of work that the lyngkor cannot do.
Bihar started the second innings but the opening batsmen lost their wickets early in 20 overs, and these wickets were taken by Bishnoi (2/19).
The court has sent the PIL to the Attorney General of India for consideration and has also sought clarification from the state government and district councils.
The tree planting in Moolamylliang village is no different in that the villagers under the leadership of the Waheh Shnong have actively participated in the planting of Sohphan (Jackfruit) trees.
On that day, it was seen that the residents of Baridua village, including the longkmie and longkpa, came together to go to the Durbar hall. However, when they arrived at the scene, they learned that the Syeim intended to introduce the Acting Rangbah Shnong, who was elected by the Hima Mylliem.
The owner leads or sends leads.
At the same time, the NPP leader said that the Bill will be introduced in Parliament and added that the UCC will be against the interests of the people of India. .
He said that the urban department should also look into the development of Shillong which has become inexplicably crowded.
He said that in fact the government should provide electricity lines to the hospitals so that the works will not be interrupted and affect the patients.
IO Khongjee scored 21' and K Lhuid 73' for Langsning.
According to information received, the youth is a resident of Down-Gate, Nongpoh Proper and the incident happened at 3 or 4 pm this evening.
Since last year, education in the state has been slow due to the curfew to combat the global pandemic of Covid-19 but this year the opportunity has been opened for the education department and the students who have arrived in This examination will be conducted for the improvement of education in the state and the nation.
People have cut down all the trees that used to hold the ground on this road, so that they can use it for farming.
“This decision was taken after careful consideration that the 300 meter limit is too far especially in Shillong where there is a lot of space,” he said.
In marketing, they place a high value on possessing, including the respect for private property.
Everroy Myrsing, U20 Event- 100M.Primus Ronghi, U20 Event- High Jump & Long Jump.
He was born on October 12, 1987 and died on November 16, 2012 in the 2012 incident when he was overwhelmed by a glacier in Jamu & Kashmir.
Because the truth we know is only a shadow of that true truth.
The Khasi and other ethnic groups have started cultivating rice in India and cultivate Oryza sativa japonica which they have mixed with another rice seed known as Oryza sativa indica. agriculture has grown and developed until India has become the most populous country in the world.
The former CEM said he does not trust the state government to listen to change by revising the rules as suggested by the SKRS because he has seen that the government is holding the jutang.
This is a tree plantation, where diesel can be obtained by planting trees, where the seeds of the tree can be converted into diesel fuel.
From what is happening in the Khaddar administration these days, it is impossible not to mention the actions of the SNHBH when it comes to the Riti and Dustur. Do its leaders know the Tynrai? But if they really want to revive their tradition, shouldn't they have done it first? For when they have received all that the nation needs and have put them in order, all that remains will be given to them.
The District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District has imposed 144 CrPC in Mynkjai after the Jowai Municipal Board refused to collect garbage for many months due to the protest of six villages and the KSU War Jaintia Circle.
In the Gospel of Matthew, it is said: “And ye shall hear of wars and rumors of wars” (Matthew 24:6).
So far, the NIA has seized 96 items of property in J&K. About 39 Myanmar soldiers have been arrested and taken to Zokhawthar Police Station in Mizoram for illegal possession of property. from the border areas of Myanmar after being attacked by People's Defense Force troops.
The Chief Minister also strongly opposed the implementation of only three words in the new Education Act, saying it would affect the feelings of the people of Tamil Nadu. How.
" The mart also has a role for the participation of trainees from all over the country under the Yuva Tourism with the aim of allowing the trainees to understand for themselves this rich region in terms of you date.
The Churches teach to protect one's soul, life from sin and blood in order to escape the eternal fire of hell.
It will be a blessing if it is handed over to the skilled Khasi youth through the Self Help Groups,” said the statement.
Speaking to reporters, Hek said that in East Khasi Hills district there are 419 cases of Covid-19, 287 cases from BSF, 21 cases from armed forces and 111 cases from civilians.
Since 26.01.1950 (Republic Day), the Khasi States have been annexed within the boundaries of the ASSAM STATE according to the definition in the First. Schedule' of the Constitution of India which further provides that the Khasi States shall fall within the boundaries of the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills Autonomous District. by Paragraph 20:sub-paragraph (2) of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Your Pan card and ATM card are not owned by Unity Sna.
Therefore, the political parties in the state announce the candidates in the first list in November and the second list in July before the candidates go to file their nomination papers.
However, that incident did not discourage ISRO's scientists from preparing for Chandrayaan-3
The APEX model helps children to become courageous, interested and respectful of the subject of science, to have positive and constructive life habits, and to be proud of their background.
he continued his studies at st.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Roland Lyngdoh President of CoRP Nongpoh Circle said that the reason why the party has chosen this village is because this village is famous for its lymbit crematorium. It is also known as Pnah kyndeng and it is necessary to preserve the forests and to take care of the environment. The organization has taken this step to plant trees as part of the celebration of the Environment Day. on the 5th July and at the same time the 25th Anniversary of the party will be celebrated this year.
He recalled that in the first phase, the voice and will of the people was taken into account to end the border dispute between the two states.
It was Meghalaya's first victory in the tournament after drawing against Nagaland and losing one against Sikkim on the first day of the tournament.
“It is important to open a safe path for the top leaders and members of the HNLC. To ensure our safety,” he said. it will bring confidence and open the way for us to participate in peace talks.
Five judges have been appointed for the interview. These five judges are Bah S. Kharsyiemlieh (Judge District Council Court) as chairman, Prof. LS Gassah (Dept.
There are those who believe that skei is a female and sier is a male of the same species.
Former Chairman VK Singh (Retd.) and Director (Technical) Hemanta Deka (Retd.) have not visited the Head Quarters since they were appointed as Chairman and Director (Technical).
On the other hand, these political parties promise to provide these foreigners with protection and employment opportunities and all the benefits enjoyed by Indian citizens, including the right to become full citizens of India. India, as 80% to 90% of these Bangladeshis have illegally entered India without proper documents.
Shillong: The Khasi District Council (KDC) has decided to remove the interim Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem and appoint another Pa'iem. Ricky Manik Syiem, who was arrested in the past few days.
This new theme focuses on partnering with investors through many ways to help them lead a worry-free life.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Bajop Pyngrope expressed his special gratitude to the Kyntiew La-I-Sap for organizing such a tournament as part of bringing together and getting to know each other. jan shnong, because in sports they always meet the stronger and the weaker but when they are strong or weak they should not think that in the game there will always be a winner and a loser.
Bah Process was the chief guest along with others and Kong H Rynjah President Women Wing Nongpdeng Unit conducted the meeting.
The 6-year-old boy fell from the fifth floor of the house where he lived after being bombed and tied by his mother on that day.
Thus, as the capital of the new province, Shillong gradually became the home and capital of various ethnic groups who came to settle as government officials, while others came as traders and contractors. ban earn money.
“Listen, don't be too surprised, Rida understands...” said Panah.
The deceased were identified as Pyndapbiangmi Ryngkhlem (9) and Mebankynsai Suchiang (12) from Mookyrdup.
Khliehriat, Naitung 16: Police of the Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) East Jaintia Hills District, on receiving a tip from intelligence agencies, arrested two persons carrying drugs. Blei has held a camp at Nongsning.
The new office bearers of the party include President Biangshwa Shylla, Vice President Bikin Pasleiñ, Chairman Working Ryngkhlem, General Secretary Suiam, Asst Secretary Beterborn Sungoh, Treasurer Showmiwell Kyndait, Publicity Secretary M.S. Tyngkan, Adviser – Pyrkhat Shylla with 11 Executive Members.
Work is underway on the Tribal Research Institute at Chidekgre (Babadam) in West Garo Hills and once completed, it will be a research center not only for the state but for the entire North East.
“After receiving information that there are about 30 or 40 foreigners who have entered the country by Night Super Bus, after we have received information, When we arrived at the scene, we didn't find the number plate of the bus but we were able to arrest these foreigners who came here and that too they were not those who claimed to be them. They are Assamese but when we ask their names, we know that they are Muslims, we can also say that they are Bangladeshis because everything has caused an incident that would have happened if these people came from one country. moment to moment here within our country.
For M.Sc and PhD students studying in the College of Agriculture and who have completed their studies, they must continue their research work at nearby Colleges CAU, ICAR or KVK by arrangement. together with their teachers or guides.
The office bearers of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Marwet District include Bestarwell Shylla as Chairman, Elin Suting as Vice Chairman, Regular Pohshna as Vice Chairman and Boney Khongmalai as General. Secretary and others.
The residents also said that if this bridge is destroyed, the biggest problem will be for the residents of Ri Bhoi Sepngi.
Jerusalem was surrounded by its enemies, the Temple was destroyed without leaving a stone upon a stone by the Roman army under the command of Titus the Roman soldier in the same porch of the Roman Emperor .
When the Prime Minister returned to Shillong, we intended to convene an All Party Meeting.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the state government has requested T.300 crore from the central government as assistance for the disaster. in the force of nature.
Religious festivals, songs have been turned into human mourning Amos 8:1
Inside Mother's Recipe Ready to Cook there are many lists of easy to cook recipes that everyone can cook.
These groups had recently met with DoNER Minister Jitendra Singh to demand a separate District Council for them.
We are well prepared to deal with any incident,” he said in a tweet.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday put up banners and posters across the city to commemorate the National People's Democratic Alliance (MDA) government. Party (NPP) to take action to ensure the rights of four Khasi-Pnars who lost their lives on 22nd November, 2022 in the shooting by forest guards and police Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills District, Assam.
Nongpoh: The Enforcement Wing of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today inspected the Trading and Labor License of foreigners living in Jerobad Mawsmai area. District.
The Model Code of Conduct has been announced before the election.
