Shillong, March 24: St Joseph's Church Mawkhar will hold a Procession of Mary on the 27th of this month from 5:30 pm, according to a statement issued by Bah Sharaid Nongbri, Social & Publicity Secretary, St Joseph's Church Mawkhar. Parish Pastoral Council Mawkhar.
When the hour of sleep came, the children went into their room.
It was also seen that Babu Birbor had to stick to his fellow teachers to walk and stand.
The JSU strongly condemns the CM's statement that he has nothing to do with the Environmental Clearance of Star Cement but the JSU does not accept this statement of the CM. MoEF&CC has sent a letter to the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (JSU) alleging that the Chief Minister has sent two letters on 26/07/2020 and 10/02/2 to request the MoEF&CC to use para 7 clause (v) stage 3 of the EIA, 2006 to cancel the public hearing on the Star Cement mine. The JSU strongly condemns the actions of the CM and does not accept his personal actions and alleged that he has sent a letter to the MoEF&CC of the Government of India and this action of the CM shows clearly. He said that there is no knowledge or consultation with the Cabinet Ministers as it appears now that there are ministers of the state who are against the EC of Star Cement.
These insects, which arrived in India, are said to have come from Iran and Pakistan and have been invading parts of western and central India. The reason for this is because most of the food has already been harvested by the farmers and they walk around without finding food and go to the places where they can find food.
According to the information received, the child disappeared in the evening, when he was coming from the evening service, but in the middle of the road he disappeared and was shot dead. From that time on, he did not return home and did not know where he was.
“We have been able to bring about many things to avoid fear and provide security for the people of the state,” said Conrad. pyllong in South Tura.
, Life Insurance Corporation of India, Mazagon Duck Shipbuilders Ltd.
HK Thabah, Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills District was the Chief Guest in the presence of Bah S Nongsiej who represented the BDO. , Nongstoin, Bah D.Rapsang Officer Incharge NYKS Nongstoin, Br.
In the past, young men had money.
The crowd is the one who sets the seat as well as the one who takes the seat.
He and Ashwin hold the top two positions in the Test all-rounders.
There is a saying that there is no point in learning to read when the mind does not know how to think or in foreign languages ​​they say highly literate but not educated.
Up to 13 groups took part in the parade and were saluted by the chief guest.
Louis said that these two men robbed Diness while he and his friend were on their way home but one of Shining's friends escaped after being beaten. Diness's friend who is a member of HNYM.
At the same time, the Union Government through Kamal Prakash, Under Secretary, has directed that the funds have been allocated on the basis that the work should be completed on time according to the rules and regulations. and command.
I have ordered the department and our contractors to expedite the implementation before the floods,” Sarma said.
He said that these contractors are led by contractors from the state. “We don't know whether they want to earn money or not,” said Thomas. He recalled that 6 or 7 buses of foreigners have arrived at NEIGRHIMS which KHNAM has received.
In the complaint lodged by the trader, he alleged that two or three Sengbhalang leaders were involved in the robbery and the drivers of his vehicle recognized the faces of the robbers.
“We are fortunate that when I took over the Social Welfare Department two months ago, the Ministry in Delhi has allocated funds for 226 new Angwandi Centres.
“We would like to send a statement to the Government that as the people know that HITO stands firm to demand a review of the Reservation Policy, but surprisingly, this Government has sent this letter to “It's the office of the party,” said HITO President Donbok Dkhar.
The road from here follows the sharing of a budlum of a small hill which reaches Lad Pnar, here in Lad Pnar the surrounding area is flat and the height in these areas is more than 2000 feet above sea level. sea.
The closing date for submission of nominations is October 10, 2014.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 02: The Dorbar of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District has expressed its regret over the government's ban on quarrying. Development works in the villages as they have to transport stones and shyiap from far away places.
“The Government should recognize the needs of the people of the country and provide for their rights.
He also said that the salary of Pakistan coach Siegfried Aikman will be released soon.
Speaking at the closing ceremony at Moreau Institute of Integral Training (MIIT) after the cleanliness drive at Dhanketi Parking Lot, the Minister said that many groups, private individuals and departments have done their part. it is not in its own right, and it needs to bring about the cooperation of all.
In an interview with the French media, Professor Montagnier, who has studied and discovered HIV, said that the combination of several parts of HIV, including the bacteria. malaria and the new corona virus called COVID-19 has led him to come to another way of thinking and that is that the COVID-19 virus was made in a laboratory and not like others. China's foreign minister said he started from the Huanan animal market in Wuhan.
Next season, he played in the I-League with the first team players and played 11 matches, including wins against Indian Arrows, NEROCA FC and Aizawl FC. In 2018-19, he played in all the matches and won against Aizawl, Punjab FC and Churchill Brothers.
In the recent Budget Session, the Leader of the Opposition Dr Donkupar Roy demanded that the government should release the tax on synsar and sla tyrpad as the collection of tax has caused the farmers to suffer. knot.
In the Senior Cadet Girls – 50kg, Espiranza S. Songthiang won the silver medal, Naphisabet Sun Lyngdoh won the silver medal and Hammyllienki Dkhar won the bronze medal.
The Dorbar Shnong Qualapatty, Shillong together with the Qualapatty Social and Cultural Club has decided to hold a cleanliness drive on the 17th of this month starting at 8 pm.
The three NPP candidates include Jowai MDC Ailad Bhoi, former MDC Hambertus Nongtdu from Sutnga Saipung and former MDC Violet Lyngdoh from Khliehriat.
This reporter has not yet spoken directly to Dasakhiatbha Lamare, to confirm whether this news is true or just a Hamsaia news, but from what we have heard from people from Dasakhiatbha Lamare will not contest the 2023 election from Mawhati.
She scored another goal in the next minute to lead the team to a 4-0 lead.
According to reports, the deceased were sleeping when the fire broke out.
They said that the meeting was only a desire to take a decision from the leaders and not a public meeting, but they expressed their delight to see that the voice of the leaders was heard on that day. Through this day, the UDP leaders hope that the UDP party will turn to Bah Sunshine Makri for the ticket in this election. Umsning Constituency.
That incident in Laitumkhrah is just one example of many incidents that we don't know have happened.
Thus Bodoland and Gorkhaland were created.
These things are not long.
More than 10 billion people stayed at home on Sunday around the world and the coronavirus has claimed 13,000 lives so far, the report said.
On the other hand, the Association strongly requests the government not to dismiss them from their jobs as they have been teaching or working.
Justice Sen directed the Registrar to seek clarification from Bah Nongrum and two English newspapers, The Shillong Times and Meghalaya Times on why they should not be prosecuted for slander. respect the Court that appeared in their news.
The police station is well built of stoneblock and dewbilat.
In the afternoon, a public service was conducted by Moderator Kiki Pakma who also gave a speech while Rev. Sowat Laloo distributed the Anniversary message.
The Government should have provided more dignified and safe places for the vendors.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle on Tuesday said that the Lakroh Bridge connecting many villages on the India-Bangladesh border is in danger and needs urgent repair. .
Gossypium barbadense is now commonly grown in Sindh.
The career guidance is to prepare you for various bank exams and he said that at present there are very few youths from this district who get jobs in banks.
Whatever happens, I don't want to be awarded Srinivasa's gold medal.
“It is necessary to ban plastic because it does not rot and it is a polluter of cleanliness and a garbage collector,” said Bah Ronnie.
She said that from now on, all government departments including districts, PSUs which have vacancies, should get the approval of the Personnel & AR (B) Department before issuing a public announcement. you are not light.
Speakers at the meeting included AHPUF General Secretary Chandame Sungoh, AHPUF President Alan Niangti, Jaintia Students Union, Treior Suchen, family members of AHPUF. (L) Damehipaya Papeng and (L) Fullmoon Kharsahoh and others.
I believe in Dem, I pray in my prayers for the peace of Niaw-wasa.
Macdonlad said that the PMGSY road starts from Umpung village and connects Mawpud village and until now this village has only one road for use especially for the purchase of food items. such as Balat and Ranikor.
The planet Mercury is the closest to the Sun and Pluto is the farthest.
In 2013, the KHADC issued licenses to 8296 foreigners at a fee of T.200 for Skilled Labour, T.150 for Semi Skilled Labour. Skilled Labour) and T.100 for Unskilled Labour.
He also alleged that the Prime Minister has hampered the cause of the Naga people by canceling the ceasefire agreement with the NSCN (K).
“Dr Mukul, who is the leader of the AITC, said that if they come to power, they will cancel the MoU.
He said that those who oppose the Bill are those who don't have Khasi blood because they don't have Dkhar blood.
Most of the land in the state belongs to the private sector, and the villages have been quarrying which has led to the destruction of water supply systems and rivers.
Indeed, it is a golden opportunity for the Congress to try to find a leader or president even if they are not Gandhians, to know the difference.
Speaking on the roads in the border areas, the Chief Minister said that it is only the MDA government that has come forward to implement the demands of the people and has been able to release a budget of T 120 crore. 29.5 kilo meter road on the border and this will connect many villages in the border areas and the foundation stone has already been laid for the construction of this road.
He said that the department intends to expand and increase the Dohkha farming industry to create job opportunities for the people of the state.
The case has been handed over to the CBI on the advice of the Chief Minister of Assam – Himanta Biswa Sarma who has directed the DGP to take special measures on the incident.
Perhaps it is not necessary to mention each word and it is written only enough for the readers to understand and to understand the words.
This attempt to make Hindi a compulsory subject is also an attempt to destroy and exterminate the indigenous languages.
Not only that, the credit also goes to all the teachers who have worked hard to provide quality education to the students regardless of whether they are intelligent or poor but have provided the same education. children will be able to retain what they have learned inside the classrooms.
In the evening, there was a drawing competition with the participation of those who are still inside the Halfway Home. prizes and food.
On becoming a member of the Regional Committee, Bah Marngar said he accepted this initiative so that he could express the problems faced by the people of the border area.
He said that in the Mission Document, it is planned that the state will spend T.80 crore per annum to run the market and generate benefits from sohphan.
He said the four districts which have not registered a single case under the NDPS Act are Eastern West Khasi Hills, East Garo Hills, North Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills.
Shillong: The NPYF Amlarem Block under the leadership of Jinesh Lamin President and Wanribhaki Tariang Genl.
Sports officials who worked from 1997-2022 were also honoured.
On the evening of the 16th of this month, he left home to fill up his car in Tura and has not returned home since.
Speaking to reporters, UDP Senior Working President Bindo M Lanong said that the issues include taking responsibility for the village affairs, the Hima, not to have any power but to Find the way of cooperation with the District Council.
The referendum or opinion poll was held before the 1947 Partition.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today announced an allocation of T.100 crore for the Chief Minister CARE Program to be implemented in the year 2024-2
In the past few months, the state government has decided to close for one day the entry and exit points in the state for three months every first month starting from the month of November. March and November.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 19: The UHM WKHD together with other members of the Seng Bhalang under the leadership of President Samla Moonstar Nongrem, on Tuesday inspected the mining site at Mawiatep-Mawlangria in Rambrai area. Sordar Shnongs and residents of Rambrai area.
What happened before, happens now.
We Need one generation to lead positive change – Self.
Nazeem Pulikkal in the men's category and Phurba Tamang in the women's category came first in the 21KM category.
The order also urged the shopkeepers and buyers to follow the guidelines of the state health department.
He said that the people of the state should no longer be afraid of the threats of other parties that the BJP will ban churches, ban eating beef, but if they really want change, The BJP is the only party in Meghalaya that has done many things related to development in the states where it has been in power and even in the “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Kharkrang.
All the participants expressed their happiness to walk through the paths of the chiefs, soldiers and all the ancient chiefs and the signs on the paths are the signs of the ancients. passed through the Pnar country.
Prestone said the government has plans to use this fund to improve tourist attractions in the state including the construction of Ward Lake, Crinoline, Convention Centre, Orchid Lake and Umïam Water Sport Complex. , at Nohkalikai, Chibagre, Mawphlang, Convention Center Tura, Heritage Village Sohra.
Although the State has been a full state for 51 years, the number of these students who may one day become the shapers of the future of the rural areas as in other states of this is India.
“The participants in the National Seminar to be held on the 29th and 30th of this month will be experts from Shillong and other cities of India, such as Delhi, Pondicherry, Hyderabad, Bangalore and other places.
Shillong: The employees of MeECL under the banner of MeECL (CCOR MAU) have suspended their intention to strike to demand the implementation of their demands including the payment of wages. Speaking to media, CCORMAU leader Arju Dkhar said that CCORMAU leader Arju Dkhar said that there is a political will. government to resolve the issues of the employees as well as of the Corporation.
The meeting was also attended by the Chief Guest, Bah B.Nongkynrih, Director of Impulse NGO Network, school teachers and other friends who support the work of the Foundation.
Earlier, two persons from Nongpriang village died, one Nolan Syngai died at CHC, Sohra and Pyntngen Suting (son) died at Civil Hospital, Shillong. Four others are still undergoing treatment at NEIGRHIMS. The wife of the deceased (Pyntngen) has passed away.
You will receive a cash prize and a trophy.
The counting of votes for the Mairang Civil Sub Division will be held at the Mairang Civil Sub Division office in Mairang.
In another match, R.L.L.S.C.O beat Touchline by 59 to 38 points.
Nongpoh: It will be a surprising incident that the youths in the village will have to cut down trees from the village forest, in order to raise money and to buy land to turn it into a playground.
He who speaks freshly and has strong teeth even though he is old.
“We will look into this negligence so that we can arrest the people involved in this theft and punish them according to the law.
He added that the Seng does not oppose if the Government decides to set up a C&RD Block in any part of the State but the Government should think more first this time to set up a C&RD Block in Umdohlun or in Revelation.
The main purpose of this program is to train school children on the laws relating to the lives of people in case of conflict and how to prevent child abuse. The Juvenile Justice Act, 2015, Cyber ​​Crime and NALSA Scheme 2015 will be explained to them.
Think about it, if Jesus, the Son of God, is destroyed by Satan, how much more so is it for man.
In relation to the robbers, the Dorbar Shnong strongly warns that if anyone is found trying to set fire to the incident, by trying to destroy the property of the people owned by private individuals, they will be punished. The Dorbar Shnong shall not refuse to punish anyone who organizes groups and government property within the Village of Mawkhlam Nongpyndeng according to the Village Laws.
The owners have been directed to contact the Muktapur Police Station for further discussion.
He was chosen because he was a member of his own race; only because you belong to the same religion; only because he has a thylliej and a triem ; Just because he is a good person who can distribute money during elections, it will lead us all to hell.
Ma Vincent Pala said he has tried hard to convey the concerns of the chiefs in Delhi and asked for time to Rajnath Singh, Minister of Home Affairs, for three months, but so far, he has not given any time and said that in the committee to amend the Sixth Schedule, the members of the BJP, trying to amend the rules of the Sixth Schedule.
The assistant of this song is Wantei Syiemlieh and Kitjingmut Lyngdoh Rngaid.
“One constituency will receive T1 crore and the MDCs should send the works to be implemented as soon as possible.
The meeting was also attended by EC members of the UDP party including Lowing Sangriang, Caphius Lyngkhoi and Qwest Paliar. Bimstar Lyngkhoi, Secretary of Farmer's Wing, Phostin Diengan and Eric Thongni, President and Secretary of Youth Wing, and other executive members including from West Khasi Hills District Executive Members.
In fact, it is a sign that the MDA-2 government led by the NPP should not take stingy with the will of the people.
It is time for us to unite and fight for the strengthening of the Hynniewtrep people, said the HNLC General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary, Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw. , we published the news, that Raphael Samuel, in which he vowed to sue his mother and father, that they gave birth to him, without his consent.
Furthermore, 15% of India's total natural gas production comes from this region.
Other speakers included Fabiola Rupa Dhar (Lawyer) on behalf of the youth, Leslymon Dhar on behalf of the women, Adviser LLKD Jaintia and DB Dhar on behalf of the General Secretary. Nila Dhar, Treasurer, Shillong Kur President Stevenson Nongdhar, Nartiang Dolloi H. Dhar and others.
As part of the celebration of the right to freedom of religion, Nikam said the party will repeal the Arunachal Pradesh Freedom of Religion Act of
When asked by Bah Paul Lyngdoh whether the government has any intention to celebrate Thomas Jones Day, Bah Ronnie said the government does not celebrate and will examine this issue.
They demanded that the police should immediately arrest these people as they have been the instigators of the people by threatening and shooting many youths in the Phulbari area.
Speaking on the arrival of the Catholic Church in Sohphoh, he said that just as Jesus Christ founded the Church on the 12 Apostles, so the Church in Sohphoh was founded on the 12 Apostles. There were 10 early Christians in 1923 and of these 12 now have 105 households.
In the Mrs. Shillong 2019 pageant, Marjorie Noreen Dubai won, Apoorva D Gunka came second and Dorilinia Malngiang came third.
One of the Indian cricketers Suryakumar Yadav's career, especially in the field of batting, has become more and more successful. 1st in the list of batsmen in the latest ICC T20 World Rankings.
Police chiefs in South Garo Hills said they do not know the place where Naga was abducted and the search is ongoing to release him.
“Ka seng is also pleased that the Prime Minister has promised to take action not only on the Mawhati road from Umsning-Mawhati-Umsiang but also on the Mawhati-Mawhati-Umsiang road. Nongpoh-Umden-Umjari road from Umrit to Umlling will be completed within 3 years,” said Bah Donroy Kshiar, Assistant Secretary HNYF Northern Region. “I would like to thank the Chief Minister and the State Government for taking the initiative to clean up these three roads in Ri Bhoi and it will be a blessing to the people of Ri Bhoi and the state as a whole,” he said. added.
Students who passed the examination without being allowed to enter the prompter or Google have failed to enter BA or Bsc with 100% marks.
The state government should arrange this issue with the central government,” he said.
I am very sorry as a Catholic Christian, because many times I have not really kept in my heart the precious stones which our Savior has sent me.
Shillong, Nailar 25 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday said that there is no involvement in the illegal marketing of coal by the state government.
D) from the Department of Education, North-Eastern Hill University, Shillong on a thesis titled “Problems and Challenges of Rural Students in Higher Education in Meghalaya-An Exploratory Study” and completed this thesis within Dr. Euodia B. Myrthong, Assistant Professor, Department of Education, North-Eastern Hill University, Shillong.
Pa'iem Ainam added that thousands of children of the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum have been invited to preserve this rongbiria.
The report, published by The Sun Online, shows that the country will become a major base of terrorists, where they will be empowered to fight against the West in the coming days. after.
Therefore, the government has organized an annual celebration on this day to protect the environment, in order to bring back once again the beautiful and green environment as in the past.
This time, while the villagers are still struggling to demand ILP, the Nongstoiñ Dorbar Shnong has already implemented it.
Basumatary scored 89 runs off 69 balls, including 13 fours.
Shillong, Nailar 2: U Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has intended to remove two government ministers, Prestone Tynsong and Sniawbhalang Dhar.
“It will be my effort to bring and build a close relationship between the police and the people to ensure that peace will come in the society and the state as a whole,” Jain said.
Speaking at the meeting, Prestone praised Dr. Mukul Sangma for being the Chief Minister of North Eastern Region. The Civil Sub-Division has been in existence for 32 years.
It is not easy to blame the old Government and correct one's own mistakes.
Those who attended the meeting included Bah Nivel Shadap, Syiem of Raid Nongtung, Bah Alos Nongpoh, President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Tyrso Area, Marcus Marten, President of HNYF Northern, Bah Marcos Marthong; Publicity HYC, Sengkmie, Rangbah Shnongs from 13 villages in the area, the people and members of the Sengbhalang.
His body was found by his family members while they were on their way to Pynthor to inspect their farm.
The lowest seat was Pyndap Saiborne in 2003, with 222 votes.
In the first leg, Wahiajer Narpuh beat Diengshynrum SC 1-0. Banjop Suting scored the first goal for Wahiajer SC in the 18th minute.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, DC Gotmare, DC Ri Bhoi, said that as DC Gotmare, KSU has banned the registration of Aadhar cards for the people at his office. He cannot stop the people from registering for Aadhar number, as this registration for Aadhar number is the responsibility of the state government.
Let them meet the Ministers and discuss the issues,” Paul told reporters.
If you can't think of something positive right away, try to learn to reduce negative or hopeless thoughts.
The hall and the statue were inaugurated by Meirad Carolina Lamare, one of the founders of the club.
Their diet mostly consists of ja and vegetables, sometimes they eat meat and fish that they catch in the rivers.
Shillong: Meghalaya Police have found a place where the tricolor flag of India was burnt at the Bible Society of India grounds at Madan Student Jaiaw.
However, we are still relying on the investigation by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, which is struggling to find out the truth about the cause of the illness and death of the people who ate and drank. dohsniang after the service in this village, he added.
Shillong, November 2: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has written to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to request him to increase the amount of money withdrawn from banks as this is a happy time for the people. Most of the states are Christians so that they can celebrate Christmas as they do every year.
The Village Education Committee (VDC) on Saturday awarded 21 students who passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations. The awarding ceremony was held at UP School in Moolamylliang. Council (JHADC) Dr. Sankey Shangpung was the chief guest and the meeting was conducted by Ngeitskhem Syrti, Chairman of the VEC. L Rymbai, Asst Headmaster of Moolamylliang UP School.
The village of Ummat was founded in the year
Meanwhile, KSU President Daniel Khyriem said that at the meeting, the KSU has explained to the government that they have received accurate information that the 2 lane road should facilitate the mining of uranium. On that basis, they opposed and suggested that the government should improve the existing roads in the area.
And the only way was to send His Son to Earth to pay the debt of sin from death.
Shillong, Iaiong 12 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the Government has directed the Police to ensure that the smuggling of coal should be stopped immediately. the State.
Shillong, March 24: A delegation of 24 Chief Ministers on the evening of the 21st of this month met with the President of the country, Pranab Mukherjee, who came to visit the country for the first time. the state.
Meghalaya is the transit point for many states in the North East, and for that reason, some of the rules of the ILP need to be amended. The rights of foreigners should not be affected but will help prevent the influx of foreigners so that Meghalaya does not become like other states like Tripura and Assam where the land owners have been affected. become rich paid.
Bah Lahkmen Rymbui said that the state government has decided to open schools after considering the needs of the students. schools may close first and reopen later.
Therefore, just because of the lack of knowledge, they will be taken advantage of by being punished. This is not appropriate, in fact, they should be taught to know.
If we look back at the passage of time, we will see that many changes in the society of the Jaidbynriew came into being when we learned to read and write, that is, only within 200 years or so. four generations.
Speaking to media, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister in charge of Home Affairs, said that if the relatives of the contractor do not come to work for the body, The East Jaintia Hills District authorities will issue an announcement and bury the body of the deceased.
The rally also witnessed the carrying of placards by the participants with various slogans calling for the restoration of peace in Manipur.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government has already prepared 10 festivals in the coming months to promote the reputation of the state and also to promote tourism.
Guest speakers included Dr. Judita Syiemlieh and Bakodor Kharwanlang who is also the Vice President of the All Meghalaya Domestic Workers Union.
Worldwide, 3,400,278 people have been infected and 239,570 have died.
He showed them many of the problems they faced at home.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84781 out of which 83222 have recovered and 1482 have died.
The Tournament Committee also distributed mementos to all the 32 teams who took part in the tournament. Dohling.
The VPP on Tuesday, 9th June 2024, has sent a complaint to the CEO of the state, Dr. BDR Tiwari against Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem. He alleged that the VPP had sent its supporters to shout “Prah” on the day of the NPP rally at Umsning Market.
Nongpoh: The RBYF Mawhati Circle on Saturday confirmed the office bearers of the RBYF Mawhati Circle. Other members of the RBYF Sengkmie.
The tournament will start from 3rd to 8th June 2023 at Bivar Road, Shillong.
The newly appointed MDC of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bindo M Lanong, who is also the former leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP), on November 18, 2023, has announced that he will resign as MDC. The Khasi Hills Democratic Front (KHDF) and the National People's Party (NPP) have expressed their support to the KHADC.
These nine contractors selected by the government include M/s I Nongsiej from Jaiaw Laitdom, MS/.
Shillong, July 18: A complaint was received from Special Wanniang of Mawtawar Laitlum village on July 27, 2013 that her son, Daman Khrew Wanniang (25), has gone missing from her home on July In 2016, she received a mobile phone call, in which it was reported that her son was in the hands of the kidnappers, who demanded T.30 lakh for his release.
However, despite Gokulam's strong efforts, Lajong managed to score again in the 90+8 minutes through captain Hardy. Cliff Township.
“Therefore, this will expedite the application process, monitoring and make it easier to set up businesses in Meghalaya,” he added.
Khimusniang beat Mynthong 4-2 in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Monday.
However, in the second half, Japan turned the tide through Ritsu Doan in the 75th minute and Takuma Asano in the 83rd minute. two for Japan who managed to avoid a goal until the end of the match and won.
They alleged that he did not provide information to their request for information on how much money the family had in the bank.
Police are investigating into the arrest of these Nigerians and the motive behind their illegal entry into India.
But if they are strong, sing praises to the Lord.
Speaking on the harvest of the fruits, Captain Sangma said that many trees have been cut down during the past 10 years.
All these police stations will be set up in 2016-17, he said.
“Therefore, the vision of the MFA is that from next year, the Golden Baby Leagues should start across the districts.
My journey has only just begun, we have a long way to go.
Sangma (60) and Negi (40) scored 144/7 for Meghalaya in their chase of 237 runs to win.
Let the beginning of small things grow to great things, gradually.
He said the delay in the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) is one for which the government has no responsibility.
In my opinion, to despise those who did not receive a Bible in 2006 is completely wrong.
“These are the words of our former GG Swell MP who wrote his vision since 1997 and we see how true his words are and his vision has come true because I don't believe the truth.
When there are such households, those households are the SHLEM that shape those who will become the rishot of the country and the nation.
A serious accident happened on the Shillong-Jowai highway near Pommura village in East Khasi Hills District this morning at about 9 pm.
Before the opening of the RBDCA office, the RBDCA Office Bearers together with the MCAs, visited the two Net Practice Grounds and also a ground at Nongkhrah. The RBDCA wants to turn the ground into a perfect cricket ground.
Shillong: Clashes broke out between Khasi and Garo students and foreigners at the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) campus on Monday night.
“Maybe he wanted to get money if he didn't get hit by a petrol bomb but there was no incident on Saturday night at ANFI.
The opening ceremony was also attended by the Rangbah Shnong of Kyrdem, Bah P. Mukhim, Bah Jibansius Ramshon, Secretary of Raid Mada Kyrdem, Bah Ailad Shadap and other dignitaries.
Bah Hopingwell Phawa, President of Ksehrynshang Namdong Tourist Driver & Owner Association, in his speech, expressed his happiness that the association has been able to help those who are in dire need of assistance. it shall be a blessing to all who receive it.
It is worth mentioning that the current dispute over the signboard is only in Dawki in the Raid Mukertila area as they have received many objections from the signboard committee known as the CCIB. They said that they are not against the signboard but they want that if the signboard is erected, it should be erected from the Zero Line.
The issue discussed during the visit was also on the government's postponement of the GHADC elections for more than a year.
Shillong: The State Government today decided to allow the opening of places of worship only for those who wish to get married in churches.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday called upon all the residents of the village to come out on the 19th of this month to hear the decision of the meeting of various political parties. -Differences in the Roster System and Reservation Policy.
The union also reminded and knew that the delay is due to the fact that many of the senior officers of NHAI have been imprisoned on charges of fraud and corruption.
According to the government's notification from August 2018, cement companies should pay a fare of T.0.70p per tonne per kilometre, but the companies have refused to comply. Thubru said the government should increase the price of petrol for the benefit of the people and truck owners and to order the factories to implement the order of the Transport Department. .
They blame the government, you blame the government but you can tell us, you can stop the thieves even if there are laws,” he said.
“They didn't even listen to us when we asked for time to discuss the issue of B-Mahal land.
Shillong: The UDP supporters from Shella Shella constituency today decided to nominate Dr Donkupar Roy's son Balajiedkupar Synrem to contest the mid-term elections from Shella constituency. .
In order to obtain water, the environment should be well maintained and many trees should be planted around the surrounding area.
To appear in the Legislative Assembly only three times a year without saying anything or asking any questions is useless.
On the other hand, Kong Mercylinda Lynshiang, as a member of the Longkmie, said that she has expressed her appreciation for all the problems that the Longkmie have faced in the villages in the past few years.
Dr. Mukul Sangma was shocked before he concluded his speech as the Chief Minister.
Shillong, June 16: The news of the return of Bah Mit Mawkon, has surprised many newspaper readers, who have sought information about the incident from the office of U Rupang.
“The U-17 girls' team will travel to Europe and will also compete in the Open Nordic Tournament WU16 in Norway from 1st to 1st November.
The pre-quarterfinal will be played on 5th July between Rision FC and Shillong Lajong FC Reserves.
She added, “After 10 pm, I feel people should go home to be with their families, we should have a limit to allow people to open shops for more than 10 at 10 o'clock in the evening because it doesn't feel safe".
The party leaders have already planned and made various formulas to form a government.
Security forces in collaboration with the Assam Police on Tuesday shot dead two members of the Kamtapur Liberation Organization (KLO) during a raid. The headquarters of the party is located in Kokrajhar District, Assam.
“The Governor is pleased to inform the Expert Committee to review the State Reservation Policy as announced in Resolution PER.222/71/138 issued on 12th July. 1972".
The report, obtained by the DAG, shows that the expenditure between July and October 2018 was T.2.459 crore, while the expenditure in October 2018 alone was T.2.459 crore. 1.535 crore and the expenditure in the three days before the end of October 2018 was T.896 crore and the total expenditure for the year was T.9,528 crore, according to the report. The expenditure of 16 percent in October alone shows that there is a deficiency in the financial management of the state government, according to a report by DAG.Kyiv: Mariupol is expected to fall into the hands of Russian troops after 1,000 Ukrainian troops surrendered to Russian troops on Tuesday.
However, only two inches and if it is in that way, the road will not be built for even 10 years and the trucks will be only 12 feet high.
It can be said that from Syria the invaders of Arabia from Europe brought the seeds of soybeans to all the countries of Europe.
A total of 293 members of the RSS, besides civilians, mostly Khasi and about 80 Dkhars, along with tem, put and bat and lathi took part in this march which is the first time. The first time that the RSS has appeared in the state.
From Yung Langdoh, one of the elders along the way announced to the children of the Raij to come together at Lum Loom Mookhai.
As farmers, they don't know why but the middlemen have told them that the kharkaia is too expensive and they can't do anything.
It is true that the rule of the British in our country is not a good example in history, but despite the many shortcomings we must not forget Their vision for the future of our country.
Beijing has always opposed India's land grabbing on the India-China border, China's Foreign Ministry said in a statement today. .
It took me more than three months or four months less until I got a house, now the search for a house in Shillong has become difficult and it takes time to get a house. There is no order in the collection of rent in Shillong, there is no order in the collection of rent, a house or room of the same size, in one region by one price while in another by its other price.
Shillong: The State Government has approved to distribute 72 types of medicines to patients across the State.
Peace comes when everyone has a job and can live like everyone else.
He said that the College has now started to change with the visit of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Sniawbhalang Dhar in the past few days, where he witnessed the footpaths to reach the College and the The construction of these works has started and it is hoped that these works will go smoothly with the help of the present government.
In this Landlord Regulation, it is also necessary to have a minimum size limit for households so that it is in line with the human rights.
Each time after they dried, he would collect and put them back in the tires and return home.
Lajong, after losing three games in a row, are now in 10th position with three points from three games.
The ramew was covered with water.
However, regarding the commercial vehicles, we must also criticize the drivers of commercial vehicles who have been too negligent for their own safety, that is, who have waited for commercial vehicles to ride separately from the front of their houses and who have wanted to and thou shalt not come down right before thee.
On the other hand, Bah Shangpliang congratulated the MDA government for working harder to bring about development in the state and for listening to the concerns of the people.
Meanwhile, Garo Hills has a population of less than 10 lakh (2011 census), and the area is not large with five districts and 24 Assembly constituencies.
During the meeting, the CEO also met with the Director of NEIGRIHMS and the DHS (MI) office to provide free medical facilities to the employees who go to the polling stations for the Lok Sabha elections in the state.
Kiang Nangbah Government College is the only Government College in Jaintia Hills but it is sad that our government has not done anything to improve it.
And of this truth the Word of God itself says: “Thou (Israel) art the side of the sword and the weapon of the nations (kingdoms of the Gentiles) and with thee will I destroy kingdoms, with thee will I destroy the horse and its rider ....
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Saturday said that the Leader of the Opposition, Dr Mukul Sangma, has been accusing the people of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The KHADC has strongly condemned the attack by the KHADC police and foreign journalists on Thursday.
The day was enriched by patriotic songs, traditional dances and other activities with the participation of school children and students of various schools, colleges and villages.
The incident happened at 12:00 pm when the eight persons left Kongthong village to go shopping from Khrang, but only a few minutes after they left the village when they reached more Their vehicle fell into the long sharing river above Kongthong village.
Bah Laloo said the time is no longer the time to cheat, so he urged the clubs to take action and if found cheating the certificates will be canceled immediately with a fine.
The Myanmar troops crossed the border into parts of the country after they were attacked by the CNA and CDF troops during a clash between them.
It is learned that the state government has prepared everything for the injection to test for covid-19 at any time.
Training was given by State Referee Iakmenlang Wankhar and Jeffrey James Shabong.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday said that the state government has turned its attention to other parts of the state regarding the proposal to build a railway line.
The reason why the BJP wins elections from time to time is because it has been able to bring about all those changes and the people are happy with it,” said the BJP. “It is clear from this incident at USTM that the Congress party will lose the trust of the people in the upcoming MP elections,” said the BJP. Shillong, July 24 : Da The state government on Tuesday laid the foundation stone for the construction of three roads to New Shillong Township at a cost of Rs 131 crore.
He said the district authorities have started a thorough investigation into the crime by appointing a Magistrate and also set up a committee to conduct the investigation and have already issued a directive to the department. Territorial Forests through the DFO to submit a report on the illegal logging of the hills and rivers.
I have seen only these parts a little bit, but I see that the film starts with a beautiful nature and even the story, which is about the love of these two young men.
If you don't want them, it's like you want evil to start.
For Christ walked in the world; he came to give hope for the present and the future (Heb.13:8).
Speaking at the meeting, the State Executive Member of the BJP, Bah M.Kharkrang (Retd.IPS) who is also the Spokesperson of the BJP, said that the state needs to have a State Sports Policy. of this policy has prevented talented youths from reaching the heights of fame.
Meanwhile, Samla Johny Nongrum, Sports Secretary of North Khasi Hills District, who competed in the co main event of the tournament, lost to Abhijeet Patkar of Maharashtra in the light heavyweight category.
The Minister was accompanied by the Chief Police Officers of East Khasi Hills in the presence of the DC and other officers.
From these races, the highest time he received was one hour and five minutes.
Although the work of opening the vaccine had not yet started at that time, Team Health India was excited and had reasons for this.
During the inspection, the Deputy Commissioner and District Mining Officer counted a total of 1064 trucks with a capacity of 10 to 16 metric tonnes. 20,000 metric tonnes, but according to the report of the District Officer, the District Officer has handed over to the DC according to the order of the DC, and it has reached 1.41 lakh metric tonnes. On the other hand, Dr. Mukul Sangma said, “Now it is the duty of whom to investigate even after I have submitted all the necessary documents.
Not only that, it was also reported that these men, have tortured the women, who have painted their tyrsim, by cutting off those tyrsim which they have painted.
So please marry me".
In the Khaïi-Pateng, shall the Father write the names of the children who are not his Kur or of the Pyrsa who are his Kur on the Dulir as Nongïohpateng? This question would not arise if the entire Khasi society still relied only on the agriculture of the Riang around the Trep of the Mei in the land of the Kur and the Village.
The slow spirit is the quick spirit.
Noting that his term will end in 2023, the BJP President said it is now up to the party leadership whether he will continue or resign.
We are talking about the Good Samaritan.
The sign can fall to the ground and fall and then fall from the places where it was cut.
Spanish tennis star Carlos Alcaraz's final at the Barcelona Open this year was a successful one as he defeated Greece's Stefanos Tsitsipas in the final. They will compete for the second victory trophy of the tournament.
When asked why the Meghalaya Government has not been able to implement the PITNDPS Act for many years, Bah Paul said, “I cannot explain what has happened in the past years.
Shortly afterwards, Professor GG Swell explained the decision of the Khasi Hima as follows, “The opposition to the inclusion of the Khasi Hima within the District Council is on the grounds that this will bring the Khasi States under the jurisdiction of the Government. Assam and that the Khasi Hills should fall under the State of Assam.
AR Rahman, who spoke to L Subramaniam after the Oscars, said that the reason why Indian films do not receive Best Film awards is because India does not know how to send. The best films will compete in the awards ceremony.
Shillong, July 4: To facilitate the public to complain about the lack of cable TV or any unauthorized cable broadcasting, the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District and Chairman of the District Monitoring Committee for the enforcement of The Cable Television Regulation Act, 1995 informs that complaints from the public can be sent to the Assistant Director of Information and Public Relations, East Khasi Hills, Lower Lachumiere, Shillong – 793001, or phone – 98569-2 cabledmc@gmail.com.
When inquired about her health, she said that she is fine and still strong but she lacks oxygen according to the doctors who came to examine her.
Throughout these years, MCCL has been led by Managing Directors like PH Trivedi, M Das, H Suchiang, JM Thangkhiew, A Didar Singh, MF Blah and others.
Recently, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare informed that seven companies have applied for the EMRI-108 and out of these, three have been selected to submit the tender.
“Wa Jaintia has also faced difficulties in transporting the bodies of the deceased in the area and as of now the number of cases has increased in the area and the lack of ambulance has caused problems and confusion to the people of the area. ," said Lacuna.
If all of us understood this, we would have received the true Bible.
It is also necessary to be careful in the way of arranging because there are some synlar words which are not very well used which are used equally in the society which use both words such as Riewkai or Nongtuh, Riewthok, Riewshukor or Nongkhrong and others such as us.
Ma Shitlang Pale MLA of Sutnga Saipung constituency said, “I strongly oppose these factories because they pollute the environment and demanded that the government should immediately abolish them.
Explaining about the scheme, the Minister said that in the next five years from 2023-24 to 2027-28 with a budget of T 13,000 crore, 18 key projects related to manufacturers – mystery; shipbuilder; munitions manufacturer; shopkeeper; the maker of tyrnem and tools, the maker of lock; goldsmith; potter; the maker of stone, the stonecutter; witnesses; mystery stone, maker of wood, maker of wood, maker of mankind and sports, maker of shniuh; the maker of the house, the carpenter; Fishermen and fish farmers will be covered under the PM Vishwakarma Scheme.
She demanded that the government should hold a referendum to see how many people want to go to Assam and how many want to stay in Meghalaya.
Sunrise scored 165/10 against Super King.
If you look at the Hima Sohra, almost all the Dorbar Shnongs have established their boundaries although there are some disputes.
The death of the shrieh was caused by being caught by an electrical wire while it was entering the area and the dead shrieh weighed 6 kg, said the officials of the department. Wildlife officials went to take the dead shrieh.
The Night Super bus (AS 01 NC 0243) was heading from Silchar to Guwahati.
They are Bah Samlin Malngiang, Ex MLA who has now contested from the NPP and not from the HSPDP.
God is the power of all this.
We will see many Christian states like Goa and Nagaland where the BJP is in power,” he said.
West Jaintia Hills Police under the leadership of DSP Donkupar Moksha today arrested 3 Nigerians and 4 War Jaintia nationals for helping them to smuggle drugs. Bangladesh is the only country in India.
Furthermore, players who are not far away from the cities or towns in the districts of the state will be able to participate in the amateur league. the collection of names of each of the players to show that his name is registered in the name of one of the 20 clubs.
Indeed, at the time of the drafting of the Constitution, there were also dark paths that the founders had to go through and were able to give the citizens of India freedom, equality. bad right.
The District Election Officer's Office through this rule has also prohibited anyone from causing any disturbance or disrupting the election campaign rallies of any candidate or from destroying posters or flags. Candidates and their followers should respect each other regardless of whether they belong to any political party.
She said that she is mentally stronger now, but she needs to stand up physically and she will show her performance in June as a longkmie.
KSU Ranikor Circle under the leadership of Bah Siril Langte Vice President and Bah Orisstar Langte General Secretary today inspected the SBI Bank Ranikor Branch. The branch manager of the bank has also found many shortcomings in the branch where there are only 6 employees while the villages where the bank works. and this bank has up to 150 villages.
Lapalang Unit president Disort Khongthohrem, vice president Firsterwell K.Tyngkut, secretary Khonglaban, assistant secretary Wallambok Suting, finance secretary Shanboklang Khongmawloh, sport secretary Philemon Khongji and 10 EC Members.
Justine Dkhar said that East Jaintia Hills still needs another block on the border with Bangladesh and a District Civil Hospital.
At present, the NPP has 29 MLAs, 26 from its own and two BJP MLAs along with a private MLA.
On the incident, Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan said, “It is a sad incident.
The Minister of Finance, Minister M Kharlukhi, said that as the Hima, the Hima is working for the welfare of the people and not for the destruction but it will depend on the wise judgment of the people. The opposition came for the good of the Hima or for the opposition.
Shillong, Naitung 6: On Saturday night, a birdcatcher came to the house of Veronica Khonglah in Dawki village.
However, now they have to be surprised at the amount of money they have to pay, she said.
On this occasion, the MeSCMA paid its last respects to Bah Tiklu by covering his coffin with the flag of the party.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Monday announced that it will hold an Open To All League Cum Knock Out Football Tournament for young players over the age of 18 years.
The UDP in its emergency meeting today expressed its condolences on the passing away of Bah Hoping MLA Nongstoiñ. He said that the state has lost a great leader and will always be remembered.
These statues belong to Tirot Singh Syiem, Kiang Nongbah and Togan N Sangma and will be displayed next to the statue at the State Central Library.
The Achik Literature Society (ALS) recently launched the first book of short stories by Garo writer Mukthi R. Marak entitled 'Mingsa Katta Dongachim Aro Gipin Golporang' at Mason Phillips Academy.
There was also a song and dance by the students.
Without this ruler of the Family, the world cannot be created – “A strong and stable Rympei is the Shlem Aibor of the Society in the Jrem”.
This village has been known as Maharam village since ancient times, but since 1997 onwards through the theft of some elders have tried to merge with another village Bhawar, but there are those who oppose this. connection.
One of the DC's concerns is the need to have a special fund for the children and to allow the children to take part in the competitions that are special for them.
The Asian Hockey Federation (ABC) on June 28 announced that the Men's Asian Champions Trophy 2024 will be held in Hulunbuir City, Inner Mongolia, China from 8th to 17th November.
In collaboration with SHGs and NGOs under the Department of Commerce & Industries, the government will manufacture 3 lakh double-layered reusable cotton masks by 10th June and will continue to manufacture to meet the needs of the state.
Daniel admitted having an affair with Trump in 2006 and filed a lawsuit in June this year.
As a sign of celebration, the group also cut a cake in the presence of Bah S.Kharjahrin President of All Furniture Association West Khasi Hills District. They took part in cutting the cake and distributing it to everyone.
Speaking to reporters, the SP of Ri Bhoi District, said that even in Ri Bhoi District, the situation has been calm after the incident ha Mukroh. Bhoi has not taken stingy at all and to ensure the safety of the people in coming and going, they are still conducting National Highway Patrolling on the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, Conrad K Sangma said that the VAT charged by the state on petrol and diesel is the lowest compared to other states. in the whole country.
It is to be recalled that the National Vice President of the BJP, Chuba Ao on 29th July 2023 met with Dr. DD Lapang, former Minister of State at his residence in Shillong. The purpose of his visit was to hand over a book on the nine-year journey of Narendra Modi to the BJP government and the great achievements of the BJP government in the coming years. There is no change in India.
When asked about the allegations of corruption and fraud over the Covid money, Conrad said they can be called fraud.
Mizoram Police in a statement on the 11th of this month said that a man suspected to be a resident of Andhra Pradesh has committed suicide. at his residence in Aizawl.
When investigating, the union found that these people were from Uttar Pradesh and one of them had only Adhaar card and the other had only ILP to enter Manipur which expired on the 14th. October 1, 2023.
Robertson Basan, Environmentalist and Member of Friends of Umngi River spoke on the topic of how to preserve the moina birds in Umpung Village.
They walk and do whatever they want without listening to the advice and teachings of their parents.
Other sources said that yesterday there was a heavy traffic jam on the highway and some vehicles were parked all day in the area. Dawki at 7 pm, Mawriang at 3 pm.
We have witnessed the second incident where more than 160 people have become ill from meat consumption at a funeral in Mariampur, Goalara,” said Gripping Marak President of AOSW. They said that the fish came from outside the State and it was also found that many people who caught the disease had the same disease.
The construction of the road from Umshyrpi to Tamabil, is the only one that has been completed and the company should have repaired it, but due to the delay, it has destroyed the road and The worst thing is that as the rain continues to fall, the road will become more and more destroyed.
Lebanon, on the other hand, beat the Maldives 1-0 at the end of Group-B to earn nine points.
In West Garo Hills, there are 39 cases and 27 of them are civilians.
On the 10th of this month, a day laborer died of serious injuries after being attacked by unidentified robbers in Mawlai Mawroh.
The SP said that as the driver of the child has violated the rules of law, the police will investigate and if necessary, the parents of the child will be punished. to use a motorcycle over 50cc.
According to the report of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG), the Central Government has not released T.44.03 crore from 2009-10 to 2013-1 The state government cannot meet the needs.
According to reports, these people who died were day laborers who were returning home from the coal mines.
The Indian government has been informed of this and has promised to take action to talk to the Bangladesh authorities, he said.
The second is to receive full treatment from the MHIS and the third is to assist or provide some kind of reassurance to the ASHA workers from being dismissed by the Rangbah Shnong.
Shillong, November 06: The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday announced its candidates for the 32 candidates for the first phase of the 2023 MLA elections.
Shillong: The Secretary of the Tourism Development Society (STDS) today said that the society in charge of the tourist attraction in Wah Umngot Shnongpdeng has decided to temporarily close the tourist attraction. After the floods of 4th June swept away and destroyed toilets, boat sheds and other facilities used for visitors to the area and this the temporary closure will last until further notice.
“We will not take responsibility for the smooth running of the Polling Stations and we will leave it to the Government to do whatever it wants but the village is not responsible.
Shillong, Lber 23 : U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA from South Shillong Constituency today inspected the Rilbong Brookside, the temporary site of the Dorbar Assembly for the construction of the Rabindranath Tagore Museum.
Among the injured, one was a member of HITO. President Bah Donbok Dkhar, who visited his fellow member, said that the party will not lodge a complaint but will see what the law will do.
Delhi, Jymmang 14: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today held a meeting with the Chief Electoral Officers of all States/UTs in New Delhi.
Mar Phawa, MBOSE-62.66%, Wapung Secondary School, Wapung.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The strike by non-government school teachers under the banner of JACATAM today continued across the state including 11 districts. Throughout the day, teachers have gathered in their respective zones especially in Shillong.
Jaintia Hills has a population of nearly 4 lakh.
The NESO has expressed concern over the influx of foreigners and has decided to demand that the National Register of Citizens (NRC), which is underway in Assam, be revised. it should go hand in hand with the other States of the North East, where 1951 shall be the year of final incorporation and 1971 shall be the year of determination of citizenship. of a man.
“From the cow herders to the shopkeepers, they have praised the decision of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to eradicate theft and counterfeit money,” said the President of BJYM. Narendra Modi has been declared the most qualified Prime Minister of the country.
Roykupar Synrem General Secretary HYC, CEC.
Jowai Pres UP School vs Marianhill HSS North Liberty HSS vs Little Flower Ummulong Govt Boys HSS vs St Claret SS Jaintia SS vs Mihmyntdu SS Padu SS vs Adventist HSS Under-17 Girls Up to 30 transformers have been damaged and this has caused the power outage in many villages in East Jaintia Hills District.
He said that they have now been able to ensure that pharmacies should not dispense medicines to patients without slips or instructions from doctors.
Shillong, November 20: As part of the efforts to strengthen the BJP in North Shillong Constituency, Bah L Michael Kharsyntiew, who is also the candidate for the BJP ticket, has held a membership registration program at Khyndailad. on Friday not available.
However, at the same time, he said he cannot say whether it will be soon or soon but it is in the hands of the Prime Minister.
Shillong, July 25: The President of the Mahila Morcha, BJP Meghalaya, has replaced the old medals with the Home Guards and Civil Defense Medal for Meritorious Service and the Police Medal for Meritorious Service. Pradesh Susuki Parïat has expressed her regret over the failure of the State Government to include the Jaintia Language in the State Anthem released recently by the State Government on the occasion of the 52nd Anniversary of the Independence of India. Meghalaya which was held in Tura, West Garo Hills District.
If these evils get the chance to rule and own the youth of the country, then where is the future of the country? And if the country relies on the youth, where will they lead the country and the nation?
Whoever eats that Kwai that has been given to that person who doesn't have that power to give “Bih Sian”, he will turn into a young man (thlep young man) and he will be like a witch doctor. .
In protest over the demolition of her house, Kangana has accused the Shiv Sena of selling her political integrity to come to power and now says the party , you are no longer the Shiv Sena, but the Sonia Sena.
At the first meeting of the UDP of the 17th North Shillong Constituency held at Jaïaw Lansonalane.
They know they will not get this but they have tried to divide, they will do this, they will make India a Hindu country, that is the dream of the BJP," he added.
Police have arrested four youths identified as Jonathan Marbaniang, 27, of Nongrim Road, Lumborlang Warjri, 27, of Lumsohphoh, Jeryland Lyngdoh, 27, of Lumsohphoh. Jerymy Shylla, 22, resident of Malki.
Through the jait ka khong, it collects and holds the blood of the kur.
In other parts of the state, thunderstorms and thunderstorms are expected.
He said that he does not listen to the wicked because the lion will roar.
“Another surprising thing is that there are people who spread false news and intimidate the people in the village that “any house that does not raise the flag” will be excluded from the village.
After the meeting, prizes were awarded to all the winners of various competitions such as Drawing, Extempore Speech and Quiz competition organized by the Wildlife Department in the presence of teachers and students.
The Prime Minister said that the emergence of insurgents is a difficult issue to find the root cause and it is necessary to fight against this problem especially the states of the North Eastern Region of India together with the Central Government. .
According to the legend, the French had destroyed Kiang Nangbah and the Nangbah clan until they had killed the young men and women of the clan until they left the foundation of the house at Wah Nangbah in Tpeppale and They spread all over Ri Khasi.
“The MPCC has accepted Bah PT Sawkmie as a member of the Indian National Congress as he wanted,” said MPCC President DD Lapang in a statement. day of Blei.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 17: The 1st Open Veteran Football Tournament for the 40 years and above organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) was held today at Deinchriat Stadium, Khliehriat. In the first leg, Tyllilang VFT beat Wahiajer Narpuh VFT 3-0 goals. These goals were scored by Khrismasius Shadap in the 2nd minute. 41 and Seibor Sohshen in the 50th minute.
Khrawkupar Lyngdoh (50 m breast stroke)4
The players also had the opportunity to meet with former Indian foreign footballer Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh who is now MLA of Mawphlang Constituency before the start of the match. Sangma, who also awarded the Man of the Match award to Wanshnong for his outstanding performance.
The responsibility should fall on all the parties especially the major parties which support the NPP like the UDP and the PDF which without the support of these parties especially the UDP the NPP will not be able to nothing can be decided.
The murder happened on Sunday evening.
I am an NPP candidate, but after winning the election I am no longer an MLA candidate of the NPP, but I am an MLA of the constituency including those who voted for me and those who did not vote for me. they are also mine.
Veterinary Office burnt down in Muthlong Village Muthlong West Jaintia Hills District Veterinary Office has been burnt down this night. wine oil.
The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, on receiving information about the incident, immediately sent a Search and Rescue Team of the Police Department to search for the suspect. these seven who were drowned in the flood.
There are 23,753 confirmed cases and 10 deaths yesterday, bringing the total number of deaths to
Satan, by temptation, tried to kill the Son of God but he could not.
“After we have read it thoroughly, we will take a decision on how to do it but I don't think it will be right to take it as a struggle between the government and the Governor,” he said. day.
of Assam, Dispur to take action on this attempt to set up the Khasi-Jaintia Development Council.
I am the wife of Rev. KS Shylla.
The destruction of the Mother Earth by looting and destroying without any reason has been exactly like we intend to kill our parents.
The Minister also informed the House that the Assam State AIDS Control Society is implementing the National AIDS Control Programme, according to its objective to prevent the spread of the disease.
The final decision on the fate of these four candidates will be taken on the 16th of this month at the officer of the SDO Amlarem Civil Sub-Division.
“This land was handed over to the District School Education Officer in October 2015,” said Suchiang.
The definition of the Khasi according to the Khasi Bill is Khasi, Pnar, Bhoi, War and Lyngngam, but we have arranged that the Khasi are Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War and Lyngngam.
All the roads lead to Khyndai Lad and Motphran.
Therefore, these four departments are actually one song,” said Bah Paul.
He said that according to the agreement, if the LED light is lost, the companies that implement it immediately will replace it within two years.
Shillong, July 14: I Heprit Ibapynhun Ïawphniaw, who lost both his hands after being burnt by an electrical fire when he touched a transformer, has survived the fire. because of the care of an old man who had the ability to heal those who were burned with oil.
Bah Sheiñborlin Khrawaniang, one of the elders of Mawkapiah, said that the people of Mawkapiah and Nongrimhills are only farmers and the main crops they produce are synsar and sying.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah RM Shabong, MLA of Pynursla, Bah Prestone, said that the MLA of Pynursla constituency, Bah Prestone, is very fearful. Dr Mukul Sangma has welcomed Conrad in Pynursla during the launch of the NPP in Pynursla in
“The first tender has already been issued.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: The Hynniewtrep People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) has announced three more candidates for the election. to contest from Sohra Constituency.
We remember that the BJP MLA from South Shillong Constituency once said, 'Victory the BJP, we will get the ILP. he does not understand these words.
Some imitate the sin of the second son by flaunting their sin so that people will know that they are great sinners.
However, there is a feeling in a person that going to higher education is useless and that he will start to change in all aspects.
If he feels that the mining of coal is illegal, why hasn't he done anything in the past years,” said Basaiawmoit.
They are plants that are very beneficial to health, sell nutritious foods and are used to eat together when they are important nutrients for health.
The club also expressed its gratitude to all the fans of Shillong Lajong FC that despite the loss of strength and spirit of the club, the fans have been in Syndah with the club, the club will also be able to It is because of the supporters around the players which has been a great encouragement to the club as a whole especially to all the players that they have been able to reach the goal.
Congress MLA from Mawsynram HM Shangpliang has demanded that the government should release the food allowance for the elderly, single mothers and disabled people who have not received food allowance since last year. .
“We are strongest when we stand together in the midst of many differences,” he said.
MP elections 2019-2024 will be held.
The complaint has been registered at Lumshnong Police Station under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
The union said that if these troops are not tested, it will put the people of the state in danger because there is a movement of troops and they buy pets in the market. and vendors.
Shillong: A 13-year-old girl from South West Khasi Hills District has been accused of kidnapping a 29-year-old man named Mohibul Ali. Nonghyllam Police Station has received a complaint from Bah Rofinus Hahshah on 29th July 2021 at 11:00 pm. South West Khasi Hills Police Station has immediately informed that his daughter-in-law has gone missing from her home on the 28th of July 2021 at 8 pm. The Deputy Superintendent of Police (Crime) has arrested the suspect who was with the child on the 31st of July Maheshkhola village is located in the district of South West Khasi Hills District.
This goal shocked the spectators who came to support their team, which won again in this tournament.
The AIM is also pleased to say that if this happens from time to time, it will not affect the relationship between the students or even cause division by trying to impose a Divide & Rule Policy within the schools. different villages.
The meeting convened by the new CEM, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem at the office of KHADC on 5th November on the new UCC Act, was a very pleasant meeting, as it was attended by several leaders. The Deputy CEM, Bah PN Syiem, other members of the Executive Committee and some dignitaries, discussed the Government of India's intention to introduce the The new Uniform Civil Code (UCC) has been introduced throughout India.
Shillong: At about 10:00 pm, residents of Nanpalok Lake (ward lake) have seen the body of an elderly man lying on the surface of the Nanpalok Lake.
Worli and Mahalaxmi in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region (MMR) came second and third respectively, with land prices of Rs 41,500 and Rs 40,000 per square feet respectively.
"When we pray we must not force God, for we cannot change His plan ourselves. God says in Isa.55:8, 9 "For my thoughts are not your thoughts, as your thoughts are not my thoughts. neither are your ways like my ways...For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways than your ways, and my thoughts than your thoughts .
In this robbery of the signatory, they also used force.
There have also been allegations of bias and favoritism in many forms.
The highest amount was T.77,950 and the highest amount was T.22,9
The second is to the higher authorities like the Autonomous District Councils and even the Forest Department of the State Government which has not been able to take responsibility or stop any small or large factories that want to to set up businesses in the state by obtaining permission to erect machinery and heavy buildings in the forest areas.
The former MLAs of (L) Bah Sanbor Swell went to the people not by distributing money, but they went by love and won and when they won they did their job to serve and benefit them. public.
Expensive school uniforms, besides one school uniform, other colors to wear on different days set by the school authorities, expensive books, bookplates It is no longer possible to carry those plates that used to be carried in the past 15 years but with the plates that have been sent properly, and there are schools which have issued a rule that the plates should not be carried. must be purchased from the school where the name of the school has been written.
He said that this has happened because many of the Khasi youths who are addicted to alcohol are langkñia while those who deliver and addict to alcohol are mostly khyllah jait.
The District Medical Health Officer explained to the stakeholders about Ayushman Bharat, Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana and other schemes of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Speaking on their problems, Singh said, “We have a water problem in this area and the water supply is not good and I have already told our MLA, but the MLA You haven't helped us for three years and you haven't done anything for development in this area”.
He said that all these projects were prepared by the previous government under his leadership and the money has already been allocated as it has been decided for the National Games
The training centers will be located at Nongpoh, Umsning, Umroi, Jirang, Bhoirymbong, Mawhati and Umroi Advance Centres. DSO or at various centers in their respective areas with documents such as Birth Certificate, Medical Fitness Certificate from Government Doctor along with 2 passport photographs.
This is my opinion after careful consideration.
Shillong: U Bah Teibor Pathaw, one of the elders of Mawlai constituency, has not yet announced his candidacy for the MDC election on 27th June, although he has already decided to contest.
Shillong: The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) on Tuesday said that it has refused to move into the residential area proposed by the state government. however, they are not metor.
Earlier, Dr. Marco said that the opening ceremony will be held on July 10,
He said that the state government through the Advocate General, has received a verbal notice on the order.
The future of many families is dark because young people are in the midst of this disease of despair and despair.
The Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police of the District, doctors and village leaders of Shangpung were also present.
Speaking to reporters, Bah RR Makdoh and Bah RB Shadap said that the Ri Bhoi Dorbar is also strongly opposed to the proposal to bring a casino in Ri Bhoi. The Chief Leader of Ri Bhoi District also expressed his support to the Seng Bhalang who have come out against the casino to be located within the boundary of Ri Bhoi District.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
“The Police Station is very important because it is a platform for dialogue and cooperation between the police and the community.
It may be recalled that Bah HDR Lyngdoh, who won the Congress MLA, lost the 2018 election due to lack of support from his brothers.
The competition was postponed earlier due to the coincidence of the examination period.
The fire brigade rushed to the scene on receiving a tip to extinguish the fire, but despite their hard work, the fire completely destroyed the vehicle, until it could not be identified. far from me.
There is a book by Arundhati Roy called The Shape of the Beast.
Shillong: The implementation of the Uniform Civil Code will affect the rights of every citizen of India, as enshrined in the Constitution of India.
It is not the Temple of Learning or the Temple of Worship but the Temple of the Holy Spirit of God, and that Spirit is from God.
“However, we were not afraid at all and we continued to work with the aim of bringing good in the village and the reward we received was the peace we were happy with,” she said.
“When I walk in parts of this constituency, I see that the street lights are dark and don't give light at all, where there are places where they don't have light,” he said. “If you don't have street lights, how can you bring about development in the state?” asked Abhishek Banerjee.
As usual last year, the government has faced the same problem due to lack of funds,” said Bah Lahkmen.
Because if we can know it will be easier and especially when it comes to their safety,” he said.
In this incident, the family lost many of their belongings including household items, kitchen utensils, clothes, gold and silver.
“This highway is also the most important road for the tourists to War Jaintia and this negligence of the Jowai Municipal Board has deteriorated the environment.
The meeting was conducted by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma, in the presence of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Deputy Chief Ministers, Prestone Tynsong and Sniawbhalang Dhar. , MLAs and senior government officials from various departments.
There will also be a grand prize of Rs.1,50,000/- and a prize of Rs.500/- per couple.
Shillong: There have been 354 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 352 recoveries and 7 deaths, all of whom have not been injected.
The children were identified as Phaskupar Nongtnger, Manlyness Marngar and Manbha Hashah.
He said that the suspect was arrested after a thorough search and the investigation is ongoing to expedite the prosecution of the suspect.
This demand has been going on since 2009 and has been taken up by the Garo MDCs, the Council of Nokmas and even the ANVC.
This village is located in Sohra Civil Sub-Division.
At 10 pm, when the youth was leaving the funeral home to go home, his brother-in-law, who had assaulted him, stopped the vehicle and It was here that the brother-in-law took out a knife and stabbed the young boy from the stomach until the snier came out.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, on Tuesday slammed the opposition by saying that the defeat of the Congress in 2018, is because the people have understood that inside the country. The leadership of the Congress government at that time was very corrupt.
The statement also said that the health officers of the Battalion are still monitoring the health of Bah Ronningson Kharthangmaw.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The former Chief Executive Member of the Khasi District Council (KDC) Bah HS Shylla today said that the Government of India has allocated Rs 20 crore to UCIL for the construction of the The road, which is 20 kilometers from Wahkaji to Mawthabah, has been found to contain no uranium.
He said that many teachers who hold posts as Chairman, Co-Chairman in the government, teachers who hold posts in political parties have joined this group of teachers to fight together for this task that the government has. mute block.
The SLC headed by the Chief Secretary said that the projects should be implemented in accordance with the guidelines laid down by the Niti Aayog including the construction of roads, drinking water, assistance to those affected by the floods. environmental damage, cleanliness, improvement of roads, road fires, trafficking, and other public needs.
They thought that the riewthurmur, the buaid, the tanglang, the riewleta, the lyngkar, the awria should sit as rulers and judges, and as soon as they found such, they immediately threw them away: they were afraid that the synri ka tyrud would rise. in the land of the nations.
These laws are a violation against the poor, the widows and even from the dead the Government collects taxes.
According to the Gospels, it is clear that Jesus did not claim to be the only truth or righteousness, but the Bible tells us that Jesus came into the world to preach the good news. a message of righteousness, truth, freedom, and abundant life.
Shillong, Lber 09: U MLA of Mawshynrut, Bah Witting Mawsor, on Tuesday said that his struggle for a good road has not ended in appealing to the government, the Minister of PWD but also They prayed to God to help the government and the Minister of PWD to look into the damage in West Khasi Hills.
Speaking at the meeting, Thakur said that such a campaign was launched last year which exceeded the target of collecting and cleaning 75 lakh plastic waste. The sports department has set a target to collect and clean up 1 crore kilos of plastic waste through Swachh Bharat
The village has become famous in the tourism industry due to the spread of the video of these two couples who live in this area.
Diengdoh, who ran farther away from the box, was in a good position to prepare himself to head the ball hard, while Rang Dayeed goalkeeper Banshanlang Sten, who was probably He didn't see the ball properly because of the slowness of his defenders, so he couldn't stop the ball from going into the net.
I also urge the office bearers of STEDS not to sit idly by but they too should try to find ways and means to develop this place into a prominent tourist destination in the region,” he said. Speaking on the condition of the National Highway in East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Lamare requested the State Government to take action to talk to the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) to repair the road as soon as possible. Because in a few months, the rainy season has come again which will cause problems to the passengers due to the excessive deterioration of the road in Narpuh area.
The Chief Minister's Office said that these students will be transported by a flight booked by the Chief Minister's Office. The students, in collaboration with the Indian Army, will be accompanied by the army from their place of residence to Imphal Airport.
To promote the rights of farmers, especially in terms of fair price to far-mers.
Nongpoh: At 2 or 3 pm this evening, it was reported that some people from Assam, who came to destroy a signboard for the footpath under construction, through the MGNREGS scheme in Barapathar village, a border village in Umtyrnga area and under the Pillangkata Police Outpost.
He said that to get the name and honor we need to work hard and have the spirit to set the goal forward even though there are many difficulties but if we strive and persevere one day we will reap. the holy fruit to reach the clear name and glory.
Speaking on the strike of the teachers and their demands.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma on Friday confirmed that there are about 12 lakh houses under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Grameen) constructed in the state in 7 years ago.
Beloved, remember that God created your body and soul – He created you according to His image because He is pleased, but without demanding anything from you.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al-Maktoum, 69, has suspected his wife, Haya bin al-Hussein, 45, of having a close relationship with the security guard of the house. who lives in London.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
We must develop strategies and establish a city council elected by the people, otherwise the city of Shillong will collapse on its own and the new Shillong will not be able to stand.
The price in Delhi has risen to T.73.73 per litre, the highest since 14th November 2014, when the price was T.76.06 per litre.
Jowai: The East Jaintia Hills Drivers Association (ETDA) has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Truck Drivers Association (ETD) over the failure of these companies to provide water. toilet and cooking area and also sum and rest area.
The injured were taken to NEIGRIMHS Hospital for further treatment in the presence of police.
The new cases include 50 cases from East Khasi Hills, 15 cases from West Garo Hills, 9 cases from Ri Bhoi, 4 cases from North Garo Hills, 2 cases from North Garo Hills, 22 cases from West Jaintia Hills. 3, Eastern West Khasi Hills 3, South Garo Hills 2, West Khasi Hills 2 and East Garo Hills
:The Minister of the new National People's Party (NPP) Government, Dr.M Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that different political parties may have differences in their views, but they do not should not affect the development of the State.
Some of the reasons given by them are that the leaders who do not feel sorry if they leave the parties they have won, are the lack of mental stability, the lack of understanding of the principles of the party. They have won and even if they understand, they don't care because the principles of all parties are for the benefit of the people, not for themselves because they have received a salary.
In another match, Meghalaya started their U-23 Col CK Nayudu Trophy against Sikkim in Guwahati today.
On this occasion, the chief guest also distributed piglets and chickens under the Rural Backyard Piggery & Poultry Scheme to the beneficiaries who attended the programme.
Because he who was born a Bengali speaks the Bengali language in the Dorbar Kur.
The High Court has now directed the government to provide the names of those people involved in running the illegal coal mining factories and the steps taken to punish them according to the law.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ransom Sutnga said that Mawkhar SC, which played in the Shillong Premier League, has impressed the players who have shown their talents in the tournament.
We also see the emergence of the VPP and KAM as an inspiration to the country and the nation.
He said that what is the meaning of the Environment Protection Act, 1986, Forest Conservation Act 1980, Meghalaya Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Rules, 1996 and Meghalaya Air Prevention and Control of Pollution Rules, deforestation and if there is pollution of the air.
When the flowers fall like this, the English call it 'bloom blight'
And not only that, many take more than 6 or 7 years to pass.
“I appeal to all the MDCs to work together to strengthen the three pillars of the Legislative, Executive and Judiciary of the District Council in order to strengthen the powers of the District Council. KHADC to protect the fundamental rights of the people of the state,” said Pyniaid Sing Syiem.
The tourists have expressed their happiness to experience the heavy rainfall in Sohra in the past few days and today to see the streams, rivers and streams of this famous place in the country. earth.
SOME WAYS TO LOSE WEIGHT.Some foods that can fight excessive sweating and help lose weight.1.
Jowai: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has enforced Section 144 CrPC in accordance with the Meghalaya Epidemic Diseases Regulation (COVID-19) to prevent the spread of the coronavirus from Bangladesh. , 2020, the movement of people along the border between India and Bangladesh has been banned in East Jaintia Hills.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) will be able to receive several MDCs in these days, ahead of the upcoming MP elections, especially those from the Congress party.
However, this time it is impossible to say which team will win as both the teams have shown their skills.
The Governor of Meghalaya has issued a notice on 28.11.2018 to remove the Additional Chief Secretary and Chairman of Meghalaya Energy Corporation Ltd. Share in the message.
After the man fell from a tree and suffered severe injuries, his relatives and neighbors were worried about what to do as he needed to be taken to hospital.
Lajong's Phrangki Buam scored a free-kick in the 76th minute and a penalty 10 minutes later to give Lajong a 2-0 lead over East Benga.
On the relationship with the Rainbow CSC, Marda-OO explained that it is part of the National E-Governance Scheme, which was launched by the Government of India. There are about 225 CSCs in all 11 districts of the state.
Lum Kyllang was looked after by the Kur Lyngdoh Kyllang, who improved the surroundings.
The change of seasons also affects people in many ways as well as their lives as a whole.
Noting that the state has talented youth, Bah Paul said, “Our people have talent and ability, but there are some who want to attract the people and introduce In their opinion, this issue of recruitment is the life and death of the nation.
Michael has been given the opportunity to showcase his dancing skills once again in the Wild Card Entry round. shad bha I don't need you anymore.
It is not that we earn what we spend.
Jesus said of Himself, “... the foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests; but the Son of man hath not where to lay his head” (Matthew 8:20).
Shillong: Ka HANM, Southern Balat Border Branch, has expressed its anger that the coal trucks coming from Nongjri have overloaded the Balat road at Nongthymmai village. Overloading of coal trucks, union leaders alleged.
If we compare with other peoples of the world we can also say or prove that the Khasi people are still a people who know man and know God, because in this state where the Khasi people live. There are almost no murders or crimes that have affected the peace and order of the people, because many of the Khasi still have that fear of God and that they still hold on to morality. glory and righteousness according to the law.
For the sake of the righteous, I would like them to think about the following: This heart disease of mine has started in Sept.
Bollywood actor Aamir Khan today announced that he has divorced his wife Kiran Rao.
The union urges the volunteers appointed by the organizers to take care of the tourists before it is too late or before any tragic incident happens and to put up barriers to prevent the public from entering the area. bit to go to those places where there is more danger.
Shillong, Nailur : The BSF Meghalaya on Saturday conducted a health program as part of its operation for the welfare of the residents of Meghalaya. The program was inaugurated by the Chief of Army Staff of BSF Sh.
“India will continue to be the country with the largest Hindu population, but it is the country with the largest Muslim population in the world, surpassing Indonesia,” he said. .
Ten cases are from Jorhat, six from Dhemaji district, four from Udalguri, three from Kamrup (R) and three from Barpeta district.
Paris, March 31: Argentina and Inter Miami goalkeeper Lionel Messi has won the Ballon d'Or for the fifth time.
Not only that, those rich people accuse, accuse, stir up trouble and try to use their power to stop the income of their fellow human beings, even though they know for sure that they will die of starvation. if you don't earn.
I hope that my colleagues from the UDP will give their opinion to resolve this issue,” Sangma told reporters.
Therefore, he still needs a lot of assistance for his career, as he has not received any assistance from the government yet.
Both the schemes will amount to Rs 1500 crore and this is about half of the development schemes in the state,” said NPP spokesperson Marcuise M Marak.
He said that after the Bill becomes law, it will help in ensuring that the Council has more powers to exercise its powers regarding the allocation of land by the people in the Council, ownership, transfer or transfer of title over ownership of land and others.
The total number of cases is 1,388, East Khasi Hills has 1008 cases, Ribhoi has 131 cases, West Jaintia Hills has 122 cases and East Jaintia Hills has
Nongstoiñ: Police on duty at 2 pm this morning, arrested two trucks which violated the NGT order, by attempting to smuggle coal. .
News about the election campaigns and the claim that there is a stir among the leaders can be said to be paid news.
However, it is possible to fight against this by understanding that it has been planted by Khaw Tyndep, immediately eating and covering the dew of the body in the mouth.
“She said that a Boundary Committee should be set up which should include various political parties and civil society organizations to stand firm against the NDA government's attack on the government. Shillong: There have been 569 new cases of covid-19 in East Khasi Hills today, including 173 cases in East Khasi Hills, 85 cases in Ri Bhoi and 80 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
The owners or beneficiaries who cannot even tolerate the sale of eitsniang and eitsyiar.
The union had planned to meet with the Assistant Executive Engineer of Shangpung Distribution Sub-Division but as the AE Engineer is not in good health, the union was able to meet only with the Junior Engineer. The Division of D.Kyndiah and the union have demanded from the Junior Engineer to fence the transformer inside the village before any tragic incident happens in the village.
Lakhon Bareh scored 34 runs (1×4 and 2×6), Heipormi Laloo scored 25 runs (1×4 and 1×6). He took 3 wickets in 4 overs.
When they do so, it shows that there is a light in human beings. When they have finished sacrificing, there is a sign of peace between God and man, because all man is a creation of God.
This will further undermine the seat of the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
He said that the budget for the last four years has been the same without any difference and when the state is in a state of financial weakness, it cannot move forward.
It is learned that the contractor has not complied with the road even after the union and the village leaders have lodged a complaint with the PWD office. the construction of roads in the past months.
Replying to a question by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on the Pineapple Festival at Dilli Haat, New Delhi, the Chief Minister said, “I am pleased to see that the Sohtrun from Meghalaya receive due recognition at home and abroad.
Ryntih strengthened and did not allow Mawkhar to score despite passing the ball and turning to the end of Ryntih.
Nongstoiñ, June 18: The District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA) today distributed Emergency Response Kits to 100 Volunteers Aapna Mitra. used when there is any damage caused by natural forces.
Dewbilat factories pay only T.6.20p per unit while copper factories pay only T.4.46p per unit.
The BSF aims to encourage the youth and instill a spirit of patriotism, national unity in them and encourage them to contribute to the development of a country and border areas.
Maskut will play against Nongsutnga at 12 noon and Mynsngat will play against Iongshiwiat at 2 pm.
Other decisions taken at the meeting were that the Check Gate of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) at Khanduli should be located at the place approved by the Regional Border Committees of the two states. It was also decided to stop the border crossing between Meghalaya and Assam.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr. Mukul Sangma expressed his gratitude to the Government of India for providing funds for the festival which will attract many talented people from the region. is a very attractive place these days in the film industry.
The government's promise to provide the scheme has not yet reached them.
However, when the man with the evil spirit reached the place where the temple was, he covered her eyes and shut her mouth.
In the MLA election 2018, the turnout in all 60 constituencies of Meghalaya reached 86.9%.
He also explained that many of the farmers do not make proper use of the assistance and training provided by the Government from time to time.
When inquired from these foreigners, they said that there are 10 of them and they came from Assam with the intention of going to Mawdiangdiang area. They said that they have received a special permit from the Government.
Shillong, Nailar 08 : The first academic session of the Captain Williamson Sangma State University will be held from 2024, the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma on Tuesday announced.
These are not political party leaders," he said.
However, on the way at about 7:00 pm, the Assam Police had already stopped the march of the people to release these people who had been taken to Assam.
It is an inhuman act that we must condemn.
People like Kong Joycy are the pioneers to achieve and promote Atmanirbhar Bharat.
Now if you don't know, you don't know and you suffer poverty, you will be looked down upon,” said the neighbor and gave the kwai dong to her beloved mother.
The Assam Provincial Government in recent years, which has made Shillong the administrative capital, has imposed the ILP only on Naga and Lushai Hills, while leaving the Khasi Hills alone. and Jaintia Hills.
Furthermore, strong laws against poaching and trafficking are essential for the protection of India’s birds.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Marcus Marten, said that the party strongly condemns the act of Aisail N. Sangma and the people involved in the incident. The residents of the area, taking advantage of the slowness of the villagers.
The National Commission for Women (NCW) today sent a letter to Vivek Oberoi to respond to his tweet criticizing Aishwarya Rai. , relating to the Lok Sabha elections.
“And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads:
If you are interested in participating in the talent hunt, please register by calling 7005675177/
Not only that, but even those who get poor electricity through the BPL list, but have to pay the electricity bill at a low price by falling into the same trap, he said.
This is also true of the Khasi people who live here in the rugged hills and full of valleys, hills, rivers and others.
“The shortage of electricity in Meghalaya is not due to the employees because the employees work 24 hours a day, despite the shortages, in the past months of heavy rains. The electricity supply has been disrupted, but with the hard work of the staff of the department, it has been repaired within two or three days.
The production of fish seeds increased from 8.82 million in 2016-17 to 13.79 million in 2020-2
Referring to the AITC's promise to create more than 3 lakh jobs for the youth of Meghalaya, Chandrasekhar said that the youth of West Bengal have suffered because of the AITC. established private groups.
Relations between India and Nepal have come under fire after Rajnath Singh inaugurated the 80 kilometer road through the Lipulekh Pass and connecting it with Uttarakhand. on 8th January, when Nepal, strongly opposed and acknowledged that the road passes through Nepal's territory.
Speaking at the ceremony, Rev EL Kharmawphlang, who conducted the ceremony and who is also the Director of CYC, expressed his gratitude to God for the increase in the number of youths who attended the ceremony. to train themselves and those trained at the Center from year to year.
There is only one difference.
This article is taken from a speech I gave among the youth of War Jaintia District at the Program organized by the “War JAINTIA YOUTH SOCIAL ORGANIZATION” on the 20th July, 2022 at Don Bosco Hall, Shillong on the theme "Youth as Builders" which I want the youth of the Jaidbynriew to know and understand how we have the responsibility to build our country. in Ri.
NCP General Secretary Praful Patel said the seven candidates are ECB Bamon from Mookaiaw, Tyngshain Lapang from Mawhati, John D Sangma from Ranikor, Ronaldon Dkhar from Nongthymmai and Andrew Charles. Station from Mawshynrut, Predecessor Rumnong from Pynthorumkhrah while other locations will be announced later.
The JSU has demanded that the JMB should immediately clean up these garbage and dispose of it properly.
Those present on the occasion included Macdalyne Mawlong, MDC Umsning and NPP candidate from Nongpoh, senior officers from the PWD department and many elders of the area.
After receiving complaints from many people who find it difficult to come to these villages, especially those who come for a walk due to the lack of documents, the union to show them the way to reach Shnongpdeng and Darrang which are others. from the most beautiful places in Ri Khasi.
The launch was attended by Ditopan Dev Sharma, CEO, and other officials of the company.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, on Tuesday said that the Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) The Committee (EC) will be a source of strength for them.
Earlier, Dr. Mawrie said that in the past few months, they have implemented the program around the country and have also gone to test the people.
They are requested to visit the office from 8th to 14th June 2023 for more information.
Shillong: Dr WR Kharlukhi, the candidate of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) has won the election to the Rajya Sabha from Meghalaya.
Maharashtra Chief Minister Uddhav Thackeray has ordered an inquiry into the incident and announced compensation of Rs 5 lakh each to the victims.
He said that during the meeting between the EJNC leaders and the Deputy Commissioner, Abhilasah Baranwal, IAS today, the Deputy Commissioner promised to take care of this issue. He said that he will direct those in charge of this job to advertise a fresh notice which will not be available. There is no work experience.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC beat Langsning FC 5-2 in the final of the league stage on Saturday at the SSA Stadium, Polo.
On the same day, the BJP under the leadership of State Vice President Dipayan Chakraborty welcomed about 700 NPP leaders from Ranikor constituency.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 was played on Saturday at the 3rd Ground.
On the other hand, the leaders of the team who went to search for these four people sent their condolences to the families of these four people as they have heard the news of their tragedy.
Man and beast alike, drown under water, because they cannot get air.
The sudden fire has caused a lot of damage and loss to the owners of these houses.
The meeting was attended by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah Peter S Dkhar and the Village Leaders of 40 Dorbar Shnongs of Shillong West Constituency.
Meghalaya has reported 727 deaths from COVID-19 with 13 deaths on Saturday.
After the lunch, Kong Eva Thabah explained to the students how to have leadership skills.
Shillong: The Government of Meghalaya has applied for funds from the World Bank for the construction of 10 roads in Meghalaya of which 5 roads fall under Ri Lum Garo and 5 under Ri Lum Garo. These roads will be constructed through the Meghalaya Integrated Transport Project which will be funded by the World Bank and will include two bridges, one to Khasi Hills and one to Garo Hills. for the benefit of the people of the state.
After these 69 weeks there will be a tribulation for the Israelites because they rejected Jesus as their Messiah.
inwww.results.
Regarding grocery stores, they are allowed to open on Mondays, Tuesdays and Wednesdays, including shops selling agricultural products and animal feed, from 9 am to 4 pm. and they should be shops authorized by the Rangbah Shnong together with the Block Development Officer, while food shops such as restaurants and others should only be allowed to deliver and carry.
Initially, the buses were operated by the Meghalaya Transport Corporation but were replaced by the Urban Affairs Department after the MTC failed to operate them properly and this happened in only 10 years.
Regarding the Bills passed by Bah HS Shylla CEM and his team in KHADC, no one has come forward to express and show the needs of the three Bills passed by u Bah HS Shylla CEM. CEM but in the newspapers and social media it appears that he is the only one who strongly advocates for the need for laws to protect the people. laws and Bills that are not necessary for the people who are about to be overwhelmed by the floods.
“I don't want to say anything on this statement, but if something illegal happens, they can't. to blame the state government.
Although it is a very difficult task, the staff of the Wildlife Department have a sense of responsibility to protect and care for this beautiful and rich forest and they also have a responsibility to preserve it. The animals in the Narpuh Forest as well as the plants in the Narpuh Forest.
The Syiem of Sohra said that the District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills through an order dated 10th June, 2024 has banned the collection of taxes on this road according to the rules and regulations of the Hima. an order was issued on 13th June 2022 allowing it to charge a tax of T.200 per vehicle.
Shillong: The KHNAM State Youth Wing (KHNAM) through its President Bah Thomas Passah has been surprised to find that there is only one person who has applied for the post of Consultant in the office of the State Disaster Management Authority. got the job.
One of the main reasons is the lack of opportunities to expand the existing airports in the cities.
Line II has a current production capacity of 3.3 MTPA of clinker, 2.0 MTPA of cement and 15.5 MW of electricity. 4.09 MTPA of clinker, 2.99 MTPA of dewbilat and 20.17 MW of Waste Heat Recovery Power Plant.
“He said there is no impact on the health of the people when they are exposed to the radiation from the mobile towers.
The Congress candidate from Nongkrem constituency, Lambor Nongrum, has tried to campaign for the mid-term MDC elections in Nongkrem constituency. Pynshngaiñ N Syiem and this is to create a stir among the people who support Bah Shylla, through the power of Bah Pynshngain, who is still an MLA/MDC of the Congress party.
Support staff includes Satya Pal Yadav (coach), Tejas R Vala (trainer), Hamboy Langbang (physio) and Shankar Newar (manager).
The surprising thing is that it is the Local Directors who are the brokers of the companies who do not allow the Khasi to work in the companies.
A Changed LifeIf a person claims to be a Christian as described in the Bible, there must also be a change in attitude and actions (Gal 5:19-26; I Thess 4:1-8).
Shillong, July 03: The Working President of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah, on Tuesday said that the aim of the KHNAM to contest the MDC elections next year is not to strengthen the KHNAM but to strengthen the work of the council.
To convince and explain to the people is not an easy task.
“Yesterday, the Prime Minister announced to allocate an additional Rs 120 crore for the improvement of East Khasi Hills and other parts of the state,” he said.
These trucks have a Transit Pass (TP) of only 12 metric tonnes while they carry not less than 30 to 40 metric tonnes and this has caused a huge loss of revenue to the state.
Shillong: U Bah Ialamlad Kharkongor, MPS, I/c SDPO Dadenggre, West Garo Hills, on Tuesday, 9th July at 8 pm, filed a complaint against Akram Zaman, Secretary VDP of Rajpur Village. that there was a man who had been hidden away instead, because of his insecure life being threatened by a group.
The absence of an opposition leader in the House means that the opposition parties including the Congress have five MLAs , the Trinamool Congress has five MLAs and the Voice of The People's Party (VPP) has four MLAs and does not want to unite to form one opposition party.
CORP Leader Bah Bandari Ryntathiang said that all these things have happened due to the failure of the state government. The Meghalaya government has not yet provided anything to implement development schemes in these border areas.
Not only that, there has been a proposal to install daylight in all Civil Hospitals, CHCs and Primary Health Centers (PHCs) in the state.
They also demanded that leave should be given to other government employees and also to women to have maternity leave.
The revenues of the kingdom should be shared with Hindro Samakha as with Phlowing Syiem Nongbah.
Hans-Georg Schwarz-Zenbeck, Gerd Muller, Ulrich Hoeness, Paul Breitner, Josef Maier and Franz Beckenbauer were awarded the prize.
This was announced by the General Secretary of the Seiñ Raij Mukhla, T. Sumer.
In the second leg, Byndihati SC beat Khliehriat West FC 1-0 through Enikijuh Shylla in the 31st minute.
The motorable bridge and road were constructed under the Rural Infrastructure Development Fund (URDF) scheme funded by NABARD at a cost of Rs.2.80 crore.
These two times, the east and the west, will destroy Israel with their purpose.
The rich and the poor have been protected by the law while the poor have been punished.
He made it clear that this was the beginning of the end.
Shilong, Nailur 16: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on Thursday said that after the independent inquiry team has conducted an investigation into the cause of the collapse of the roundabout ( Dome) appointed by the Government has submitted its investigation report to the Government and found that the reason for the failure of this round house is the lack of cooperation between the designers, the Speaking to media, he said that during the meeting held at the office, the members of the High Powered Committee (HPC) and the government His office in Rilbong has announced the measures to be taken and the findings of the investigation team on the collapse of the round house.
Marnus Labuschagne and Steve Smith remain first and second respectively among the Test batsmen.
In our state, we don't have a Land Transfer Act which prohibits foreigners from buying land except in European wards.
The President of JSU Shillong Circle urged the residents of Meghalaya especially those who have not received treatment and services from EMRI to raise their voices and support these EMRI staff who are still in the middle of the pandemic. The Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (EMRI) has called for the protest.
Many times the government has banned the vendors from selling plastic bags to the buyers but due to the slow implementation, the plastic vendors have won.
The Secretary of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) Gurjeet Singh said the committee has rejected the proposal of the State Government to evacuate the people living in Them Ïewmawlong as the Government has not accepted a single one. also from the rules that the HPC proposed.
Here too, the government has turned away from the trust of the people and now it intends to implement an ordinance,” said Bah Lanong. meeting that took place on 4 October.
Drugs not only affect the individual user, but also the family, the community and the society.
The Working President of the UDP referred to Section 6 of the bill, which talks about the 'tehrangbah' in which a resident who has reached the age of 18 years, should be recognized by the Dorbar Shnong.
The four members who have been suspended are Bah S Lyngdoh, Vice President Bah S Lyngdoh, Finance Secretary Bah A Kharbangar, Bah E Kharbangar, Bah E. Khongjee CEC Member and President of MSSASA East Khasi Hills District Unit, Bah B Dohtdong GEC Member and President of MSSASA Mawlai Block Unit Bah D.Kharbuli.
We also demand that the State Government should announce and issue another order to provide financial support for the year 2021, as this year too the COVID-19 pandemic has once again struck and until now the residents have not could not earn a living.
There has been no incident at the time of writing.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma after the Cabinet meeting today.
“As we move forward to prepare for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections, let us be calm and maintain peace and order.
The HNYF's support came after the HNLC leaders elected Bah Sadon K.Blah as the Ksiang to bring to the table of peace talks between the government and the HNLC. This group is from Meghalaya.
The petrol carried on the Frontline ship is said to weigh 75,000 tonnes and is worth $30 million.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) West Jaintia Hills District has launched its preparations with a meeting of leaders and office bearers from all five constituencies on the 1st of October in the Community. Hall of Loomsoiung Village Council, Newhill, Jowai.
In the field of Human Resources & Operations, companies such as AU Small Finance Bank Ltd.
However, the arrival of foreign companies is the best opportunity for the educated youth not to miss the opportunity to be in their country to serve in their jobs. .
Thomas said that at NEIGRHIMS there is an L&T Company which is working on a project worth T.100 crore to upgrade NEIGRHIMS and when KHNAM visited the construction site, , found that all the workers are from Silchar and most of them are Muslims and when asked about the Labor License they don't have any information about the Labor License or the District Council.
On the other hand, he appealed to the residents and other neighboring villages that when they come here on Saturday, they should cooperate to bring about a clean environment. the Village and the Village Youth Association shall be successful.
However, they were kidnapped by seven robbers.
According to the union, the incident happened on the 13th of this month at Hostel No.20 of NEHU at about 11 pm when an LLM student who is also a leader of ANSU. attacked by robbers whom he can never identify.
We also wish you a special New Year which has made us look forward to the New Year.
NIFT Shillong was established in 2008 and is the first institution in the North East to train youth in this field.
After the inspection, leaders of HANM and HYC, South West Khasi Hills District, while speaking to media at the HANM office, praised the Border Security Force (BSF) for the search. These vehicles have been overloaded and hundreds of vehicles have been transported per day to carry the goods, until there is a suspicion that there may be no smuggling of these goods abroad.
The biggest Behdeinkhlam in Jaintia Hills which is held annually by the Seinraij Tuber will start from 14-17th November at Tuber Kmaishnong.
Police said that they have arrested a man identified as Tengman D Shira (25) from Thapa Agitchak village under Resubelpara PS in NGH. village.
“This government university will continue to strengthen the patriotic spirit of you youth and I don't say that it is a prison or jail but it is a government university for those brave youth who have dedicate and sacrifice for the cause of the country and the nation,” said Lambokstar.
Israel has announced that this is the largest order Israel has received and that the country has requested an order for these weapons to deter incoming missiles.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Roykupar Synrem, General Secretary of CoMSO, said that the CoMSO is clear that it will continue to fight without hesitation until Meghalaya gets its independence. ILP. He said that this march is also for the 60 MLAs who have been suspended by the Central Government for violating their decision, which they have accepted. a resolution in the Legislative Assembly of the State.
Seeking the support of the people for the NPP candidate in Mendipathar, Marthon Sangma, Conrad said that in Mendipathar the government under the leadership of the NPP has built more roads in the last three years. compared to 30 years ago.
He said that the public can check the website of Meghalaya Police whether Roll No.251 for the post of Asst.Jailor has been sent to the government. I don't know if the Roll No. has been approved by the Government.
Tbn.DL Nongspung gave the dedication prayer and blessing of the Music School.
In a short speech before the distribution of the foodgrains, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Kishon Kharsahnoh, congratulated and thanked the organization and its employees. He regularly helps the people of the village in agriculture, seeds and others.
The All India Open Arm Wrestling Championship was held in Jorhat today.
The order was issued on a PIL filed by Champer M Sangma against the government.
In one case, “No Entry” was imposed from Barrick Point to Civil Hospital Junction.
“So on our part, we have said that we do not want to join this committee,” he said.
The construction of a footpath at Cherupara village was also shown, where funds have been allocated for the construction of the footpath.
Besides, Bah Hamlet said that the people should be vigilant against those who come in at night by saying that those who do so usually do only six months before the election and after the 03rd they will not be seen anymore. “It's not like we're going to be able to find these people after the 3rd of October,” said Bah Hamlet.
New Delhi: A total of 18,522 new cases of coronavirus have been reported in India so far this morning, bringing the total number of cases to 5,66,840, the health ministry said.
Ri Bhoi won seven gold medals while East Khasi Hills, West Garo Hills and South-West Khasi Hills won one gold medal each.
Jowai, June 15: Six cows have died due to heavy rain and thunderstorms on the 14th of June at 1:30 pm. These cows were owned by Rina Dong. The loss of property from the death of cows inside the house has reached 4 lakh tyngka. , on this occasion, the owners of these vehicles have immediately informed the government authorities to investigate the incident.
The investigation into the arrest of these people is ongoing.
He said that in the second month of October he will schedule a meeting with the party leaders in Delhi but to take a decision will be from Delhi. At the same time, the President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit said that the ILP should be waited for a little while. of the Ri.
He said that the school has been in a difficult situation but in the midst of these difficulties, it has been possible to overcome the difficulties and bring it to this level as it is now.
Last year on the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of the State on 21st July, 2021, the Khyrdop Sahnam was inaugurated by Bah AL Hek, former Minister of State.
The program was organized by the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) Shillong in collaboration with the Department of Arts and Culture, Government of Meghalaya.
He said that under the SAMBHAV scheme, it is working to meet the needs of 75 Gram Panchayats and councils of 42 districts in eight states.
Besides, both candidates Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh from Shillong Lok Sabha and Agatha K Sangma from Tura Lok Sabha seat were also present at the meeting.
“After a few months of his decision, I received another announcement from the office bearers of the UDP Mawphlang Constituency who said that Bah Eugeneson will not contest anymore and thus they offered me to contest from the UDP Mawphlang Constituency. UDP," he said.
He also reminded that “when God put us human beings here on earth, He didn't forbid us to use the things He has created but He didn't mean that we should destroy them without using them. fellow creatures who have value for our present and future.
Shillong, July 11: The Khasi Jaintia Butchers Welfare Association (KJBWA) has decided to stop buying cows for 16 days from 18th July to 3rd October as a sign of protest against the u Syiem Mylliem and also to the state government for not taking action on the demands of the party from time to time.
The incident happened while the truck was returning from Bangladesh after unloading mawleiñ. It was reported that the truck was carrying maw from Pynursla to Bangladesh.
Earlier, on Friday, NPP President Purno A Sangma had alleged that the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma is the chairman of all the political parties in Garo Hills.
“For the first time, after the TMC came to Meghalaya, we saw bloodshed just because of politics during the elections,” said Sambit Patra.
When Ronney W Kharbudon made a mistake at the end of the box, Donboklang had a chance to shoot a free-kick but Pariyar managed to shoot the ball outside the box. again to the game.
Bajrang Dal – 1984 The Bajrang Dal is a Hindu nationalist militant organization founded by the youth wing of the Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP).
In my journey, I have seen the suffering of the farmers.
As the leader of Pope Francis, the Apostolic Nuncio, Most Rev. Leopoldo Girelli, said that as the Sad Priest, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh must be the leader to lead the faithful to Him. Christ, to be a minister in the unity of the Church.
He said that the complaint of Marak's wife is a threat to the village officials because they are no longer allowed to commit crimes since the village has been strictly opposed. .
The cost for this is T.826.38 lakh of which the Central Government will pay 90 per cent and the State will pay only 10 per cent.
The leaves at the beginning of the disease fall off.
In the Christian church, they cut off the church or destroy the customs.
Last season's champions, Mawlai SC, have continued their third victory in the Shillong Premier League
The ADMA Musical Club wishes all the people of Hynniewtrep a healthy body and the blessings of God to grow and prosper in all aspects.
Shillong, November 23: The MDC of the United Democratic Party (UDP) from Nongkrem, Bah Lambor Malngiang, has denied the allegation that he was against the party by supporting the Executive Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP) led by the party. of the National People's Party in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
Besides the Anniversary Tour, Slipknot will also take part in several festivals next year.
RABON CURRENTS (HSPDP) – 355.
At the meeting, held at Hyderabad House, it was said that they decided to work together to increase the production of weapons to supply the troops as well as vehicles to continue. They don't need to be run by humans and this was during the discussion between the two leaders.
The promise is to set up a Residential School in the area which will help the low income people to be able to study in these government aided schools. day there was no assistance to bring these schools.
The Supreme Court has informed the Government of India and the Government of Manipur on the issue of opposition to the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) Act in Manipur.
Perhaps for other young people who are not yet Christians it may be right or wrong to draw tattoos on their bodies, but for Christian youth this is very wrong.
I appeal to the State Government as well as the Education Department especially the Education Minister to look into the new registration and MBOSE of the students of Class 9, at this time of application. The Government of Meghalaya has launched a special grant scheme for free registration to help the poor in the urban and rural areas to get assistance due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The struggle had darkened and enlightened the French at that time because of the fighting skills of these Khasi.
Mookaswan Dongwah and Mukhla Umlangshor won the 3rd Division Football Tournament for the 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association.
Applications should be submitted to the office of Umroi MLA Laban Saro.
These include EGH: 1, EKH: 4, RBD: 1, WGH: 1, WJH: 1 and WKH:
We did not want to disrupt the Government, in the beginning, and decided to give the Government of India one year to proceed with its development works and to fulfill the promises it had made to the Government. people during elections".
Other old candidates including former CEM Lamdibok Sumer from War East and Joinriwell Pyrtuh from Bataw Lakadong will contest against the new candidates.
After no public comments were made, the DHS has started to investigate even the Director.
The President of Taiwan on Tuesday condemned China's attack on Taiwan by showing force and disrespect for Taiwan. Tsai said that although the invasion of China's air and naval forces has ended, However, Taiwan's Defense Ministry will not stop monitoring China's actions, especially when it comes to the use of force in these ways.
In terms of the academic award, the organization will honor those students who have passed their examinations in the 2014 semester.
If you are a Khasi in another state; “The police department has not taken action and there have been policemen who want to cover up the incident or by intimidating the family members and forcibly send peace even if the incident has led to injuries,” said the union. a statement sent to the media.
There was also a threat to revoke the rights of Scheduled Tribes for Christians which would be a violation of the rights of the indigenous citizens of the country according to the Constitution of India. ," the statement added.
No Entry was posted on Riatsiatsim Road to the stand war and on the road leading to the MDC Hostel.
Even in East Khasi Hills, Prestone Tynsong from Pynursla and Ampareen Lyngdoh from East Shillong, who are still in the NPP party, have witnessed that the people themselves do not want this. party and in every place, the candidates contesting from the NPP party have lost.
If the BJP finds that the MDA government is so corrupt, why hasn't it left the government since these scams have appeared one after another? Why has Bah Sanbor Shullai remained a minister? Isn't this a threat to the people because we have been counted as garbage? All the political parties involved in the MDA government cannot hold their hands and say? that they have nothing to do with corruption.
Shillong, Nailur, 22: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah (SMR) of Meghalaya has admitted that the trucks passing through today are not carrying illegal coal but carrying 1 lakh metric tonnes of coal. it is the coal which has been mined and hidden in the past and which has been ordered by the court to be auctioned.
“Such a program should be conducted in all parts of the country to reach as many people as possible and to bring health facilities to the sick,” said Shiva Sriram, Vice President. by Molbio Diagnostics.
VPP Khliehriat President Damewanhi L Rymbai said that the purpose of the meeting was to hear the voice of the people on the NH 6 after the government did not listen and believe the concerns of the people. The VPP has decided to convene a meeting on the 18th of November at Teilang Playground, Dkhiah West to hear the news. sur u public.
“I will ensure that our candidate wins the election.
The body of the youth was taken to the Civil Hospital for post mortem, while the injured was taken to Bethany Hospital for treatment.
“If Prime Minister Narendra Modi can be proud to say that he was a salesman before becoming Prime Minister, then what is the problem for drivers, peons to take the responsibility of Rangbah Shnong? ", said Mr. Lyngdoh.
“In the past two years, due to Covid-19, we have not been able to conduct the audit, so when there is a pandemic, we cannot sit or work.
“Wan kein wan... I'm so happy...” Riia said. “It's evening...” Riia said again. “Yes, we talked in the evening...” Deisy said.
However, the farmers of the country do not agree with these laws and regulations.
Shillong, November 16: U Younus Khongdkhar, 40, Shillong, has been shot dead by unidentified robbers on the night of the 14th of this month. The incident happened at Mawshun village, Pynursla.
The General Secretary of the KSU Majai Unit, Samla David Mawkon, has strongly condemned the action of the Hima Sohra and expressed his regret that when the members of the KU together with Kong Panora went to meet the Syiem of Sohra, Sohra Hima and Minister Mathaw Mawdkhap but they slammed the KSU by saying that if they want to move forward, they can move forward.
He said that the reason for the collapse of this road is the lack of drains and the bridge in Borkhat village has collapsed many parts due to the flooding during the rainy season.
The court ordered the CBI team not to ask Sisodia the same questions again.
According to the customs of the ancestors, on this day Thoh Langdoh or Kñia Thoh Langdoh, the religious rules prohibit and forbid to burn, burn, burn or burn the fire because this is one of the days. to glorify the glory of the fire of nature which sustains mankind in all aspects.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said that the closure of the dam and the release of some jobs, will not have a major impact on the income this time.
The quiet of the market is very quiet and there must be followers and followers because it is not easy to sit alone.
UDP Publicity Secretary Marshall Biam, UDP Hingaria Unit President Ting Khonglah, UDP Natbor Unit President L. Suchen and UDP Natbor Unit Secretary SP Suchen and 20 members. On the 2nd of this month, they sent their resignation letters to the President of the UDP and a copy of their resignation letters to the former MLA of Sutnga Saipung Constituency Bah Shitlang Pale.
It was therefore handed over to the Khasi States Constitution Making Durbar (KSCMD) to advise the Constituent Assembly of India to take the necessary action.
“Any MLA from any party who wins again can join the party if the party does not welcome them,” he added.
The Kremlin has criticized Hollywood after a documentary about Navalny won Best Documentary Feature at the Oscars.
Shillong, Jymmang 17 : Shillong East MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that she is ready to contest from the BJP or any other party in the 2023 MLA elections if her supporters, they want to do that.
The polling for the Lok Sabha elections in the state will be held tomorrow from 7 am to 5 pm.
Police from Khliehriat Police Station immediately rushed to the scene and at 4:30 pm they released him and took the kidnappers to Khliehriat Police Station.
Once the work starts, I will know clearly on the report I will receive.
Before the foreigner, who was appointed as Chowkidar and started his work on 4th June 2023, the union strongly opposed in this regard.
However, with the arrival of petrol trucks in the city this evening, it is hoped that the district authorities will take action to protect them so that there will be no shortage of petrol in the state.
Shillong, Nailar 12: Thynroit village, which is about 10 km from Smit, today came out to call around the village to drive away the evil deeds and evil deeds from the village.
President of KSU Khliehriat Circle.
Shillong, Nailar 18 : The State Government on Friday decided to resume the issuance of challans for the export of coal outside Meghalaya.
He also urged the residents to follow this method of planting trees.
Warlarpih said that from now on, they will have to be very careful not to agree with these Dkhars, if they do not go according to plan.
They invited all the alumni to join the CBU as membership will be a strength and benefit to the alumni especially when we leave our own State.
Sla.617,618) CHOOSING A PERSON TO LIVE WITH LIFE “In choosing a mate in this life, one should take into account the welfare of the body, mind, and spiritual life. of parents and children.
To commemorate the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya, the Dorbar Shnong Moolamylliang through the Waheh Shnong Apmon Pachiang, has donated the logo of the 50th Anniversary of the State.
He said that he has been running a shop there for 68 years and he used to buy books from the booksellers to give to the people who had already eaten to wash their hands. The Bible is also in this book.
These 108 employees are staying at a house in Lawmali, Shillong.
The BJP leaders also said that the ban on beef is the responsibility of the state and the central government has nothing to do with it.
Jowai: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District today issued an order to all the people to stay away from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Continue to wear Face Masks in public places by covering your mouth and head so that the prevention of the spread of Covid 19 will be successful throughout the District.
Now, if you meet people in the homes of the dead, in the shops or in the workplaces and markets, as the people are afraid to hear or even see that Young people are brave, not afraid or timid to be like sellers, because the wealth of this shew shew is strong and sudden in their lives.
He said that this time it is only a request but if the shopkeepers do not listen, the time will come when the leaders of the group will issue an order to the shopkeepers and the shopkeepers. The owners of the houses who live near these two streams have to go down to the water to collect the garbage and carry it to the club where there is no club.
Village leaders from Nagrabil and Lalmati said that according to the information of the village, they have revealed that the land belongs to Nicholas Marak, after he bought it from another person. Nicholas Marak, the owner of the land, will later register with other land authorities.
However, to maintain the cleanliness of these streams, it is not necessary to wait until the District Administration and Village Authorities have reminded.
FKJGP Nartiang handed over the Krong to the Waheh Shnong of Nartiang, Mum Phalangki in the presence of the Village Secretary Sati Swer and the elders of the village.
The recent incident was the shooting death of three policemen in South West Garo Hills district.
Halbert and Gavin were killed.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Stevenson Kharkrang, President of KSU Umiam Circle, said that in fact, the KSU Umiam Circle has no reason or opposition to any group to come to hold the Lehkmen Festival. However, the reason why they opposed the Hype Festival was after they learned that the festival will end on Sunday.
In 2018, Cuadrat took over as BFC chief executive officer and led the team to their third consecutive Indian Super League (ISL) trophy in the 2018 season. -19.
NOWDAYS, PARENTS ARE LIKE CHICKEN IN A FARM, ONLY KNOW HOW TO LAY EGGS.?It is better to stop such game, pupg is like a drug which consumes the life of many students.
In the fourth match between Moodymmai and Iong I Dahi FC, Iong I FC beat Moodymmai 4-0
Covishield, a product of AstraZeneca's Covid-19 company, is not approved by the EMA for marketing in Europe. .
“If those who have been injected, or those who have not been injected, can get the virus and thus, if both sides, can be the spreaders of the disease, then the restriction is only for those who have not been injected. The court said that preventing them from going to work and leaving their homes is unfair and discriminatory, the court said.
A 10 minute silence was also held in memory of them and other Kur brothers who passed away last year.
Why does the District Council pass a law against the traders? This Act was passed and enforced since 1954 by our elders who saw far ahead that it was necessary to protect the small village traders from the invasion of big traders from all over the world.
On the road to Damascus, this God stopped Saul and killed him.
The Ramakrishna Mission has visited many villages in West Jaintia Hills to distribute food items as part of its collaboration with the government in the fight against COVID-1
On this day, CCORMAU held a protest to demand that the government should pay the salary of November 2022 and also should release all the benefits that they deserve. to get.
Shillong, Jymmang, 31: Many of the youth who have completed their studies at various levels have been unemployed due to unemployment and the Government's suspension of examinations. recruitment.
To talk about the border has become a deadly issue, because the politicians of the world, are covered with the thylliej of deceit and deceit from time to time, while slavery, intimidation The persecution of our people who live on the border is increasing.
However, the issue has also reached the Rajya Sabha through the Private Member's Bill which will soon be tabled in the Legislative Assembly of India.
Shillong, November : The Joint Director of Health Services (SS), Shillong, on Tuesday said that no one has received the body of a 40-year-old patient who died. and whose name, race or religion is unknown, and who has been appointed C/o PAB Civil Hospital Shillong.
According to a statement issued by the General Secretary of the Jaintia Football Academy, Ryum Khonglah, the selected students will receive training arranged by the Academy to improve their sports skills.
She also recalled the incidents that happened in the past years when the police shot dead Fullmoon Dhar , and Agnes said that Fullmoon Dhar was also one of the youths who were shot dead Mukesh K Singh, the current SP of Tura, was killed by the police.
These tests were collected from those undergoing treatment at the Corona Care Center at IIM Shillong and Bethany Hospital on Friday.
The meeting was attended by Defense Minister Roshan Warjri, DGP PJP Hanaman and other government officials.
We still need a lot of help and perhaps the richer and more developed countries can give advice.
Rasheed was trained to blow up a CRPF vehicle which he believed was Adil Ahmad Dar (19).
Swarjeet Das took 2/38 in 13 overs and Aryan Borah took 1/82 in 21 overs.
Media reports said that there was a heated argument between the two men and in this argument, the husband grabbed his hand and shot his wife mercilessly and she fell to the ground without knowing anyone. and then he took her into the house and strangled her until she died.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: U Ma Tuesday Lytep, President HYPF, Jaintia Hills, on Tuesday alleged that the infiltration of the political parties and youth of the country is on the basis of the mismanagement and distrust of the government led by the HYPF. Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Prime Minister.
Earlier, Sukhbir Badal, leader of the SAD, had expressed his strong opposition to the two bills, which need to be passed by Parliament, including the Farmers Produce Trade. and Commerce (Promotion and Facilitation) Bill and the Farmers (Empowerment and Protection) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Bill.
Furthermore, the KSU Narpuh Circle has inspected the road in the past few days and found that the road from Mynkre to Ratachera is no longer good.
She said that this law punishes those who violate the rights of children.
Shillong, July 13: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem on Saturday said that the District Council is working with the Rangbah Shnongs of various villages for the proper implementation of the The Solid Waste Management Act (KHAD) is the law to promote cleanliness in the villages.
There is a lack of visitors to the market on the sixth side, except for a few who pass through the market.
However, since last year, the number of spectators has increased again, especially in the match between Mawlai SC and Ryntih SC in the Shillong Premier League.
The number of cases in India has risen to 1,62,63,695 and 25 lakh people are still infected, the health ministry said.
If in the coming years the government gives the C&RD Block, Rambrai has already become the Headquarters, then it will get the Block.
There should be good preparation so that the discussion will be clear and fruitful.
Besides, the government has also launched a scheme to provide T.7 spah for those who have children in rural areas and T.6 spah for those in urban areas.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Kyrshan urged the new members of HITO in Umden area to take responsibility to carry and leave the lyngkor as assigned to them, to do their job properly. serve in the area, not to defame or take advantage of the name of the organization.
I don't forget Bah Jopthiaw Lyngdoh IAS who worked hard to write and prepare all the decisions, which were handed over to CM Mukul.
This Mobile App is designed for the purpose of promoting the Khasi language, where people can play by finding the right words and pictures.
Maitchaphrang Mowtyrshiah SC beat Shangpung SC 2-1 in the final of the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
Part of the school was reportedly destroyed by the blast.
New Delhi, July 7 : The Indian Journalists Union (IJU) has expressed its full support to the Journalists Union of Assam (JUA) to strongly condemn the involvement of a journalist in the District Commissioner (DC) of Nagaon, Narendra Modi. Kumar Shah.
The program was conducted under the leadership of Dr. Koel Mukherjee, Shillong.
The complaint was signed by the National Spokesperson of AITC Saket Gokhale and handed over to the Chairperson of the Meghalaya Lok Sabha Bhalang Dhar.
The North East Frontier Railway (NFR) in charge of railway construction projects in the North Eastern States has made it clear that any projects that cannot be implemented will not be implemented. including the railway project in the Khasi Hills in Meghalaya.
Barimika Myrboh is the daughter of Kong Sdoid Myrboh and Bah Trade Ryntong who comes from a poor family and lives in Mawryngkneng Nongdawah. poverty could not prevent her from reaching this level.
According to the WHO, the disease is spread from one person to another by a sneeze from the mouth or throat, by coughing, sneezing or talking.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Commander-in-Chief of the United Achik Liberation Army (UALA) Singbirth Marak, alias Norrok X. Momin, has died. died in a shootout Saturday night with police.
The MLA also laid the foundation stone for the construction of the football stadium in various parts.
“They have been missing since the 20th of last month and were last seen at about 5 pm on the same day.
The Board of Secondary Education, Assam (SEBA) this month has decided to terminate its relationship with 105 private/venture schools due to their poor performance. schools in the HSLC (High School Leaving Certificate) and AHM (Assam High Madrassa) examination held in
The Association of Traders has met with the SDO on 10/6/2023 to discuss the issue that many people do not have the slip to buy stone. kwari but what they object to is that the slip kwari is given only to those who want it.
Therefore, a spirit of cooperation and respect for the hard work of the farmers is essential.
Shillong, July 02: Former United Democratic Party (UDP) leader Banalari Khongwar on Friday joined the National People's Party (NPP) to support Prestone. Tynsong, who is contesting the MLA election from Pynursla Constituency in the fourth round.
The village leaders of Barapathar village in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong Bah Soni Nongtri said that Tutu Majumdar and Nurul Islam are people who used to create trouble and who used to obstruct the development works in the village. In the past years, these same people have broken the foundation stone for the construction of the village road under the MGNREGA scheme in this village until there has been a stir. jur inside the area.
The incident happened on the night of October 13, 2024 when two trucks carrying piat with Registration Nos: AS010 C 2203 and AS1 C 1086 is still standing on the Photokilla-Ranikor road.
In her explanation, Kong Kongwang said that this program is also part of the celebration of the 90th Anniversary of India's Independence from the British.
Speaking as the chief guest, SDO Sadar, East Jaintia Hills District, Abhinav Singh, IAS, urged that there should be no discrimination against those with disabilities and that their problems should be understood. , they also need to know that they have the rights that they should have as special citizens, he also urged the students to encourage such special citizens to come to school, He also congratulated the team from Guwahati, Assam, for organizing this programme.
In Ribhoi, out of 265 cases, 64 cases are in Domphlang, 107 cases in high risk, 7 cases in Patharkhmah, 41 cases in Umiam, 7 cases in Umran, 21 cases in Umsamlem and 6 cases in Umsar.
In fact, the government should quarantine the pigs from abroad for 10 days so that the doctors can examine and check whether the pigs are healthy or not. and Sam to the farmers.
Police have detained the driver and the passenger of the vehicle at the time of the incident.
From 1951 to 1960, Dorsing Marwein was the Sordar. 1961-1971 by Wosly Lyngdoh, 1972-2007 by Bershon Marwein, 2008-2017 by Bingwell Kharsohphoh.
When asked, he said he has witnessed those Right Wing politicians who try to create different feelings and for that reason there has been a change of name – the All India. Radio's also broadcast 'Akashvani' and the names of schemes are often written in Hindi, on the other hand, which causes misunderstanding among those who do not speak the language.
The presence of catechins in green tea reduces the body's ability to absorb iron from food.
Because the source of degradation of a nation is money, and the source of upliftment of a nation is money.
The first battle at NONGKHLAW killed many French soldiers including Sir Bedingfield and Sir Burlton.
On the contest by a national candidate, he said it is beautiful that the BJP has once again surprised the country and the nation by electing a national candidate.
The most famous places of business are the.
Yuvraj Dubey, Comdt of 50 Bn BSF in the presence of Shrandheer Singh Gill, Second-in-Command, Dr Heena Khan Ac/Mo 50 Bn and Medical from Civil Hospital Ampati.
Sohra is also the center of literacy in Khasi-Jaintia because it was in this village that Thomas Jones discovered the Khasi alphabet A, D, K, etc. The Sohra language and that the Sohra language has therefore become the written and read language that is widely understood throughout the Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
The AIFF (All India Football Federation) has recognized her performance and awarded her the Women's Player of the Year award.
The statement said that 10 gold biscuits were seized from Proficiency Diengdoh, Saphiwanphylla Lyngdoh and Adrian Diengdoh.
Shillong, Naitung 14: Mawlai SC and Lumparing SC have shown their special talent in the first round of Group B where both teams have won the title. Shillong Sports Association's Women's League 2023 will be played at the Third Ground, Polo on Tuesday with a three-goal lead.
The state residents have to sit in front of Marwari shops and government officials come and take away the rice.
In this regard, the police said that according to the documents, the company is not a fake company but the incident occurred due to a misunderstanding and misunderstanding between the two companies. At the same time, the police have directed the management of the company to set up clear procedures inside the office and also to explain to the children.
Through cooperation, Shillong can be beautified and made a village to live together,” she said.
The PWD Building Department also handed over the buildings to several schools which have received assistance from ADB. today.
Rupang will follow up on this news especially in connection with the complaint against the family members of the policeman who cheated and thanked their minor child. their accusation.
“How many of the 60 leaders who dared to challenge the intention of the central and state governments should have taken a resolution to say yes to uranium and this is the wisdom of the 60 leaders who dared to “We are against the mining of uranium in the state,” he said.
Shillong, November 11: Several residents of Rangblang, South West Constituency have expressed their demands from the authorities in charge of the new constituency. They have held a public hearing on the 18th of November at Mawkyrwat and on the 22nd of November at Nongstoin.
Saleng, Sanbor Shullai and Titos Chyne said that the government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has failed to disseminate clear information to the people regarding MHIS because the people are not clear. They rely on T.2 lakh tyngka for treatment but in the end it causes suffering to the people's leaders.
The HYC leader said that the district council should have handed over the work to the PWD which has enough skilled people to look after it and if it does not trust it should have set rules to ensure. that it may not be a good road.
According to the Constitution of India through the “Fundamental Rights of the Indian Constitution” has already been demonstrated but as we can see that the Central and State Governments have not followed the Representation of the People. Act,1951" also the same.
If we look at other countries in the world we see how people live in poverty even in their own country because they do not have the right to live freely like those who live in democratic countries.
On the opening day, Pohlong SC beat Umïang SC by 10 goals to none.
To help the pai to stand, they used to tie about 10 or 15 pai sticks together so that they would hold each other.
Shillong, Lber 9: Within two months, the rank of Bah Process Sawkmie, who founded the ARPA, has dropped sharply from his leadership in the party, which he created (along with and the MDC Congress), while now in the second position.
The minister was not at home at the time of the incident and no one from his family was injured in the incident.
Nongpoh: The FKJGP Leaders, today held a program to donate food items to the journalists at the office of the FKJGP in Byrnihat. who is in Ri Bhoi.
Bah Lumlang said that to prevent these foreigners from working in the area, is only if the Rangbah Shnongs of the area, do not allow them to stay in the area, especially not to issue NoC to them. foreigners working as GDSs to become residents or tenants within the area.
The welcome speech was delivered by the Principal of the college, Bah Wandur Basan Rynjah, the Secretary of the college, Rgh Richard H Dkhar, the welcome speech was delivered by Syrpailin Wanning and the entire audience. One was led by Mr. Malcolm Lyngdoh.
“As the party, we urge and warn our Khasi brothers and sisters not to be misled by people every day through social media,” said Bah Nongkynrih.
The KDA has vowed to wait until 30-10-2018, if the government remains silent, they will hold a protest to force the government to release the rights of people with disabilities. KDA President Starwin Kharjana said that the KDA has been working hard to improve the quality of life in the state.
The fuel inside the truck has spilled onto the road and caused a heavy traffic jam on the Shillong-Jowai road.
Through this raid, the KHADC authorities have also witnessed the theft by foreigners who have closed down the factories after receiving information. Speaking to media, the EM in charge of the KHADC said that the Trading License has been issued and there are those who have come out and claimed that they belong to Khasi and Garo just to avoid being banned by the KHADC. Trade Department of KHADC, Bah Gigur Myrthong said that the Council is concerned about the willingness of foreigners to come and do business in this area without the authority of the Council. They don't have a Trading License in other states and they don't have a Trading License.
“I believe that if we follow the scientific knowledge to use in the garbage dumps and after we have installed the power plants, crossed the border, there will be no more people to oppose. that's the place to throw it," he said.
The party leaders from Meghalaya also met with Congress President Mallikarjune Kharge at his residence.
According to information received from Reach Shillong Ministries, the reason for the increase in childbirth is that many women have sexual intercourse before the time of marriage.
“If the BJP comes to power, the Chief Minister will not sit in Shillong.
and continued growth is essential to ensure that we can achieve these performance targets".
This is one of the types of income that has brought many benefits to the people and also to the state government, to the households of the villages especially in those villages where coal is produced. the book evolves, as the years go by.
Jowai, Jymmang 17: A woman has suffered serious injuries after eating jyntah tit this morning at Iooski village.
So the spectators had to sit inside the house with their clean clothes.
Others are those who hold and manage the market, the trade and those who exploit the people especially the households.
Of these 41 cases, 24 cases are from Shillong and 14 cases are from Garo Hills.
Speaking to Kynjatshaiu, Ronnie V Lyngdoh said that the Congress has already prepared for the elections in Sohiong since the general elections but it is unfortunate that one of its fellow candidates, HDR Lyngdoh, has been elected. He passed away a month before the elections but the Congress has already prepared and is now ready for the elections.
When inspecting the house, many signs were found, which showed that some people had used the place as a place to drink alcohol. who have awria in that house.
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) has decided to hold Saturday, May 1, 2021 as a Day of Prayer and Fasting. in order to seek the power and miracles of God to deliver us from the horror of the Covid19 pandemic, which has affected the world.
“We have spoken many times with Amit Shah and he said that this does not mean that Meghalaya which has to pass through to other states will affect those who come and go.
" answered Lydia. Hep went and immediately brought it there.
“We will convene a meeting on Tuesday between the CPWD, the Reginal Director JNV and the PHE to seek clarification in this regard,” said Bah Lambor. The CPWD department has not taken responsibility for the work at the school.
Through this day, 27 office bearers of the Nongpoh Circle were elected as the President, Samla Ricky Majaw, as President, Samla Babitnam Pamshong as President, Samla Babitnam Pamshong as President and Samla Babitnam Pamshong as President. Vice-President, Precious Khymdeit as General Secretary and others who are members of the Executive Committee.
This is especially true in our Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Kachin National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Thursday announced that it will not contest the MLA elections to be held on 27th June The idea is to strengthen the party.
The suspect was identified as Mebanrilang Lyngdoh Marshiangbai, 17, son of Rijoylin and Bankhraw Kupar Lyngdoh Marshiangbai, both residents of the village. New Nongstoiñ in the area known as Mawlarshong.
At the same time, the Committee should listen to all the voices from the state and not exclude anyone so that when preparing the report and recommendations, these will be clear and direct.
In South Garo Hills, there are 10 high risk cases and in West Garo Hills, there are 6 cases including 5 high risk cases and one health worker.
although there are many objections from many churches in relation to many projects.
I hope that through this short story you will be inspired to take steps to start in your own home.
Other speakers included Dr A Lyngdoh, DMHO, Dr EL Kharmutee, District Immunization Officer, East Khasi Hills.
However, the best thing is that the government, if it still wants to hold a dorbar for the farmers, should first convene a dorbar in each district and discuss the issue of agriculture with the farmers until it is finalized. .
Shillong, Jymmang 19 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the reports and data collection on the air quality in Byrnihat, Ri-Bhoi have shown that the air quality has improved. it has never hit the boundary from bad to worst.
Shillong, July 13: The High Court of Meghalaya today heard a petition alleging discrimination against minorities in the state such as the Khasi religion. The Meghalaya government has replied to the High Court that there is no such thing as alleged but the minorities in the state have the same rights. lem others.
There will be no kilo cutting as in Iewduh and there will be no collection of fees from the farmers and the union will ensure that this is not allowed.
It is surprising that the use of weighbridges is only in Amlarem, Sohkha while for other Border LCS only volumetric measurements have been used, said the General Secretary of the Nongtalang Dorbar Shnong.
A few days ago, it was reported that the stadium in Delhi had been closed early to allow the dog of the IAS officers to walk around after 7 pm. evening.
If you lose your food and drink, you end up in a thnum, a ktuk, a smile, without any effort or guidance to fight against the price increase.
Other common diseases these days among the elderly are blood sugar, high blood pressure and others.
“Only this has been forgotten and no one has spoken and no one has brought it to discuss, only we the workers are protesting against the syar,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Shillong: U John F Kharshiing, Working President, Meghalaya, on Tuesday met with world champion Olympian Anju Bobby George in Delhi at the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) meeting on December 3,
The HNLC said that the BSF has claimed that the HNLC has more bases than the GNLA or ULFA in Bangladesh, but the HNLC is surprised that the police have claimed that the HNLC has more bases than the GNLA or ULFA. The HNLC has no people in Bangladesh.
“Freedom of speech is the foundation of democracy and Twitter is an opportunity to discuss freely the future of mankind,” he said.
The Citrus Rejuvenation Program of the Ministry of Agriculture has improved agriculture.
The club, after a sharp drop in performance last season for the Indian Super League (ISL), has dropped 13 players from the bottom of the league. The team has been working hard to bring in new players with the aim of improving the club in the coming season.
Shillong, November 10: Thousands of people today attended a rally convened by the KSU South West Khasi Hills at Mawkyrwat Market.
They have plans to postpone the elections, on the grounds of covid, but I will not allow them to do so.
Minister of Sports and Secretary Sports and Youth Affairs Dr Vijay Kumar D and Director Sports and Youth Affairs Dr Vijay Kumar D and Director Sports and Youth Affairs Kong Isawanda Laloo were also present at the celebration.
of Surgical Oncology, and Senior Resident Doctors from both departments.
In his speech, Bah Ardent said that the government is failing to provide protection to women from the discrimination in the state which is increasing day by day.
The Rangbah Shnongs gave this time on the same day that a group of 30 Rangbah Shnongs led by Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, at a meeting with the state government. was held in the meeting room at the Secretariat.
Many of the residents of this area have expected the government to expedite the implementation of the project which has cost billions of rupees. This road will be a blessing to the people of dozens of villages in this area in Ri Bhoi District.
This salary cut is not only illegal but also unfair because the Government itself which cannot look after the welfare of the workers in its own state is the Government that has failed. "I don't know," said Angela Rngad.
There are cases where people from remote and border villages have to rely on mobile networks in Bangladesh.
The naming of the road after Thomas Jones was a meeting of the church leaders from Sohra.
They said that the money did not come from Delhi.
Dr War said that the confusion among these people who have been declared positive for omicron is only due to the delay in the report and this is why the department will have to look into it. Please check your report to confirm that you are Omicron.
“If you cannot purchase/replace the meter as mentioned above, we on behalf of the MEPDC office, will not refuse to replace your meter, according to the rules of CEA (Installation & operation of Meters), 2006"'.
If permission is granted, the HITO asks for the reason for the permission, but if permission is not granted, then the punishment will be taken by the District authorities, said the union.
The golden words and visions are still remembered in the public announcements in 1999 and 2000 by Bah Brington B. Lyngdoh, former Prime Minister in many places in Pynursla and Lyngkyrdem to Ri- Robert Kharshiing has been appointed as the Prime Minister.
The total number of cases has risen to 30 and 16 are still infected.
Shillong, March 06 : Four names have been proposed by the Search Committee appointed by the Social Welfare Department for the election of the new Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women. Social Welfare Department, Government of Meghalaya, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday.
Washington: US President Donald Trump has been ousted from office for insulting his presidency, obstructing the work of the Congress party and refusing to vote. cooperated with the investigation by the Democratic-led Congressional Committee and now all that remains is for the Senate to decide, for the rest whether he will have to resign. you are your President.
So he alone watched from a distance.
Thousands of people on Saturday attended the rally organized by the Catholic Association of Shillong (CAS) in collaboration with the Meghalaya Church Leaders Forum and the Khasi Jaintia Christian Forum. to restore peace in Manipur.
Therefore, those who wish to attend are kindly requested to wait until the New Year.
He has contributed hundreds of thousands of dollars to the field of literature of the Khasi people and his famous works include the Duitara Ksiar, the Fables of Aesop and others.
We understand that at that time, many families lost their income and therefore, they could not send their children to school first.
Shillong: The KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and RBYF will hold another meeting in the coming days to revive the protest for the implementation of the outstanding demands. to this day.
“We have also found that after the VAB was sent to Delhi, the Central Government has raised questions on 12 issues of the VAB and sought clarification from the State Government and District Council. and through this Union takes the opportunity to act as a mediator, because it is understood that the State Government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma does not have an understanding with Bah PN Syiem on behalf of KHADC, and The union will also be the ksiang so that the VAB can run smoothly,” said Bah Blah.
Also present on the occasion were MLA Jemino Mawthoh, MDC Laitumkhrah/Malki, Dr WD Phira, Project Director MACS and other other.
In the ancient calendar, there are 36 hours in a day, which means that there are 40 minutes in a day.
During their visit to Delhi, they will also meet with the National Human Rights Commission and submit a report on the incident.
The decision of the Hon'ble Supreme Court is not on the differences or shortcomings of the Eastern Bengal and Assam Excise Act, 1910 but on the implementation of it in all areas of the UKJHADC by the Notification dated 8th September. 1961 signed by the Governor of Assam, in which Kong Byrhien Kurkalang and others complained that Paragraph 19 (1) (b) has expired from 27th June, The Governor of Assam can still issue the Notification of 8th September, 1961, and how can Regulation No. 5 of 1952 still apply? The Hon'ble Supreme Court on November 23, 1971 ruled that Paragraph 19 (1) (b) has ceased to operate, but Regulation No. 5 of 1952 does not die with the expiration of the legislature. The Governor's Legislative Power was granted on June 27, 1952, but it continues to operate like any other piece of legislation until it is repealed or amended. by a law which shall be made for that purpose.
The Association requests all Sumo owners to attend the meeting so that the activities of the Association can run smoothly, said Satly Ryngkhlem President of the Association.
The event was also attended by the Village Leaders, Raid Marngar Leaders, Parents and Youth from these villages.
However, according to FIFA rules, international players who have nationality can play from their countries.
Bipul said he has no reason to oppose the Congress as a whole, but it is only for personal reasons that he wants to leave the party from today. He sent the letter to the Congress leaders of the state.
Others include public account liabilities of 23 per cent, and funds from the Central Government of 4 per cent.
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of Community and Rural Development, Bah Hamletson Dohling, the Minister of Water Resources, Bah Brolding Nongsiej, Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills. District, Bah W. Nongsiej, BDO Mairang Block, Dr. LR Hynniewta, employees of various government departments and others.
The program will include presentations and discussions such as PEAS club in schools, workshop for teachers, competitions for children, seminar, rally and national conference.
He recalled that since the time when Bah EK Mawlong became the Prime Minister, the UDP has been trying many ways and means to bring peace and stability in Shillong and the entire country. He added that the state by giving an example of the peace rally and Dr. Mukul's blame on the opposition for the protest of the Sengbhalang is completely wrong.
It is also understood that the CEM seat may go to one of the MDCs who is also a former NPP MLA and the DyCEM seat will also go to an MDC who is also a former MLA.
“The completion of this project is due to the involvement of all those who have contributed in their part to ensure that it reaches its goal and this has now been achieved,” said Conrad.
Fortunately, there are no religious leaders, otherwise Krem Mawjymbuin will be auctioned by these people to the RSS and Lum Sohpetbneng will be filled with temples. I don't think he is talking about uniting the nation in India regardless of their religion.
As citizens of this great country of ours, we need to live in peace, with love, respect and trust – which will build everyone a good hope for the future of the country. .
Shillong: After the MeECL has faced a lot of problems in recent days due to the non-release of salaries of its employees, and the complaints of the people about the continuation of the blackout, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya today , Conrad K Sangma has convened a meeting with the officers of the state electricity department to discuss how to resolve the issue.
Furthermore, strongly condemning the complaint of the President of CSWO against the Rangbah Shnong, the Rangbah Shnongs said that Agnes has shunned by inciting anyone who is against the law of the village.
It is to be recalled that Saket Gokhale had initially met with Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, on issues affecting the state, whether it is in the management and delay of the state government. Prestone Tynsong has not responded exactly to this.
Speaking on the occasion, Paiem Ken Syiem, said that the Syiem's ​​office has organized to honor these leaders of HANM, WW, after they have seen the benefits to the people of He also urged other political parties to follow the example of HANM, WW, because they have demanded what they have demanded. has indeed been of great benefit to the people.
They were welcomed at the Tokyo Stock Exchange and Shainam was the first from Meghalaya to attend the TSE in Tokyo.
Shillong, Nailur 13 : The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, on Tuesday said that the Council has a goal that once again the Iewduh will regain its reputation as a famous market. plates for all those who enter and leave this market, the largest market in the state.
On this occasion, MSSDS officers together with project implementation agencies including representatives from Don Bosco Technical Institute, SS Net Com, IF&SL and North East Security Academy came to explain to more than 90 people. Youths from the border area of ​​Khasi and Jaintia Hills participated in the programme.
The proceeds of the khrong or musur are distributed among the collectors, the Doloi and also donated to the Durga Temple.
The number of confirmed cases has risen to 3,931 and the death toll has risen to 1,2
The Shillong West MLA said this in response to the statement by the Superintendent of Police (SP) who admitted that the Officer in Charge (OC) of Patharkhmah Outpost, Bah PJ Marbaniang committed suicide 10 days after the incident without investigating the truth.
Procession at Laitumkhrah to show the unity and solidarity in the faith in Jesus Christ.
Even the PHC in the whole area does not have to go to Riangdo CHC. For those who go to higher classes they have to go to Riangdo, Nongstoin, Shillong or Guwahati.
Furthermore, it can be imagined that even the children of the King were still rejected by the Paid raiot of the Hima, they were recognized only as slaves.
The reason for this is that there are too many formalities to be completed.
He bought 3 already.
The teacher, who used to teach, has recently passed the MPSC and has been appointed to Sohkha Higher Secondary School.
Therefore, it is necessary to maintain peace and order in the entire South West Khasi Hills District and the carrying of firearms and other weapons by some residents of the district can lead to creating riots, riots and others which may deprive the citizens of the right to participate in the counting of votes.
According to information received by this reporter, dozens of people at least 50 people a day have flocked to their MDCs and MLAs to get certificates. These days, MLAs/MDCs are too busy to issue village certificates to the people to prove that they belong to their constituency.
The District Task Force for COVID-19 Vaccination, East Khasi Hills District, has released a list of questions and answers regarding the vaccination of COVID-19 to encourage and provide more information on the vaccination.
On the same day, along with these leaders, many employees of the Congress Party in South West Khasi Hills District and Mawkyrwat Bock have also staged a public strike. (Mass Resignation) on their own grounds.
Nongpoh, June 20: As part of the strengthening of the party and preparation for the upcoming elections 2023 in the state, the National People's Party (NPP) has appointed new leaders. They are the leaders of the NPP Nongpoh Block Committee.
However, James K Sangma refused to meet with the journalists and when he left his office, the journalists greeted each other with a Happy New Year.
Speaking after the inspection, the Minister said that the people should not worry anymore as the PHC will have up to 10 beds for patients along with adequate doctors and nurses.
Secretary- Mr.B.B.Wann, Asst.Secretary- Miss.
Therefore, when the good people have turned into demons, it is time for the government to help those Nongrithlen with the statement that it will release from Lam Nongrum 24 years old who is now in hospital to find the way to him. God.
“The speeding of vehicles and two wheelers has put at risk the passengers as well as the drivers in case of any incident,” said the village leaders.
It is to be recalled that there are some college teachers who do not want to implement the NEP, but most colleges are happy to implement it because it is for the benefit of the students.
“Our state has been known as the land of light but we dare to say that it is a place of talent because many of our youth and citizens are talented. unusual and bizarre techniques," he said.
She said the government has planned to implement drone technology to deliver medicines to difficult to reach areas, and has seen the need to provide training to midwives (DAIs). ) and to pay for them.
During the fair, the staff of the health department provided services to the public such as providing consultations on birth control, child and infant care. , eye treatment, ENT doctors, dentists, people receive medicines, blood tests, routine immunizations, Covid injections, etc.
Shillong: There have been many competitions in the state in the past few years which have been held by several groups, some groups have disappeared and some groups have not been held anymore. continue to hold this exhibition.
The union condemns the stinginess of the PWD, as the road from Pingbah in Nonglyngdoh to Nongkhlaw has been cleaned and too stiff.
Referring to the relationship between the UDP and the NPP, it is not known whether it is from the party as a whole or from some of the leaders.
If we continue to listen and be robbed by some of the exploiters who are the rich for their own benefit, it will be a great loss and we will lose such assistance from large agencies. not outside.
They demanded an immediate resolution of the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya.
Those who speak against others shall be punished according to the law.
“Even after 10 years in the NDA government, Narendra Modi has not been able to stop the violence against women in the country especially in the North East,” said MPMC President Joplin Shylla. .
According to the results of the Nagaland Assembly elections, the alliance between the NDPP and the BJP has won 37 out of 60 seats. three constituencies.
In a statement, FC Shullai General Secretary/APSTA and Secretary AIPTF said that this rally is part of the demand from the government for the improvement of the pension scheme. , the recognition or regularization of the services of Lower Primary School teachers, the payment of the 4th Installment 25% Revised Pay of Deficit Teachers, the payment of salaries of Deficit Teachers and on quality education.
However, it was decided to hand over the complaint to the CBI for investigation, and the complaint will not be filed in Shillong or Guwahati but in any central city whether in Delhi or Kolkata so that the investigation will be impartial and. you're going to be right.
“There are people but they are few,” said Bah Sumer.
The Women Wing and the Farmer Wing will be decided by the Committee later.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) has announced that AAY, PHH and Non-NFSA rice for the month of April, 2024 has been released to all wholesalers for delivery to FPS centers from 8th to 10th. June 2024.
It is up to us to prove directly that this is from God, and we have no reason to say Why.
Of course, we should not expect too much from that government job and we should know how to stand on our own feet, but the lack of opportunities, we have to turn to such government offices whose job is it is to check the shortcomings and to fill the gaps.
MDC.Jowai Central.
The opening and closing ceremony was held by the students of First Year and Third Year Colleges at that time.
“If people run the business by car, they earn money, why can't the MTC?” Shillong, June 29: The Superintendent of Police East Khasi Hills M.Kharkrang said that this month there have been many cases of theft registered at Laitumkhrah PS, including the theft of laptop/PCs and others.
In the past, no one took responsibility for complaints, no one even knew what would come of it.
They also urged the Tymmen Basan and Rangbah Balang of the Presbyterian Church Sohkyrbam Domphlang, that although the party cannot give much or encouragement, but they urged them to accept with a willing heart.
However, the surprising thing is that in this age, as education increases, it seems that the traditional Khasi alphabet established by our ancestors will disappear.
After the explanation by the DC, the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs and the leading Rangbah Shnongs of the area expressed their regret over the criticism of the DC. disrespect for the elders especially the district chief.
This was announced by the Commissioner & Secretary of District Council Affairs, Bah Tining Dkhar.
Revelation 3:1
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Robertjune Kharjahrin, General Secretary of the union, said that the private sector has been allowed to register in the order issued on 3rd November, foreigners who work and this order is for 3 years.
It is learned that the Khar from Assam bring the cows from the forest roads to Meghalaya in the evening and then transport them in bolero pickups via Mairang Rani Godown road to sell in Meghalaya. Bangladesh.
On the other hand, Bah Adelbert has filed a privilege motion against the decision of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly not to accept his special motion for the purpose of discussing the report of the Comptroller Auditor General of India. CAG) relating to the accounts of the activities of government departments as at the end of 31st October 2022, stating that his rights have been deprived.
The animals reportedly left the cargo area and scattered around the cargo area inside the plane.
France and Turkey on Sunday sent troops to evacuate their civilians from the country after the fighting lasted for nearly two months.
He started his career in 2000 as assistant manager of Salgaocar.
“We have resumed the construction of the poor house received from JNNURM under the Basic Service of Urban Poor (BSUP) scheme,” said Urban Affairs Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh.
“I will convene another meeting of the Sub-Committee next month to prepare the report before sending it to the HLC led by the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong,” said Hamlet Dohling.
This is just a page explanation, you need to learn more about it.
It is learned that the incident happened at 6 pm this morning, when the house suddenly collapsed, until it collapsed and turned into a fire. turn dpei all.
In a statement, the Publicity Secretary, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, said that he has mentioned whether the peace talks will be successful or not. We cannot guarantee whether it will be 100% successful or not.
He said that despite the differences, the number of jobs per year is about 1200 jobs.
“This is a project of the central government which is planned to be built near Kyrshai on the Assam border.
It is understood that as soon as Conrad left Synod College, the traffic police had made an urgent arrangement to temporarily block the vehicles coming from the Jaiaw Laitdom road. the prime minister.
The confirmation came after no other candidates applied for ticket from the party except these two candidates in these two constituencies.
I appeal to the people (who live in Block-2) to be calm," he said.
However, a decision will be taken, he said, adding, “At present, the condition of the school continues to decline”.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Congress party in the state has started to collapse before the 2018 MLA elections in the state. to leave the Congress party to find a new home.
“We have decided to spend Rs 30 lakh this year.
We apologize if we have forgotten to mention our names, but please accept this thank you which includes all of you who came to mourn on that day.
The Waheh Shnong of Khatkasla, Nangeibormi Lamare in his speech said that the Shnong has already sent a letter to the Superintendent of Fisheries Department to maintain the Myntang River from Khad Ripiang to Thwai Jri as part of the protection of the dohum. soul.
All the games can now be watched on the mobile phones of the public and the decision has been taken to broadcast the games on Disney+. Hotstar as part of the current promotion of cricket.
Ukraine has decided to send troops to the United States to train them to fly US F-16 fighter jets. The training will be conducted soon after all the preparations have been completed.
Educational Qualification:- Graduate in Civil Engineering or its equivalent qualification of a recognized University.
