Also present on the occasion were the MDC of Mynsngat Khanduli Constituency, Dawan Lyngdoh, the Dolloi of Nongjngi Elaka, the Waheh of Raij Namdong, the Waheh Shnong of Namdong-A.
You are a satanic person.
On the other hand, Bah Syiem said that as a party, they can work well and they are confident that in 2023 the Congress will come back to power and this day will be the starting day. and by their fellowship we shall be able to draw more and more.
“There is a saying that when you are in Rome, do as the Romans do, but this does not mean that we should forget our customs and traditions and follow them. "I'm going to give it to others," said young Daniel.
The death toll from COVID-19 in the state has risen to 1024 with 10 new deaths on Sunday.
Shillong, July 08: A 50-year-old Khasi man has passed away at Shillong Civil Hospital on Tuesday at 4 pm.
Banteilang Kharumnuid said that through a press conference from Syntung village, they have identified Bah Robert Pale as involved in the attack on nine persons. At 30:30 pm, four persons managed to escape to the police vehicle, but Alfredy Sohtun and Pappu Deka managed to escape on their own. Syntung village and investigated along with shooting and beating them again.
John 15:7.
In East Jaintia Hills, in collaboration with the District authorities, the market was held at football grounds and in open spaces where the EJH Police worked hard to enforce social distancing.
Israel and the Bible: We know that Israel was God's chosen nation from the beginning and Jerusalem was the capital of Israel about 3500 years ago.
It is time to decide unanimously when the Roster System will come into force and whether the government intends to revise the Reservation Policy which has been in force for more than 50 years.
Hato you pat?.
They said that all the Garo from Bangjeng, Noapara, Dronpara, Mawyiem to Kamphaduli, have now stood firm to stay in West Khasi Hills and will never go with Assam.
God bless you who are experiencing all this pain.
Shillong:"The Pallium is a sacred garment that symbolizes the unity of the High Priest and the Successor of Peter to lead the faithful to God the Lord Jesus and the making of the Pallium from the blood of the Son. Lamb means that the High Priest will be a good Shepherd to lead the lost Lamb to the same household, one shepherd," said the head of the Supreme Shepherd of the Catholic Church, Pope Francis, who oversees the India and Nepal speaking before the unveiling of the Pallium to Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh.
“I would like to thank the BJP leaders who have trusted me and announced my name as the candidate from Asansol.
When talking to someone, you shouldn't turn away and you shouldn't be quick to take something by heart because it's not wisdom.
Papaya is the name of a young woman who has no goals in this world and is a person who lives in alcohol and food and doesn't want to get married but in the end she runs away. and he went out of his house to seek a quiet place.
Of course, these are necessary to preserve the dignity and reputation of being a culturally rich nation but the most important thing is to dig and search for the teachings of our ancestors.
The creation of new parties and the emergence of small parties or title parties will not lead to anything.
On the other hand, the President of Seiñ Raij Ialong, Pyrkhat Shylla, said that the Kñia Sapet Bneiñ was held in the old days when the disease was very severe and this disease affected the people of Seiñ Raij Ialong. Even the Langdoh and the Khyndai Wasan have tried to worship the Syiems in Ri-Lum Jaintia to prevent the spread of the disease but they have not been cured.
In these struggles, do you need to hate, hate, or bomb or shoot others? Have the laws we have created and our righteous life and righteous work not been enough to save and develop the nation? and we have made flesh and blood.
“Thousands of supporters attended the meeting in the presence of party leaders led by the National Vice President of the party, Bah Prestone Tynsong, party MDCs and NPYF leaders. Shillong, June 30 : The President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) and Nongkrem MLA, Ardent Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday said that the government should not talk to the Harijans who are not its employees. It shall immediately relocate its employees to the place prepared and decided to relocate.
This means that for a job to be released, you have to wait years.
The central theme of World Zoonosis this time is “Let's break the chain of zoonosis transmission” or to break the chain of transmission from animals to humans.
Among these 57 candidates, only one Khasi youth, Gregorius Lyngdoh Nonglait, is also listed at number 47, otherwise those who have been named are foreigners.
It is learned that there were two EVMs, which did not work properly in the morning, but these were replaced by good ones and the voting went smoothly throughout the day.
This is evident from the report released by the government to the media.
According to a letter signed by the Deputy Commissioner, KSU Wapung Unit President Deiniwan Lyngdoh and General Secretary Shwari Ryngkhlem, the KSU Wapung Unit said that there are many factories in Wapungskur and Wapungshnong villages. Welding workshops and other shops that need adequate electricity supply because at present the supply of electricity is very low which is also the reason why many houses and schools have been built inside. village.
“In fact, we have suggested to the State Government to implement the MRSSA, 2016 before introducing the Amendment to strengthen the Act but the Government has failed to amend the Act. implement,” said Lambok.
Some of the symbols displayed included the progress of the Early Childhood Mission, improvements in higher education, training, self-employment and PRIME programmes. Meghalaya Grassroots Music Projects and other programs have been launched to promote local musicians in the state. .
Nongpoh: A jri factory known as Resource Rubber Pvt Ltd, located at 11mer Mawsmai village, has suddenly collapsed this morning, causing a huge loss of property to the owner of the factory. the damage amounted to tens of millions of dollars.
He said that while the HYC is on the path of struggle, there are some policemen who are trying to intimidate and try to intimidate. “Remember that we have up to 4/5 thousand members. “If the CEC leaders cannot control who will take responsibility,” said Robert.
The Seng also expresses its condolences to the family members of the deceased.
Shylla said that a letter will be written to the government to protect the people from the loss of land and when it does so, it should think for the land owners. The State Government should urge the Government of India to take this issue to the United Nations to prevent the influx of refugees in accordance with the provisions of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.
Basan Nongkseh of Mylliem Hima and Paiem Ken Syiem, said that they have already inspected the site of the Raid and from now on they will also meet with the Village Leaders and the residents to explain the need for There is a Solid Waste Management in these areas and they will also gather the people to explain about this project. If we don't get a place now, the time will come when we will face problems. garbage which is a threat to the environment and the health of the people in the future.
The victory is a congratulation to the parents who brought their children to this competition.
The BJP has also sent a petition to the Governor to remove the SP and DC of West Garo Hills and appoint an independent commission of inquiry into the police raid. Speaking to reporters, BJP President Earnest Mawrie said the BJP demands that the government should dismiss the SP and the BJP MDC. DC of West Garo Hills to have an independent investigation into Bernard R Marak and to immediately stop the harassment of party members and employees.
They produce milk and sell cow dung and earn money.
“We will send a complaint to the Prime Minister on this issue so that we can resolve this as soon as possible because the department has already received the allocation of funds only to implement it, so that the residents “It's a good idea to have a drinking water supply from this scheme,” he said.
Shillong, June 19: The Rotary Club of Orchid City Shillong today awarded the Rotary Vocational Excellence Award 2021 – 2022 to four persons who have worked hard for the betterment of the community in Shillong. state.
New Delhi, July 20: Police have launched an investigation into a complaint by JD(U) MP Mahendra Prasad that robbers broke into his residence and They also stole a sohphan from his house on Tughlaq Road.
He said that he is not a candidate because the choice is up to the party and the leaders but if there are women candidates it is enough to contest and win the upcoming MP elections.
However, he conveyed to all the members of the union, who trusted him as a leader to try his best to achieve this issue.
The Khri River has become a controversy after it was reported that Assam has planned to build a hydropower plant in Kyrshai area on the border with Meghalaya in West Khasi Hills.
“If we find out, we will punish those involved and we don't want this incident to affect not only the petrol pump owners but also the revenue collection of the Government.
Those who take part in the youngest and oldest categories will receive a cash prize of 1,000 tyngka.
Diamonds are the garments of Lucifer.
Agricultural products means any agricultural products – whether they are vegetables such as wheat, barley, cucumbers, pumpkins, carrots, phresbin, tyrso, salad, bit, sohkhia and other vegetables; all kinds of soh, synsar, sying, latyrpad, sohmrit, snepdieng, ñiitmaw and others which farmers obtain or produce from their fields and forests.
Speaking to reporters, HANM Mairang President Bobby Basaiawmoit said that the meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare was on the shortage of staff at the CHC Mairang. About 120 villages fall under Mairang Sub Division.
This is the truth and as a state we should accept this and it is not the time to blame each other but we should work together to develop the state.
Shillong: Mawlai SC beat Shillong Lajong FC 5-0 in the first leg of the SSA Stadium Ground Polo on Saturday.
On the same day, Kairang SC beat Moopala SC 2-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
The surprise of the residents is how they cannot complete the 35 km road as surveyed to reach Maweit village, for their benefit.
The PHC is also a witness to proving the best service to the residents from urban to rural areas,” she said.
Chef Lambhah Kma said that our traditional foods are already full of nutrients, all that remains is to improve these foods.
Prizes were awarded to both the finalists where the winner received a cash prize of T.30,000 and the loser received a cash prize of T.30,0 Teibor Ryntathiang won the best goalscorer, Nickelson Bina won the best goalscorer, Donlad Diengdoh won the best goalkeeper award. Mawkyrwat, June 27 : The Mawlangwir Community Football Shield 2022-23 has been awarded to Gavin Wanniang of Mawkyrwat SC. Se-Lajong Football Club will play against Nongbri Brothers Football Club to win the title.
Shillong: On the morning of the 18th of this month, a group of step walkers gathered at Nan Polok.
Nidaiar Kamar (52, 54) scored the second goal for Mookyrdup and Denis Passah (66) assisted.
He said this will help lessen the burden on the government hospitals and will also help the poor people who cannot afford to get treatment in private hospitals due to financial constraint.
Don't pray too long, the Bible teaches us not to pray too long.
Speaking to reporters on the preparations for the election campaign from Garo Hills, the President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that the election campaign has not yet started. all sponsors before the public briefing begins.
However, the excessive deterioration of this road has caused a lot of trouble to the residents who have faced stones in their commute.
Eugenson is currently in the India squad to prepare for the 2019 AFC Asian Cup Qualifier against Laos.
Speaking today, after a meeting with the leaders of KSU Mawlai Circle and Umiam, on the quarrying of stone by companies from the river, the CEM said that the Council will pass laws. to prevent the pollution of the rivers, and the destruction of the dohum dohwah.
According to the Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) they are followed throughout the state.
Police have taken up investigation under Lumdiengjri PS Case No.68(06)2022 U/S 341/326/34 IPC. who shot people on
There are toilets that have been built but many of them are not finished or there are also those that are dirty and damaged and cannot be used.
Shortly after, police raided the residence of Richard Warjri at Mawiong Umjapung, Shillong.
The repair of this road is on the grounds that the residents of this area have faced a lot of difficulties in coming and going because this road has deteriorated excessively and small vehicles have found it difficult to pass through this road. The road has been closed and this has put in great trouble to the passengers especially the patients.
Meanwhile, MP Kong Wansuk Syiem, who is a member of the Governing Council, said that the meeting was very successful, in which many issues of the hospital were discussed.
It is located on the east side of Nongsynrieh village in Mawkyrwat C&RD Block.
“A day ago, the Chief Minister said that the government will release the scholarship within a day but why hasn't the day of the Chief Minister ended,” he said.
On the other hand, Satan Lucifer is eager for that time of his rule to come so that he can destroy God's precious creatures especially the Jews of Israel because he hates Israel because he know that salvation is from the Jews (John 4:22).
Shillong, November 1: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has announced that it will continue its protests to demand the government to restore the T.27 crore Weiloi-Rangblang Project. this area.
Verma was dismissed at midnight and replaced by another person. It may be recalled that Verma was dismissed at midnight and replaced by another person. in your place.
If the road from Crinoline to Barik is a two-way street, it is not difficult to do the same for the roads from Laban Sport Club to Seven Set School to avoid traffic jam. Malki-Barik-Civil Hospital-Rhino road, as many of the vehicles going to the Raid Laban area use these roads.
Therefore, the police have urged all those who have installed light bulbs to remove them immediately otherwise strict action will be taken against them according to the rules of law.
Both the injured were taken to Sola Civil Hospital.
“Because according to the proposal to amend and implement the Village Council in the state, it will weaken the powers of the Dorbar Shnongs, because we don't want to see the Dorbar Shnongs disappear. , but we want them to stay, that's why we have decided to discuss this issue in our respective councils"
Therefore, if it is the organizations led by the paradoh parasnam, there is an opportunity and hope to benefit the area and to develop the paradoh parasnam.
“Rahul after his defeat regretted that he could not get many MPs to strengthen the party to reach talks or lead to the formation of a central government.
However, in our State, this Department is in trouble and if there is no examination for Contract or Permanent jobs, there should be no problems.
It's so difficult.
Speeches were also delivered by the EAC of Sohra, Bah G Warjri, Rangbah Shnong Bah B Tariang and President of ULBA Bah Seiborlang L Nonglait.
Other speakers were GHP Raju, Principal Secretary Cooperation, Dr Vijay Kumar D, Commissioner and Secretary Cooperation, WAM Booth, Joint Secretary Cooperation and Chief Executive Officer.
James said this was after his visit to New Delhi on 3rd October 2021 and met with the Indian Power Minister.
The students carried placards reading, stop the bloodshed in Manipur, peace now, peace tomorrow and don't fall into this world full of suffering and others.
The total number of cases has risen to 4,273 and the death toll has risen to
Meanwhile, Bah HDR Lyngdoh said the government will send to the Governor the Village Administration Bill of KHADC which is for the powers and authority of Rangbah Shnong.
“The meeting with U Bah Banteidor was fruitful as he promised to cooperate with the party at any time if necessary,” said the Secretary of the party, Bah Glorious. Sweet.
The Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya on Saturday seized 47 muid from the border areas of the state. Bangladesh.
The body was reportedly dead, although it had not fallen at all and was recovered from a depth of 170 feet, from a depth of 355 feet.
The government has taken this action after school teachers in the state have staged various demands and protests.
“I will not eat anything for a day to feel for those members who are protesting,” said Sharad Pawar, who is also a Rajya Sabha member from the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP). ).
However, the hospital has a generator which was purchased 30 years ago and is no longer working.
KJCLF calls upon all Christians, churches and religious groups in the area to express their condolences and solidarity with the people of Manipur who have been affected by this incident. you don't accept faith.
In fact, this is the meaning of receipt.
Shillong: Although the Seng Khasi Laitkor Pyllun is the foundation of the Khasi Laitkor Pyllun, it does not encourage or expel those who have converted to other faiths to take part in the dance.
The existing meat slaughterhouse in Mawlai was constructed in 2010 when Bindo M Lanong was Minister of Veterinary and Animal Husbandry at a cost of T.22 crore. and allocated for its construction in accordance with the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (Slaughter House) Rules,
Ma Sungoh is the husband of Ester Mukhim and also known as Ma Ram, brother of Ma Lakhon Paulus Sungoh who used to work in the office of the Soil and Water Conservation Department.
The money was seized from the Secretary of the VEC and he said it was the money of the NREGS scheme. The investigation into the matter is ongoing.
Besides this, Bah Jason S.Mawlong, MLA from Umsning, promised to the health workers that he will speak to the government on the issue. The meeting was held with the health workers on the issue of salary increase and other jobs related to ASHAs, Anganwadis and Helpers, so that it will be for the benefit of these frontline workers. in matters of health.
The most important crops include rice, sugarcane, rice, sorghum, sorghum, sorghum, sorghum, sorghum, sorghum, sorghum and other crops. wild fruits, such as Yamahek, Iaiang, Salaphiah, Ialatham, Lajem pudding, Larat pudding and other wild fruits.
At the same time, Bah Mawthoh said that the overcrowding of houses, vehicles and the lack of sanitation will cause serious problems in the coming years if the city is not properly maintained.
God bless you: Identify two villages in Block-1, Mowluber and Mowjem.
The State Best Outstanding Youth Club Award 2014-2015 was awarded a certificate and a cash prize of T.1 lakh by Fedrick Kharkongor (IAS). The Best District Youth Club Award 2014-2015 was presented by the Chief Guest Sanjay Goyal Deputy Commissioner EKH District with a Certificate and a cash prize of T. 25 thousand rupees.
Nongstoiñ, July 21: “It is sad to see the situation of the youth these days, because many of them don't find the right path to walk in life. “Every day, whether they are young men or women,” said Bah T.Nongrem, one of the elders of Jaidoh West Khasi Hills, who is also one of the Hill State fighters. together with (L) Hoping Stone Lyngdoh.
Born in 1981, he went to study in Bangalore, Delhi and Mumbai from 1998 and in 2008 he returned home to marry his girlfriend.
“The border settlement is just to be completed without the consent of the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Buddhist devotees today celebrated Buddha Purnima at Buddha Temple in Polo, Shillong. and they went up into the temple to pray.
Mawlai FC have won the first match 2-0 against Nangkiew Irat SC while Shillong Lajong have lost 1-0 to Langsning FC. On Tuesday, Langsning will play against Nangkiew Irat at 4 pm.
M Tham said that the ban on fishing in these days has caused a huge loss of income to them until the rest of them have been unemployed and the reopening has made them happy, especially who have lived and earned their living from this occupation for a long time.
He said the Meghalaya Government has promised to provide security forces throughout Meghalaya and especially in Garo Hills and especially for petrol tankers from Tuesday.
Shri.Dibiland Iawphniaw, Headmaster, Malaisohmat UP School, February
“It's been a long time since you and my mother came to Santa's house,” said the father.
Speaking on the occasion, Titos said, “My statement that we cannot take race I don't know why, but I'm sure it's true of everyone, not just Bah Ardent.
P.Hanaman, IPS, Member of the Human Rights Commission, and former DGP of Meghalaya were the chief guests.
Only about three households farm Masi and only a few households farm Muid to cut supply wood from the forests.
Speaking on the appointment of a committee of inquiry, Dr Mukul Sangma welcomed the matter and when asked how long the committee of inquiry has been delayed to submit its report, Dr Mukul Sangma said that The High Powered Committee (HPC) has not set a time limit for the completion of the project, he said, adding that the HPC has ordered to do as much as possible to complete the project on time. fine.
There was a technical glitch that had to be fixed and because of this, everyone lost sleep all night.
He also urged the people and village leaders to follow all the new guidelines on the implementation of these schemes as the purpose is to improve the implementation of these schemes for the sake of safety. and the benefit of the people.
When you turn to the cleanliness of the house, you can see that it has been flooded with water.
In the second semi final, 7 Wasa United beat Nangbah Mulang 1-0 with Niponghi Sumer scoring the first goal for 7 Wasa United in the 38th minute. .
“If I am the owner of the house, I have said, I am not the owner of the house,” said Kong Ampareen, MLA of the area.
Through this figure, it shows that Russia loses 10,000 troops a day.
Besides these ceremony, teachers, students and residents of Nonglwai area were also present to inaugurate the foundation stone of the school.
It is informed that the election of the Syiem shall be by the head of the candidates recognized/approved in accordance with the Appointment and Succession of Syiem, Deputy Syiem, Electors and Rangbah Shnong of Mylliem Syiemship Act, announced on July 11, 2023.
These two sites include the Archaeological Site at Myrkhan Village in Mylliem Block, East Khasi Hills and the Megalith Monument at Rynghep Village, Nongkseh, East Khasi Hills.
Shillong: Langsning FC will play against Mawnianglah SC at 12:30 pm while the second semifinal will be between Laitkor SC and Sohryngkham SC at 2:30 pm.
After U Tymmen U San had completed the nguh ka dem, the guests were allowed to climb on the altar of dupat to offer their nguh ka dem and to follow by taking the khaweh. u khaw count and to receive the gold and silver water to take to their homes so that they may be blessed with the blessings of the Lord God.
the woman tried to fight him off but couldn't.
UBC, Guwahati came third.
In anger, Tynsong together with his friend beat the child and killed him by using a plate to kill him. After committing this crime, they hid the child. They found the body near a forest area and waited until dark to move the body into the house of Bah Command Nongrang.
He said that the reason why these four villages have been included in the Census Town is because the census takers have not informed the Rangbah Shnongs, but the Rangbah Shnongs have not found any information about this. Why the villages of Umroi have been included in the Census Town?
The public can continue to use the lump sums of T 2000 for their payment transactions as well as accept them in payment.
As an organization that looks after the problems and concerns of the people, it will not hesitate to meet and find out face to face about this fact, he said.
He said that regarding the six polling stations in Mawhati constituency which have been allegedly banned from voting, the authorities have taken action and the polling in this constituency. the place was not clean.
The event was attended by Bah GN Kharlukhi, Assistant General Manager (s), NABARD, Dr B. Plain, SMM of MSRLS, Secretary of Seiñ Raij, members of Nartiang Village Organization SHG, Village Leaders. and local residents.
fr.
On the other hand, the CEM said that while the Clan Administration Bill, 2022 has not yet become law, the KHADC will issue a notice that the Kurs who have Kur organizations should notify and register their names with the Council.
It is surprising to learn that most of the members of the Adjusted Academic Calendar (AAC) 2020-21 are Sr.
The spirit of the IOA&AA and paragraph 20 of the Sixth Schedule should be well grounded when discussing the border issue, said a statement from Bah Roykupar Synrem, General Secretary HYC SengKmie.
The SSA 2nd Division match will start at 11:30 pm on Thursday at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium. First, Sohiong SC will play against Nongkrem FC followed by Umphrup at 2 pm. SC vs Laitkyrhong SC.Kolkata, Naiwieng 02: Shillong Lajong Football Club today prepared to start their I-League 2023-24 campaign with an away match against Laitkyrhong. Mohammedan Sporting Club.
The state government has introduced a new amendment to Rule 183 of the Meghalaya Excise Rules as the old rules do not specify the location of wine stores.
During this time of crisis, the Central Government, the States and the people have set a good example to the world to fight together in every field.
Jowai, November 6: A young man named Kheinlang Sana, 31, of Pynthorsale village, East Jaintia Hills District, has left home and went missing since the night of November 05, at about 1:30 pm.
When God brings an end to death, there will be a resurrection and in that resurrection God will line up all mankind on earth.
Kmoin completed the 42.195 km race in 4 hours 33 minutes 55 seconds.
“The CSWO has received information that this Director has an intention to contest the election from Mawsynram and has misused the seat to strengthen his intention which is against the government law,” said the Director. CSWO. She said that according to the All India Services (Conduct) Rules, 1968, an officer must hold rank, unity and impartiality but here we can see that the Director has He has misused his position for his political purposes while visiting the patients at the Civil Hospital Shillong from Mawsynram area yesterday.
On what basis do they prevent us from giving flowers to them (leaders).
That glory of righteousness, the mind calls 'ka dawbah'
Shillong: Police in East Jaintia Hills District today seized 1555.38 kilos of marijuana worth ₹4.7 crore and a truck carrying the drugs, according to a statement by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma. in the State, on twitter.
Police have earlier arrested a drug dealer near the office of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council and seized 66.46 grams of heroin from him. one car.
Police in West Garo Hills, on the 9th of this month, have rescued two persons who were kidnapped by gangs of criminals, and shot dead two persons. They are suspected to belong to a group of robbers from Dibru Hills Forest Reserve under Tikrikilla Police Station.
The Government of India wants to ensure that all Indians have their own homes during these years.
He said that the government has tried to find ways and means to alleviate the shortage of electricity in the state perhaps by introducing new projects and we will try to complete this. go as soon as possible,' he said.
He gave an example that other minority communities in India even if they give their jait kpa, they still have Schedule Tribe because from the beginning they have given their jait kpa, but the minority that changes completely later will lose their Schedule Tribe.
Shortly after, police arrested five other persons involved in the shooting of the workers and out of these seven persons, three are minors.
He said that in human nature there may be shortcomings but it is necessary to show, not to set the wrong example.
“There is still a good man in this world.” “There is one or two mothers among a thousand,” said the father. "Do you remember, father?" asked the mother. "Why don't you remember when I saw your face?" said the father. ong the mother.
On the other hand, the Manager-CSR, Star Cement Limited, Lumshnong, Kingshok K. Borah, spoke on the issue of TB patients. The decision to provide all the necessary assistance to the TB patients in East Jaintia Hills District.
Rohit Ray took two wickets for 23 runs in four overs.
The government, according to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, intends to distribute the 342 households in Mawbah gradually.
The farmers have looked for other jobs because they don't feel like living anymore or they have just cultivated the land of others and can't earn a living from it.
Shillong, July 02 : Mawlai and Khliehmawlieh have both completed their group tour and qualified for the semifinals of the Meghalaya State League 2023 with a victory.
On this occasion, the shopkeepers in the area, said that they want to move back a little to avoid the NHAI and MeECL area, so that their income generation from the area can continue. as in all the past years.
When we go to the villages, we see that many children who are only 12-13 years old go to earn money because their parents don't support them anymore and one of the reasons is that there are too many children. .
The purpose of this agreement is to move forward to protect and improve the Khasi traditional medicine.
Now the leaders are no longer legislators or law makers, but they have become business makers in governance.
Pynthorumkrah MLA AL Hek has demanded that Mawlai Block should be located in Mawpat while Mawlai MLA Embhahlang Syiemlieh and MDC PT Sawkmie have demanded that the government should place it in Mawpat. in Mawlai.
The Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division, which has been long awaited and longed for by the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi, has been completed today after the resignation of the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma. to inaugurate the Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division.
Seiñ Kur Sutnga Health Unit & Central Body
It has turned into a victory for the paid residents of the area in all aspects.
PARKING 3: In front of Friend's Hotel (Dosti Hotel), Hill View Hotel, Green Valley Hotel.
As Bah Paul Lyngdoh pointed out in the parable of the cows yatur and the cows lur, they are only thousands of cows in the public domain.
This was due to the VC's failure to provide for the needs of the students of NEHU in many areas from the bus, the inability to provide the necessities inside the hostel and so on. The VC today met with the VC to discuss the delay in implementing these demands but due to the refusal of the VC to meet with him, the party has not been able to meet with the VC. The party has decided to close down its office.
Mulang Ialong beat Pamanik FC 4-1 at 3 pm. The goals were scored by Benedict Langstang in the 10th minute. Dawan Pakma scored in the 23rd minute and Dame Talang scored in the 36th and 70th minutes.
Regarding the recent stone throwing at the house of Minister Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Prestone said, “Whether it is the incident at the Police Station or the incident at the house of the Minister, the law it will do its job and we will not allow such incidents to happen again.
Stressing on how Christians have contributed to the building of the country especially in education and social services, the NECRF pointed out the ability of the training centers to include Christians, admitting that most of the students in them are Hindus.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong has warned everyone not to burn forest in this area which falls within the boundary of Mawlyndep Village. “I have lodged a complaint with the police to punish them according to the provisions of the law,” he added.
The central theme of the lockdown is to save the lives of Indians from the disease because so far health experts say there is no cure, so everyone should start from themselves to protect themselves. for himself, and for the whole household ; and so all shall sit on their own houses.
We do not want to see DREAM become just a government initiative.
This action of the government is exactly like sending tuition,” said one teacher.
So the mothers and fathers held that night prayer to thank God for blessing the family.
It is time for us to renew our working methods by including the teaching of healthy lifestyles from the lower primary level in the syllabus of our studies.
To create opportunities to increase income and trade on a transparent and fair basis.
Speaking at a meeting on the Strengthening Teaching, Learning and Results for States (STARS) program which started in Bhubaneswar on Friday, the Minister said: He said that the students of the future will be able to become intelligent if training is given to the teachers.
Asst.Education Secy- Weather Plank.
On October 6, the Joint Secretary to the Political Department of the Meghalaya Government sent a report stating that the report of the Magistrate's Inquiry into the Mukroh Shooting incident is still under the supervision of the State Government. the commission’s single-person review was extended for another two months.
Other members of the JAC include the President and Secretary of the Sohra Coal Supplier, Coal Traders Association, Rangbah Shnong, Sordar, Sengbhalang and others who represented the coal owners and workers.
Shillong, Lber 24: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency on Friday distributed a scheme of T.3 crore to the public through the Special Assistant of Mawkynrew Constituency. the central government.
He alleged that the VC has ignored the decision of the Academic Council No. 110 not to implement the NEP in 2023-24 but to implement it from 2024-25, but the VC has not recorded the decision. the meeting and he was completely destroyed.
JOWAI: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday conducted a raid on various shops in Ladrymbai East Jaintia Hills District and found hundreds of shops without trading license. pateng in this area and there are also those who have not renewed their permits to set up various types of shops.
The youth was identified as Rucir Marak, son of former Minister and Congress leader Deborah Marak.
The name of the BJP was also used in both these fake letters.
About 5,95,323.775 m metric tonnes have been auctioned by CIL and the start of the release of coal and others from those depots is in progress.
Nongstoiñ: The 3rd Inter School Cricket Tournament 2019 has been inaugurated by the BJYM President Kit Hoojon. important.
In the past few days, Dango together with Congress leaders from Ranikor constituency have met with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma with their demands including the Civil-Sub-Division, a college and two C&RDs. Block.
Khliehriat, Nailar 30 : The Union of Waheh Shnongs-East Jaintia Hills District, has expressed its regret over the insulting remarks made by the Deputy Commissioner. The DC and his PSO arrested a driver of a Mahindra Pickup.
She also informed the Minister that they have decided to suspend all the Gram Sabhas which have been set up in the villages under Nongthymmai Pyllun.
These teachers came out to protest after completing their teaching duties and said that their protest after school is not to disrupt the teaching that the students need.
Any institution that receives the status of 'Institute of National Importance' receives special recognition and has greater and more independent powers besides receiving funding from the Central Government.
According to the policy, there are three types of coatings to protect households from the sun and these are lime wash, acrylic polymer and plastic coatings. .
The Governor also expressed his satisfaction that the state in recent years, has improved significantly in terms of revenue collection, especially GST, in which he said that the collection of GST and other revenues is 1078.25 crore and Rs 429.84 crore from GST and other taxes till the end of November
These village leaders said that there are 28 villages under the Dorbar Diengiei which urgently need to get a good road to facilitate traffic and colour.
And he that worshiped the image of the beast had power to give life unto the image of the beast, that the image of the beast might speak. And as many as would not worship the image of the beast shall be killed. 15.
The heart of man is the temple of God, which is not built by hands, but by God.
The President of Raid Mawbuh Circle, Bah B Lapang, said that during the inspection, the union found that there were 13 foreigners who did not have documents such as labor license and others.
Plen Mawlong, 48, is a man who has been arrested by the police for allegedly raping his 12-year-old daughter.
In this regard, we urge the Government to take immediate action to provide these necessary equipment to prevent the spread of this disease.
This murderous spirit led the city to destruction and without exception only about forty years after the city and the Temple in Jerusalem were destroyed in 70 AD. The countryside and its homes, buildings and possessions were destroyed.
“You the people should judge carefully to elect a leader and you should elect an MP who will form a government in Delhi for development and change,” said Ma Sanbor. “I will be like the youngest son of the BJP and whatever issues I raise I will always have the opportunity to advocate for you,” said Ma Shullai.
Thus, at the end of the 1335 days, the Millennium will begin.
......BJP, thank you very much, BUT to bring about change we need to look at new faces, in the hope that it will be able to do so, Tip what will happen if good people who work for The people, whom the people love and hope and want to give a chance BUT those who are in their own parties have won.
On the other hand, in his speech, the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma, said that teaching is one of the most honorable jobs and urged “while you are doing this job, you should to provide a service of dedication and selflessness because it is in you that the power can bring about change so we send you with the confidence that you will be able to carry the heavy responsibility of the government.
Kiang Nangbah, one of the special people, was killed in the attack on the Khasi religion by the French. The French attacked and attacked the Khasi religious dance and knieh lut. stieh, ksiar ki ksah and other necessities for many religious dances and other reasons.
Leston was defeated by Dr Donkupar Roy in the 2018 election by 370 votes.
Tasiana Kympat of Tluh Secondary School, Draitis Paslein of Pala Upper Primary School and Rufina of Pala Upper Primary School have been awarded the prizes. The Deputy Commissioner of Dkhiah Government LPU, Sutnga, presented the awards to Bah Mondaystar Nongtdu, teacher of Sutnga Government UP School, Sutnga, who won the title of Best District Scout Master and Laxmi Sarkar, teacher of Star Public School, Lumshnong, was also awarded the Best Guide Captain award.
He decided to pass the written test.
Because of all this, the cause is part of human life from which everyone cannot escape.
On the other hand, the President of KSU Nongkhlaw Circle, Shemphang Marbaniang, said that the KSU Nongkhlaw Circle expresses its condolences to the government authorities especially to the people in the rural areas.
The HNYF has urged the public to obey the rules and regulations issued by the authorities to eradicate the COVID-19 pandemic. social problems as has happened in other parts of the world.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District has ordered the closure of SBI Bank Ummulong Branch from 24th July to 03rd November 2021 following the confirmation of COVID-1
Besides the Vice Chancellor NEHU, Prof. Henry Lamin, Principal, DDU Community College Wahiajer, Dr. JN Nayak, Registrar NEHU, Prof. D. Walia Geology Department, NUHU and Dr. D. Wargis were also present.
The union said that on the 14th of July, the 10th anniversary of the union and 10 days before the celebration of the union's Independence Day, the union had criticized the government for talking to the government. Now the government has not listened at all and this action of the government has angered the party.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The War Jaintia Students' Union (WJSU) Amlarem has welcomed the decision of the State Government to set up a Standing Coordination Committee (SCC) to bring about understanding between the BSF and the BSF. people living in the border villages of India and Bangladesh.
When alcohol rules over mankind, there is no longer any respect for each other but only pride in my mother and it has filled the world with trouble and sorrow.
God bless you all.
The former Chief Minister also recalled how Assam had delayed the settlement with Meghalaya when he was in power on these 12 land in 2011 due to They (Assam) knew that they could not deceive or use tricks because at that time the government had decided not to give anything to the villages under Meghalaya. Assam.
Surprisingly, according to the Union Minister, the Congress-led state government has used only half of this amount in the last four years.
“According to him, all those involved in the process, including district councils, civil society and others have been able to participate in the first phase of the boundary talks.
He said this while confirming 29 out of 36 primary unit office bearers of the Jowai Circle of the UDP at a meeting held at the Dulong Dorbar Shnong, Jowai on Saturday.
After the inspection, Bah Herculus Suting, speaking to reporters, said that the reason for the union together with the village leaders to inspect the site where the Police Outpost is planned to be set up by The Assam government has expressed its strong opposition to the Assam government, which has been fighting to extend the border to the villages still under Meghalaya.
Shillong: Former Meghalaya Minister and former Congress CEM ECB Bamon on Friday rejoined his former party, the Indian National Congress. on 4th June, 2019 at Congress Hall, Shillong.
He continued to do so for about several years.
At the same time, he said that the Eucharist is the center and source of the Catholic faith.
That life that gives light to people how to live.
To expect only from the state associations, schools, colleges, civil society groups, private sector how much they can help the youth to develop in sports, not to talk about employment, but to It is up to the government to expedite the implementation of the sports policy.
Nag won the singles title while Andrew Lotzem and Elsarica Umdor won the mixed doubles title.
No casualties were reported during these two days.
Therefore, without the farmers, the people will not be able to eat and it is the duty of everyone to support the farmers in the area and the State as a whole.
There was also a discussion that the classroom will be relocated to Kiang Nang Government College, Jowai.
Until now, Meghalaya does not know where to go because it is in the midst of crisis because those in power do not have the knowledge to lead.
Thus, here in India, most of the rice is grown in Punjab and United Provinces in the rainy season.
The target of the Tree Planting Festival is to plant up to 700,700 trees in one day, today alone, and all these trees will be completed in all the 8 C&RD Block under the C&RD Block. East Khasi Hills District.
The incident occurred after an Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) MLA in Delhi started expressing his views on the situation in Manipur, but the BJP MLA stood up and opposed the discussion. Delhi Assembly on issues relating to the state of Manipur.
Alfred Lyngdoh, Secretary, HYC Ri-Bhoi Circle, said that the PHC has not had a doctor to treat the people of the area.
Shillong: U Dr Mukul Sangma on Friday, 16th June 2023, strongly criticized the NPP for leading the MDA in his support for the TMC candidate from Dadengre constituency. .
Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of State and MLA of the constituency, today announced that three persons have tested positive for COVID-19 after completing the random testing on Saturday.
Speaking on the occasion, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the High Court has ordered the two States not to set up a border crossing. The survey has been conducted by the Survey of India together with the two States.
The HNLC said that the Minister of Home Affairs should hold talks with the political parties, religious groups and MLAs from Khasi Jaintia on the need to talk to the HNLC as the government has done. The HNLC has said that after decades of struggle, it wants to have peace talks with the Meghalaya government and the Indian government, but the state government has remained silent. “Now we have a goal to fight and to die doesn't matter,” said the party.
Main Changes: (i) To develop and build a heritage that loves and respects one's own nation and the Bri U Hynniewtrep.
Shillong, June 02: U Joannes JTL Lamare on Saturday lodged a complaint with the Chairman of the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) to take action against the shooting and injury of three Khasi by Nepalis. The incident occurred at Jatalong village, Ribhoi District on Thursday evening.
“The allegation is just like a money laundering, if it cannot be proven by witnesses,” Marak said.
This was announced by the General Administration Department (GAD) Minister Ranjeet Das in the Assam Legislative Assembly in reply to a question by Congress MLA Sibamoni Bora.
“The NPP will emphasize the need for peace and stability in which the state government, central government, political parties, religious parties will go to all the communities to promote peace and stability. unity in Manipur"
Speaking to u SP News Agency, a kharkaia who buys synsar and other agricultural products such as sohmrit in Meghalaya, said that in 10 years, not less than 2000 trucks of synsar are transported from Meghalaya. to the major states of India like Maharashtra, Delhi, Rajasthan, Kolkata and other states.
“Thieves or those with bad character can join the party only as members of the public, but they cannot become members to hold office in the party,” he said.
The school, which was established five years ago, was about to be abolished because pre-primary or kindergarten schools were not included in the list of schools funded by the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA).
“Both the parties have more than 3.35 lakh votes and we believe that this shows that the people of the state also trust the UDP and the HSPDP,” he said. the people want us to work together.
Dr. Batskhem Marboh (Spoke person of VPP)4
Dr. Ebormi Lytan, Medical & Health Officer, Laskein CHC explained about the COVID-19 vaccination. you hand is tika.
Sucrip Manner scored five goals for 7 Wasa in the 3rd and 49th minutes, Dashngain Sukhalin in the 35th and 64th minutes and Samehi Ryngki in the 48th minute. Mo Nuwaz scored in the 6th minute and Md Aruwaz Khan in the 81st minute.
The KSU said that if the government cannot arrest these mynder who are involved in the attack and killing of the KSU member, it shows that the government has no responsibility to bring peace. This government has punished the people by shutting down the internet and closing the roads or curfew from time to time whenever there are protests and riots. This action of this government shows that there is no real responsibility to bring about peace and stability in the state as a whole.
There is no problem to change the date if the Government wants because I know everything depends on the will of the Government.
Thoi Singh scored two goals for Reliance Foundation in the 29th and 58th minutes while Dajiedlang Wanshnong scored one for Lajong in the 41st minute.
Marmain: The Marmain Area Youth Upliftment Union (MAYU) has decided to hold an emergency Executive meeting held on the 23rd of this month at its office in Marmain. The Fifth Annual Youth Festival scheduled to be held on the 3rd and 4th June 2020 at Ason Bitili, Khulia Raid Marmain has been cancelled. The rapid spread of Coronavirus or COVID-19 across the country and the world has posed a serious threat to society and has claimed thousands of lives.
According to the statement, the meeting was led by Laben Ch.
The meeting was conducted by the Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar and Minister of State for Assam, Piyush Hazarika.
However, the Government has not yet said what it will do with this land. And no one knows what is in the report of the High Level Committee? The border issues with Assam will not disappear unless we are informed, considered and take decisions for the benefit of the people living in Assam. border area.
About 70 men and women took part in the race and the winner of the race in the boys category was Lamkupar Lyngkhoi. The second prize went to Damanroi L Marshillong and the third prize went to Badapkupar L Nonglait.
The meeting was attended by NPP President Purno A Sangma, General Secretary Thomas Sangma and many others.
More than 120 people were seriously injured in the blast at the All Saint Church in Kohati Gate area of ​​Peshawar.
As a child, he enjoyed spending time at home with his parents to help them with their work and also to spend time reading informative books.
In fact, the excessive wisdom of mankind today has destroyed this world.
:The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday requested the government to withdraw the letter issued by the officer of the Social Welfare Department for the misuse of the KHAD. (Khasi Social Custom of Lineage) Act, 1997.
Earlier, M.Iawphniaw, District Pedagogy Co-ordinator, Sakmagra Shiksha Abhiyaan (SSA) conducted the meeting while Dianghunlang Warjri, District Community Mobilization Co-ordinator, Sakmagra Shiksha Abhiyaan (SSA) conducted the meeting. SSA), South West Khasi Hills District gave the welcome speech and concluded with the singing of the National Anthem.
He said that this woman urgently needs to get a good house free from rain, wind and other health hazards, because the house where she used to live, is no longer comfortable for her to live. to stay, to sleep, to sleep again, that it is blind.
If the residents of J&K sell their land to other Indians, this will gradually lead to the loss of land to foreigners and this will lead to landlessness for foreign language owners.
As the game went on, both the teams started to fight hard to get the ball into the net but it was in the 84th minute that George Franky of Laingut Chidus FT scored the first goal. He scored the first goal of the tournament.
Fifth, as far as education is concerned, it requires proper management, concerted management, and joint implementation between the Federal Government and the States.
Both the teams tried to play hard, but Royal scored the first goal in the 7th minute through Lurstep Khongsit.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 16: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawshynrut Circle today visited Shallang area to conduct the inspection of bill and trade licenses for foreigners who come to trade and trade in the area. During the raid, the union found that almost all the foreigners who came to work in the area did not have proper documents even to prove that they are Indian citizens.
The Khasi Hills Cow Breeders Association (KHAHA) has said that there has been a theft by someone in the installation of two types of earrings in the cows. throughout the Khasi Hills.
These kings were powerful and were also known as “God-kings”.
“We will not cooperate with anyone in next year's MLA elections including the BJP,” said Conrad. held at the Constitution Club of India, New Delhi.
Darimitre Syih scored the second goal for Khimusniang in the 50th and 87th minutes.
The youth had thrown himself into the river but was thrown into a shallow place and drowned.
As a reminder, this is one of the oldest demands of the JSU which started in 2001 during the tenure of President Charles Phawa. However, due to the suspension of the Government through the HRD Ministry from the universities to open campuses from this year, a Community College has had to be set up in Wahiajer Village, West Jaintia Hills.
The shop is registered as NN Electronic.
But what the Jews are waiting for now is only to receive the command to rebuild the Third Temple, and for this Temple to be built, God has not said anything and has not commanded but only the desire of the Jews themselves to fulfill the writing of that time "the last days or seven years" mentioned at Daniel 9:2
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Sports Cell has strongly opposed the decision of the Sports Department of the State Government to select up to nine out of 14 foreign basketball players to represent Meghalaya at the National Basketball School. Games will be held in Haryana.
Guwahati: The Indian government has taken over the implementation of Article 355 in Manipur to maintain peace and order in Manipur. They increasingly left their bases in Assam to deploy troops to various parts of Manipur.
At the same meeting, the party also renewed its office bearers for the year 2022 to 2024. The office bearers are Bah Evandul Marbaniang, Vice President Rijied Rynjah, Secretary Thrangbor Sawian, Assistant Secretary Dening Nongrum and Finance Secretary Nevalshal. Citizens.
“The lack of peace and stability in the country is one of the issues that the country is facing today, even though India is a country that includes different ethnic groups, religions. various; “It's been 8 years since the BJP government came to power,” she said.
I don't want to build a monument in such darkness so I urge the health department together with the community leaders, civil society and health experts to take measures to educate the public in the villages on this. There is no cure for the disease and other diseases that have not been cured but the medicines are only preventive because there are still other diseases that have not been cured so that the people can get information to avoid misunderstanding because there are cases that The families, the villages, the communities have come to a misunderstanding just because of ignorance and on the basis of ignorance comes wise explanations from those who act like KONGSAN in the wrong way thus to prevent the rule of I urge the health department to take action on this issue to educate the public about the diseases that scientists, doctors and scientists are still looking for cures. The public should be vigilant that if anyone has injuries to the head, they should go to doctors who have certificates for treatment or to hospitals for treatment. that's only for the head but if from other parts of the body it goes differently because I got this disease now it's a medical error during a serious head injury I don't want to prolong the injuries because I don't understand the rules of treatment because the disease doesn't allow me to come forward. to shed light on one's experience, so that society may be freed from darkness.
“A speech was also delivered by Reverend Father Richard Majaw, who said that the sisters have come to this area to improve education, society, especially in the service of the Lord.
The union has announced that it will convene a public meeting on the 20th of this month at Phra Mer at its office at the house of Ma S.Kyndait at 10:30 pm to discuss the issue of trucks. .
Regarding this issue, the district has sent a letter to the Secretary of MeECL, Lumjingshai, Shillong and the Chief Executive Engineer of Public Health Engineering, Meghalaya. In a letter signed by the Secretary to the Executive Committee of KHADC, the Secretary to the Executive Committee of KHADC said that there have been Union Rangbah Shnongs who have come. They met with the CEM of KHADC and expressed their concern that the people living in the area under the jurisdiction of KHADC have been faced with the sudden implementation of the Shillong Master Plan Area by MUDA. MUDA) in the areas under the jurisdiction of the Council where they are not allowed to install electricity or water without the permission of the department.
Therefore, the leaders said that they will forgive the speech of the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui and will not be angry anymore, because they said that maybe it is just a mistake, but they have They said that this should not happen again and said that before he speaks, he should think twice, so that it will not affect them.
Nongpoh: About 30 passengers of a bus have escaped injuries after the bus they were traveling in collided with the Wah Umran at Jyntru village in Ri Bhoi district.
Besides the HSPDP, KHNAM has also decided to support Pastor Basaiawmoit.
Alfondbirth Kharsyntiew General Secretary of the HFU said that the HFU will not rest, but will continue to fight until the illegal kilo cutting of jhur is eliminated. who sell in Iewduh and other markets in the state.
Shillong, July 13: On the 12th of this month, at about 12:30 pm, a group of robbers armed with knives broke into the residence of Bah Sujit Wahlang in Shella village. , East Khasi Hills and looted T.70,000 and gold jewelery worth T.1.20 lakh.
It was also recalled that Mylliem States is one of the Khasi States as mentioned in the First Schedule of the Constitution of India and also as mentioned in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India. Accession and Annexed Agreement of 17 August 1947 and as referred in the Ministry of States White Paper on Indian States placed before the Parliament in 1950).
He said that many of the Chief Executive Members and residents of the villages whom the government has given to Assam have come to him and complained that the Meghalaya government has not had any discussions or consultations with them. and ki, but it has been investigated by the committees and on his part he said that he will find out the truth on this matter.
To the newer leaders of the Congress party like Bah Process T Sawkmie, Dr. Celstine C Lyngdoh who have criticized him, he said he sympathizes with his friends who don't have a strong mind.
If the Government does not listen to this, the Seng will take a decision to express our opposition as a nation to protect and protect our soul from the persecution of the rightful people.
Sethi said that if the tournament is moved from the country to another stadium in the middle, the country's team will not participate in the tournament. The PCB will continue to suspend and even continue the tournament.
The total number of cases has risen to 2,376 with 1,518 undergoing treatment, 808 recoveries and 50 deaths.
She is the daughter of Pynshailang Syiemlieh and Emerald Langstieh, residents of Laitjem village.
However, besides many jobs for the youth, the government understands that it is necessary to put education first.
Shillong, July 25: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Saturday held a meeting of all the Rangbah Shnongs of Khasi National Dorbar Hall on the issue of the dismissal of Rangbah Shnongs. According to the order issued by the High Court, many of the Rangbah Shnongs and Village Leaders have expressed their opposition, along with the opinions and agreements they have expressed at the meeting.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that if many churches feel it is necessary to investigate the illegal entry of foreigners, the Government has no problem doing so. .
The Meghalaya Speed ​​Skating Association (MSSA) has launched the 2nd Meghalaya Open Speed ​​Skating Championship on the 16th of this month in collaboration with St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School and the Meghalaya Roll Ball Association. St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School.
“We have requested the government to allocate funds to pay the salaries of the employees but we have not yet received any reply from the government,” she said. it was unable to pay the salaries of the employees.
The walk is very pleasant, especially for those who don't walk much, it is difficult to walk after a while because there are some steps in parts and many steps. and the fields also.
The 2nd District League T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 has now entered its fourth day with Friends United CC and Cricket Lovers CC winning on 16th June
“These are signs of the intention to send Bah Charles Pyngrope to Mawryngkneng and to get Nongthymmai and this is evident from the appointment of Bah RG Lyngdoh as the Adhoc President of Mawryngkneng. I'm from Nongthymmai Congress Block,” he said.
Then the Jaidbynriew knows and recognizes that they are the children of Hynniewtrep and Hynniewskum.
Shillong, March 1: After the death of Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, President of the HSPDP, there have been many discussions among the people as to who else will take over the post of President of the party. Who is the Vice President of the party?
Speaking to media, Hek said the decision to lift or continue the curfew will depend on the situation of the Covid-19 pandemic in the next 10 to 15 days. in a day or two.
:The Khasi film “Who knows?” is starring Khasi actors and actresses, including Ibaniewkor L Mawnai, Jenny, Banmanbha Marwein (Nick) and Ribhanylla Thangkhiew (Lydia). , Meena Khongain, Catherine A Kharsati.
Sarma said he personally visited the Mahendra Mohan Choudhury Hospital (MMCH) to learn about the treatment of these patients.
After that he gave a gift and got ready to leave.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 7: The lack of adequate drinking water in five villages of Nongtrai area including Japung, Mawdonglang, Jririangsin, Nongthymmai, North Borkhe and Mawkohram , Lumdiengjri and Ïawnaw, villages on the border of West Khasi Hills and East Garo Hills, have put the residents in dire straits.
Ubah Hamlet demanded that the company should withdraw these advertisements as it will affect the employees.
According to the President of CSWO, it is surprising that the police act like they don't know when they are the enforcers of the law.
“The Tourism Department will assist in the beautification of the pond built by the village under the supervision of the Rongmesek Promotion Society to build shelters, boats and houses near the pond,” he said. KC Khyriem while visiting the village and Mawkyndur Hill recently in the presence of Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, MLA Umsning Constituency, Kong RC Sohklet, Director Tourism Department, Bah Plielad Tiewsoh Chairman Ri-Bhoi. The Rangbah Shnong of Rongmesek, Bah Albinus Timung and other officers.
If it weren't for such people within the FKJGP, I wouldn't have left without proper reasons.
Many, who saw this picture, believed that it was a sign of the burning of the world by fire and others, who saw this colour, when it appeared across the country.
Shillong: Two more people have died of COVID-19 in the state today, both of them died at Nazareth Hospital, Shillong, bringing the total number of deaths to
Joey scored three goals in the 27th minute while Lenningstar Kynter scored one goal in the 45th minute.
Prof. B. Parthasarathy, General Secretary, AIFRUCTO will also be present at the meeting.
It's mine, others haven't done it.
It is not good for difficult groups.
Everyone is urged to take action to close the markets to prevent the spread of coronavirus.
Thongni Football Club won 4-2 goals against Dong Thiepdiengngan Football Club to decide the winner of the tournament. The 3rd Turshaphrang Knockout Football Tournament 2023 was opened by Bah Mandilos Nongbri, Vice President of HYC South West Khasi Hills as the chief guest in the presence of Bah Ialam Rngaid as the chief guest.
Shillong: The JSU Central Body today led by JSU President Lawyerson War and General Secretary Jersom Shylla in the presence of Shillong Circle President Treiborlang R Suchen and Jowai Circle President Neal Jordan Rymbai. War Circle President Eddy Kerry Pohtam and members of the War Circle laid wreaths at the Mot Kiang Nangbah at Iongpiah Jowai and at the Mot Sahnam of Woh Kiang Nangbah at Syntu Ksiar as a sign of remembrance and respect. Woh Kiang Nangbah's 157th Death Anniversary.
“They come from Bihar, they come to work, but they don't have labor license,” he said.
Meghalaya has also won 35 silver and 78 bronze medals.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh President HYC Mawlai Circle said, “What is the use of the Notification of the SOP announced by the government through the Principal Secretary of the Labor Department? which exceeds these rules.
The MDA 2 government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma, must respond otherwise the announcement to the farmers of these missions, is only a letter of thanks to the people.
The school is also facing many shortcomings and needs and the union leaders also promised to take action to talk to the relevant authorities especially the leaders to turn their attention to the school. for assistance in the development of this school especially in education.
Besides these, there will also be private individuals who will participate.
On the other hand, Bah G.Warlarpih, Vice-President of KJBWA, strongly condemned the Hima Mylliem and KHADC and said that the Transit Pass issued to these cow buyers has not been issued to the farmers. However, it is surprising that these cows were seized while the Transit Pass was approved by the KHADC. Therefore, the Union of Farmers under the banner of KJBWA, is fighting against the Hima Mylliem. and KHADC, at the same time, the union demands that the KHADC should clarify the denial of the KHADC which said that it has nothing to do with collecting taxes on the cows in the market, he added.
He gave an example that even if you buy only rice, the people pay tax and even rice is included in the Goods and Services Tax (GST).
Even if some are lost, others who are more citizens have fulfilled their duty because they have the responsibility and desire to have governors who work for the development of the State higher in all sides.
They said that the contractors have owed up to T.1460 lakh to PWD alone and T.1000 lakh to PHE. FDR (Natural Calamities) 849 (lakh), 5054 (General) 57 (lakh), 5054 (13 th Finance) 22 (lakh), 5054 (SPA) 127 (lakh), and 5054 (RIDF) (tooth).
However, in Shallang, the villagers have become slaves, because the income has been taken over by foreigners.
These 42 unemployed women have staged an indefinite strike today to demand that the government should employ them.
The Waheh Shnong of Khanduli, Ma Yooshida Nongspung, said that the Khanduli Village Authority immediately held a meeting on the 26th and lodged a complaint with the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District to demand the recovery of the body within the 24th. However, until the time of the news, there were no signs of the death of the body.
Along with training, the government needs to provide financial assistance to enable the people to have access to adequate toilets to avoid going to the wrong places.
Even if you eat too much, you can because it doesn't grow as quickly as Dohsniang.
There were also Dramas, Skits, Competitions and Song Competitions.
Rising Star won the 1st T10 Tennis Ball Knockout 8-A-Side Cricket Tournament by beating Nios Sports by 75 runs in the final of the 2013 FIFA World Cup. Bear Stadium, Pohskur, Jowai on Saturday.
The appointment or inheritance of the post of Lyngdoh was made by the former Lyngdoh of the Raid and the appointment was according to the customs and traditions of the Raid. The Raid is that the inheritance shall be from the Kpoh of the Kur Lyngdoh and the resident of the Raid Bhoilasa.
In East Shillong, there were 24169 voters and 19709 voters turned out to vote which is 69.13%.
It is learned that the man was standing in line to get his documents from the place, when suddenly he started speaking in Ukrainian, and he he took out a bottle of incense, poured it on himself, and burned himself alive.
I doubt what I should believe.
To reduce or eliminate these cements can be done by placing ñiuhkseh in the chicken pens.
The great thinkers of the nation like Soso Tham, Sohblei Sngi Lyngdoh, HO Mawrie, LG Shullai and others have written that we are the heritage of the Bri U Hynniewtrep Hynniewwasa and we too are be part of those Khadhynriewtrep Khadhynriewskum nations.
At the same time, he said that he will discuss whether the roster system should be in the opposition or in the ruling party after he wins the MLA elections, which will be held on 10th June
At the same time, the court said that it is up to the Legislative Assembly and the Government to decide when the Roster System will be implemented in relation to the recruitment of jobs under the Reservation Policy' per State.
In these two illustrations, Jesus makes it clear that life here on earth is also important.
He expressed the expectation that youth organizations and civil society organizations will participate in this program on integration to revive the work of civil society organizations.
It is also Tsitsipas' fourth appearance in the tournament after losing in the final to Nadal in 2018 and
If the words and actions of this MDA government differ and go their own way, this government will no longer gain the trust of the people and after the MLA Election 2023, the MDA government will disappear with another group. There will be no political forum/coalition to rule this state.
And God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them, Genesis 1:26-2
“Since the riots on the Metor, a group of Sikhs from Delhi and Punjab have visited Shillong twice to express their condolences.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Meghalaya Film Makers Association (MeFilMA) has congratulated Julia Kur Bah from Mawngap for taking part in the Dance India Dance Competition.
Ltd and CMJ Breweries Pvt.
And if the Sengbhalang members take another path, they will not hesitate to take the decision to leave the list of 13 Sengs.
But if it is a very big sying, but if it is a small one, no one will buy it.
Mukul urged the people to pray for strength for those who will recover.
In Block-I, the villages adjacent to Assam are facing the same persecution because the Khasi Pnar people have faced the displacement in their own country just because they are afraid of the guns of the Assam. The Assam Police who are intimidating the people like the terrorists.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the KSU Laitumkhrah Unit, Samla Silvester Marweiñ, said that the KSU does not have an office in Laitumkhrah as alleged by the foreigner. which is unfounded.
Shillong: The Baby League for Youth has been held at the Polo Ground after its opening last month.
He said as citizens, we have a duty to do our utmost to follow the rules of the Election Commission.
The purpose of the meeting was also to demand that the KHADC should immediately issue the NOC for the construction of the road. The JAC has been delayed for 45 days, even after the expiry of the deadline, it has not been able to do anything and has asked for another 45 days, and if the KHADC cannot issue the NOC Within 10 months, the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, Meghalaya has announced that all roads in the state will be transferred to other states.
After the damage, it was found that some of the families did not have even a house to live in, because they were swept away by the storm and some of these families were affected. They built as much as they could just to find a place of refuge.
The appointment of Kong Delina is an honor to the nation and the state of Meghalaya especially the North East.
On the other hand, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, MDC Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah, who will contest the 2023 MLA election from Pynthorumkhrah constituency, said that the Secretariat has now become a center of business thinking. ways and means to improve the people.
In another report, an Englishman named David Haines has been killed by ISIS militants, who are believed to have been beheaded by Jihadi John. He is from England and has joined ISIS. Now it is reported that there is another Englishman, who has been threatened with death by ISIS, and that is Alleh. Henning, 47, from the Manchester area.
Members of the Seinraij Jowai including Lammat O Laloo and H Passah were also present in the meeting.
When we look at the Khasi alphabet from A.B.K to Y, it seems that these alphabets are useless and worthless, but when we think carefully to value the basis of all these alphabets, They have such a profound value that we cannot fully imagine and understand their depth and mystery.
He said that in sports there is a time to lose and there is a time to win. The spirit of sports in their lives, because these days it is necessary for the children to be skilled to help their future after graduation because there is a scope for they cannot get Government jobs related to sports.
It is worth mentioning that in the past years there has been a ssynrai festival and other festivals held during the rainy season in Sohra and this year too there is a similar idea.
He said that according to the information received by the Seng, the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board has ordered these factories to stop operating but these factories have not been able to stop operating. This shows that although these factories have not received permission, they have continued to operate illegally which is a threat to the environment and the health of the residents. this area.
HS Prannoy won his first World Tour title after defeating China's Weng Hong Yang in the final on Sunday. God.
He said that the CBSE has announced that it will hold the examination in June; Therefore, the MBOSE will have to conduct the examination before June, so that they can release the results in time.
However, it is surprising that the government has not listened to anything on this issue by imprisoning these two persons for two months,” said UDP Working President Bah Paul Lyngdoh. announcement on this day.
Bas Bareh, one of the elders of Jalaphet village, said that in the past few years, there were such factories which wanted to build factories in the village, but because the children of the village strongly opposed. the factory was destroyed.
We urge the government to implement these demands of MEPA,” said the statement.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Pynhun said that the robber had remained calm and had fought to escape from the arrest, but after the minister saw him, he immediately informed the HYC and the HYC. She went down to this village in Mawtngam, and arrested him safely from his mother's house.
This was announced by the Under Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Political Department.
On this occasion, the NEIPF also issued a resolution on the bringing together of all Indigenous and Ethnic people for the same future. They are especially affected by the influx of foreigners, which can destroy them completely.
He said that Joy Nichols Roy has brought the District Council, Prof. GG Swells has advocated for Meghalaya together. Other leaders while the leaders of the Congress party opposed at that time.
Replying to the confirmation of the lack of job opportunities, the Prime Minister said that there have been many opportunities to create job opportunities for current and future job seekers. under the operation of his government and there were figures on this which were available in various sectors to prove on the comments.
“You don’t quit halfway, when you quit halfway you fail your dream," he said.
Such types of public leaders are the most valuable leaders in public administration and are no different from the 'Niang bshiah kila rong' and are also called in foreign languages ​​as those leaders Niangbsiah lḥal color is what 'Chameleon type of Representatives).
East Jaintia Hills Police on the 30th of this month have arrested a suspect in connection with a case No. 48 (6) 2023 u/s 21 (c)/29 NDPS Act. Jhangir Alom of Lakhipur, Assam for involvement in the smuggling of drugs for the purpose of illegal trafficking.
In the Mixed Doubles U-19, Hasael Nelson Shabong and Catheresa Lyngdoh won the title by defeating Xavier T Tariang and Carylynda Nongbri.
The judges are Phira Dohtdong, Arman Disiar, Iarap Biam, Wanri Pyngrope, star of JingIM and Nadia Syiemlieh, star of Dhaka Escape.
He justified that the country had witnessed about 525 incidents of apparent anti-Christian violence in 2021 and 600 in 2022.
Mebanker Shullai, one of the prominent players from Jowai, has made a name for himself in the history of the West Jaintia District Badminton Association (WJDBA) after winning the 13th District Open Badminton Championship which ended on Saturday night. at the indoor hall of Seinraij, Jowai.
At the same time, Bah Jyrwa questioned the government for not doing anything to build adequate parking spaces in Them Metor as it is government land.
During the visit, he said about the loss of six lives in the shooting in Mukroh.
Nongpoh: Leaders of three political parties in Byrnihat, including the FKJGP, RBYF and KSU, today conducted a surprise raid on commercial vehicles carrying passengers from Byrnihat. to the villages in the Narbong area.
Explaining, Bah Chyne said it is surprising that the Minister of Transport has admitted that the KHADC has already issued the NOC for the construction of the railway line in Ri- Bhoi District has no record of such cases.
Aizawl, Minerva Punjab from Chandigarh won the title.
I don't know why, I know they are the people of Bah Let.
The Additional Chief Secretary to the Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) on Tuesday called for a meeting with the leaders of the Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA). The All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (AMSSASTA) has informed that the State Government has not been able to pay the salaries due to the failure of the Central Government to release the funds to the State.
Shibun said that Alphonse, who is in charge of Meghalaya for the upcoming elections, will be in the state more often to campaign from July. Amit Shah will not campaign for elections in the state.
“In my opinion, the preparation was adequate but the implementation was very poor, which was done in a hurry, without thinking far,” said Justice Vaiphei's report. “It is for this reason that they could not arrest alive a man through whom the police should have received a lot of information about the intentions and preparations of the HNLC”.
On 12th June 2012, Dhoni scored 44 unbeaten runs to lead India to beat Australia for the first time in Adelaide.
He said that the police have imposed no entry even on the roadsides and these have often caused accidents and taken lives. They should not stand on the sidewalks and pollute the environment by throwing garbage, but when they throw garbage, they should collect it and throw it in the places where it should be thrown. to set up some garbage dumps where they can dump their garbage and that the members of the Seng will come to collect at any time they need to collect, and dump at the government garbage dump ( Marten).
The man was arrested and shot dead, according to the report.
Looking at GDP alone is what causes problems.
Khyriem said the KSU has not backed down from the demand for the implementation of the ILP even after four months of protest.
He said that people from all over the state know about his clinic and every day about 10 patients come to him.
The gate on Jowai Bypass Road is the collection gate of the JHADC which collects money from trucks entering Jaintia Hills. cars carrying loads.
He handed over the kitchen utensils, syntek, chairs to the Dorbar Shnong, while the blankets were handed over to the residents of Mawlai Umjajew.
html for public access.
Milk, cheese and dairy products: These foods contribute to the content of tyrosine.
The KSU will investigate into this matter to clarify and know more, how can the powers of the District Council together with the Dorbar Shnongs be taken away from the District Council,” said Lambokstar Marngar, President of the KSU. The Directorate of Commerce & Industries of the State Government has decided that the factory areas will no longer require the powers of the District Councils. “Issue this announcement as it appears in the media,” said the statement.
“And there was none like it before or after it.” It was only in the days of Joshua, because the Lord God fought for the children of Israel.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Tynsong said; “I have directed the CE of National Highways to conduct an inquiry into whether this allegation is true or not and we will look into such corruption in the implementation of development projects, whether it is in the Therefore, such incidents should not happen.
After the arrest, police have registered a case at Khanapara Police Station and the investigation to track down others involved is ongoing.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today decided to continue the lockdown in East Khasi Hills District until the 17th of this month. date of this month.
The United Democratic Forum (UDF) led by Latiplang, which won the election in the House, has become smaller after two MDCs, Batskhem Ryntathiang of the Congress from Mairang and Grace Mary Kharpuri, lost their seats. MDCs from Nongshken have left their support for the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) party, Teinwel Dkhar.
Tobacco related cancer is most common in North East India and is more common in men.
Current and former MLAs and MDCs of Ri-Bhoi will also be honoured.
The country produces about 10.5 million tonnes (23 billion pounds) per year, which is more than 77% of the world's production.
Joe Biden, a staunch member of the Catholic Church, wears a rosary in his hands everywhere and is grateful that the Catholic Church has guided him in the life that doesn't go all the way.
Speaking to media after the release of the BJP election schedule for the upcoming MDC elections in GHADC, Bah Earnest Mawrie The President of the BJP Meghalaya Unit, U Garo Hills, has urged the people of Garo Hills to allow or elect the BJP to rule in the District Council so that it can bring about the implementation of the District Council. Besides these issues, the BJP has also said that it will continue to strengthen the work of the District Council by collecting revenue online. She promised that if the EC is formed, it will bring about a clean and transparent working environment free from corruption and corruption.
The match between Selajong FC and Nongbri FC was very interesting in which both the teams failed to score their goals in the first half and also in the second half. Nongbri Brothers FC won the tie breaker by 6 goals against Selajong FC. Nongbri Brothers FC won the title. Football tournament at Mawlangwir Sports Stadium.
“There are so many limitations.
Chanang once again scored the highest number of runs for the team with 19 runs (not out).
“To imprison people only in the villages where they live will not solve the problems, but will increase the evil in those villages,” said Bah Paul.
He said that 50 percent of the projects implemented by the Garo District Council have been shown only on paper and the money has been spent on the construction of footpaths and bridges, but they are the ones who don't see anything.
L.Warjri, Senior Scientist & Head of Krishi Vigyan Kendra delivered the welcome speech and explained about the Flagship Program of the Government of India POSHAN Abhiyaan entitled “Nutrition Rich India, Educated India, Empowered India”.
There are many schemes for women but the government does not look into them and there is a lot of misuse and discrimination, even by MLAs.
Once this discussion has been completed, it will be handed over to the Executive Committee for further action.
In the tournament, Dong Nongrim-A SC won the title by beating Mawtynrong SC by 2 goals to
From Sohiong, Jemino received 8158 votes, while from Mylliem, Hamlet Dohling received 10,065 votes. Minister of State Dr Jemino received 5974 votes and Vincent received 11556 votes.
Mr Watsing Papeng Village Head
After a conversation only about Riia, they fall asleep.
Kingslee Fernandes joined the club after spending three seasons with Churchill Brothers.
During the harvest and shortly thereafter, a sudden decline in retail and wholesale prices was observed.
“This is the first study of its kind to show a relationship between EAT and the severity of left atrial fibrosis in patients with a-fib,” said Rabbat.
Was it because there was not enough food like at the Civil Hospital and Bethany in those days or for other reasons? Only about 600 of these 5000 have been tested.
The HSPDP and PDF have won only two MLAs each. Only 19 MLAs from the four ethnic parties and 12 MLAs are still missing to form the government! It is time for the ethnic parties to come back together so that they can better compete with the larger political parties.
“After three and a half months of not meeting each other, do you expect the talks to be friendly?” asked the reporter.
Shillong: Union Minister in charge of Road Transport and National Highways Nitin Gadkari today inaugurated the 102.255 km two-way road from Jowai to Ratacherra on the border with Assam.
“Bah Pathaw together with the village leaders came to meet me regarding this scheme and took me to the water well to verify that the water is safe,” he said. .
Speaking at the meeting, the MLA said that cooperation and mutual assistance is the way to improve income in the society.
The Chullai Brothers celebrated the 12:45 pm.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Mayborn said that since he contested the VPP MLA election from Pynthorumkhrah constituency in the last election, he has been in contact with his parents and relatives. again the same.
Ajay Tirkey, Secretary, Land Resources, appreciated the efforts of Anandhi, Deputy Director, LBSNAA to organize this conference and explained that while the desire of the Autonomous District Councils in the North East to change digital and updating of land information systems is a step forward, all measures will be taken to support the Councils in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution and existing laws.
As the road is very bad, Conrad took a gypsy to reach the village along with Chief Advisor Thomas A. Sangma and Chief Whip Marcuise Marak.
On the part of the President of Seinraij Jowai, Ma OR Shallam invited and welcomed everyone to participate and celebrate with Seinraij Jowai in this Behdieñkhlam to showcase to the world the richness of the culture and traditions of the Pnars.
“The Minister of Health and Family Welfare has promised to take action and not to appoint a committee,” said Bah Passah.
On the other hand, the party also strongly condemned the MDA-1 government for creating many problems regarding the border land allocation in Phase-1 and for this purpose in Phase-2
The deterioration of this road has caused a lot of trouble to the people especially when they are sick or have any urgent work.
Police are conducting investigation into the incident.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 1,462, the death toll has risen to 1546 and the number of cases in the state since the beginning has risen to 92,3
Since its launch, there have been about 53,000 consultations and assistance to patients through 467 facilities in the state.
Can the private right of any person or entity be restricted? In fact, Righteousness and Sin must go hand in hand just as Righteousness and sin go hand in hand.
Meghalaya received the award at the award ceremony held at Vigyan Bhawan, New Delhi, in the presence of the President of India Droupadi Murmu.
“Therefore, how can we close the shops in the villages, when the kharkaia, the khaw, which used to buy T.1,250 per kilo, now sells T.1,500 per byrni, which is 50 kilos”.
With the appointment of Fr.Ioannis War Pakma from 2012 to 2019, there has been a improvement in the working methods.
“The fight against corruption is well supported...those parties and leaders who do not have the courage to stand by corrupt people have received a strong warning from the voters,” he said. said Modi.
“Now it will be up to 60 MLAs, the party with the most MLAs usually wins the post of Speaker but it doesn't matter it is up to the MLAs to elect,” he said.
Those who work at the infiltration gate don't check well,,,,,,,and I think many of them have entered the infiltration gate in the past few days,,,,,,,,,,torti how to check Jong.
In connection with these two incidents, police have lodged a complaint at Lumshnong Police Station under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing to find out who else is involved.
After the formation of the RDA, the UDP won six seats, excluding Ranikor, and the HSPDP two seats.
Wilbert Marbaniang, who scored two goals, scored the second goal for Ryntih in the 67th minute. Ryntih SC won the match 3-0
The 1st Open Veteran Football Tournament has been postponed to the semifinals on November
The Sambhal will vote in the fourth round on 7th June
The tournament will be held in Tashkent, Uzbekistan from 29th June to 15th June.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills, Isawanda Laloo received the award from Bollywood actor Akshay Kumar on Tuesday.
Many of the passengers inside the bus sustained serious injuries including the driver of the bus.
The body of Bah Phisar Nongrum, 75, was first found on Friday and the body of Lumlang Riahtam, 16, was recovered this morning.
The report shows that according to the tests, the water samples from 44 villages are positive for coliform and E.coli, low pH value, high iron content, which clearly shows They also said that these waters are not safe to drink according to the FSSAI standard.
Those who attended the meeting to collect information from the state as a whole how many pigs have died and the government will be able to provide assistance and it can be piglets if it cannot be provided with money. .
“The safety of the people is the top priority of the government so I urge the DCs to work with the village authorities to know which areas are at risk or prone to flooding in order to stir up the people.
The Delhi High Court has approved the release of Shikhar Dhawan and his wife on charges that Dhawan was raped by his wife, Aesha Mukerji. affect his lifestyle and thinking.
Psalm 48:2.
The union said that the government should not forget about the railway line but should turn to the problems faced by the people from time to time, turn to the youth who are looking for jobs. “If you don't have a job, turn to the roads and bridges which have been constructed by contractors, turn to the Civil Hospital which has only a name while there are no facilities,” said the statement. JNC Publicity Secretary, Bah Mebanteilang Sukhalin.
The Seng Khasi Nongmensong will hold the Shad Suk Mynsiem 2024 on the 2nd and 3rd October at the Shad Ground as usual.
Newhil, Pammanik, Mookaswan Dongnein and Myrjai won the 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy organized by the WJDSA on Tuesday.
Therefore, the SIM has urged all the residents who plant trees in any place to take care of them to avoid the roots of trees.
The new leaders include Leningstar Rymbai who has been re-elected as President, Jimiral Kharmuti, Vice President: Skembhalang Dkhar & Eddy Lamare, General Secretary: Roitre Dkhar, Assistant Secretary: Kerbhame Dkhar, Chief Organizing Secretary: Pilarstone Phawa, Organizing Secretary: Jordan Rymbai, Education Secretary: Wellson RD Siangshai, Assistant Education Secretary: Heyboyme Marphet, Financial Secretary: Marbud Chyrmang, Asst Financial Secretary: Nicolast Symbai, Discipline Secretary: Cleofas Shylla, Assistant Secretary Discipline : Shnalad Rymbai, Asst Sport Secretary: Shining Shylla, Publicity Secretary: N Ribok Biam, Asst Public Secretary: Donkupar Kharkrang, Socio & Cultural Secretary: Pynbait s Passah, Asst Socio & Cultural Secretary: Eiladmiki Dkhar, Information Suchiang Secretary: Chanskem .Info Secretary: Bormi Dkhar, Office Secretary: Binet Suting, Assistant Office Secretary: Ionis Rymbai.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students' Movement Eastern Region (JSU) has received many complaints from the residents of the district that many shops selling food items such as Ladrymbai, Khliehriat, Sokiloo and other markets in the district have been closed down. They sell even expired goods. This poses a serious threat to the health of our people especially those who are illiterate, who do not know or do not know how to check. before purchasing from the Shops.
These pests are known as Yellow Stem Borer, Leaf Folder, Gundi Bug, Rice Blast, Rice Leaf Spot and Udbatta Disease.
Strongly supporting the Citizenship Amendment Act, Gadkari said there is not a single country for Hindus.
“On this occasion, the C&DST Lab was also inaugurated to support the diagnosis and treatment of TB. As part of the implementation of the National Tuberculosis Elimination Program (NTEP), Regional Laboratories were also inaugurated. across the state.
The legend of the ancestors tells us that the villagers from all over the country came to take part in this special Dorbar held at Rangad Heh.
At the same time, explaining about the leadership of these intelligent speakers, the President said that he wants the youth of the constituency to have the opportunity to hear the talented speakers who can bring about the future. change in the way they think in everyday life.
Explaining about the work that Dasakhiatbha has done, the NPP Mawhati leaders, including Bah Donbok Kharnaior, Secretary of the NPP and Bah RM Mukhim, said that the MLA Mawhati, has been able to He has completed 13 PMGSY roads, followed by the road from Umsniang to Sonidan which is about 40KM long, as well as the road from Liarbang to Mawlasnai which will connect to Jingkieng Umkhen. , roads to be implemented soon, in which if counted only on roads, the allocation of funds has reached more than T.300 crore.
“On the part of Nujorki Sungoh, while receiving these donations, he congratulated them and asked them to put in his prayers to reach the goal of victory in this election 2018,” he said. u ma SD Synnah, Secretary Election Committee.
If the church can convert one member of the family, it means that the convert is the agent of the church to convert all the members of the family. ing.
“We will start the state government university by focusing on the lines of study that can be done,” he said.
In fact, the hospital should have 100 beds but after the opening of the hospital, it has only 50 beds.
However, fortunately, the Chief Minister went ahead with only a few senior ministers and senior leaders from the coalition partners closest to him.
The Nano, which was carrying 10 passengers to Nongkaniang village, collided with the truck and the driver and passengers sustained serious injuries. That no one could be remembered until the rescue of the people who found the incident.
The government's plan to collect revenue by introducing the 'Khalai' camp is completely wrong and has affected the state as a whole, because they have used the 'Khalai' camp. in the name of bringing in revenue or making money for the state, but the truth is that even the revenue generated by the state, they don't know how to use.
LACK OF TECHNIQUE:— Many children do not know how to use mobile phones or computers properly and this is the reason why many online classes or online trainings are lost.
Shillong, July 18: The State Government has approved the implementation of the National Food Security Act, 2013 to provide food items at affordable prices in the State. cabinet this Friday.
Speaking to media, the president of the party, Bah Louis Dohtdong, said that they also demand that the government should follow the central examination, which they said that if used, there is only There is no written examination and no personal examination. He said that it is through this personal examination that they will be able to smuggle.
He urged the people to refrain from evil deeds.
That's right, mother,” said Bah Bok.
Shillong: The Inspector General of BSF Meghalaya Frontier, Kuldeep Saini, on Tuesday said that the BSF is busy seizing cows from time to time at the border and these cows have been placed at the BSF camp. They were remanded in custody until a court order to hand them over to the police.
Leaders who think constantly how to get to power but when they sit down they don't know what to do.
AMKA has also taken action from young children by setting up training camps across the city.
During his visit to many places in the state in three phases, Yediyurappa said that he will look into the situation in the state, to discuss and exchange views with followers of the organization and to identify future leaders.
“The repeal of Para 12A (b) of the Sixth Scheduled, so that the laws of the Central Government regarding coal mining will not come into force through the proclamation of the President of the country.
The union demanded that there should be an investigation into the state sports department as well as the officials responsible for the mismanagement and strong measures should be taken to punish them.
The meeting was recorded by Mr. GL Langrin.
It is unfortunate that the Government of India has refused to give a clear answer.
Others who attended the meeting included Vincent Makri, Readyon Stone Nongrum, Shiningstar Kharbihkhew, Aknes Kharsati, Wallambok Kharsati, Secretary Mawryng Village. 1- Mohkhiew, the wait, the star, the khoh, the villagers of Shalum every day go to plant and sow the seeds, so that they can eat and earn money. They drink the sweet water They drink the sweet water that comes from the top of the mountains3-They endure the rain, the cold of the dayOnly to provide food for the people Farmers if without you shishaHow to live and eat today4- old men, women, young people, childrenRemember from now on the farmers don't speak badly of them. Without them we won't eat well.
The Government has forgotten that many households in the state have only one dining room, sum room, room leit kyndew, bedroom, the same food items and some have only one room. or two rooms.
Mairang MLA/MDC Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said he has not yet taken a decision because he still wants to meet his supporters.
In the tie breaker, Mawlai won 4-2, and Marbarin won the Player of the Match.
A small boy had to fall into the ball and stand nearby.
Baïan Blah, BDO of Thadlaskeñ Block was the chief guest at the opening ceremony in the presence of Mayfereen Ryntathiang, President of Grassroot.
The public is requested to complain to the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills District if there are any dealers who sell too much according to the above price. .
This has increased since then and has opened up opportunities for the youth across the state.
“My resignation from the UDP is on the grounds that I have seen that during the elections the UDP shouts against the Congress by accusing and criticizing but it wants to join the Congress after the elections,” he said. said Mr. John.
It helps to pave the way for plants to grow.
The newly joined Congress members were welcomed by MPCC President Vincent H. Pala who is also the Indian National Congress candidate for the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong. The seat will be held on 19th June,
The State Government's plan to reduce traffic jam in Shillong may not be successful, but there are several projects that have been developed and implemented including the Flyover and Skywalk, parking spaces and the construction of the Secretariat. New Shillong Township will help alleviate the problem of traffic jam.
According to a statement sent by Shainstar Kharpan President of the Circle, during the inspection, they found that many foreign workers do not have these documents but have been able to work freely in the city. this bag.
Regarding the Covid Step Down at Umsawli, Hek said that this is a treatment center for covid patients in categories a, b and c where the department has also provided oxygen. , but for patients who do not need ICU treatment and who need ventilator will be treated in hospitals.
Fedelia Lamare scored two goals for East Khasi Hills while Sanfida Nongrum and Fragrance Riwan scored one each.
“Every year the Hima Dorbar should not be abolished, many problems in the Hima arise because the Executive Dorbars do not bring many of the Hima affairs into the Dorbar,” said Bah Pangniang. Hima Bhowal to hold Dorbar every year.
Furthermore, this course will also conduct an examination for those who are new members (Level Holder) as well as those who will be promoted (Level Holder).
The Sirdar of Nongjri Elaka, Bah Napoleon Siej, in his speech, said that he is pleased to learn of the foundation stone laying ceremony of this border road, which has been waiting for decades. complete this road, which is the bloodline of this border area.
The union also questioned why the government has introduced such rules and regulations to curb the illegal entry of foreigners, because even after more than three years of passing the decision to demand ILP, this has not happened. The MRSSA has not been implemented yet.
JOWAI: U Octomewot Lamin, District President of the National People's Party (NPP) West Jaintia Hills District, today swore in as the new MDC of the JHADC. Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, JHADC CEM Thombor Shiwat, opposition MDCs from Congress, NPP, UDP and relatives of Bah Lamin were also present.
The start of the tournament, which was held today, was held at two venues, for the girls under 17 years old, at the Umdihar Stadium and for the boys under 14 years old. was held at Umbuda Square.
Therefore, a person who is smart, stingy, intelligent, clever, clever and diligent in his work is a successful person even if he cannot show off his fame.
Speaking after leaving the room, CEM of JHADC, Bah Thombor Shiwat said that the government has not yet accepted the VAB prepared by the Council because it still has shortcomings.
Dileep Kumar, a Hindu from Pakistan, said the Indian law was against religion and humanity or Sanatana dharma.
“That which is born of the flesh is flesh; and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit.
The message on the closing day of the Jubilee was delivered by Rev.S.Diengngan in the morning and Rev.MJ Hynniewta in the afternoon.
Before the match, an opening ceremony was held, led by Ma B Sympli, while Ma Delmi Shylla, was the chief guest and is also the youngest son of the Shnong.
Recently, on the 17th of this month, a motorcycle was burnt down at Kyrbom, Mawprem.
I feel it is too much to check them and all the food items like checking the public so that the public can also feel comfortable.
In the Vinoo Mankad Trophy, Meghalaya lost by five wickets in Goa while in Hyderabad, the women's team lost by 10 wickets in Delhi.
Obesity appears to be closely related to diabetes and other diseases.
She also said that the police have delayed in conducting an investigation into the complaint lodged against the hotel by the son of Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
On the other hand, the Mawlai MLA congratulated the State Government, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and the PWD Department for taking the initiative regarding the construction of the new bridge at Wahumkhrah and the opening of this bridge. There are many benefits to the residents of Mawlai.
As an organization that stands on its foundations and serves and promotes the future of thousands of children of the nation, it will continue to look for ways and means to assist its fellow citizens in any field as far as possible, concluded the statement.
South Carolina has just voted for president this time, after not voting since Jimmy Carter's victory in
Vehicle owners have been directed to collect their money from the office of the SP, East Khasi Hills from the 23rd of this month during working hours.
The same order was issued to Marius Rynjah, resident of Mawlai Nonglum and Bobby Marwei, resident of Jaiaw Langsning.
Hymnson Challam of West Jaintia Hills won the gold medal in the men's sparring category.
The man who became the Chairman was the one who took the children.
“The government should provide electricity to the state without interruption and without overcharging because most of the people complain that they get bill lights that are too high,” he said.
Bah RM ShabongThe Cabinet meeting was held in Jowai, but we did not see any issue, which the Cabinet discussed on the needs of Jaintia Hills, except that the Prime Minister discussed. On the delay in the construction of the Iaw Musiang, which is a market that has been told for decades, and then he visited the upcoming festival venue, which will be named (here) the Meghalaya Age Festival or where there will also be clothing houses that are well known for visitors to stay.
The CSWO has alleged that there is something behind the incident and alleged that at the time of the incident the mobile phones of the DC and SP of South Garo Hills were locked. The union said that these police chiefs are busy providing security to politicians and government officials while the people who are in places where they don't have time to look after.
He added that the Congress party will not be afraid to continue to serve the people of the state and in the upcoming elections the party will continue to work hard as a party. “I have not lost hope even though many have left the party because the people of the state are still turning to the Congress party to bring about changes in the state,” he added.
Four teams including Young Boy SC, Maitshaphrang S&CC, Nangkiew Football and Combined Club took part in the tournament.
"That's right, Hep," said Lydia's mother. Lydia laughed and felt like they were talking.
About 13 masked GNLA members raided Rakkam's residence at 6:45 pm, witnesses said. 3 persons entered the house while others opened fire from the ground floor.
Ency Shadap, Vice President EJNC-CEC in a statement said that the EJNC sends its condolences to the family, relatives and friends of Simon Mannar and hopes that the Creator will console him. the whole house of Simon.
The bombing that year was the worst disaster Iraq has experienced at the time.
The Minister said that the Ministry of Literacy has made progress towards achieving this goal.
The Meghalaya High Court has issued an order that no planting or clearing of stone on the border between Meghalaya and Assam should be allowed until 6th June. 2023.
We should not doubt remember that God has made a clear promise and says, “I will not leave you until you are old and gray-headed.
Following the announcement by the Election Commission of India to hold the postponed elections in Sohiong Constituency to be held on 10th June, 2023, the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) and other guidelines of the Election The Commission has been operational immediately throughout the East Khasi Hills District.
Speaking to media, HYC Leader Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin said that the HYC's opposition to the central government's announcement is that according to the announcement, if the central government wants to take There is no need to consult the public.
In Khasi-Jaintia Hills, the NPP has only 8 MLAs, the UDP has 7, the HSPDP has 2, the PDF has 4, the NCP has none and the Independents have .
Donbosco Secondary School 16.
Last month, the MSOA together with the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri at a meeting held in Tura, decided to recognize Volleyball and Sport Climbing to participate in the Meghalaya Games start this year.
In the second innings, Ankita Sharma scored 53 runs off 37 balls for Ri Bhoi. Ri Bhoi won the match by five wickets.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani said that Khasi women should be the guardians and protectors of the dignity of the country and the nation. to remove the roots of the jyrsih which has entered the houses of the Hynniewtrep people.
At the same time, the union strongly condemns the All Dimasa Students Union (ASU) for fighting against the corruption, said the President of the union.
I say all this in a serious tone.
Because the need makes the voices heard.
Until now, the relationship between Iulia and Salman is unknown, as both of them have not revealed their relationship, neither accepting nor denying their relationship.
The 10-day meeting on how to improve the quality of education in the North East was organized by APJ Abdul Kalam Centre, IIM Shillong.
On the other hand, the BJP president said that the party stands against corruption and said that the party will continue to question any allegations of corruption against the MDA government. Regarding the MDA government, he said that if there are any allegations, there is a right to ask questions.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The Governor of Meghalaya has said that the Governor of Meghalaya has doubted the establishment of another university in Mawlai, known as the Techno Global University. The Governor of Meghalaya, upon receiving information through the media, has ordered the intelligence departments in the state to investigate. and to thoroughly investigate the university.
Jowai, July 09: The 3rd Sniawbhalang Football Tournament 2023 was held today (9th July) at Wahiajer Stadium.
The driver of the bus (AS-20-1909) said that when he arrived at the scene, he could not control the vehicle. Fortunately, the bus stopped on the road.
On the other hand, JSU President Rikut N Parein, who also strongly condemned the seven MLAs from Jaintia Hills, said that the people should examine their work in each constituency where they have contested. .
If 1.41 lakh metric tonnes of coal is not available, or if the coal has been smuggled, is it up to them to find out or is it my duty to tell them? This is my business alone? It is not the business of, but the business of all ministers in government," he said.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, today sent a petition to the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, which is also a suggestion to the state government, that at present to open schools, markets or any public gatherings, to prevent the spread of Corona Virus or COVID-1
Replying to Gogoi's allegation that Assam has given land to other states, the minister said no one can stop Akhil Gogoi, he has disrupted the running of the dorbar since he came to sit in the council.
The chemicals contained in plastics according to research by experts are said to cause many kinds of diseases.
The worst affected village is Mawkhan Pambeh in Marngor area and the cold weather has hit hard from Ramtangi area on the way to Mawkhan Pambeh. sha Marngor ter ter until the crops have fallen plain and it was also said that some farmers have already harvested and are still putting thad in the fields and when they went to check after the incident they found that there was nothing. there is nothing left but the jyntang kba.
In addition, these persons who have not been granted bail will have to comply with the provisions of Section 438(2) of the Code of Criminal Procedure,
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Clement Mawlong, President of the NPP Ri Bhoi District, and Kong Macdalyne S. Mawlong. , MDC Umsning and who is now the NPP candidate from Nongpoh Constituency along with many other NPP leaders in Ri Bhoi.
The people want to see and witness the skills of our MP to advocate and debate in Parliament on issues affecting the country and the nation such as the ILP, the introduction of the Khasi language in the fifth schedule, border problems, defense land in Shillong and many others.
At the same time, he said that 12 other elderly people have died from various diseases including bseiñ.
Mumbai: Maharashtra has reported 3,041 new cases of Covid-19 in the past 24 hours with 58 deaths, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 50,2 The total number of cases has risen to 33,988 and the death toll to 1,6
Samehi Laloo, IPP, Rtn.
“These people without law and order, promise to allow us to eat meat, while in our scriptures, the cow is our mother, but they want to allow the butchers to eat meat. he cat.
The GPS coordinates of these factories are 25.5190919, 90.8995700, 25.5208271, 90.9044355, 25.5205754, 25.5151790, 90.9095365 and 25.5031661, 90.9119360.
From Laitkor – Lumparing through the foothills of Shillong to 7mer also needs to be connected by road.
His passing away is a great loss to the journalism industry in the state.
In the inspection of only two factories, the Shillong Veneer Mill and the Shillong Veneer Mill, the RBYF leaders found that hundreds of foreigners did not have any jobs. proper documentation.
The party should leave the house to show that this party is really telling the truth.
“Many challenges, we have to carry our burden, many problems we have to discuss from time to time but what I want to talk especially to the youth is how to shape the country. and to the whole nation.
The National Bravery Award is presented by the Indian Council for Child Welfare, which is held annually to recognize those children who have achieved their goals. under 18 years of age and who have performed acts of valor.
Many of them have fled the country, it has been an unexpected blessing for us, therefore, contractors and others should no longer import them without getting a Labor Permit from the State Government.
The judges included Professor Fairy Ropmay, Professor Benjamin Lyngdoh and Professor Streamlet Dkhar.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa will attend the border talks which will start at 11:00 pm. Sarma, besides the officers of these two states.
It is not known whether Ghani has fled the scene.
The word “pastor” is only in the church and not in the election.
The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the HSPDP on November 19 jointly announced the name of former HYC leader Samla. Robertjune Kharjahrin has been nominated as the candidate for the Lok Sabha MP elections from Shillong Parliamentary constituency.
Sangma said the government has decided to release gradually, but the decision will depend on what they want and they can open when they have released. feel free to open these places.
In a statement, the HNLC welcomed the welcome of Bah Sromwell Mawdoh, former Headmaster of Laishnong Secondary School, Mawlangsu.
Nongpoh, July 23: Due to the concerns of the residents of Jirang area regarding the lack of electricity, many transformers have broken down and lost in the area until the residents have to stay in darkness, the MLA of Jirang Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang has sent a letter to the Minister in charge of Electricity, Prestone Tynsong.
The woman, Ngenioh Dkhar, resident of Moowamon, Mih Myntdu, had demanded 2,000 tyngka for one woman and 6,000 tyngka for three men.
“We are surprised and strongly oppose this plan behind the KHADC and as the JAC we understand clearly that this is a plan prepared by Bah Bhalang Phanbuh and MDC Mawhati Bah James Sylliang with tricks. “If the hearing goes smoothly, the JAC will convene a public hearing of the villages that draw water from the area,” said the statement. The PIL is the foremost path they have taken.
In the men's junior compound, Chirag Vidyarthi of Madhya Pradesh won the gold medal, Hawaibam Teuton Khuman of Manipur won the silver medal and Rachit Upadhyay of Delhi won the silver medal. you have received a bronze medal.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84790 and out of these 83239 have recovered and 1483 have died.
The HNLC has also criticized the Chief Minister for campaigning for his wife in Lum Garo and using all his tricks to make her husband. As the Queen of Lum Garo, she said that the Prime Minister is concerned only for his family and not for the Hynniewtrep people.
As an entrepreneur, Conrad Sangma has taken steps to turn the youth into entrepreneurs instead of job seekers.
Trinamool Congress (TMC) candidate from Jowai Andrew Shullai on June 2, 2013, on Tuesday said that the National People's Party (NPP) is only Team B of the BJP. The NPP joined hands with the BJP in 2018 amid the increasing attacks on Christians since 2014 when the BJP came to power.
Do what is impossible and leave it to God.
DSE beat Don Rua 36-26 in Mixed Rimshots while Kingsmen beat Don Rua 82-79 in the final on Saturday at the Thomas Jones Synod College Basketball Ground.
Speaking to media, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, President of the UDP and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, said that although On the other hand, the party had a strong belief that it would get the winners from some constituencies but it did not happen and the reason for the defeat of the party is because it had Other groups have urged the Garo people to refrain from voting for the candidates nominated by the UDP as it is the party of the Khasi people. He also said that this issue has come up in the recent elections which has misled the Garo people not to vote for the candidates of the party at this time.
He said the entire party was shocked after learning that their president had been arrested.
Before meeting with the Prime Minister, the Rangbah Shnongs held a rally at Wahingdoh, which was attended by at least 300 people, to protest against the government's rules on servants. government to hold office.
After Kangana Ranaut, Alia Bhatt also took the opportunity to congratulate her friend Deepika Padukone at the Oscars Awards. Naatu Naatu and Elephant Whisperer.
In 1964, Justice JC Shah said that the Constitution does not abolish or completely abolish the judicial system inherited from the Foreign Government and therefore this overturns the decision of another judge, Justice Vivian Bose, 40 years ago, in 1954, said that the Constitution abolishes the rule of law and immediately transforms the rule of law on the basis that “the will and power of the people of the city are above all, and there is no rank, no great, no low and no distinction..." Freedom and the Constitution is the management and reform of the judiciary.
The Sonapyrdi Tourism Economic Development Society (STEDS) also honored those who took part in the three day walk to the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary. 23rd, 24th and 25th November 2023.
Shillong, June 04: Meghalaya has witnessed that five districts have recovered from the disease.
“He said that despite the promises of the Government, the salary increase for Adhoc teachers has been since 2016 when Mukul Sangma was the Chief Minister.
The district authorities are well prepared to curb the infiltration of people in the area after the bomb blast, as Mizoram has a border of up to 150 kilometers and Myanmar, where the number of people displaced has been the highest since the military rule in
It contains the main issues of all the elections and elections to the Rajya Sabha and Legislative Councils held in recent years.
It took about seven hours to clean up the ground.
“Bah Bor, I only tell you one thing, that you must be careful.
Before concluding his speech, the President of the KSU expressed his regret that child marriage in the Jaidbynriew is one of the reasons for the failure to reach the goal because our youth instead of completing the but many of them pass with other degrees, that is, to have children and this is also the decline of the nation.
The Minister said that the decision to upgrade the PHC was taken during his visit to the area after seeing the shortcomings of the PHC. we have worked extremely hard to provide the best medical care and services to the people in the rural communities of the state despite many challenges,": he said.
It was discussed that the 120 buses, which have been operated so far, have been running smoothly and have helped a lot to the people in the State.
Shillong, July 28 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited Don Bosco Technical School, Shillong and distributed certificates and appointment letters to the graduates. their education in this department.
They thliej without shyieng as if they didn't have any more water in the well.
When tied, he struggles to find safe hiding places or to sit inside the car until he is tired.
Besides, the transportation of coal in the past month has been slow and steady and it is for this reason that the burning and transportation of rnga is going well.
In Nongpoh Sajer, the areas that have been placed under the Micro-Containment Zone are the residence of Bindu Rajak, Ajay Lyngdoh, Dulal Kalita, La Sa, Manumi Basumatri, Rakbir Kapri, Khotilda Kharmalki, Jitu Thangkhiew and the residence of Bindu Rajak. Shankar Shah, which will be held from the 7th to the 14th of this month.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The All Meghalaya Contractors and Suppliers Association (AMC&SA) has announced that it will hold its meeting on the 26th of this month at the State Central Library at 2:00 pm.
“We know how many MLAs from the TMC will decide to join other parties for various reasons.
This will be history in the politics of Jaintia Hills (JHADC) and the State where these two rival parties will have to become friends and sit on the opposite side.
In the women's category, Utiful Sohbar won the best player, Grace Marthong scored the most goals and Kmen Lyngkhoi won the best goalkeeper.
They were taken to Mawkyrwat to be used,” said Bah Lumlang.
In the U-14 category, St Peter's High School beat East Garo Hills Bamil LP School Mansang in a 1-0 draw. , while Umphyrnai Presbyterian Sec School beat Mawbidong Sec School 12-0 while Eastern West Khasi Hills Little Stars English Medium Sec School beat Mawbidong Sec School 12-0 South West Garo Hills beat Rongsang 5-0
There are also suggestions that the problems of teachers cannot be addressed through the revenue to be collected.
The reason why the tynshain turned to the house of his ex-husband was because he was angry that the woman was living in her residence with her second husband whose name is unknown. like the Grown Pail.
It also decided to send back the petition to the Government of Meghalaya to send as soon as possible a reply on the implementation of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement 17, 1948, and the report on the Hima Khasi States. , as requested by the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India through a letter sent to the Chief Secretary, Meghalaya on 27th November 2014, before the amendment of the Sixth Scheduled.
The NPST will be launched by the National Council for Teacher Education before 2022 in collaboration with NCERT, SCERT teachers and expert groups from various institutions.
They argued that the complaint filed by the President of the Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) Agnes Kharshiing could not be done at the same time.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSA) today left Shillong for the 3rd North East Games to be held in Nagaland from 18th to 23rd October
“What else are the youth in the state doing?” he asked.
Many people think that the people of this eastern region are stupid and can be deceived,” said the CSWO.
Therefore, to say that there is such a nation or branch of the Jaintia nation I feel is very wrong and it is also a matter of division or division of the nation on my part and perhaps on our part who want to bring about it. the unity of the Jaitbynriew we cannot accept.
The political drama in the state or the political drama as the saying goes, has seen that as the days go by, the times have become more beautiful and there are also reports that in the coming days there will be more violence. dieng kper or the departure of MLAs from one party to another.
According to information, about 2,000 policemen will be used by the government to guard the arrival of the Prime Minister in the city.
However, the information from the Public Information Act, requested by the Rangbah Shnong of Sutnga, Bah S Daniel Lyngdoh, shows that about T.2.35 crore has already been released for this road. T.3 crore for 3 km but the road is like a horse track.
Four UNLF members in two vehicles were seized and firearms and explosives were seized.
While the situation is not clear, it should be addressed responsibly so that the upcoming talks will be meaningful and beneficial to the residents of the area.
Here he worked for about 5 years amid many difficulties.
," he said while expressing his satisfaction that the existence of the Sixth Khyrnit has removed the fear of the State from the CAA. In addition, the CEM of KHADC Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem said. that other states which do not have District Councils are willing to receive them.
“We want to implement the Roster System from behind because we have been destroyed in the last 50 years.
Speaking briefly at the opening ceremony, Bah ER Laloo SF said that the fish kiosks are clean and edible fish and can be marketed well.
“When we were children, people didn't accept the Congress as a Dkhar party but they accepted the Congress, and gradually now they have accepted the BJP in this state,” he said. .
Speaking at his office, the EM in charge of Commerce, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, said that in the second phase of the closure, 11 foreign shops were closed down. He said that there are still about 15 shops in Iewduh which should be closed. Regarding those shops which have already closed their shops, Bah Latiplang said that the department will not rest, but will continue to close these too.
However, all of these can be protected if a healthy lifestyle is followed in everyday life.
Under his leadership as captain, India have won the 2007 ICC World Twenty20, 2010 and 2016 Asia Cups, 2011 ICC Cricket World Cup and 2013 ICC Champions Trophy.
However, as has been the case in recent years, some officers who have been working for only one or two years have been transferred.
In the dorbar shnong, there are no women or longkmie who attend the dorbar, only men, especially the fathers of the households.
The BJYM has written to the Minister that it is necessary to strengthen the Ministry of Home Affairs by means of measures to prevent and not affect the peace and order. special security measures for the people and women, and also pointed out the lack of police force to protect against insurgency and also because of the increase in insurgency in Garo Hills.
Others who took part in the funeral service included Bah Paul Lyngdoh and others.
The village, when it saw that the discussion was not successful, urged the family members to bury them at Lum Jingtep Shnong, but the family of the deceased, did not accept that and said that they would bury them. They informed the village at 11:19 pm that he would be buried at the Church Cemetery.
They said that the police have arrested the suspect.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Dong said that the Dorbar has also decided to temporarily close down the garbage dump and no one will be allowed to dump garbage in the garbage dump until The village council has decided to clean up and remove the garbage from the landfill.
On this occasion, the Minister will inaugurate several major projects in the region including the Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Shillong, hand over the 4G towers in Meghalaya, inaugurate the 4G towers in Meghalaya. NEC projects and Meghalaya projects and will also lay the foundation stone for some projects.
Ex- Rev.K.LangrinA Nepali friend of mine told me one day that Nepali women are very quick to spread any false news.
The BJP has simply succumbed to defeat.
He also criticized the backwardness of Nongkrem led by the President of the VPP for not having a single Government Secondary School.
Besides Paul, there are many people in this state who have donated their blood to this program.
He said the Harijans are ready to talk to the government and this is the basis that the HPC has shown to the state government and also to the Meghalaya High Court.
Let us be surprised that we have to reap what we have sown.
“However, unfortunately, the state government has decided not to implement this scheme.
The CEM said that the KHADC will also build a residential building in the border area of ​​Khanapara as a way to protect the border and land so that the youth of Khasi Hills can live there. stay or stay when you are traveling to Guwahati or anywhere else.
The Prime Minister also said that this budget is the vision of a young India.
And do what the Bible teaches.
Of these, 200 have been selected for the Elite Pathway Program and 12 have been selected for the Super Elite Pathway Programme.
The final list of 23 was selected by Ahmed after a month of training in Srinagar.
He said that through their success in the tournament, it will become an example for the youngsters who have the desire to improve in sports.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, the Minister said that the National Highways and Infrastructure Development Corporation (NHIDCL) has recently handed over the work. package to a new contractor.
The Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12 – Daloi is one of the branches of the Seiñ in the Ri 12 Daloi Jaintia Hills which is named after the Dalloi and works for religious purposes. The Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12 Daloi is deeply saddened by the sudden passing away of Rang, KC Rymbai, Daloi of Jowai District, Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12 – Daloi, said that the passing away of Jowai District is a great loss to the family members of the people of Jowai District. , to the 12th – Daloi, to the Jowai, to the District itself and to the state as a whole.
According to reliable information, this action of the DSEO office has upset the children as it is the first time that the office has asked such questions.
The HYC leader said that the HYC has requested the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to provide a copy of the letter of the MHA so that they too can give their opinion to the Government.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah KP Pangñiang, congratulated and encouraged the teachers, who have worked hard body and soul to improve the education of the children.
“Bah Nongtraw said that the establishment of the HNLC was based on the rights of the past.
He said that at present the price is very low due to the shortage of electricity not only in Meghalaya but in the region and the country as a whole due to the lack of electricity supply from the grids.
There is no longer any responsibility and commitment to serve and work righteously.
In June 2020, the United Arab Emirates awarded Ronaldo a golden visa under the auspices of the Dubai Sports Council.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 83685 out of which 81807 have recovered and 1452 have died.
The Tura Fast Track Court (TFTC) has been investigating the case for about a year now and the case may come to an end. one of the witnesses who is also the investigating officer and the case will start tomorrow.
Khamtam is not a state that has been blessed by God.
In another incident on Tuesday, armed robbers set fire to the Manipur Mountaineering Institute (MMI) nearby. Loktak Hydro-Electric Project, Henglep sub-division of Churachandpur district.
Raj Mario Noronha and Ghanashyam Hazarika of Numaligarh Refinery.
The UN General Assembly which Bah Dympep will attend is an opportunity for all NGOs and civil society organizations to express their views and visions for development. and human rights.
Meghalaya NPP President Marcuise N. Marak has said that the people of Meghalaya have confidence in the leadership of the Prime Minister Conrad K. Sangma because of the good work of the Government. Regarding the allegation by Lok Sabha Member Vincent Pala that the MDA Government has not done anything, Marcuise N. Marak he said that claim was baseless.
He said that according to the information received, the census has been conducted by the Census Department while the names have been sent to the Supply Department. you're confused.
Shillong, Naitung 27: Members of the CEC of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (CYC) today held a sit-in at the Parking Lot of the Addl.Secretariat to protest against the government's failure to respond to the 14 One of the issues is the Inner Line Permit or ILP. The HYC members chanted 'We Demand ILP' They also condemned Dr Mukul Sangma and his government ministers by saying 'Dr. Mukul Sangma Down Down' and 'Cabinet Minister Down Down'
In a letter to the SDO (C), the FKJGP said that the company's tortious construction of this road has put at risk the residents who live farther away from this road. .
Analysis of data from the LDB in recent years has also shown improved container unloading capacity, selection of goods transported by road, speed of transportation by The transportation of goods on highways such as the Delhi-Mumbai highway and the Mundra port road has increased compared to
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sawkmie concluded by saying that as of now, in his career as an MDC and as a leader of the Congress party, he has received a good response from the people and “The people of Mawlai still love me, I have a strong hope that I will win the 2018 elections,” said Process T Sawkmie.
“For us Khasi, especially Christians, after Jesus came Thomas Jones,” said Dr Langstieh, former Principal of Thomas Jones College, Jowai.
The protest was held today while the Mizoram Legislative Assembly was in session.
Aibanika Kharshiing (20') scored the first goal for the team.
The district authorities have also informed that no one will be allowed to sell goods along the procession route from Dhankheti-Shillong Jowai Road, Laitumkhrah Main Road and Don Bosco Square.
The announcement of the PM-DevINE is another sign of the Central Government's special focus on development in the North East.
Ma Thombor said that through the hard work of the Council, it has received T.73,18,11,649/- (Seventy-three crore fifteen lakh one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine tyngka) only from the larger mineral resources and T.14,65,67,854/- (Khad4 crore seventy-five lakh seventy nine thousand fifty four tyngka) only from smaller mines, while the tax on vehicles has not been received yet.
Dhar will increase by 607% from Rs 6 crore to Rs 45 crore in 2018 and
He said that sports in this country is necessary because there are many youngsters who although they have talent but have not been able to reach their goal because they are involved in all kinds of alcohol. bad.
“In our view, we have talked and looked at the marks of the students and we have seen that those who got 64-70 percent in the 1st and 2nd semester, now they have got only 01, 02 and this has increased. “We will meet him again after three days and if he doesn't do anything, we will take other measures because they can't just play with him,” said the general secretary of NEHUSU. student life".
Nongpoh, November 10: The Presbyterian Church of Ri Bhoi Synod, the Presbyterian Church of Umdihar, has celebrated the Children's Day in various churches of the Ri Bhoi Synod. Hebrew Day on Saturday at Umdihar Presbyterian Church.
The celebration ended with a quiz competition on the Election Process and the winners received cash prizes.
She said that this plant is very helpful for the health of people especially in this age.
They made lights that were much larger, so that they could be called kharai.
However, this year, the two-day Sports Meet was held once again at the New Nongstoiñ Stadium.
Shillong: The Union of Local Traders (KSNTL), East Khasi Hills District, at its meeting held on 7th June 2019, at Madanrting, has decided to hold a meeting on 10th June 2019 at Umphyrnai Village. Lyngdoh Nongbri at 9 pm and all those affected are requested to attend the meeting, said the statement. Egenstar poor President.
The world is lynga, the world is rich, The world sees that it is in danger;The farmer is lynga to plant and bury, The field is waiting for the farmer.
Rahim is said to be one of the most famous businessmen in the world.
The Seiñ Raij Wahiajer in Nartiang Constituency, West Jaintia Hills will welcome with great enthusiasm the annual meeting of the Seng Khasi and Seiñ Raij from 19th to 21st June. 2024 after four years of the outbreak of COVID-1
After visiting the Khyndai Lad, the Chief Minister entered the shop to Delhi Mistan to have a drink and greeted the people on the road.
On the same day, the new office bearers of the Unit for the term 2020-2023 were also appointed.
Now the question arises that when women have the right to elect Rangbah Shnong, there should have been a decision whether the Khasi and Jaintia Hills would allow or not to allow this decision of change. Take the court or fight against allowing the Syiems, Dolloi, Sirdars and Rangbah Shnongs to be men only and the issue here is that if women are allowed to elect Rangbah Shnongs, then They should also have the right to be Syiem, Sirdar, Dolloi or Rangbah Shnong and that too if they belong to the Syiem clan (which may change later) and so on.
At the program held at the Conference Hall, DC Office, Khliehriat, the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, welcomed and congratulated Irene Dkhar. He expressed his gratitude for the victory which has brought fame and glory not only to the district, but to the state as a whole. Dkhar that she will take part in encouraging other youths to come forward in any field so that other youths will look to her as an example for the development of the region and the state. hi all.
After the 1,000 years, the wicked (the wicked) who were still alive at that time will be resurrected.
On Friday, several people from different villages after receiving information that I Love You and his group had come to buy ja song at Sjangpung village, came out to protest and blocked the road. kdong in the forest near Shangpung village.
After disapproving of the Lamphang's actions, the VPP MLAs shouted, “Down down, we condemn the Governor for speaking in a language we don't understand”.
The 111-year-old building of the Shillong Bar Association has burnt down due to a fire, which is suspected to be caused by a fault in the electrical wires.
However, if we cannot tolerate it for a while, the struggle will be longer and the suffering will increase.
Shillong: As part of the preparations for the Presbyterian Church in Umpling, the CEM of KHADC who is also the MDC of the area has met with the church leaders including the Tymmen Basan, Elders and other leaders of the Umpling Presbyterian Church.
“He asked for help from four people in a vehicle to help him find his scooty, which he admitted that he had been involved in an accident at Mawprem”.
There is only one dead and uninjected.
At the same time, they must bring a passport size photograph, Aadhaar Card, birth certificate recognized by the Municipal Board / CHC / PHC. Shngainlang Suting (Amlarem Block), Sailon Syngkrem (General Secretary ASSA, Amlarem Block), Rangbah Suchiang (Laskeiñ Block), Bhabok Sungoh (Namdong Block), Hoping Thubru (Namdong Block), Welborn Lyngdoh (Thadlaskein Block) ), by Player Suna (Thadlaskeiñ Block).
Meghalaya, which has 200 points left to reach the final, will not be easy for Meghalaya, which continues to the fourth day of the tournament. Nishanta Chakraborty and Bipin Kumar Ray were the winners of the tournament.
On the allegation that there is an intention to sell up to 400 acres of land to the army, the Sordar said that the Shnat Raid has nothing to do with this, but when they received information, There have been such projects since 2009 and they have lodged a complaint with the district authorities and the project has been suspended.
“We must ensure that this should end here, but no one should be above the law.
They also informed the staff of Nonglang PHC and an ambulance from this PHC took the injured Chetri to Nongstoiñ Civil Hospital but due to his serious injuries, he was taken to Nongstoiñ Civil Hospital. Civil Hospital, Shillong.
he arrested Lucifer and imprisoned him for 1000 years and threw him into the abyss and sealed it and covered it with a blanket so that he would not be deceived. and he shall rule over the Gentiles until the thousand years are fulfilled. After that he shall be loosed for a little while.
Therefore, she said Qatar also hopes that the Israeli war can be stopped before the ceremony so that there will be no conflict or tragic incident between the two countries. the holy religion of the peoples of the land.
Private offices except those under essential services and non-essential central government institutions have also been closed.
While Ban was preparing, the mother and father sat down and there were many questions as usual.
Hima alleged that the MDA government has not done enough to implement the Entry and Exit Point which was started by the previous government led by Dr Mukul Sangma.
He said that the members of the MTTA have faced many problems especially the killing of drivers by robbers who pretend to be passengers as has happened these days.
He said the party will soon announce its candidates for the MLA elections in the state. What remains now is for the Parliamentary Board of the BJP to take a decision under the chairmanship of the Prime Minister. duh of India.
Also present was Bah Allan F Dkhar from the Central Body who presided over the meeting.
Once approved, he said that no more work can be done in the area as it is a dam and it will be filled with water and NEEPCO will dig a well.
“That's right...” Deisy said.
According to Kong Ampareen, MUDA wants to conduct this work according to the needs and MUDA officials want to conduct an investigation into the people living in the area but they refuse to cooperate.
These personal appeals and manifestos should not be merely for the sake of publicity but should be true and fair.
Any owner of a cow or any information about the theft of a cow is requested to come to Dawki Police Station for legal action.
The funeral service will be held on Sunday 1/12/2019 at 2.00 pm at the Catholic Cemetery in Nongmensong.
It was the home side that held out hope at the start.
During the election campaign in Nongspung for the HSPDP candidate Sherborlang Mawlong, Samlin expressed his surprise to see that Ardent has come to Sohiong to campaign for the HSPDP candidate. He said that during the election campaign, he accused the HSPDP MLAs of not respecting him by joining the BJP. He said that the reason is because the HSPDP and the BJP have formed a joint government in the state. Ardent has recently campaigned for the Congress candidates and admitted that he has not yet joined the Congress party.
Even in Assam, it has been found that applying iron sulphate also helps the trees affected by this disease.
The state government has also been directed to complete the repair of the Jowai Bypass within four months.
Why do you want to change the news? Why do you want to follow the Dkhar custom?
These sources of income mentioned above are collected from the people, not from anyone.
He contested for the presidency and was defeated by (L) Pranab Mukherjee in
In the first leg of the tournament, Lelad SC beat Mokhain SC 2-1
MP Khaleque said that if the ban on slaughtering cows will apply up to 5 kilometers from the temples, then the ban on slaughtering pigs should also be within 500 metres. I don't have a Muslim house.
Khliehriat, Nailur, 15: It is a sad and shameful thing that Khliehriat, the district headquarters of East Jaintia Hills District, has been abandoned. The government and the NHAI have been criticized especially in relation to the condition of the road which looks like a forest road, the people walking and standing, the shopkeepers on the side of the road and the school children walking along the road. in Khliehriat, they have to eat pum pum soil every day and this poses a threat not only to the walking but also to the health of the people.
If you can't forgive in Laitlyngkot, is it justified for the government not to release those who have committed fraud in Khanapara? How will the ruling government do this, will it publish only opinions every day in the newspapers, or will it do it strongly as a word as a deed? We will see clearly when the Magistrial inquiry is completed. Whether the instituted by this government is true or not, it cannot be explained yet.
Looking around Shillong and even in New Shillong, all the street houses belong to MLAs/ministers.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 29: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday requested the Minister of Social Welfare of the State Government to take action to ensure that the offices of the Central Government should implement the 44% employment for the Scheduled Tribes of the State.
Roy, Ray and Blaridahun Lyngdoh all three finished the tournament with seven wickets each.
That families should be responsible for raising, educating, and developing their children with the teachings to love and respect their own nation and the teachings and good things we have inherited -inherited from our ancestors.
They cut down the Agor trees, extracted the gold and sold it to the Dkhars in the market: Duddura, Boko and Guwahati at a reasonable price.
The program was conducted as part of the awareness and training for the youth of Lawbah area on how to get the opportunity to enter the army, police and other jobs.
You must know how to manage your time.
On the 31st there will be a Cycle Racing, a visit to the fields, a sohniamtra competition, a Miss Narwan Orange Festival 2024 and other activities.
The incident happened in June 2018 and on 25/02/18, the man took the girl to another forest. One of the brothers of the victim, who still had the same money, followed them but the man sent them away by giving them shiphew tngka.
The union also noted that the PHC needs to have an Emergency Room for the patients who come for treatment at the PHC, as well as bedrooms for the patients who come from the PHC. There are about 20 villages under this PHC, the union demands that the government should turn to this PHC to provide for them. need.
He said that India now has a goal of Malaria Elimination.
In connection with these issues at the Weight Bridge, the KJNU has requested RTI to find out the facts.
“Our children don't get jobs, how can they get jobs, because when the Khasi retire, they will be appointed,” he said.
“We have announced that Mukesh Kumar Chandrakant Dalal, nominated by the BJP, has been elected as a Member of the Lok Sabha from Surat Parliamentary Constituency,” said the District Collector. Saurabh Pardhi told reporters after Dalal was announced as the winner.
Meghalaya lost three leading batsmen who managed to score only 10 runs each.
Some relationships end in divorce too.
The appeal in the Supreme Court was filed by an organization linked to Maneka Gandhi, BJP MP,” Gourab said.
The union said that Prof Rai should not be allowed to leave the university until he cleans up the mess he has made in the past two years.
Jowai, Naiwieng 21 : The Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum (HBDRF) through its Chairman Bah Chandame Sungoh has strongly condemned the brutality of the Karbi people and the police at Jrikyndeng Police Station in West Karbi Anglong District. Lamarang village, Labang Nangphyllut District under Block-1 on
He said the government's confidence will enable the government to have time to provide proper services to the people.
Speaking to reporters, CEM, KHADC, Titosstarwell Chyne, said that the Acting Rangbah Shnong of Mawbah has informed that in Mawbah, West Shillong, 6,000 foreigners are living in Mawbah. They don't have any documents, while 8000 people have EPIC, and there are only 400 Khasi living in the village.
The chess player has represented many clubs in the I-League, Indian Super League where he has scored many goals and especially for Chennaiyin FC. many overseas tournaments.
However, it said attacks by the Islamic State (IS) continue from time to time even after falling under Afghan control.
Challenges faced by women, persons with disabilities and backward sections of society, in the field of electric vehiclesThe existence of a service industry for electric vehicles brings a lot opportunities in employment but women, persons with disabilities and backward sections of society, have problems in this regard.
Khimusniang and Catholic Youth won the match 2-2
Kamrup, as well as to other parts of Ri-Bhoi, Jaintia Hills, which are now under the control of Assam.
Babu Birbor, said that after the end of their strike, as teachers, they feel refreshed, even though they have lost their breath, because through the phone call they were able to talk to u. Deputy CM Prestone Tynsong has called for talks with the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma in the coming months, even though the Minister of Education has rejected the demand of the teachers. He added that the last meeting will be a laughingstock for the contract teachers.
After the meeting with the Minister, the HNYF said that the Minister has promised to take action to talk to the authorities in the recruitment process to correct their mistake.
“This has fulfilled the long-standing aspiration of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people.
The UDP knows that it cannot overthrow the MDA 2.0 Government nor can it form and lead a new Government with these 14 MLAs who are currently in the opposition.
Therefore, the Community Participation Bill 2010 is requested that the people should vote for the election of leaders to the Municipal Dorbars.
Speaking to media, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, said that the reason why he has been monitoring and inspecting these canals, is after seeing the problem. Nongpoh, where as soon as the rainy season comes, the residents have faced many problems and that is due to the increasing floods.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Liander Nongshli, Chairman of SAIBDO, said that on this occasion, there was a discussion on the problems faced by the people in the area from time to time, especially in relation to the roads or health facilities for the public.
She also demanded that those Aadhaar holders who take money to do this illegal act should be punished.
“I don't put the election first, I put the nation first,” said Bah Nongrum.
The court also decided to release him from that day.
At the same time, he said that the implementation of this school has come at a cost of 8 lakh tyngka, and to make it an English Medium School, we need the help of the people who are willing to help financially. with materials, with building stones as part of the donation for this village.
He said that as the Minister of Agriculture, he is saddened to see in the newspapers that farmers are still being harassed by cutting kilos, so he came personally to meet with them face to face.
Father, you will always be with us.
In the midst of the flood of thousands of people from Garo Hills, along with government officials from the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma, government ministers, officials, relatives, children and loved ones of you are a leader.
The Department of Social Justice and Empowerment, under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, stands firm for the development and empowerment of the marginalized and disadvantaged sections of society such as SC, OBC, EBC, DNT, Transgender, Elderly, Safai Karmchari and others.
“But why did they (NEHUSU leaders) give the name of ABVP on that day? If they have anything against them, they should lodge a complaint and we are ready to do that and they are not our people,” said Kong Sumer.
He congratulated the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma as the Prime Minister and said, “I express my gratitude to the Prime Minister for taking care of the problems of the farmers and for giving approval to recognize the synsar as a marep. ".
The development of local jobs will also create a lot of employment opportunities,” said the CM. About 40 beneficiaries through CM-Elevate attended the programme. The construction of a multipurpose swimming pool, gym, futsal ground and basketball court was held on Thursday.
Blah said the government wants to start the implementation from this month but it has been discussed to select some Dorbar Shnongs first, not all the Dorbar Shnongs because they have to provide information. pins and requires a lot of physical, financial and other resources.
The decision was taken by the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Democratic Front (KHDF) led by the NPP at its first meeting chaired by the Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem.
The two Assamese have further urged the KSU that if Meghalaya is defeated, it will become a Muslim state by 2050 and not a Hindu state.
On the other hand, the Superintendent of Police West Khasi Hills, on the other hand, immediately denied the involvement of a policeman in the seizure of the slip as shown in the video, saying that he was on duty and was not present. take part in this competition.
Khliehtyrshi Sports Social and Cultural Club will hold the 1st Open to All Invitation Knockout Football Tournament at Khliehtyrshi Mini Stadium from 29th November
Hotel owners, private vehicles from Assam and tourist taxis from Thaiñ Sohra have been used to transport tourists from time to time.
In the Men's Doubles Open, Buromlangki Lakiang and Deilang and O Nongpluh won the title by defeating Mebanker Shullai and Gregoreo Passah 21-8, 21-9
East Khasi Hills has 151 active cases, West Garo Hills 57, Ri Bhoi 33, West Jaintia Hills 36, South West Garo Hills 14, South West Khasi Hills 7, Eastern West Khasi Hills 15 and North Garo Hills , South Garo Hills 7, East Jaintia Hills 14, West Khasi Hills 12 and East Garo Hills
The Muga Silkworm Seed Production Center (SSPC), Tura Meghalaya is one of the projects approved by the Center Silk Board (CSB) to be implemented under the Integrated Sericulture Development Project (ISDP) of NERTPS to acquire seed infrastructure units. in the Northeast.
Out of the 80 candidates, 78 leaders have supported and helped to raise funds with these candidates and till 23rd June 2019, they have raised T.1.6 crore, in which 8934 people have donated money and of these, 51 candidates have contested on party tickets, while 27 candidates have contested as independent candidates.
Teinwel said the sending of two EC members to Delhi to consult on the ban on coal mining has left him surprised because the EM in charge of Mines & Minerals has Bah Donkupar Sumer did not respond.
The visit also continued to the newly approved schemes for the implementation of the construction and improvement of the road including the cleaning of the road and public footpath from the front gate of the Sanker Dev College to PWD road to Lawsohtun village which has been allocated and funded by the PWD Department through the SPA – GEN 2019-20 in the amount of Rs.1, 43, 23, 000/- Forty Lakh Forty Thousand).
The reason is that they act themselves, lie, cheat, act scientifically and pretend as if they came from a distant country.
The most important road is the one connecting Trangblang to Amlanai and Pasadwar for the convenience of commuters.
The Bible is a pleasant book to read, it has a pleasure in it and it is called Bible Pleasure, but there are many others who want to read it, some are afraid of it, some do not understand, There are those who put it in their heads to protect themselves from the demons according to their faith but these reasons are just foolishness, because the Word of God should be put in their hearts because it is a light to illuminate the world. life is not spiritual.
He said that the government through the blue print prepared by the government authorities has announced that a multi storey building will be constructed on this 3 acre land. These groups are employees of the Municipal, Urban Affairs Department and other government departments.
Among those selected by the UPSC, Mukesh Agarwal and KV Singh Deo are from the 1989 batch but the state government has selected Dr Lajja Ram Bishnoi.
In this regard, he is confident that the North East has a good opportunity because of its unique and unique products.
Religions, customs and beliefs will change and that the Natives will be known as Hindus.
“We are very proud that our MPs have advocated in Parliament on the issues that the people of the state want and desire,” he said.
He has also raised issues in the Assembly for the past 40 years as MLA of Nongkrem, which means that the VPP has a strong leader and that is why he chose to contest from the VPP. He said that when he visited the villages in Mawryngkneng, when he was about to enter, he received the support of the people whom he met.
He said that the two dams of Umiam HEP after 10 years, have reached a loss of more than Rs 100 crore, have been taken care of by the officers and now these dams have started operating again.
Coach Sankarlal Chakraborty said, “The I-League is over.
Dr War said that among the BSF personnel who tested positive today, one is a returnee from leave to continue his duties and one is a close relative. High risk contact with an army vehicle driver who tested positive for Covid-19 and a person from Khanapara who tested positive for Covid-1 yesterday.
Speeches were delivered by the RBYF Sengkmie, who expressed their happiness to see that the Killing Unit has taken the initiative to hold the Football Tournament. It is also part of the development of sports not only in the area, but in the district and the state as a whole.
The Mail Online reported that the lake was formed 50,000 years ago by the fall of celestial bodies in the state. it turned to the color of blood.
Sounder said that the party has destroyed the NPP by saying that the failures in the working of the NPP-led MDA government in all aspects have often been mentioned by the TMC and this. It has forced the NPP leaders to fight against the truth.
If done by force, the government may collapse prematurely.
The KSU leaders also expressed their concern that there are up to 6 doctors at the CHC but when the patients go to the hospital even if it is a small case, they transfer the patient to the CHC. Shillong, “There are up to 6 doctors here, but when we come, we find that there are only one or two doctors. “We are surprised that they don't even have an ambulance,” said Vicky Mawnai.
In the MP election, Ma Vincent Pala won the title by defeating the sole candidate, Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit.
The members of the party were also angry when they saw the police who came to patrol at Motphram and drove them away.
The BJP has continued to accuse the AAP government of involvement in corruption in connection with the Delhi Excise Policy for 2021-2
He said that the order issued on 7/7/2021 through the DRDA has been canceled from 24th November
The Waheh Shnong of Namdong-B, DS War, said that Namdong-B Village has turned 52 this year and due to the outbreak of COVID-19, the village has not been able to celebrate its 50th anniversary. the village.
Nongpoh: A few days after the 25 youths who were evicted from the Toll Plaza at Pahammawlein 20Mer, they alleged that the reason for their eviction was because the management of the Toll Plaza They cannot pay the fees, because the fees that should have been paid to these 25 youths, have to be paid to the Sengbhalang who used to collect donations from the Toll Plaza.
He also became India's best player in their 2019 AFC Asian Cup victory.
The Asian Football Confederation (AFC) consists of 12 countries including Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Afghanistan. , Islamic Republic of Iran, Kyrgyz Republic, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan.
The tournament was opened with a handshake between the Chief Guest, Symbud Kong San, the leaders of KSU Mawlai Circle and the players.
This will now begin in Wuhan, China, in
In the past, the Seng has said that it has complained about the problems in the Khadar administration especially in the field of corruption.
The group was accompanied by Mrs. Deinie Tariang, District Handloom Officer, Ri Bhoi District, Mrs. P. Suting, Weaving Inspector and Mrs. Roselia Pyngrope, Weaving Demonstrator.
He said that the main reason for the lack of a border is because when the Government of India gave the state, it did not mention the border. Even though the HSPDP MLAs have been demanding from time to time, the government has not listened because they are in the opposition.
Regarding the Congress' support to the NPP to dissolve the UDP EC to sit in the opposition bench, Ampareen said that the cooperation between the Congress and the NPP is what she has seen since years earlier.
" He also said that through PRIME Hub, the government will accord thrust on promoting entrepreneurship and act as a facilitator to ensure that different activities are linked to opportunities as access to market and credit facilities are provided for setting up of enterprises.
In the second half, the match became more interesting as the players of Mawhiang B also started to fight hard to score the first goal but many attempts. Mawhiang B had a golden opportunity to score in the 68th minute through Rockfulstar Lyngdoh.
“The election commission has sent two teams to look into whether there is any incident or ban on wild elephants,” he said.
The Chief Guest was the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and MLA Prestone Tynsong, Deputy Commissioner Ri-Bhoi District RM Kurbah. Special guests included the Syiem of Hima Khyrim, Pa'iem Dr Balajied Sing Syiem, President and General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Rh Don Kupar Dkhar, Rh Pyntngendondor Nongrum, and several members of the Board of Directors. Seng Khasi Kmie, members of the leadership of the Seng Khasi Ri-War Mihngi Circle and other leaders of the area.
The Eastern Border Sports Association (EBSA) Mawsynram has concluded the Super League 2023 on the 13th of this month.
Putin annexed Crimea from Ukraine in 2014, killing more than 14,000 people in the fighting between Ukraine and Crimean rebels. strong support from Russia.
He said the government should do something in the police department because drug crimes come from the police who are involved in this crime.
Also present on the occasion were CEC leaders Rueben Najir, Assistant Education Secretary Shinningstar Kharbihkhiew and KSU West and East Jaintia Hills District Units.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) have been severely affected by the ban on coal mining in Meghalaya, the Chief Minister said. on Friday.
Colombia beat Senegal 1-0 in Group H with a goal from Yerry Mina in the 74th minute.
According to the Rangbah, the Poratha was bought on Friday from the shop owned by a foreigner known as M.D. Hanif, who with a pure heart and without any evil thoughts, bought it and took it home to give to his children, but when he got home to give it to his children, he found it. that the food is almost ripe and is no longer suitable for eating.
“This is a situation that we have understood now and these people and names can do something illegal and cause damage to property and people and the illegal act is like violating the the right granted under Article 30 of the Constitution of India,” said the letter.
Speaking to reporters, Balakmen Nongbri and Ferdinand Thangkhiew, expressed their deep sorrow over this tragic incident. The house and all the belongings were completely destroyed by the flames.
The committee has been scheduled to submit its report within three months.
“We don’t have to keep everything to ourselves and when we’re having a hard time, when we’re afraid to talk to someone, maybe we look to our closest friends and who can understand us or to our mothers well.
The All Jaintia Youth Welfare Organization (AJYWO-EJZ) expresses its full support to the Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District, the Khasi Students' Union (KYU) Deadline for the repair of the National Highway-6
The departure of Bah Plielad Tiewsoh after his suspension will not have any impact on the NPP Nongpoh, as he has confused many of the party office bearers and who can trust a person? After the departure of Bah Plielad Tiewsoh, many friends came to join the NPP especially from the Nongpoh area.
There was also a group of singers led by Deibamebet Dkhar who sang about 'bainong' which says that the goodness of people in the world is the responsibility of the people of the world. good to God and which also showed that God takes note of what you have done.
In the past four months alone, the number of tests in the state has increased from 30 tests per day to more than 1000 tests per day.
He recalled that in ancient times, these religious stones and mawbynna were brought from far away places and erected in any place that had a purpose in order to honor the deceased, especially if they They are the elders of any tribe and they are also the counting officers, the priests and the priests who perform the rituals.
He said that the works have gone well and it is expected that the election will be held in a smooth manner and the people are expected to turn out in large numbers to participate in the election.
It makes a person hopeless.
Shillong, Nailur 1: Several Congress MLAs, who are opposed to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, have resigned.
KSU President Ohibait Dkhar and others were present at the ceremony.
“Amit Shah has said that he will release the CAB from the Sixth Scheduled under Article 244, and we will see,” he said.
Ahead of the Lok Sabha elections in the state, the United Democratic Party (UDP), the oldest political party in the state, has disbanded in Ri Bhoi due to the departure of its senior leaders and office bearers. including the leaders of the Central Body, Youth Wing and Women's Wing.
He said he hopes to win this time and all the supporters of the Congress are on his side including the President and Working President Leston Wanswett and Jrop Singh Nongkhlaw.
The APHLC leaders under the leadership of Capt.
He said that as the party, the party promises that the MoU signed by the Meghalaya and Assam governments on the border will be reviewed and said that the demarcation should be according to the history of ownership of the land. properties.
He also expressed his regret that comparing his state with Manipur, in every youth sports event in Manipur, there are always 3 candidates. IPS or IAS. He also encouraged the youth to work hard whether in their studies or in sports so that our State can move forward.
So it was divided into five sections to work on the road while the arrangement with the army took place.
During the brief reception, Trinity Sayoo gave a welcome speech and encouraged the farmers to work hard and be united.
Unfortunately, the vehicles of the longheh or the children of the longheh have not been repaired yet.
“The existence of this place will be to revive them from their despair,” said Bah Mawthoh.
The training included reading and practical demonstration at Fr. Agnel Sports Complex in Navi Mumbai.
There are 91 recoveries, 70 from East Khasi Hills, 8 from West Garo Hills, 7 from West Jaintia Hills, 4 from East Garo Hills and 1 from East Garo Hills. Ribhoi District.
The protests of all people in recent times have resulted from the passage of the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA).
Shillong, July 9: U Khrawbok Syiemlieh, 30, has committed suicide by falling from a height of 150 meters on the night of This month at Maladong, Mawsynram.
“It is necessary to clarify to the people that the task of electing legislators is their own task, they should feel ownership and then the people will not elect only those who are related to them. "It's a friendship," said Robert.
He said the visit of Luiz Inacio Lula and Silva is to show that Brazil has returned to work with China and will not allow South American countries to get closer to China. instead.
This is in accordance with the order of the Supreme Court issued on 3rd November last year.
Tura, Jymmang 17: The Budget Session of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) will start next month. their salaries for many months.
Also present at the meeting were leaders of the Jaintia Students Movement, HNYF, Khasi Students Union and other civil society groups.
He said that although the Government has called for talks, the VPP will wait for the outcome of the talks. If the talks do not succeed, we will continue the talks. The Government has accepted the proposal of the Committee which met for the first time to expand its work by including the discussion on the implementation of the Reservation Policy in addition to Roster System.
There are 9,86,598 confirmed cases and 37,80,108 recoveries, the Ministry of Health said.
On the other hand, the contract teachers in the state who are members of the Meghalaya Government Lower Primary Contract Teachers' Association (MGLPSTA) have found that most of the answers to the questions or answer keys issued are wrong. wrong even the second time.
“In the past, I had to look after the farming of others but since I started this farming, other farmers have turned to this farming which can bring many benefits,” said Pdiangjingshai. .
Speaking to reporters, Ulysis Ryntong General Secretary of the Seng said that like the Garo friends, they have prepared the Greater Garoland, the Seng also wants to show and verify the border so that The Seng does not want even 10 inches of West Khasi Hills land to fall into Garoland.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday admitted that it was involved in the bomb blast at the Coke factory in Kyllon Mathei. This step is due to the increasing fight against corruption and corruption.
Uranium is dangerous to the lives of the people and she called on the village authorities to stand against the central government's plan to allow uranium mining.
KSU Jowai Circle, under the leadership of President Ioannis Suchiang and other members of KSU Jowai Circle from various units of the KSU Jowai Circle, have blocked the toll plaza at Pasyih Ialong after the NHAI has ordered to close the toll plaza. KSU's demand on Monday.
You should also not wear cushions, pillows with shñiuh, all of which increase the pain.
“If other states in this country accept foreign investment, there is no problem but all such states should accept the acceptance of the land owners of the North East,” he said.
He said that the MDA government has not done anything for the state and education even after the people have allowed it to rule. " he said.
Other goods in this market include food items, oil, fish water, fish and many others produced by the people through small factories from different groups of villages in the Mawkyrwat area and spirit from other districts.
“It would be exciting that by the end of next year all government schools will be complete,” he said.
Besides, the government should start from the beginning by setting up buses for government employees to come to work and go home.
The Syiem alleged that the shalyndet was a political head, which was done by Bah Ardent, who lodged a complaint against the appointment of Syiem in Bhowal Hima, which the HSPDP candidate lodged and in the complaint he wrote Pynshngain has expressed his regret in the House that the NGT has been forcibly rejected while the amendment to the Act has been introduced. “We are against the amendment, there is something behind the appointment of an Acting Syiem to a child. 20 years 9 months, it is politics, we will not allow the Amendment to be discussed,” said Bah Syiem.
This book is the key to unlocking," he said.
“When there was no such law, the Hima used to register the land and now that this law has come into being, does the Hima take the fee to register or to pay for the land?” he asked. bright.
All the arrested members were brought before the court today and the police have requested for more time to arrest and conduct investigation to arrest all the members of the gang. term.
I just want to invite you to get to know me and we meet every day especially during class.
“Although there are some irregularities, which have created inconsistencies in the working methods, I have decided to do my utmost to ensure that the budget of the Government of India is not affected,” said Gard.
In Ribhoi District, there are 2 cases, one from abroad and one case of ILI. In West Jaintia Hills, there are 2 cases and in East Jaintia Hills, one case is SARI. today, there are six.
Perhaps there is no problem in saying that I don't know how to speak my own language, but first of all it is from my own heart and soul, when my soul is strong and full that I am a Khasi. Therefore, I don't know how to speak my own language, how much more so that the human wisdom that has entered my mind cannot be cleansed until I forget to speak it completely. in your own language.
ANWU President Samla Napoleon Mawphniang said that the Union has sent a petition to the Vice Chancellor of NEHU from 29th June, 2022 and has given 30 days to implement the demand. , to recognize as full time employees those casual employees who have served at this school for more than 10 years.
It is used not only for the purpose of cleaning the bodies of humans but also for other animals and for dohum-such as fish, dohthli, shymprong and many other types of dohum.
The militants did not wear masks when they entered the houses and it was confirmed from their faces and voices that they were Garo, media reports said.
According to sources, the number of houses damaged by the cyclone has reached about 150 or less than
He said that 2020 is the Year of Youth and will be celebrated throughout the year and as a sign of the beginning of the celebration they will start with the ICYM in Umkiang.
There was a heated discussion between the two villages, in which the Lenpdengshnong said that she has already met with the Addl.Deputy Commissioner regarding the Mela to be held in Sohiong. The Addl.DC has promised not to allow the Mela to be held in the village , while the Sordar of Lenmawtap , Bah KJ Basaiawmoit , has admitted that the Mela will not be held in the village The Mela has been approved by the Addl.DC and he said that they have received the permission in hand.
" said Mr. Ardent.
Giving an example of the expenditure of parents of children studying abroad, Shekhar said that some of them spend up to T.10 lakh to complete Engineering while the information they have received that there is such a scheme. their cost shall not exceed T.4 lakh.
In 2018, during the speech of Governor Ganga Prasad in Hindi, the Opposition MLAs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, Bah Adelbert Nongrum and others expressed their opposition to the Hindi. I've been speaking a little bit of the Khasi language.
It was after the Border Magistrate and West Jaintia Hills Police visited the village to stop the Assam Police from building the police station which falls under the jurisdiction of the State.
However, the Israelites have grown rapidly because many have come from all over the world and the population of the Israelites has now reached more than 8 million. village.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 269 new cases have been confirmed and the number of active cases in the state has risen to
During the search, police recovered two golden tins containing Herion, 33 small plastic tubes containing Herion, two injection needles. , two mobile phones, 10 Bangla rupees, T.615 rupees and T.95 rupees.
They also have a good, strong and perfect custom, in which the elder is above all.
The Seng said that it should be reminded of the decision of the state government to accept the CUET without looking at the problems faced by the students.
It shortens our thinking.
Regarding this competition, any schools who need to get more information can contact the staff of the DSO WJH office. They are especially vulnerable to the Hynniewtrep people.
Union Democratic Party (UDP) Leader Paul Lyngdoh on Thursday said the party will announce the name of the candidate for the Lok Sabha elections in the coming months.
Don't shed blood, don't let it happen like what happened in Langpih in 2014 where four members of the jaidbynriew lost their lives in the shooting,” said the Seng leader.
Australia, who won the first two matches, have won 2-0 in the tournament.
“We are determined to prepare children to become soldiers of nature in their future lives,” said Chancellor William Carey.
In Diengsyiang village there are 6 villagers who are skilled in making khoh, kriah, ruh, prah, pdung, shang, knub, star and others.
The HNLC will issue an order to shoot those involved in these activities.
He said that MeECL is not strong in terms of funds and therefore the state government has decided to pay T.565 crore to NTPC. NTPC is ready to discuss whether this amount will have to be paid within 20 times the installment or we can increase the installment payment so that it will also reduce the installment. heavy burden.
Adults who have grown up in the midst of this violence and anxiety may be away from their friends and relatives, while children may be away from their relatives but not. faithfully from their own friends.
A meeting of all opposition parties, scheduled to be held in Patna on July 12, has been postponed, a source said on Sunday.
The SP urged the public that if they receive such information, they can exchange the name and link to others,” said the SP. to report to the nearest police station.
While the talks between the Meghalaya and Assam governments are ongoing, there have been many border violations by the Assam government and no respect for the status quo.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo, on Tuesday said that the curfew will continue from 11 pm to 5 pm.
Then I asked again, 'Why is the day of Jesus' death called 'Good Friday', why not 'Bad Friday?' The children couldn't answer.
It is interesting to hear that some people say that Meghalaya is a Christian state.
The university is in fact a place to train students to become responsible and knowledgeable and should not be allowed to engage in such activities within the university,” said the union in a complaint to the university. u Vice-Chancellor of NEHU. Furthermore, the union requested the police department to take action against the incident, and demanded that the university authorities should not allow those involved to stay in the hostel so that they can stay in the hostel. avoid such things in the future.
To elect the full office bearers of the Seng Kur Khonglah.
The two committees of the two states will meet again before the 15th to consider the report before sending it to the Prime Minister, said Bah Rymbui.
He said that as MLAs regardless of party, they should come to talk and cooperate with the ruling party.
Mukul said that if Banteidor Lyngdoh becomes an MDC of this constituency, he will bring about development in this constituency.
It is estimated that the wood required for the cremation of a human body will be only 10 song or about 50 kilos.
The Government has recently announced the Meghalaya Road Maintenance Policy (MRMP).
One of the students who attended Ummulung Presbyterian School told this reporter that all the students are complaining about the lack of light in Ummulong which has affected their preparation for their examinations.
Recently, the Chief Minister said that the ILP should not be issued, while the Chief Secretary has hoped to pass the ILP in the State.
Robertjune Kharjahrin President of the Sengkmie and other leaders will also arrive at the venue.
He said that regarding one of the Pediatrics Ward which was scheduled to be installed in June, 2023 but until now this hospital has not been functioning properly, so he said. They requested the MS as the head of this Civil Hospital to create the mechanisms to implement it so that it can provide many benefits to those in need.
Cause?? Furthermore, these days there are questions whether we still need ADCs in a State like Meghalaya where the indigenous people are the majority.
Finally, the National Education Policy (NEP) has brought about a change in the goals of education in India, and the change can be understood at institutions like IIM Shillong.
"That picture was taken yesterday at our Nah-nah's house, it was a nice picture, but I didn't think it would spread so far," he said.
The rainfall is as follows: 10,900 mm2019 — 7,736 mm2018 — 6,291 mm2017 — 9,913.4 mm2016 — 9,182.7 mm2015 — 10,16,2 .6 mm2012 — 10.591.4 mm2011 — 7.691.4 mm.
The cost is not less than Rs 2 lakh but nothing has been done.
" God also helped, and he was able to lower the body of the mother into the pit.
The vehicle carrying the Khasi Mandarin was launched at the IATC Upper Shillong on Tuesday, November 11, 2023 in the presence of the Minister in charge of Agriculture. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Mylliem MLA Ronnie V Lyngdoh who is also the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly and other officers.
According to the procedure directed by Pope Francis, the Pallium will be handed over to the newly appointed Archpriest by the Apostolic Nuncio, with the participation of the Bishops of the Ecclesiastical Province and the presence of the faithful.
Drinking plenty of water promotes the health of the kidneys, which help in the removal of waste products that are no longer needed by the body.
The Lawkyn was blessed by Rev. Fr. (Dr) Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh and was dressed in gold. Fr John Madur, Vicar General of Shillong Archdiocese, Fr Leo M Lyndem, Parish Priest of Mawbri Parish, Fr Cyrus Syiemlieh, Dr JS Shangpliang, Fabian Lyngdoh, MDC Umroi, Brothers and Sisters and others. believers of the Church.
Therefore, the people should be more intelligent to think because the candidates also come from the people's party, not from any shlem.
Meanwhile, Publicity Secretary Joseph Pyngrope admitted that the secretary had threatened them that if they protested, the government would shut down the project.
The Magistrates and the Police have driven them away but they have not fled until the time of writing of this news.
The Commission has given 30 days to the government to submit its report.
The clashes broke out on the 25th of November, which reached the limit of three days of fighting with jri and khnam ka ryntieh.
He urged the state government to take immediate action to resolve the issues of the people on the border.
He said that the scheme to win elections has stirred up the hard work of the party members until they feel no hope to stay in the party.
When asked whether the department has sought clarification from Dhar Construction, he said that the office has already sent a letter to rebuild these damaged areas.
Since the arrest on the 27th of this month and after investigation by the police, the District Court of Ri Bhoi on the 4th of this month has sent the two KSU leaders to jail. They have been in judicial custody for 14 days, but today the District Court has decided to send another five days for police investigation, so that they can complete the investigation.
Pooja scored a hat-trick for Dadra and Nagar Haveli.
Whoever is able to drive on one day in his own vehicle ending odd number and on another day in another vehicle ending even number.
Tiensyrdoh are words that have been combined to carry meaning and Tienwet are words that have been combined according to the way the mother tongue is spoken in society, especially in the meetings of intellectuals.
Program Coordinator-cum-Counselor of the Women's Church Mawphlang Presbytery, Ms. Balarihun Snaitang, gave words of encouragement and blessing to Steffi Niya W.Snaitang and Chelsy Snaitang for their progress. in studies.
This road has caused a lot of concern to the residents of the border area who have to travel every day through this road to Ranikor, Mawsynram Shillong and also to Nongnah and Nongstoin, as the landslide can collapse again at any time. period.
Speeches were delivered by Bah PT Sawkmie, Chief Guest, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, Bah Marbud Dkhar in the presence of Rangbah Shnong Dr. Marco Matri, wife of Bah Paul Kharsyiemiong, mother and father. other other.
On the occasion, Conrad invited members of various political parties including the TMC to join the NPP and give their support.
