They held a street play-cum-awareness in the city, students displayed messages about swachhata.
He said that the increase in the number of teachers in the state has shocked the people even the officers of the Finance Department of the Government of India.
Nongpoh: Speaking to reporters in Nongpoh, the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) through Bah Pateng Marsing and Shining Kyntla, President, President of the CoRP Central Zone, today said that the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) The party fully supports the issue raised by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, MLA Nongkrem, who spoke or raised the issue in the Legislative Assembly on the Roster System or the employment allocation in the state.
In his speech, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA expressed his gratitude to the block and the village for making this place as it is now.
However, Mawjam CC failed to reach the target for the loss of all wickets after 16.5 overs and managed to score only 121 runs.
It is also believed that the victim was a Dkhar from Bangladesh, who had entered the border village.
Those who came to take part in the march were the residents of Ri Khasi especially those from the rural areas and most of them were the longkmie and longkpa. The crowd didn't know what to do.
I said, “Lyngngam means people who have fallen into the lawbah lawsan, who have lived peacefully in the fields without fear of anyone.
The cycling race was held in the hilly areas of Arunachal Pradesh and witnessed the participation of athletes from all over the country including those from Nepal.
Shillong, Naitung 6: At 1:45 pm this morning, robbers set fire to a Tata Safari (ML-05H-1054) belonging to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India. in the ground floor of the residence of the Director at Motinagar, Shillong.
There are also those who say that according to the wind, these other parties like VPP, TMC, BJP and independent candidates also have their own role and ability to win and defeat these four parties. don't have lyer.
From this time on, the original name, Dieng Shyieng, was changed to Diengsyiang.
He said the Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) led by the Additional SP and officers of Lumshnong Police Station conducted a search operation in Lumshnong and seized a Tata Sumo coming from Silchar Assam. There are no reports of drug traffickers in the area.
Also present on the occasion were Shillong West MLA Mohendro Rapsang, Shillong North MLA Edilbert Nongrum, Mawkhar MDC Pynshngainlang N. Syiem.
Thus, on these grounds, the Welsh Mission opened a Girls' High School in
It is to be recalled that the person who tested positive on 6th July 2020 was from Khyndai Lad and she went to Woodland Hospital for treatment. She was tested positive for Covid-19 at NEIGRIHMS Hospital.
In the first leg, Panaliar beat Tpeppale 5-0 with goals scored by Womsar Thma in the 13th minute, Batsalanmitre Dkhar in the 18th minute and Nangshwadame Sumer in the 23rd minute, Sauni Sumer in the 32nd minute and Risalan Kynjing in the 52nd minute.
“It has been announced that Danggo will resign from the post of MLA on the 10th of November, when the Prime Minister will also lay the foundation stone of the Ranikor Sub-Division,” the newspaper said.
The Seiñ Kyntu Seiñraij 12 Daloi said that this tournament is held every year in collaboration with various seinraijs and this time it will be held at Mupyut.
CPI candidate K Marimuthu lives in a wooden house and is contesting against Sureshkumar, the billionaire candidate of the AIADMK. Marimuthu lives in a wooden house in Kaduvakudi village. and he burned it with fire, because he had no money to buy it.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Former Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynshngain N Syiem on Tuesday said that the Executive Committee (EC) led by the ARPA has no issues. community.
At the same time, as part of strengthening the party, leaders or elders from different constituencies including Laitkseh-Marngor, Markasa Area, Myriaw, Nongshillong, Lyngdoh Nonglait, Kynshi, Nongdom Langtor, Mawkynsah-Mawkhomoit, Nongum, Wahrit and the Kynrud area.
“If we want peace, we have to remain silent in such a situation, we don't want that and we don't want to do that,” said the statement.
The experts who came to explain the benefits of milk were Kong Mebel Shylla, Senior Dairy Officer, Animal Husbandry and Veterinary. Department, Directorate of Dairy Development, West Jaintia Hills and Bah E Wann, Dairy Technology, Directorate of Dairy Development, West Jaintia Hills.
This is Hilariouskita Anna's son Jakoit and Anna's son didn't live in the house.
Ksan's mother thought carefully how to talk to her brother the next day before Bhalang left for town.
Bah Ioonis Mynsong (Kick Light -63kg),
He said that the Veterinary Department officials went to inspect the government land with the Sengbhalang and Rang Bah Shnong when there was no such intention to take land from the government to give to the army.
We have seen clearly that not only have we lost in employment and education, but we have also suffered in terms of economic development because we have been enslaved and ruled by the Garo, so they have taken away everything. The wealth of Meghalaya has been transferred to Garo Hills.
The purpose of this Act is to ensure that all Indian citizens, including foreign nationals who have been in India for the past year, do not need to obtain a pass or ILP. the authorities, when they enter these places.
More than 300 vehicles were stranded on most parts of the 270-km road, which is the only road connecting many roads with Kashmir to other countries. part of the country, police officials added.
Shillong: The Khasi New Year celebration was held at the Riti Academy, Jaiaw Langsning, Shillong on the afternoon of 15th November,
Allegedly, the BJP and TMC have turned their attention to coal in Meghalaya, the MP said, “The BJP wants to sell to Adani and the TMC is trying to get the benefits from these coal mines. a syndicate.
It cannot be said that those who convert to Christianity also have to abandon many things which belong to their own culture, especially if they are blindly involved in those foreign religions.
It is understood that these items may arrive in India tomorrow.
Khliehriat, June 5: The Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Jagpal Singh Dhadoa, IPS, has expressed his deep sorrow over the loss of precious lives killed in a road accident in East Jaintia Hills District. In 2021 alone, 21 people have been killed in road accidents and so far in July 2022, 29 people have died.
People work, rest, laugh – cry, think – eat and this is true all over the world and also here in the mountains, or in this city of Shillong.
Due to the rise of digital technology, social media has helped to raise awareness among people or society.
The residents of the house were shocked when the flames broke out and could not be extinguished.
The march started from Mawbah-Jhalupara and marched along the highway through Rhino Point, Barik, St. Edmund's School until they reached their mosque at Fire Brigade Laitumkhrah. The event was attended by the President of the Eid Milad Committee, Janab Mustafa Shabong.
It is learned that while the ksew was in the river, he drowned in the water and in an attempt to help his ksew without thinking that the ksew knows how to swim, one of these youths fell into the river. The river and the sister who wanted to help were drowned together.
In Lum Garo, out of the 29 constituencies, three are Phulbari, Rajabala and Mahendraganj.
Dr. Mukul Sangma had left with 12 Congress MLAs to join the TMC. However, out of these 12 MLAs, about 4 have left the party to join other parties. political party.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Second Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that those workplaces, which do not need to bring in foreign workers, in Shillong along with the shops selling electrical appliances, , will come into force from 4th June
Speaking to the public, the President of HITO, Bah Donbok Dkhar, criticized the MLA of Umsning, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh for his silence on the issue of Reservation Policy. won the election in
Looking at the struggle facing the jaidbynriew, we see that after the meeting held by the Sengbhalang in Ichamati village yesterday, there was a bloodshed in which the precious soul of one of the Khasi youth has lost it.
Due to the lack of meeting with him, the union went back to the office today and found that he has not come to work, and after this the members of the union tried to phone him. However, he did not accept the phone and when we tried later, he diverted the phone.
Revelation 22:1
In England, the death toll has risen to 46, while in Wales and Scotland the death toll has risen to four each.
On the other hand, the VC urged the protesters not to continue the protest as this will affect the education of the university which is currently in the midst of preparations for the that examination.
After dinner, every night before the workers went to bed, roll calls were made to hear and listen to any complaints or needs of the workers.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Two civil society organizations in Jaintia Hills, the JSU and the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) will hold a meeting on the 21st of this month at 12 noon. The CEM of JHADC, Madon Rymbai, has allegedly stolen T.1.18 crore in the name of the beneficiaries.
Dr Ampareen said the defeat of the two seats that the Congress should have won including Mawryngkneng and Rajabala Constituency in the mid-term elections has led to the defeat of the leaders. The Congress has not been able to answer the question why but yesterday's incident has explained why the Congress has lost these two seats.
If it hadn't been for the two centuries from these batsmen, Meghalaya would have been able to do better in the first innings where they lost three wickets in the first innings. 92 runs before the opposition managed to score 319 runs for the fourth wicket in 31.3 overs.
"Said Bah Shanbor. When he had finished reading in front of them, he asked, "Do you say that...?" "Oh, that's right, Bah," replied Bah's brother. Let“If you don't, there is no proof that you have paid or that we have received.
When they left, they set foot home and suddenly the sky was almost dark.
If no one comes to receive the child within the stipulated date, the child shall be declared according to the law and shall not be released.
After the death of these cows in Ayodhya, the sadhus were angry with the government and for this reason, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Adityanath was shocked.
, if election of the headman of Village Nohwet takes place, the women shall also be permitted to cast their vote,” chief justice Mohammad Rafiq said in his order passed here on Tuesday.
Information will be sent after the investigation and those involved will be prosecuted according to the rules of law.
He said the government should have surprised the people to address the problems of teachers by formulating the necessary education policy.
Other issues included the removal of the CRPF camp and the rights of former HNLC leader Cherishterfield Thangkhiew.
In the first half, ARC took the lead by two goals through Francis in the 19th minute and N. Rakesh in the 37th minute. Hynniewtrep FC, after scoring the first half, didn't give up but fought hard to score the first goal but didn't get a chance until the end of the first half.
This census was conducted with the aim of ensuring that we can monitor the performance of the hospitals.
At the same time, she said that these days the biscuits have started to sell well, but when the price is no longer to sell, it doesn't make sense but to feed the pigs if they are pig farmers.
The meeting was also attended by the General Observer, Nirmal Kumar Khakha.
“The college should not hide everything but should explain everything to everyone and not use it as a marketing tool because if they do so, we will appeal to the High Court or the Supreme Court. “Immediately close down the colleges and immediately close down any examination that the students should take and no more examinations should be held,” said Bah Marbaniang.
However, the hopes and expectations of the people have turned out to be shattered after the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP has been in power for more than four years.
Up to 4 places have been affected by landslides on this road in parts of Riatsasim.
The court also said that it hopes that the release of sufficient funds for the construction of this road.
Under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the presidency has held its first Voice of the Global South Summit.
Engineer Pohshna called himself and because of the delay he became angry and informed the media.
The District Session Judge, West Jaintia Hills, on July 30, 2022 found Murtibiang Surong guilty of the crime and sentenced him under Section 376 of the Indian Penal Code. imprisonment for 12 years and a fine of T.50,000 thousand.
Lavinia Warjir scored the first goal in the 29th minute.
There are currently 13 Highway Patrol Vehicles in the State.
When asked, Chelani said that magistrates have been deployed at the scene every day.
Appealing to the people to clean up and beautify Tura, she said that as this season has started, the crime has increased but I appeal to everyone to clean up and clean up the garbage and Please help the Tura Municipal Board to clean up this area.
To intimidate others, it is understood that the Prime Minister will remove some of the government ministers and replace them with others.
He conducted this research under the leadership of Prof. Vanlalnghak.
Those who wish to participate or for more information can contact the General Secretary before the 26th of this month.
He said that the market in Shahlang is run by the Sohbar and Songsak Kurs which have been in existence for a long time but have not received permission from the Council.
Messi has left PSG to join Major League Soccer club Inter Miami, while Neymar has been suffering from a hamstring injury since June and recently returned to training.
Both he and Ram are still playing in their first season of the Ranji Trophy but their performances have been stable.
According to the DC, the price of rice is T.3 per kilo, and the income of the vendors depends on the number of heads in the household. as the name appears on the Card.
About 10,000 young people will receive training to help them identify the right career for them.
She urged and requested all those who come to visit the area to refrain from throwing away bottles, plastic and other items that have been used.
“I cannot run to another party and I have decided to contest from the PDF. I appeal to the Congress leaders to support the PDF and its supporters and not to vote,” he said.
In the K1 Women's category, Elizabeth Vincent of Meghalaya came third and in the Kayak Cross, Elizabeth Vincent came first.
She said that although the government authorities or the authorities of Ri Bhoi District including doctors have not come to inspect or investigate the leaders of the party since they launched this protest. but this bias of the government authorities will not discourage them as party leaders but will strengthen their foundation to fight to the point of death. for the benefit of the people in the border areas, she added.
Another reason for the strike by the taxi drivers is because of the overcrowding of foreign vehicles in the state as well as in the Schedule Area.
Shillong, Nailur 10 : The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma today said that he will soon monitor the construction of 40 Edklavya Model Residential Schools across the state.
Speaking in the afternoon, Pastor NK Nonglang said that it is sad that the government has issued some laws in which Satan has entered their souls until they have abandoned the schemes. government, they no longer send their children to school and tried to go into the forest.
Mylliem MLA, Bah RV Lyngdoh inaugurated the tournament. Pyrda FC won the trophy and cash prize of 20,000 tyngka and Nongpiur won the trophy and cash prize of 20,000 tyngka. They won a trophy and a cash prize of 10,000 tyngka.
The train from Rajasthan will carry 150 passengers and the train from Kerala will carry 317 passengers.
During these two days, Scout Masters and Guide Captains from various Units came to give explanations and training to the Scout-Guides on various aspects of Scouts- Guides Movement including Knotting & Lashing, First-Aid, Compass-Mapping, Whistle Signal, BP Exercise, Camping-Hiking and other activities related to Scouts-Guides Movement.
Fr.Peter Syiemlieh, Spiritual Director of SACYM Zone-VI today took part in the Holy Mass and distributed the Word of God to thousands of youth. and the Catholic Church who came to take part in this youth conference.
Ex.Rev.K.LangrinIn one village there was a young man who was rich.
Aston Villa beat Burnley 3-1 in the first leg of the season.
The purpose of this program is to develop and ensure that the people of Meghalaya benefit from various schemes of the Central Government and benefit fully through the distribution of schemes and to ensure the benefits of the people of the state through this programme.
Speaking at a meeting in Nagpur on Sunday, Gadkari said that he discovered the technique himself and tried it in the flower garden at his residence. you are in Delhi.
Shillong: The Living Bridge Foundation, one of the groups working to preserve bridges in the state, will hold its 10th Anniversary on 20th November 2019 at KC Secondary School.
Replying in the House, Conrad said that in the past five years, the Government has allocated another T.100 crore to the MCCL to pay the salaries and wages of the employees.
Therefore, Bah Mawkhiew urged the people of Mawkynrew constituency and Ri Khasi Jaintia as a whole to support the RDA candidate so that he can become a leader in Parliament for the sake of the people. It is not enough to send the leader to the Legislative Assembly of the country.
We know that almost every village in Shillong has drug users and dealers.
Scene : an event is something that is caused by any interaction of creatures; see is what is in front of you.
Therefore, all the residents of the district are requested to take note of this necessary information so that it will not be a great loss.
Forty players will compete in their respective categories including Sub Juniors, Juniors and Seniors.
He said that the district task force, labor officers and enforcement of the ADCs will be informed.
Therefore, it doesn't make sense to fight too hard because we will be disappointed when the candidates who win will act as if they don't recognize us after the election.
Besides this case, he has been involved in 10 other cases, in which a charge sheet has been filed against him in one of the cases. this work.
This protest is to protect the future generations.
It is also prohibited to carry guns and other weapons and to refrain from causing any incidents such as intimidating or coercing voters and the public alike.
This BJP-appointed government has not done anything for the state except corruption for their own benefit,” he said.
It has set a target of setting up 1000 Facilitation Centers in each village to provide assistance related to government work to the people of the villages where there will be Village Community Facilitators (VCFs).
The meeting was concluded with a welcome speech by J.Tongper.
Shillong, July 22: BSF troops patrolling the border of East Jaintia Hills District on Friday seized 36 cows from the border of West and East Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya. Bangladesh is the only country in the world.
The super elite say, "Small family is a happy family"
Sharmila Reddy has expressed her willingness to work with the Congress in Telangana and has spoken to Shivakumar in this regard.
The State Police Department has commemorated the members of the department who gave their lives on the Special Police Day at a meeting held on the 20th of this month in West Khasi Hills.
The Sengbhalang in the state has acknowledged that some people have been drowned in the water or have been trapped and urged that these people urgently need assistance to rescue them otherwise they will be able to survive. to die only of hunger.
He denied that the party would nominate his brother as discussed above but said the party would hold a meeting to decide on the candidate.
In the complaint signed by 25 ministers of Mylliem Hima, they alleged that from 2009 to 2014, Pa'iem Latho Manik Syiem alone has withdrawn T. ,09,835 tyngka (Two thousand three hundred and ninety-five thousand forty-five tyngka).
“This letter was sent to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly today and a copy was sent to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma”.
Not only the Khasi medicine plant or training center on traditional medicine, but there is also a plan to build a hospital or traditional medicine center. The loss of traditional medicines in the state, said Bah B.Lyngdoh.
On the other hand, the Meghalaya government has always said that there is a border dispute, where the Nongwah-Mawtamur border is the ninth border dispute that the Meghalaya government has already marked.
When asked by the media whether she will contest the upcoming Lok Sabha elections, she said she will contest if Lord Krishna blesses her.
Besides the police, the residents of the area also witnessed the seizure of the drugs from the Ashok Leyland truck, which was coming from Guwahati with the intention of going to Agartala.
In the pages of the newspapers, we see Higher Secondary teachers, Upper Primary teachers, Adhoc teachers, SSA teachers, Lower Primary teachers and what else we don't see (except for college teachers); However, we see that these people have the same problem, which affects their work, employment and income and their families. their.
The tournament was held at Teilang Playground Dkhiah and was attended by 30 schools from different parts of East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The independent candidate from Nongthymmai Constituency, Bah Vicky S Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the main reason for his decision to contest this election is to fight against trafficking. There are no Khasi women in the state.
Member of the Foundation Madhu Sudhan announced this in an interview with KSU leaders on Tuesday. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” he said.
The vice presidents are David Kharsati, John Manner Marak, KC Boro, Bianca Kyndiah, Thomas Marak and Dipayan Chakravarty. asked Sarwan Jhunwala.
The Nongmihkhmat of Nongpoh, said that the Committee understands the difficulty of building the Entry Point through adequate buildings, but if it is implemented first even with sher dara houses, then when the Act comes into force. will help a lot, in order to prevent illegal entry of foreigners.
Thynroit CC scored 37 runs for the loss of all 10 wickets in 13.0 overs.
Hours before kick-off on Sunday, organizers allowed many football fans into the stadium.
On the same day, the union also gave its support to the Village Leaders and residents of Rambrai area, to temporarily close down the mining site, until it is confirmed that it will not be able to operate. There is no threat to the residents of Rambrai area and they have given 3 days to the foreign workers to return to their homes.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma has expressed his satisfaction with the signing of this agreement with IFAD which will improve the income of the people especially the women.
The KSU leaders said that the KSU will take action and send a letter to the Deputy Commissioner and the SP of Ri Bhoi, so that they can take action against this corruption.
Renuka Thakur, one of the most prominent bowlers in the past six months, has not yet taken a wicket.
According to the UDP leader, the party will lead the government in the coming elections because the people have understood the Congress rule which has brought about a decline in income especially in the management. money that is very lymmuh, which causes problems to the state and the people.
“Other employees working in other government departments about 57 households, and about 50% of them have already left the area and gone to different places and it was decided to encourage them “The remaining residents should leave the Sweeper Colony and move to the places provided by the government departments where they work,” he said.
The meeting was conducted by the Chief Organizing Secretary Bah DS War in the presence of Kitbok Nongphlang, former FKJGP leader Emlang Lytan and others.
The plaintiffs against the illegal mining and transportation of coal have told the Meghalaya High Court that they have been threatened and fear for their safety after filing the cases.
At this juncture, it is clear that in 2023, the political parties that have not been prepared and expected to win the elections but the victory of these political parties will not bring any change to the elections. The Hynniewtrep people according to the signs and symptoms we have seen in the past.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: Shillong Police today conducted a raid from Polo to Umkaliar and seized thousands of liters of pyrsi and phareng beer.
The Speaker should continue the session today,” said Bah Ardent.
At the same time, the Minister said that the collapse of the bridge can still be held if the vehicles carrying it are according to the weight allocated by the government.
Many leaders from different political parties have seen the working methods of the government and the fact that the NPP is leading the state government,” he said.
Earlier, the HLC had set a deadline from July 3 to November 3 for the residents of Iewmawlong area to bring their witnesses to the Shillong Municipal Board office.
Dr Sylvanus, who is also the Principal of St Education College, said that in order for the work to move forward, it is important that it should be brought to Parliament.
Guru, the owner of the shop, sustained minor injuries and was taken to the Civil Hospital where doctors said the injuries were not serious.
The employees of the Municipal today held a rally in front of the Board without working as a sign of protest against the government's insult.
Replying to the speech of the Governor, Conrad said that the incident was like a plane crashing into the ground but at that time, the plane crashed. The pilot came suddenly to rescue the plane from danger and it was able to fly properly.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and the Shillong Socio-Cultural Assamese Students' Association (SSASA) on Thursday strongly condemned the shooting death of four Pnars by the Assam Police. Assam forest worker and a forest worker were arrested on the morning of the 22nd of this month at Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills District.
The Government of India has accepted Aminda Simsanggre and Chambagre of West Garo Hills to come second and third respectively for the Best Village Panchayat award. The National Water Awards will be held in
The number of employed has decreased by 1.4 million and the total unemployment has now risen to 396 million, a slight decrease since July
On the other hand, the state government has urged those who intend to return to the state to stay longer in the state if they want to stay in places where they have not returned. It is better for them to go back because it is not easy.
On the same day, Bah HS Diengdoh also donated money as part of the encouragement and support to the youth in this tournament. He has decided to continue in the public service to contest the MLA election 2023 from the National People's Party (NPP) Mawkyrwat Constituency. He said that if the people of the area elect him as MLA, many changes will be made in the development of many parts of the Mawkywat Constituency.
According to him, the decision taken by the Trinamool Congress is only to find support for the candidates who intend to contest the MLA elections from the party.
“It's you.
A patrol team of the Assam Rifles on the 16th of this month arrested two members of the NSCN-IM from a village in Mokokchung District, Nagaland.
“Bindo M Lanong is the senior member of the UDP, Dr Jemino Mawthoh is the General Secretary, Paul Lyngdoh is the Working President but they don't know anything, except Titos W. “The President of East Khasi Hills, Bah Titos and Dr. Don are the same person,” said Bah Shylla.
To clean up these two rivers by planting algae, the Minister of Forest and Environment, James PK Sangma on Saturday inaugurated two pilot projects including one project to clean up the algae. The Restoration of Kyrhuhkhla and Lunar Rivers using Phycoremediation Technology and the Reclamation of Coal Mining-Affected Land through Afforestation Pohskhen, Eastern Cape.
He said that Dr. Don has already counted how many votes he needs to win the election and he will not look at the suffering of the people but will only appoint his agents. that they should hold the vote which is not in the count for him to win the election.
“Our struggle is to ensure that the teachers will have the opportunity to enter politics,” he added.
The participants were teachers from various colleges in Shillong, research scholars and students of the Khasi Department, NEHU, Shillong.
She said that the duty of the department is to look after the health of the animals and not to look after what happens after they are slaughtered.
Shylla said that if they are really concerned about this issue, they should have resigned from their seats so that a clean investigation can be conducted because while they are sitting in seats, they cannot. “When I asked for the documents, I was told that they are not available to the CEM – they are all on the CEM's desk. “It's true that the CEM said at the meeting in Laitkor,” said Bah Shylla.
The JAC will hold a meeting outside the VC's office after the meeting to inform about the issues discussed after the meeting with the VC and also to decide on further steps. .
There was also a Story Telling for the Pre-Primary children by Sam-i-naki Passah and an Exhibition on Teaching Learning Material. HK Singh Memorial School, Jowai, St. Michael English School, Jowai RMSA School, Khimusniang UPS SSA, Chutwakhu UPS SSA, Kurimai Memorial UPS SSA, Police Public School and the models and buildings submitted schools are environmentally friendly as outlined in the G-20 Agenda.
Frame Drive 3.
“That is the only purpose of this notification and nothing more than that and the question is to say that it will affect and sloit the powers of the District Council or to challenge the powers of the courts in the villages or change the There will be no rules in the District Councils,” he said.
When asked whether he had any reason, the OC said, “Yes, I don't have any reason, but there are other things that I go to the police station,” he said.
The repair of the bridge came after experts found that the bridge is no longer safe for vehicles and needs to be repaired immediately. It will be safe for vehicles passing through the bridge.
Prestone's statement came after allegations that the BJP and the NPP are the same party two days after the BJP High Command decided not to nominate a candidate. Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh from Shillong and Agatha Sangma from Tura Parliamentary seat.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The Voice of the People (VPP) North Shillong Constituency on Tuesday welcomed the leaders and supporters of the KHNAM and HSPDP at a meeting held at the Dorbar. Hall of Mawkhar Village.
Midfielders: Baby Sunday Marngar, Kitboklang Pale, Nekilson Bina, Damonlang Pathaw, Dameki Khongstia, Dawanchaw Carlos Challam, Robert Khongjoh, Baiaikara Swer.
Speaking on the principles of the BJP, Gregory Shullai said that the reason for the backwardness of the state is because all the previous governments have not taken care of the development of the state. BJP will fill this seat for the benefit of the people of the state.
It is on this basis that Hosea was told – “My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge (knowledge of the word of God).
On the other hand, Zoramthanga, after taking responsibility for the defeat of the MNF in the elections, submitted his resignation letter as party chief on Tuesday.
He said these issues which affect the life and death of the state (ILP and Mukul Sangma) are very important to the state and therefore, change is needed.
The Dorbar Shnong congratulates him on becoming the Congress candidate from this constituency.
The program was conducted by Nathaniel Da Costa and Avinash Kharel, Premier Skills Instructor.
In another incident, on the 5th of this month, at 5 pm, the driver of an unidentified auto rickshaw (ML-10A-8768) along with a passenger. They kidnapped a girl from Ronghona forest in Byrnihat OP, Ri Bhoi and raped her.
In order to further enforce the rules and regulations in their respective areas, it is expected that the public, the lyndan, the households and the simpah simsong will take part in any way such as joining hands. In this regard, the Khasi language should be translated into the mother tongue by including the village languages ​​from different regions across the districts of Khasi and Jaintia Hills. The Sohra language will be the native language and the sources of the language may continue to contribute more from the village languages ​​from the south of Bri Hynniewtrep in finding that they are more interesting, more meaningful and more stable in the language. how to speak, write and read words.
Books are true friends.
The driver of the two wheeler and the passenger were taken to hospital with injuries.
The reception was held at the residence of Ma Nujorki Sungoh MLA, where the President of the UDP Mowkaiaw Circle Bah Eleazer C Dkhar welcomed the guests.
Kharkrang said that drivers should not violate any laws in the prohibited areas.
Truck drivers.8.
However, the Magistrate had to request the residents of Khliehtyrshi to allow them to use the garbage dump temporarily, but the residents in one voice shouted that they should not allow them to use the garbage dump in any way. to throw niut.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The Under Secretary to the Governor of Meghalaya has sent a statement to the Governor of Meghalaya to clarify the report that the Governor of Meghalaya will send the Ministry of Home Affairs to review the Prevention of Disqualification Act. ) Amendment Bill 2015, the Governor clarified that the review of the VAB, 2014 by the KHADC is only for the part of the KHADC and not for the bill passed by the state government.
In her speech, the Chief Guest recalled that Rev Nichols Roy was one of the great leaders of the Khasi Jaintia people and who has made a great contribution to the society and also in the service of the people as Minister. Christian and as a scholar and intellectual.
Vehicles coming from Lad Golflink who want to go to Lad Mawroh, have to pass through Tiara Restaurant to go to Cahandmari-Lad Mawroh and so on.
We hope that the KHADC and other government departments will take action against this environmental hazard.
The seminar was conducted by Rahul Chatterjee and students from various departments of NEHU participated in the seminar.
Anjelin won the Light Contact Women under 51 kg category and Banisha won the Light Contact Women under 55 kg category.
The Seng Khasi Seng Kmie has launched the 'Nohkjat' of the Shad Suk Mynsiem which is also known as the Pyrem festival which is held every year as a sign of thanksgiving to God after the death of The planting and burial ceremony was held on Saturday at Weiking Square, Jaiaw.
So far, there are 13 cases of Covid-19 in the state, of which 10 have recovered and one has died.
Besides, Bah Marbaniang said that the opportunity to hold recreational activities at the Mela has affected the children as they go to participate in recreational activities with the intention of earning more money.
This anger does not go anywhere but goes directly to Modi and the BJP.
If they (the opposition) have anything they don’t agree with, they can go to court and prove their allegations.
The road from Pongtung to Lyngkhat is one of the roads that provides livelihood to the villagers of Riwar area who live from trade and farmers as well.
A 16-year-old boy was killed by suspected militants in Anantnag district of Jammu & Kashmir after he resisted attempts to enter his house.
Nongshlong also expressed his surprise by saying how the DC Kamrup has not complied with the order of the Chief Minister of Assam.
Dikal Bareh, who wears jersey no.11, was also named the best player.
The deceased were identified as Akanchi A Sangma (elder) and Sania A Sangma (younger).
With this increase, the salary has been increased to T.89,100 and the TA to T.20,0
They also said that if the Government authorities harass the people living in Them Metor in this way, they will cooperate with the Government.
The FKJGP has opposed this, insisting that the land will be used by the people of Meghalaya.
When asked why the people vote for the Regional Parties, Lyngdoh gave an example of the Shillong Parliamentary seat which was won by the Regional Party.
Nenganchi N. Sangma (9 & 49) scored two goals while Cylinda R. Marak (60+2) scored the other goal.
To say that there are schools that have not renewed their textbooks in 2023, 10 years before the release of new textbooks, is too much.
He said that the beneficiaries will need to pay a down payment of only 10% to implement this mission.
The union expresses its anger that the state government has used force to suppress the voice of the people and our land rights as a separate nation.
Muslims have a story where men have to pay money to a woman and Shaheen, as soon as she receives the money, disappears from the place where she lives. and her husband and allegedly cheated and thanked about 10 dozen men from Jammu and Kashmir.
Shillong: The Mawngap Multipurpose Cooperative Society Ltd, which is in charge of TWE Music School, has decided to postpone the Music Festival “Scaling Height Park 2019” which was scheduled to be held on 19th March 2019 at Madan. St. Paul Higher Secondary School Mini Stadium Marbisu and will be held on the 30th November
This year's crematorium will be held in Muallian, East Jaintia Hills District.
Two NPP MLAs, Benedic R Marak from Raksamgre constituency and Ferlin CA Sangma from Selsella constituency, who have resigned from the NPP constituency, have already learned that they will not get tickets from the NPP. SG Esmatur Mominin of Phulbari Constituency, SG Esmatur Mominin of Phulbari Constituency, said that the party has decided to leave the party for the 2023 MLA elections. journalist.
Shillong: A traffic jam in Upper Shillong has started at 9 pm today.
In the implementation of the Ayushman Bharat-PMJAY which has been linked to MHIS for the patients especially the following, NEIGRIHMS is one of the hospitals in the small states with the highest number of beneficiaries. insurance scheme.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, several visitors to Nan Polok, which is located in the center of Shillong, expressed their sorrow after the closure of the bridge.
Shillong: The BJP Chief Minister of Tripura, Biplab Kumar Deb, on Tuesday said that the Citizenship Bill 2016 of the Central Government has nothing to do with the country.
The meeting was attended by the Syiem of Hima Khyrim, Paiem Dr Balajied Sing Syiem, Lyngdohs, Ministers, MDCs and leaders. village.
To improve the areas occupied by the vendors by reducing the number of vendors if they are too far from the road, to ensure that the vendors should be clean and others so that Pedestrians shall have a clean and safe place to walk and to clean up the places where vehicles should pass.
They need to check from time to time whether their actions are right? In our spiritual life too, we need to examine our relationship with God.
He said that the implementation of the scheme in 13 out of 15 villages in Mawlai census town is still under review.
The delegation includes 17 journalists from South East Asian countries including the Philippines, Myanmar, Thailand, Singapore, Laos, Vietnam, Indonesia, Malaysia and Cambodia along with officials from the Ministry of External Affairs.
The speakers on the occasion expressed the same view that the FKJGP will be one of the organizations that will provide services to the community and the nation.
He said that the Khasi Jaidbynriew is small compared to other Jaidbynriew and therefore it is necessary to have unity among the youth, so that we can fight when there are any problems. who are fighting.
In North Garo Hills, there are 12 cases, in Ri-Bhoi 72 cases, 5 High Risk Contacts, 12 ILI Cases, 4 Mawser Cluster, 5 Midc Cluster, 8 Nonglum Cluster, 14 Nongrim Jyrmi Cluster and 11 Syadheh Cluster.
They are requested to submit their EPIC Card, Bank Account Detail, Affidavit to accept and follow the rules laid down in the Comprehensive Plan and Scheme for Spot E-Auction. prepared in collaboration with the State Government and Coal India Ltd; (These documents can be obtained from the website of the Department) and they must also submit a test report to verify the GCV of the coal.
Sangma also promised to the people that their demands would be taken into consideration for the improvement of education and health.
Shillong: The body of Rita Singh, Rita Singh, has been found dead in Tdong Pynthor, Wah Myntdu, West Jaintia Hills.
Furthermore, after the inspection, the union also met with the Principal of the school and during the meeting, the union urged the Principal to teach them well. servants shall be holy.
" said the mother of Rida. So Panah went down to drink the sha which her husband had prepared.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84697 out of which 82998 have recovered and 1476 have died.
The Mawryngkneng Assembly seat has become vacant after the sudden death of Congress MLA David Nongrum last month.
However, since 9th June, Bah Warjri has been taken to the Central Jail in Lakhra, Assam for further treatment.
The CM said he was pleased to know that the villagers of the area have participated in boating competitions in the country and abroad as well, to showcase their talents to the world.
According to the order issued by the Meghalaya High Court, the case was heard by two judges including the HPC. Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W Diengdoh said that the Advocate General of the State Government has informed that the lawyer of the Harijan Panchayat Committee has informed that the blueprint has been accepted. prepared by the Government, but it is also recommended to amend some of the sections in it.
On the part of the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Silvester Mynsong, he appealed to all the residents, residents and those who own land in Nongpoh to take part in this cleanliness drive. every year for the purpose of bringing about a clean environment in the Shnong.
In this section I would like to turn briefly to the issue of human rights.
“I didn't come to destroy the Mairang Constituency but what upsets me is that others who campaigned against me have called me a destroyer and a troublemaker in the entire Mairang Constituency,” said Bah Metbah.
He said that this is the attempt of the BJP-led NDA Government to transform India into a country with one culture, one language and one religion. The RSS's goal and desire to turn India into a Hindu country.
He said that the nation has declined in these days because even in the field of music has declined, and therefore, we need to improve this work as members of the party because if we forget and he shall be punished later.
The couple were spotted landing at Le Castellet airport in France.
“If they don't work hard, it is better that the state doesn't have police anymore, because they should understand that their job is to serve the people, not to please those in power,” said the HYC. Shillong, Jymmang 18: More than 100 farmers in Nongkhroh village under Thadlaskein Development Block today received training at a training organized by the Shaphrang Farmers Group Nongkroh with the assistance of the Society for Urban and Rural. Empowerment (SURE).
After that, the man took out his mobile phone to take a picture but the employees of Suman stood up and threatened him by throwing him away. She was afraid to withdraw the money to escape the shop.
This is no longer a time of slavery like in the past century, but this is a time when almost all people no longer believe in superstition and believe on a clear and right basis.
On the same day, the union also handed over a letter to the DM&HO and urged the officer to inform the government to expedite the opening of the hospital.
JEWELLER SYNREM (INC) – 20933.
Through this programme, the party does not want to work without the approval of the people.
We live in the days when people are pursuing wealth, fame and power, without thinking of the end.
Forwardman Nongrem President KSU, SWKHD, said that the KSU West and South West condemns the government on this issue. and to make public the report and to terminate the social agreement with these companies.
“Regarding the Bill, the KHADC has sent a reminder letter on the 3rd of this month to the DCA. ," she said.
On 25th July, the state government approved the appointment of former Madhya Pradesh High Court Judge Justice (Retd) Mool Chand Garg as the Chairman of the Expert Committee to review the Reservation Policy. It has been given 12 months to complete this work.
So really before four o'clock she got out of the house to go to Deisy's house.
The pastors said that Kohli has also assured that the ban on beef will not have any impact in the state and the BJP will not interfere in this issue, but will depend on the freedom of the people. .
I am grateful to the State Council of Science, Technology and Environment for helping me to have a scientific mindset and I try to do the same for the children I teach,” he said.
The relic of this saint, who was canonized by Pope Pius XI in 1934, arrived in our state in 2011 as part of the to prepare for the celebration of the 200th Anniversary of His Birth in 2015 which also brought the recovery of Larisa Khongsit from Sohra.
“There are 10 students who have passed the Civil Services examination this year from Manipur alone, three from Shillong. He said that the competition for Civil Services is different now than 30 years ago when the competition is very fierce and to blame the quality of education is not true, but the important thing is who or what people have. I don't have a real desire to fight for the Civil Services.
These two types of diseases have not yet been cured by the power of medical science.
This slander has discouraged and upset the children who use Jait Kpa.
Rangdajied's goals were scored by O Langshiang in the 20th and 69th minutes and D Mawlong in the 39th and 47th minutes.
Police have launched a search operation to arrest the suspects and have taken them to Darangagre village.
At the same time, the NPP leader also criticized the TMC for saying that the BJP is a foreign party as it said in West Bengal.
He added that the current Education Policy focuses on research, training, entrepreneurship, sports and other subjects that will benefit the students where in the previous education there was no such teachings have been introduced.
It may be recalled that in the past few years, Sonapyrdi village together with the KSU Sonapyrdi unit, have tried once to take up the same issue to relocate these BSF, but it is not known for what reason. government cannot.
Besides this, the village leaders of Pahamrioh, have expressed many shortcomings in the village.
We should welcome and demand that the WHO accept the Minister's proposal”.
Regarding schools, there are no government schools in Mawhati Constituency, except in Mawrong, which has just opened in the past few years and which falls under the RMSA. hi there is no government school.
If once the reversal of evil by good seems to be a failure, one day good will always triumph over evil and this will bring about change.
But why wouldn't I want to work with Dharmendra, who is a very good actor?" she said.
The KSU has urged the leaders of the area not to interfere in this problem, but as the leaders of the people, they should lend a helping hand with food items. so that the low-income population is not affected.
In the past few months, a student has been seriously injured in a car accident in Laitumkhrah.
Aspiring villages are those that have provided services to treat solid or liquid waste, Rising villages are those that are prepared to treat both types of waste and Model villages are those that they were able to cleanse themselves of the unclean and the unclean.
“a.
He was dismissed after scoring exactly 100 runs against Rishab Baslas, a bowler whom Raj found difficult to score.
Regarding the praise from the people, the reason why the people praised, was after seeing that the Prime Minister, has shown a smiling and happy appearance, When he visited these villages in the Jirang area and especially when they heard the voice, he said that he wanted to enter the rural villages in order to better understand the problems of the people.
He should have fought for himself because until now we have not seen that peace will come or we have not seen that there will be a way for peace to come back in Manipur.
The meeting was attended by the directors of hospitals such as Robert Hospital, Woodland Hospital, Bethany Hospital, Nazareth Hospital, Children's Hospital Super Care Hospital, BSF Hospital and Army Hospital.
Shillong: Among all the MLAs in the ruling party, only Mawphlang MLA SK Sunn has refused to hold the post. public money.
Dalmia Cement (Bharat) Limited, one of the subsidiaries of Dalmia Bharat Limited, has produced the first oil well cement in India. day.
The villagers said that the government is poorer than the villagers of Ri Lyngngam.
Dongmusa is still alive, your pure memories that have passed away with your heart will rise to stand for the cause of peace before the world as you have thrown away all your talents and snaps that cannot be erased.
If you come from outside remember to wash your hands thoroughly.
Ardent also urged the people not to stop their opposition to the CAA 2019 as it is a law that will affect the minorities of the state and the North East as a whole.
Regarding the complaint of the union, about the presence of these coke factories, especially in Jaintia Hills; However, the Member Secretary of State Environment Impact Assessment Agency (SEIAA) Shillong, on 1st November, 2021, said that there is no application for permission to open a coke factory in Jaintia Hills.
He said that even the Supreme Court of the country has said that the increase in the illegal entry of people from Bangladesh has put the country at risk and the Guwahati High Court has also said that the illegal entry of people from Bangladesh has put the country at risk. They illegally entered Assam from Bangladesh.
No Candidate or Unit of their Political Party shall be allowed to issue SHA during the Public Meeting in Yuŋwalieh.
Application forms can be obtained from the DSO office, Nongstoin and can also be submitted at the DSO office during office hours.
Why is it that Subhas Chandra Bose's actions against India during the liberation of India are actions to intimidate the Indians?
The scheme has been introduced for the year 2021-22 and this is the first phase and the second phase will be completed until the end of the road.
He said that the intention to enter politics is a better opportunity for them, “It is the best way” he said and when asked whether he intends to form another party. politician said they will take a decision later.
It is the responsibility of the government to do this.
The three doctors are from hospitals in Sitapur, Unnao and Gonda districts.
Besides the running competition, other competitions will be held such as the Invitation Inter School Mawpoint and Tug of War Competition at the Basketball Court JN ​​Stadium, Polo Shillong starting at 9 pm. Root Center of East Khasi Hills District will be held on 27th July
For this reason, if this situation continues in the next 100 days, we will have to spend another T.300 crore to purchase electricity and to continue this power outage.
Jowai, November 21: U Arbor Hima Darnei, Chief Executive Member (CEM) of JHADC, has refused to take over the post of Chief Executive Member (CEM). , has decided to resign if his fellow Congress MDCs lose confidence in him, according to a report on Riluk's website today.
“Glorious things shall be spoken of thee, O Jerusalem, the city of God” Psalm 87:3
The ticket will go to John Kharshiing, Co Chairman of the State Planning Board, who has a close relationship with the State Planning Board. and the Prime Minister, Mukul Sangma.
Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Secretary DD Lapang, Chief Secretary PBO Warjri and other government officials were present on the occasion. .
Speaking to media, Bah Brikstar Sohtun, President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of 18 Villages, said that today, the Village Leaders, came to submit a petition. Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
I never went to see it again.
On the other hand, the police force was led by C Syrti, MPS, GAL Marshillong, MPS, SDPO Amlarem and Insp.
American Idol viewers have demanded that Katy Perry be removed as a judge and replaced by Alanis Morissette as a full-time judge.
This is part of the project called “No One Shall Be Left Behind: Initiative” sponsored by the Rural Electrification Corporation, New Delhi.
However, since 3rd October 2016, these villages have been in darkness again, due to the cut off of electricity.
At the same time, he said that Pynursla needs a proper garbage dump due to the increasing population and economic development.
As the saying goes, prevention is better than cure, now is the time to stand against evil and it will not make sense if the disease has entered the society to continue to cause them. various types of protests to demand the government to stop it.
This is evident from the fact that the stamp pad appears on my hand.
Shillong, June 28: The President of the KSU South Khasi Hills District Unit, Samla Reebokstar Diengdoh, said that those who wish to apply for subsidy or loan from banks can come to the NABARD office. On Tuesday, he called upon the residents of Mawlong Elaka to come out in order on the day of the illegal market opening in Kalibari, by foreigners living in Ichamati and other villages. neighbours.
One prisoner who escaped from Jowai District Jail and survived the mass bomb blast was arrested from Shangpung.
When you have too many thoughts, you don't even feel like eating.
He said that in 2018, the rank of the state in all aspects was low but now it has increased in terms of economic growth, income and in many areas, it has received recognition not only from the country. but also from other parts of the world.
Shillong: U Kisan Bareh, a resident of Jalaphet Sutnga village, Shillong, who fights for the Club Ferdy School of Martial Arts and Revolution MMA, has won the 2013 FIFA World Cup. The Mixed Martial Arts tournament was held in Guwahati Assam on 31st July 2021 at the MMA and Fitness Gym.
The match on 12.10.2023 will be between Demthring and Moosyiem Shangpung at 2 pm.
Not a single village should be left behind as it can lead to problems in the future.
According to the announcement, the State Government and the Central Government will provide half of the donation, ie T.5 lakh.
Sangma, who is also the National President of the NPP and Chairman of the MDA, has called a meeting of all the synrop allies after the defeat in the recent Lok Sabha elections from all the two constituencies in the state. State.
Mohammed Deif, 55, commander of the Qassam Brigades of Hamas, was involved in the bombing of Israelis and was seriously wounded in an Israeli bombing on Tuesday. Blei, however, did not escape.
Speaking on the occasion, the Governor said that all the award winners especially the 62 Rajya Puraskar recipients should continue to work and take responsibility.
“The claim that this Division provides services only to the villages under the Laskein C&RD Block is wrong because we know that there are still many villages under the jurisdiction of the Thadlaskein C&RD Block.
“Furthermore, it may be noted that the Lineage Act, 1997 does not prohibit the issuance of ST certificate to an applicant by taking a change of race,” he said. it is from the father or mother and it is also allowed to accept the jait of the husband by a non-Khasi woman.
The kya is a species of tree that grows well in arid areas such as the Bhoi Hills.
It is to be recalled that the Khasi Travelers Sale Association (KSA) has been formed by the Khasi Travelers Sale Association (KHASA) to help improve the livelihood of those who sell goods across the villages and townships in the state. The union will also provide ID cards for them so that they will not be harassed by the residents during such times of crime. who are bunjait when they go to sell.
The bill is known as the Election Rules 2019 and which is also an amendment to several parts of the Act of the Establishment. of Elaka and Village and Election, Appointment, Powers, Functions and Jurisdiction of Dolloi/Sirdar and Waheh Shnong) Act, 2015.
But they are only symbols for you to think about before you make a decision for the good of you and the whole nation.
The meeting was opened by Ministers of State for Social Justice and Empowerment Krishan Pal Gurjar, Ramdas Athawale and Rattan Lal Kataria.
However, at present there is no such thing, and the authority to build the office lies with the state government to allocate funds for the construction of the office.
This trick was played by Aslander Syiemlieh.
“Their houses and property have been destroyed.
The Dorbar Chnong shall keep a Register, as well as a file to contain all these necessary documents, which shall be subject to Police Verification within 90 (ninety) days from the date of issue. to this news.
The approval for the remaining works is on November 2, 2020 and the approval for the outstanding works is on March 27,
In the under-18 (boys) 3000m, Franky Siangshai of East Jaintia Hills (00:09:31.90) won the gold medal, Damang I Lyngdoh of West Jaintia Hills (00:09) won the gold medal. :56.31) won the silver medal and Merous Dkhar of East Jaintia Hills (00:10:00.57) won the bronze medal.
He said that this is the beginning and there may be such an incident in the coming days.
And we will lose a lot of our land if our government stays in Shillong without turning its eyes to the remote areas of the state.
The competition was divided into two categories, one for women and one for men (open category).
“We need to work together in all aspects to protect the rights of the NPP-led government,” said Dr Mukul. population, traditions, our unique values ​​and the future of our youth.
The HSPDP MDCs who have not yet resigned from the ARPA are Bah Pyniaid who has resigned from the post and Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit who has resigned from the post of CEM. I'm not going to do this anymore.
He said that in the past few months, they have met with the Executive Engineer of PWD Nongstoin Division and have written a letter to remind him to take action and The officer promised to inform the government to allocate new funds for the completion of the bridge.
We are still waiting to see what the people of India will answer after 23rd June 2019, but perhaps the word shaiwala means the job of selling sha and the poor have to work hard to sell it. The job of chowkidar is more difficult and that is to guard the masters who pay the bills, but we don't know whether the showkidar is waiting to get votes or not. , you are the one who gives money.
However, they did not believe the voice of the people of the area and on this basis the leaders of the party have decided to close down the tower.
Those men and women who participated in the survey who smoked, were overweight and exercised little were more likely to have a heart attack among those who were underage. employment and income and this also increases the risk of high blood pressure or diabetes.
Ebormi Jat scored the second goal for Wahiajer SC in the 22nd minute and Heimonmi Dkhar in the 35th minute.
After the incident, the mother of the child fled the scene and the search for him by the police is ongoing.
There are two types of buses, one is the Kendra Vidyalaya which is under the Central Scheme and carries the students under Class 12, and the other is the University Bus which carries them. students from Degree level above and there are about 18 buses.
He also questioned the government's failure to issue the license even after these shops have paid the license fee for many months.
Vishal Das (4 overs: tied for 16 runs: 3 wickets) and Gurjit Singh (4 overs: tied for 30 runs: 3 wickets).
The office also urged the village leaders of the area to cooperate with the Forest Department to prevent such destructive activities.
The group was formed to take any responsibility for violence against Hindus around the world.
I wonder why there are only Kyiad shops in Khasi Hills? Why doesn't the government and even the village authorities work hard to produce and use the Kyiad pyrsi which is the Kyiad Khasi which we as a nation have been producing and using since ancient times?
Even the main road of the Riangdo-Athiabari area which has been destroyed and turned into a kroh, synrang and ahor for many years has been restored.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Lawrynniang said that this day is celebrated all over the world in relation to people with disabilities and at the same time it expresses the importance of I am happy to be with them on this special day.
The IV UUP Invitation Football Tournament 2023 has been held on the fifth day of the Pynursla Football Tournament 2023 today.
After 5 pm, the crowd started flocking to the venue to find a place to rest near the rynsan to listen to the music while others walked upstairs to see the beauty of the venue. Nan Polok and not to enter the shops around this area since the opening of the public on the 19th of July.
According to his statement, the CM said the government has only invited a tender for the purchase of a helicopter to provide services to the VIPs.
“We as the President, Secretary and leaders of the Garo Sengbhalang here in the Khasi Hills would like to inform you that there are many Garo people living across the Khasi Hills since ancient times until now. Many Garo people have their own land or A.khings Land which falls within the boundary of different districts,” said the leaders of the four organizations in the petition.
Rev.(Dr) HCT Sumer while distributing the Word of God spoke on the topic “The vessels that cannot be broken” based on 2 Paul's letter to the Corinthians 4:7-8
Dasgupta and Suranjit Dey defeated Alberto and Lalthangsangi of Mizoram 11-5, 12-10, 5-11, 11-7 to win the gold medal. and mixed doubles.
We used to talk about the influx of foreigners, but to fight against it, we need local people, who are in offices, officers, factories, politics and in the workplace. billa and many other jobs and if we can work ourselves, then the influx of foreigners will not occur at all in various jobs.
Up to 103 teachers came to be trained for the benefit and development of the students in education as well as the youth.
Isaiah 2:4.
Are you the only one?” asked Bah Sokon.
“They also said that in the past, the dam has never been in dispute and Assam has never owned the dam because it was built by the Meghalaya government, but unfortunately it is after the arrangement. On the border between Meghalaya and Assam, it was learned that the dam has been transferred to Assam.
Diseases include obesity, measles, autism, down syndrome and thalassemia.
Gavin's parents live in a small house in Mawlai.
(7) the coming down of the new earth after the first heaven and the first earth had passed away and the seas were no more.
This tournament was organized by the KSU Nongpoh Circle as part of the memory of this young man who has contributed to the Jaitbynriew in the past by serving the Jaitbynriew through He was a full member of the KSU Nongpoh Circle who passed away on 8th June
The wreath laying ceremony was led by HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani in the presence of MDC J. Treilang Suchiang, Waheh Shnong of Shangpung Pohshnong Richardson Rabon and Mr. Heibormi Sungoh is the head of the House.
He said that these seedlings are about 2 or 3 feet tall, which is also a project funded by the North East Cane and Bamboo Development Council for the year 2021-2
As we have seen in the past decades, the State Planning Board has been appointed only by people from the political parties even though they do not know the value and power of the Planning Board.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the IITG has submitted its investigation report and the report has been submitted to the High Powered Committee (HPC) headed by the IITG. Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
Group C: Manipur, Jharkhand, Tamil Nadu, Nagaland, Uttar Pradesh, Central Pradesh.
When we are like this, indeed, the ways and means to reach the end are very difficult.
The NHRC also wants to know what measures have been taken and will be taken to protect the human rights of the citizens especially women and others from violence.
All these are the tasks that still require the youth to turn around and start now, to set up these tasks.
The infection comes two months after Iranians protested over the death of 22-year-old Mahsa Amini after she was arrested and taken away by Iranian police for not They did not wear the hijab as women in the country do especially when going out in public places and outside their homes.
All shops in the village have been ordered to close.
Noverfield Marak, MLA North Tura, who visited the scene, strongly condemned the incident.
Thus, from a Bengali father who marries a Khasi woman, a Bengali (engine) Bengali, another race, Khasi, will be born.
The incident took place in Upper Kharkutta in North Garo Hills.
All 71 members of the party will receive T.2.50 lakh each or T.1,77,50,000.00 or 10.99 lakh and 50,000 tyngka.
The JSU through its President, Lawyerson War, said that there are 10 to 15 illegal quarries in different parts of Nongtalang village, as well as old quarries which have been closed down in the past. However, the mining has continued without any permission or information from the Meghalaya Minor Minerals Concession Rules,
Conrad said the North East will strongly oppose the proposal to implement the bill.
Prashant Kishore, born in 1977, has worked for eight years at the United Nations as a health worker and has monitored many politicians. in the world.
With this victory, these three teams will also represent the state as the Meghalaya Masters at the Northeast Sunfeast Cup 2022 to be held soon in Guwahati to compete against other teams from different states. different of the southeastern region.
If there are those who have seen it, we believe that this too can be done in Khasi-Jaintia.
On receiving information about the incident, the Pilangkata Border Outpost and Assam Police from Basistha and Jorabat rushed to the scene to stop the incident. Magistrates from both the states have been able to stop the incident and the residents of Assam have had to stop by allowing these trucks to pass as usual.
It is said that as a child, James wanted to take the part of Joseph, because as a child he had already loved Rose, when they were together at school. at Sixpenny Handley First School in Salisbury, Wilts.
The Chief Secretary of the State Government today called a meeting with the religious leaders. various to discuss in this regard.
This Jutang lasted only 3 1⁄2 years.
It is for this reason that the government encourages the youth to engage in entrepreneurship.
Therefore, the GNF calls upon all Naga people to ask these two questions; The continued implementation of the AFSPA on Naga land will be a way to strengthen the military operations of the Government of India; Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, on Tuesday said that the state government has been working hard to ensure that the country's economy is growing rapidly. However, it will not be necessary to renew the MoU signed recently on the boundary of six areas between Assam and Meghalaya.
Therefore, the party comes later because when the people decide to elect a candidate, they elect the person they love and trust,” said Prestone.
However, before the 2023 elections, he left the TMC and joined the BJP and now he has left the BJP to join the NPP. “It is the intention of Bah Shangpliang to insult the President of the BJP and to confirm his intention to join another party by accusing him of defecting to another party. pat to others.
“We have to adapt and train ourselves according to the changing times,” he said.
Now with the help of Sunil, I hope that my son will change and progress not only in education but also in football,” said Abhishek's mother.
Kohli also strongly accused the Congress of the backwardness of the state in terms of roads, the delay in the construction of the State Legislative Assembly and the spread of false stories on the consumption of beef. He said that this is a law passed by the Congress party and that the ban on beef consumption is the law of the state government and not the government of India.
If you search in the database of the Government of Assam, you will not find such a department, but there is another department called the Board of Sports of Assam which was established in accordance with the rules of law. National Sports Club of Assam (Taking Over of Management and Control) Act 1977.
The third semi final will be played on November 14 between Amlarem SCC and Jarain SC at 1 pm.
Jowai, Jymmang 17: Even if the government, especially the PHE department, has demanded that the government should implement the Village Administration Bills passed by the KHADC and JHADC, the KSU and the JHADC have demanded that the Village Administration Bills. The Jowai Water Supply Scheme, Umngot has been targeted many times, but for more than 10 years, the scheme has not been completed.
According to Bah Dwen Lyngdoh and Bah Useful Lakhmie, along with other development works, they want to clean up the road from Mawpnar to Nongwah Mawtamur for a distance of about 3 km. 4 km and also to build a bridge to cross the Umthna River which is very difficult during the rainy season for vehicles and motorcycles to cross the river.
But God looked down from heaven upon the children of men, to see if there were any that understood and sought him.
He didn't think he knew who went to Vellore, Appolo or Delhi.
When asked about the Village Administration Bill (VAB) introduced by the KHADC in the past years, Bah Pynshngaiñlang N Syiem said that after the VAB was introduced by the KHADC, The Home Ministry of the Union Government in those years, had a meeting with the State Government and at that time, someone had rejected him in that meeting by saying that the KHADC should take away the VAB. from the Home Ministry.
Another thing that Bah Shangpliang saw with his own eyes when he came to the market was the garbage and smell of the market and he also expressed his concern about the condition of the market as it will affect the health of the people. heal the people.
May God bless you.
Shillong: U Bah Marbud Dkhar, Member of the Sur ka Bri U Hynniewtrep, today said that the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, has sent a message to the Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui. meeting with the leaders of the Sur ka Bri U Hynniewtrep, after the Puja.
You lead the way to witness without judgment.
Himalaya said that by doing so, there are minor issues that can be resolved only in the districts and this Review Meeting is the place to discuss these issues. lack of school buildings, lack of attendance, lack of teachers, and other problems and therefore we want to do this to listen and resolve in our respective districts.
The 100 days MGNREGS scheme across the state will be allowed to operate in compliance with protocols.
On the other hand, it was said that one of the problems of the herbalists is the lack of access to herbs from the forest due to the destruction of the forests and the government needs to do something about this.
If you enter the Main Secretariat, the Government is ready to improve and repair the same building that has already been built and the ground has been cleaned with tiles. rural villages because the roads are like forest roads and animal roads that are full of snow during the rainy season.
This is also a large project and will take about three or four years to complete and the government has allocated land in New Shillong, said Bah M Kharkrang.
On the UDP, it doesn't want to play politics and doesn't know and is willing to take advantage of the opportunities it has under the MDA government. It was a golden opportunity for the UDP to revive and strengthen the party to expand its wings in 2022-2
The counting of voters is not yet complete as they still have to wait for EVMs from remote areas. The Commissioner & Secretary in-charge of District Council Affairs (DCA) Tining Dkhar said that voters can rise.
In a statement sent by Samla F.Syiemiong General Secretary KSU Nongstoiñ Circle, said that the KSU Nongstoin Circle strongly opposes not only these members of the DC's house, but also the registration of candidates. According to the Election Commission's list of voters in West Khasi Hills District, hundreds of foreigners have been given the opportunity to register to vote. without the knowledge of the Village Authorities.
I'm so happy.
Speaking on the many traffic accidents that happen from day to day, Bah Metbah urged the residents to be careful while driving, to provide their documents and to follow the He said that the opening of the DTO office in Mairang will ensure that the rules and regulations of the Transport Department are followed. all the residents for the safety and security of the drivers, passengers and all the residents.
Prestone Tynsong said that the change of ministers in the Cabinet is due to the cleverness of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
Roykupar said that we expect and understand that when we do something to protect the country and the nation, the people see and if the people are with the party we are not afraid and we are not afraid. these are the rules.
For 40 (sawphew) years we have agreed to rule ourselves, but we have not reached anywhere.
Hundreds of trucks carrying illegal cattle to Bangladesh were seized during the raid.
Therefore, the Shnong strongly condemns this illegal act.
He participated in the Vadya Darshan organized by the Sangeet Natak Academy, New Delhi in 2002 and also participated in the second phase of the Thoh Shun International Art Camp 2006 held at Cherrapunjee (Sohra). , East Khasi Hills District, Meghalaya.
Rambrai, June 28: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKPP) Rambrai Circle on Tuesday visited Marwa Village to confirm the new unit in Marwa Village. Robert Benison Wahlang Chief Organizer FKJGP Rambrai Circle.
“18 persons were arrested from Mawkynroh and 8 persons from Kynton Massar,” said Bah Basaiawmoit. They said that they have a challan but they have not yet brought their challan and work permit.
“If Conrad approves the CBI investigation into the Mukroh incident, then he should also approve the CBI investigation into various corruption cases in the state,” Erwin said.
“It's time to go to Bah Let.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Ransom Sutnga said that the participation of more than 300 children shows an example of how this competition has been a success. He also learned how many difficulties the organizers have faced in promoting this kind of sport in the state especially when they cannot get any assistance or support from the government.
He directed the relevant authorities and teachers to strengthen their education in accordance with the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP)-2
Ronnie from the Congress party, which has five MLAs, has been recognized by the Speaker of the House as the Leader of the Opposition. as opposition leader.
The meeting was presided over by Bah P Kharngi, Headmaster and prayed by Rev N Lymba, welcome speech by Tymmen Basan H Kharumnuid. The school was formed by the leaders of the Thynroit Women's Assembly.
Former General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Bah Hamlet Dohling today opened the football tournament organized by the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle South West Khasi Hills. The theme of the Maitshaphrang Under 16 Football League 2023 was held at the MDSA Mawkyrwat Stadium.
This is a question that perhaps the countries of the world will have to answer quickly, if they really intend to follow the footsteps of man on the Moon.
These include BCA Cloud Technology and Information Security, BCA Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, BBA International Business, BBA Digital Marketing and E-commerce and B.Com Accounting Analysis.
There was also a DJ and dance show by the Phoenix group.
When asked by the organizers of the celebration whether Dr. Don has informed them that he will not be able to attend, they replied that he has not informed them and that is why they are waiting. Even the seat that was prepared for him to sit next to Dr. Mukul Sangma was not allowed to be seated by others because he arrived late but until the end of the programme he did not appear at all.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 9: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District today released the list of voters who have reached the age of 18 years by 1st July 2022 for the three elections. There are 32 constituencies in Nongtoin, 33 in Rambrai and 34 in Mawshynrut.
UP School and Lower Primary School were awarded the prizes.
The Forum also hopes that the festival will be held in a peaceful and orderly manner.
He said that besides major water supply projects, the government has also taken steps to identify and maintain catchment areas.
Second is the lack of candidates who were “ih" elected.
On the other hand, Skhemtriang Pohti sent a letter dated 9th July 2020 to the Dolloi that the meeting of 25 members elected Kliarbha Sana as the Waheh Shnong (not as the Acting Waheh Shnong).
He said the urgent demand now is to get a Government College and if he is elected he will fight hard to get a Government College.
This PHC is the only one in Umkiang area and covers many villages in Narpuh District from Hingaria Huroi to Ratacherra.
“It doesn't depend on the number of MLAs, it depends on the decision of the people and so we feel that once we have come out to contest, we have to move forward and it is up to the people to decide whether we win or lose,” he said. he said.
Therefore, to create a full-fledged Lokayukta, without amending the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act, 2014, means that in all cases, there should be a chairman and four members and 50% of them should be members of the judiciary.
One of them overturned at Shangbangla village, while the other overturned at one of the places leading to Umlling, which is also the village where the government has installed the Weigh Bridge.
However, even though they have been stripped of their power and promoted in front of the people, they don't understand their own position.
Human relationships are closely related to mutual assistance and mutual assistance in thinking about how to develop and equalize people whether in poverty or in trade.
The Priest of the Lord
He also praised the Synod and the School for accepting children with disabilities and children with disabilities and believed that this will be a great lesson for mankind. man.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 02: It will be of great benefit to the students of Meghalaya and even to the students of the North Eastern States of India. A Private Ayurvedic Medical College has been opened in Baridua, Khanapara to accommodate students who wish to study Ayurvedic. The Private Ayurvedic Medical College, Meghalaya has decided to admit students who wish to study at the University of Science and Technology, Meghalaya. Commission for Indian System of Medicine (NCISM), Ministry of Ayush Department.
Archbishop Most Rev Victor Lyngdohm was accompanied by the Priests, three members of the Union of Elders, Women's Union and ICYM of Jowai including Rev. Hilarius Lamare, Vicar General. Jowai Diocese and other priests.
This reporter learned that the reason why the shops selling cows in the market have closed is because they don't have cows to cut meat and some of them still have to cut meat. They had already cut down the trees because they didn't have enough cows to cut them down.
Buyers should also think carefully before buying because it is not useful to stir when the milk is hot.
Together with the North Eastern States, NESO also held a protest in Shillong to condemn the inability of the Government of India to end the bloodshed in Manipur which has reached seven days. for 3 months.
He plays kick boxing, martial arts and mixed martial arts.
Speaking to media, u Bah Kyrmen said that the Social Welfare Department has not issued any order that people who are ethnic minorities have the right to get ST status but the order The purpose is to expedite the issuance of ST syrnot to those who are entitled to receive it.
From a small village to a population of nearly 1,50,000 according to the 2011 Census and perhaps it will reach 2 lakh now after 7 years.
Speaking to reporters, Rani said the department has already informed that the total cost of treatment for drug addicts in Meghalaya from 2010 – 2023, is T .9.28 crore.
The Sports Department will also provide land for the NEUFC at Mawkhanu, East Khasi Hills to build a Residential Football Academy for the training of the NEUFC team and also for the players. football in the State.
However, there are still many pending tasks for the government to implement its promises to teachers in various categories of schools.
“The Political Affairs Department will start preparing the timetable and the rules for the investigation from tomorrow,” he said.
The case was filed on 27/01/2
This inability of God to do everything does not mean that He has stopped doing His divine duty. Shlesinger also says that God cannot provide for the needs of each person. creation, and God's inability to grant that kind of desire to man is the same as His inability to create the greatest integer in the world.
The Financial Accounts show the revenues and expenditures of the Government for the year, together with the financial activities reflected by the revenue and capital accounts, public debt and public account balances in its accounts.
After this, the Speaker of the House, Thomas A. Sangma requested Bah Adelbert Nongrum to withdraw his proposal.
He said that such matters are matters of life and death and without discussion or resolution it cannot happen.
Shillong, Naitung 07 : The Minister of State for Political Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Thursday urged the Voice of the People Party (VPP) not to waste time on political parties. not related to the State Reservation Policy.
Shillong: The KHNAM has sought clarification from the Chief Secretary of the State, Donald Philips Wahlang, on the arrival of the Expert Committee appointed by the government. to read more about the Reservation Policy or the Terms.
The new vote will be held on 23rd June
This shows the lack of respect and respect for the Block and District Leaders by the MPCC,” said KBCC Secretary Bah Rimistar Dkhar.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said the government understands the concern of Bah Ardent and is now ready to set up more Police Outposts on the border with Assam and will upgrade them to that police station.
Tonning said that during the preparation for the MDC election, many criticisms have been made against him by others who have accused him of being a BPL candidate but On his part, he said that this allegation is false and has not been investigated.
Prominent leaders of the state who attended the final included the Minister of State for Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri, MLA of Mawlai, Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang, Secretary General of the Ministry of Sports and Youth Affairs. BFI Hemanta Kumar Kalita and Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association John F Kharshiing, among others.
Shillong, March 27: The Nongstoin Block Congress Committee (BNC) has confirmed that the ticket of the Congress party for the mid-term elections to be held on the 21st of November will go directly to Dr. Adviser Pariong.
It was also informed that the Dorbar has not banned those who come in need by informing the Village Leaders or Kher Leaders before they come.
The Hynniewtrep Border Disputes Redressal Forum (HBDRF) recently urged the State Government not to sign any Soskular with the Assam Government if it refuses to return the border disputes. Block-I is in Meghalaya.
On economic development, he said, “I don't want to criticize anyone but my entry into politics is to bring about change.
Shillong, Lber 24 : The Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, today donated 1.30 lakh tyngka to two teams and two youths from the constituency to take part in the Wushu and Kurash competitions. who shall be out of state.
“She added that if we have to fight, let us support the government.
“I don't have any reason with anyone in the village, but it's only with the Syiem and some contractors and the reason why they hate me is because I'm looking for RTI,” he said. fine.
“The rules of the UGC Model CRR clearly state that if a university needs staff, it must notify the University Grants Commission (UGC) for the allocation of funds. “The Selection Committee will sit down to conduct the necessary interview,” said Prof Lakhon. “However, the Vice Chancellor has not followed these rules. He said that Rohit Prasad was appointed after he did not accept the online interview after the approval of the Executive Council.
The college has been constructed with the funding of RUSA 1.0 New Professional College and is expected to open soon.
The meeting will discuss the meeting of the Seng with the State Project Director regarding the outstanding demands of the SSA teachers and other issues.
“In the middle of July, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has proceeded to conduct the tests in collaboration with pharmaceutical companies and there we have produced the tests, which are essential to find out the cause. to this disease,” said Kang.
Irani also launched the Handmade Bazaar, a market for handicraft makers.
Those who saw the mistake of these flag bearers on Twitter, suggested that they read well and think carefully in geography.
They live there only to earn money, while the nation is getting worse every day.
It is for this reason that the Rangbah Shnongs we elect should be literate and able to communicate freely with the BDOs, MLAs and Ministers to advocate for the village. .
He said the government has to act according to the laws.
The death toll in France has risen to 112 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total to
When I have not heard from Lambha, I feel sorry for the victims, I also send my condolences to their families.
According to the group's complaint, the investigation relates to an incident that happened in 2016 after a complaint was received against the directors of Rajput Retail Ltd (RRL).
“If he hasn't said anything about these areas, it means that he himself has declared that these areas belong to Assam but why does he accuse us now,” he said when asked by the Leader of the Opposition. right to this.
After Salman was threatened again on Monday, a complaint was lodged with the Mumbai police who took action and investigation revealed that a 16-year-old boy was involved.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said that more than 250 farmers from the North East have taken part in the exhibition. and hotel operators from across India.
Similarly, regarding Prannoy's journey to the quarterfinals, reports say that he will have to play better in order to meet Japanese Kenta Nishimoto again.
This night can be clearly seen from Pommura on the present Shillong-Jowai road.
“I urge the supporters of the National People's Party (NPP), VPP, UDP and HSPDP to unite to support the Congress. “We can contest against the BJP,” said Bah Pala in his election campaign speech in Jowai.
He said that about 30% of the population has a shortage of electricity but this is another part.
Furthermore, the union has received information that the management of NEIGHRIMS wants to release the result of the examination immediately although the documents of the candidates have not been verified yet. that's confused.
In Shillong, Daraplang Thangkhiew scored the first goal for Umrit in the 34th minute before Umkseh scored the first goal through Rilangstar Umdor (60min).
“If we can really imitate his lifestyle, one day our Khasi youth will shine and grow and will no longer be like those who used to be a few years ago when they lost “It's all about the opportunities that have been created for them,” said Bah RG Lyngdoh.
“Although we have received this hostel, we regret that we don't have our own office for the benefit of the 7 dorbars,” said Bah Glanding Lyngdoh.
The authority of old age has increased over the children.
Merry Christmas.
According to Acts 9:3-4, “As he came near Damascus, suddenly a light from heaven flashed around him.
Many AAP MLAs, including Manish Sisodia, Deputy Chief Minister of Delhi, tweeted the same statement. world, but, I am afraid, when there are writings in my own country"
The witnesses immediately informed the Police and the Fire & Emergency Services but unfortunately the police did not arrive until the victims. They had to go to the Police Station and call the Fire Brigade themselves until it took them less than 2 hours to reach the scene.
Shah said PACS used to look after agricultural lending, but now PACS have been linked to micro ATMs and Kisan Credit Cards.
The surprising thing is that even in the urban areas, many places have been destroyed.
“We have decided to hold an indefinite strike from October 24 until our demands are met.
On the other hand, the President of the NPP, Dr JW Dkhar, who has been the President of the NPP since 2018, expressed his condolences and said. “Since 2018 onwards we have tried and we have worked hard and we have seen that the party has grown and developed well, but, it is sad to say that as party office bearers we have to leave. “After the party has given the ticket to the candidate, we don't have any objection to the ticket, but the only thing is that we don't have any understanding with the candidate,” he said. He said that those who left the NPP today have nothing to do with the leaders and members of the NPP Khliehriat Constituency, but only with the Sutnga Saipung Constituency.
He said that in meetings with government officials, they have asked whether the health department has jobs or not, the answer is that it is necessary, but why do they leave? those who are already there, why don't they restore those who are in this work?
This was taken after the decision was taken in the presence of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamlet Dohling, DGP. , Police Officers, Principal Secretary Urban Department, Bah DP Wahlang, CEO Shillong Municipal Board and others.
He added that besides the shortage of beef in the State due to smuggling to Bangladesh, the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department should take action and arrest those involved immediately.
Konthoujam Bishan Singh from Manipur won the Open men's category in 2 hours, 28 minutes and 25 seconds. .
The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) on Tuesday announced the results of the SSLC and Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC-Arts) examinations.
In this regard, the union relies on the wisdom of the authorities to do what is necessary because we need the road but the health center also comes first in the lives of the people. If you visit this hospital, you will not be able to do anything.
The MDA 2.0 government will take what it has done in the past five years and fulfill the remaining promises.
Dr Aman said that on 1st June, the Project Director of MACS had written a letter to the DHS (MI) requesting permission to use the rooms of NIFT and the office had given permission. you can't go to the door.
The driver of the bus has been arrested since the 30th and action has been taken against him according to the provisions of the law. they were together when they were children.
He said that the demand of Bah Ardent to change the Reservation Policy has received strong support and if the government orders to call for talks it could lead to unpleasant incidents. but for the peace and order in Shillong and the state as a whole.
Recently, the SDDF has appointed new office bearers where the Syiem of Sohra Hima, Pa'iem Freeman Sing Syiem has been appointed as the Chairman and Bah Banlam Lyngdoh as the Secretary.
The Catholic Church today held a procession of the Eucharist in Shillong.
He said that to fight for those who have money, party leaders should come every month to the candidate's house and act in front of the candidate as if they are leading leaders who can convince and get thousands of votes.
It is expected that this scheme will benefit 10,000 poor and small farmers and also to increase the production of pork and beef in the state.
When asked about the ringing, Kristopher Khonglah said that he used to produce short videos and it was the song Shynnam Shynnam that he made with the support of Samla Amos Suting. The editing is done by Amos and Christopher Khonglah.
Noting that Meghalaya and Assam are within one country, Mukul said it is necessary to understand that the areas where the border has been discussed have been inhabited by our ancestors since ancient times. people of Meghalaya who have the responsibility to protect and preserve their land.
However, now we see that all these appointments of Chairman or Co Chairman, Vice Chairman are only to please and please the political parties and for their own benefit and not to serve the people while the cost of services and salaries of them. had to be drawn from the public purse.
In this regard, police conducted a search operation on the bus at Nongpoh and seized it.
The Delhi government has extended the curfew for another 10 months due to the rapid increase in the number of cases of coronavirus in the state.
“Because we are still waiting for his brother who is coming back from Goa, we have decided as a family that the funeral will be held on Friday 5th March,” said the mother of Wanboklang. and that the last rites will be performed at his residence in Traw Saitkhlieh.
If repentance is preached to such people, they will say, "How can I repent when I have not sinned since I was a child?"
He gave an example of the theme of SACYM from the Gospel of Luke which explains that Mary was ready to give her life for God.
Shillong: The rainfall in Shillong in the last 24 hours has reached 71.3mm.
He said that he will leave for Delhi to distribute the fertilizers to the farmers of the State and will meet with the Minister in charge of Agriculture in the coming days. to the people will soon arrive.
Employment in factories and workplaces covered by the N.I.Act, 1881, including shops, those who have to shift work, employees, and residents of Sohiong, even if they work outside the They too shall be entitled to leave and shall be paid for that day, as stipulated in Section 135B of the Representation of the People Act,
After half an hour, Khliehïongriang managed to turn the tide through Founder Passah in the 34th minute to equalize until the end of the first half.
“If they breed or want to sell or die, we will find out the reason and I have not heard this news yet, but I will direct the Veterinary Department to investigate into this matter,” he said. added.
Lord's Mark Biotech, the only company that can market Tinefcon, is training teachers across the country on how to sell it based on science and has also conducted a strong public outreach through social media.
After winning the toss, Myntdu captain Dippu Ch Sangma decided to wait for the ball and his team beat all the wickets of the Panthers for 99 runs in 15.1 overs.
Deiwaemitre Shylla of Sabahmuswang scored a hat-trick in the 10th, 18th and 20th minutes while Syiem Kyndait scored the second goal in the 17th minute.
The God of Love is increasingly portrayed in the New Testament in the person and life of Jesus Christ.
Two policemen, who were leading the minister, were injured in the overturning of the vehicle.
The Army said it is sorry to allow tourists to Lum Shyllong but it has to follow the rules and hopes that soon it will be as usual.
The death of Bah PJ Marbaniang occurred after the seizure of 32 illegal coal trucks on 24th July
New York: Joe Biden has been confirmed as the winner of the US presidential election and will oust Donald Trump from the White House in the coming days.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Lapang congratulated all the government departments in Ri-Bhoi for taking the responsibility to assist Mawphru in preparing for the Synod. his constituency who work closely with government departments.
In Assam, out of 27 districts, 9 districts have been covered by Bangladeshis and out of 126 constituencies, 60 have been covered by Bangladeshis.
Rode was listed as a terrorist under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and stayed in Pakistan after fleeing India.
When asked about the decision of the Central Government through the Defense Ministry to transfer the Civil Cantonment land in India to the Municipalities of the State Governments, Conrad said that in this State too, the work has now improved. The process for the return of the Civil Cantonment areas to the State Government except the Military Cantonment area, in which discussions are ongoing with the relevant authorities in this regard.
On one occasion she came to India and visited a Kyntoit slum.
The turnout in Gorakhpur was 47.45 per cent, while in Phulpur it was 37.39 per cent.
Shillong, March 16: U Ma Ioannis Thamar, of Ladthalaboh, Jowai, has lodged a complaint with the NGT. The Governor of Meghalaya has appointed 17 MLAs as Parliamentary Secretaries in the MUA government in Meghalaya. Therefore, the Governor of the State has been directed to implement Article 192 and to cancel the membership of those who hold the revenue office.
#NewJammuKashmir”.
You have written above that a Khasi woman who marries a Dkhar will lose her children, inside you say that the law prohibits the marriage of a Dkhar, in fact it does not prohibit the love of a Dkhar. shongkha dkhar, but it won't give st if they do that, you too have a dkhar husband, you are a son of a shipiah, remember if you marry your daughters to a dkhar you mean that you are cheating yourself and To all Khasi men, it means that the Khasi man doesn't have a job because your daughters have to marry foreigners.
Not only that, Chief Minister Shivraj Chouhan also washed the feet of Dashmat Rawat.
YBSC FC Shella won the title in extra time through Emerson Nongrud in the 101st minute after a goalless draw in 90 minutes.
The Assam government has promised to cooperate and has agreed that a special investigation team, such as the CBI, will investigate into the incident,” he said.
The welcoming ceremony was also attended by Prestone Tyngsong, Symbud Chief Minister, Minister of State, Macmillan Byrsat MLA, Ampareen Lyngdoh MLA, Mahindro Rapsang MLA and others. Bajop Pyngrope MDC Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency.
Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed.
The epicenter of the earthquake was in Dhalai district of Tripura.
He hoped that the second phase of the border talks would be able to resolve the border disputes.
In response, Lawsohtun tied for 102 runs after 15.4 overs for the loss of four wickets, which led the team to win the match by six wickets.
When asked about the Mawlai C&RD Block, Embhah said he would ask to meet with the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma to discuss the matter as in fact it has been scheduled to open now. moon.
The FKJGP also demanded to repair the floor of the Center in Sangriang and also the streets which have been destroyed which can no longer be left alone, as well as especially the outdoor areas which have been filled with people. with land until until it is not suitable for use yet.
The construction of this road from Mawsyrpat to Wah Tyrsung and PWD Nonglang has been a great blessing to the people of the area especially to facilitate traffic. to relieve traffic jam during the Synod service as this road has become much easier to reach Mawshynrut Block.
The National People's Party (NPP) has started promising and deceiving the people by creating jobs and employing up to 5 lakh youth if the National People's Party (NPP) gets back to form the government. to create jobs and employ up to 5 lakh people while only 5,000 jobs except for existing jobs have not been appointed and filled by the state government. Now, it is difficult to produce and employ up to 500,000 jobs, this is just a trick to win elections to deceive the people that there is no other way to speak, This was a promise in the wilderness that the people should be wise and understanding and should not be misled.
“At the same time, I request the government to provide a little more assistance in the need for schemes in these border areas. within the Hima Nongspung.
On the part of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, he congratulated the President for being able to attend the opening ceremony of the tournament. Tura for the opening of this biggest tournament in the State.
Kharbyngar is also a referee of the Shillong Referees Association.
The union has also learned that according to the project plan, there will be about 2 tunnels with a length of 6 km each and many bridges with a height of 100 meters. The project will be one of the benefits to the people and will take time,” said the statement.
The MDC also raised the issue of the illegal tax collection of thousands of rupees from the agricultural products of the people living on the border by the people and the Assam police. He did not do anything after he had sent letters to the Prime Minister many times.
The ship left Ghalib on Tuesday (July 6) and was scheduled to return on Sunday.
The fact is that the word Skul is not used equally.
When cutting the seeds to plant in the garden, care should be taken so that the soil does not stick to the stems, otherwise the seeds may die.
It is expected that the start of passenger services will be from June,
I am surprised to see that the Deputy CM, Bah Sngiawbhalang Dhar and our Honorable CM have set a deadline of 6 months to close the dam within 6 months, and the promise to help only the employees of this factory whose names are in The Register is not complete, because there are no pensioners, and the Register is not complete, because there are no pensioners, and many people have suffered from this factory. .
At present, we have not taken any decision regarding the MP election,” said UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawethoh.
“There are rules of the village for the appointment of residents and the NOC has been issued with the approval of the Dorbar Shnong,” said LD Lakiang, Waheh Shnong Ladthadlaboh.
The 1st Division Football League 2024 will be played between Mylliem SC and Laitkor SC at 2:15 pm.
However, she and her husband in 2019, wanted to have a larger family and therefore wanted to have another child and for this reason she went for IVF. She said that after she went to the North Las Vegas CVS to buy prescription medicines, the pharmacists at the pharmacy gave her Misoprostol. After taking these medicines, the woman felt pain in her stomach and when she went to the hospital it was found that her children had died because of These are the medicines that you have bought from the shop.
What is needed now is to strengthen the already strong sector and to discipline to develop from any sector that can divide and divide the nation.
According to him, the Central Government has assisted all the states whether it is in the construction of classrooms in various colleges, whether it is in providing training and others.
These suppliers have expressed their dissatisfaction with the behavior of the department and suspected that there may be something behind it which has led to the behavior of the suppliers. The price of the quotation is submitted by the supplier on the day of opening.
Because outside the border of Hynniewtrep, we don't use it.
Six Chief Ministers of the Congress Party, including Capt.
Samla Joiningstar said that besides this, there are still some places where you can steal and want to escape from the hands of doctors.
Throughout the journey to the land of Canaan, through the hardships and trials in the wilderness and elsewhere, this group of slaves continued to transform and renew themselves.
The MNKDC said that the government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has appointed staff nurses at the PHC and urged the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to appoint doctors and other staff so that the PHC can provide more services. provide a full service.
The Seng has demanded that security guards should be deployed at this place along with caretakers to avoid illegal entry and exit.
WHO chief Tedros said that those who stay away from home are in good health, but if they have symptoms, they will be quarantined. it is a way to prevent the spread of the disease.
The Constitution also directs the ECP to complete and complete these duties within 120 days.
However, there are other states like Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Odisha and West Bengal where the people do not want to change the rule of law and are happy when they are ruled for 20 years by the same parties.
Nagaland's Nei Zekho, who used to bat like Ma Nish, took seven wickets for 15 runs while Hem took 4/2
Mason Mount is also in doubt to play for England in the Euro 2024 qualifier against Ukraine on 9 November.
People should not live and sleep on the streets, in garbage dumps, on bridges or behind shops and refugees should also have adequate shelter.
He said that it is the duty of everyone to help the youth to develop their talents because the strength of the state depends on the youth who know their talents and know how to implement them in the right place.
At the same time, the Principal said that there is not enough space inside the school to store the medicines and from now on he will not be able to store many medicines because there is not enough space.
Earlier, Rambrai MLA KP Pangniang said that the party will win easily in the constituency and this is certain. shah is not available.
Although they have received clarity, in the experience of union members they feel that they would like to receive more clarification on the roster system.
Nongstoin, Nailar 11: About 30 villages in Langpih area and villages in the border area with Assam, are still facing many problems in terms of development works and especially these villages. In this regard, the MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, Bah KP Pangniang, today visited the Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency. The EE of MeECL has decided to talk to the MeECL chief to do something for these 30 villages.
Speaking at the meeting, Mahua Mitra expressed her gratitude to the people of Mawkyrwat Constituency who attended the meeting and at the same time said that since the The meeting with Bah Sounder Strong Cajee shows his confidence to become the leader of the people through the All Meghalaya Trinamool Congress Party (AMTC) in the 2023 MLA election from 36-Mawkyrwat Constituency. .
Logistics problems are still disappearing while the country's logistics industry is still outpacing other countries.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Hindro Samakha Chairman of the Managing Committee. All the members of the M/C were present along with the students and teachers of the Upper Primary School. of the village.
The meeting was attended by the Vice-Chancellor, Registrar, Dean of Students Welfare, Proctor, Security Officer, and Warden of Hostel No.
Shun also has the ability to reduce iron toxicity in rice fields.
“In most of the villages in urban and rural areas, the Rangbah Shnongs are government employees and even in the rural areas there are many Rangbah Shnongs.
Family life and peace and order should be respected as the rights of private individuals, even if political parties or candidates violate the private interests and private affairs of anyone in politics.
The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 3.86 lakh in the past 24 hours, the highest number of cases in India so far.
The MTOSA has demanded from the district authorities to relocate the BSF check post in front of the bridge.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that their efforts will be to resolve the no confidence motion against the Speaker of the House. On the other hand, the political parties in the MDA government are united and will pass this in the House.
Who has come to destroy the land so far?
Shillong: The Seng Khasi Kmie Shillong, today announced to all the participants from various branches of the Khasi Seng of Hynniewtrep Hills, Shillong that it has postponed the participation programs as scheduled. and the Tymmen exhibition scheduled to be held from the 6th to the 19th of this month at the Seng Khasi Mawkhar at the same place and time as scheduled and the time and place will be the same.
She encouraged the youth to work hard and take up interesting jobs in companies and private sector and urged everyone to follow their dreams.
Therefore, when he saw that other parties he had joined in the past could not take a decision even if the ship of the nation sank, he did not hesitate to form his own new party together with the lecturers. Professors and other Lyndan Kynrem thinkers in the name of the Voice of the People (VPP).
He asked whether the Government will suspend the fishing competitions, not only in West Khasi Hills but also in other districts, until the rules and regulations are issued. that such incidents will not happen again as they endanger the lives and health of the people.
“It is unacceptable for the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma to claim from time to time that education is the top priority of the Government despite the status of the State. continue to decline according to the Performance Grade Index (PGI) of the Ministry of Education of the Union Government.
During the programme, the Police also performed a short drama on the involvement of youth in drugs and which has caused destruction in the family and society.
The Pastor said, “Ardent cannot explain to me, nor can I explain to him”.
He said that in the past years, the group has tried to seek the cooperation of the PHE office, in which it has provided juti but and gloves to wear when collecting garbage. .
In 2023, the festival will be held in October.
At the time of writing, Banrikynti is in shock because the Dorbar Shnong has not come forward to help her and to judge fairly on this unfounded charge.
These visitors are called tourists.
At 10.00 pm, a Holy Mass was held with Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, Bishop of Jowai Diocese, as the chief guest.
Secy FKJGP, Central Body.
During the first meeting inside his office, the MSAO leaders discussed the programs that have been worked together between the sports department of the federation.
Residents of the area have alleged that members of ULFA-I were involved in the abduction of Dinesh from a petrol station owned by Jenia Namchoom. member of the Zilla Parishad (ZPM).
Police from the Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) of East Jaintia Hills on Thursday morning seized 559.76 grams of heroin and arrested two persons from parts of the village. Nongsning, EJH: The Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills, Jagpal Dhanoa in a statement said that after receiving a tip, the ANTF has seized two vehicles. tourists from Mizoram on suspicion of smuggling illegal beverages.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Public Account Committee (PAC) of the Legislative Assembly has summoned the Deputy Commissioner of Nongpoh to appear before the Legislative Assembly to answer the question of the wrong payment of money to non-owners. land in the acquisition of land for the airport at Umroi.
Therefore, all the residents are requested to be careful and vigilant by refraining from touching the electricity post or climbing the post of this line bording.
SMART METER PROJECT IN OUR STATE. In the past few months and days we have received information through the media that the Power Department of the State through MeECL has introduced a project to install. More than 2 lakh such smart meters in our State starting from Shillong and other places.
A government without respect, without parents, without respect for those who teach, a government without fools, without a head, pays a salary to the toilet cleaner San Shah rather than to the teacher.
He said that this construction will be a blessing to the farmers who used to suffer in the rainy days, but they have received this house. They will see how the construction will continue, because now only the first floor has been built.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: U Union Minister of State for Water Resources, Ram Kripal Yadav today visited the Mawphlang Dam.
The winners of the painting competition were Wanhi-I Challam of Synod Mihngi Higher Secondary School.
Five of them died at Soni Hospital in Hisar, the report said.
It is estimated that all these cost Rs 1,300 crore.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, today announced to close down the shops which have violated the rules and regulations by not covering their mouths. It is from Gold Cinema to Lad Umsohsun, Shani Mandir to Bimola Point.
One also depends on how the candidates come to contest against them.
Man can distinguish one creature from another, knows good and evil, fears blood and earns righteousness.
The union strongly condemns the government through the Department of Environment and Forest and the MSPCB, it is the legislators who have violated the Environment Protection Act 1986, for their silence on this incident. which has not happened since 2007.
Clear information through discussions between the Deputy Commissioners and the State Response Team, along with the meetings of the Cabinet of Ministers of the State has enabled for quick and efficient information dissemination.
Whether he will go to heaven or not we cannot say because it depends only on his relationship with God.
I also request the MDCs to forget about their party by working together if we introduce new policies, we will be able to bring back the power and dignity of the council for the proper implementation of the laws. rule in accordance with the powers conferred by the Constitution of the country through the Sixth Schedule.
This is the third heaviest rainfall of
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 23: The Chief Minister's District Level Under-12 Years Football Tournament 2023 organized by the District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District has come to an end on Tuesday. Pyndenkynshliah Lower Primary School for Men and Nineset Secondary School for Women were the winners of the tournament which was held at Saitsnad Square, Mawlangwir.
"We will soon be able to find out the truth about the incident," said the SP. The Chief Minister, Pinarayi Vijayan, has urged the people to refrain from going near rivers, traveling through hilly areas and going to the beaches.
The search operation will continue until tomorrow.
On the border in Block-I, he said that it is the right of the Jaintia people and the residents of that area also want to include them in the State. you are in the council.
“They (Congress) oppose, we support and we have held flag raising and posters around the city like Motphran, Khyndai Lad,” said BJYM President Egenstar Kurklang. sun.
“We are still working to find a way out of the fire.
He said that it is no longer appropriate for NEIGRIHMS to retain the name of a hospital (and should be removed) and a complaint should be lodged with the Medical Council of India (MCI).
"It's up to the fish to die," Bremley said, adding that if the radiation exceeds 100 counts per minute, it can cause cancer. However, through its 360 counts, it has become a fourfold threat.
The question is whether Akhilesh Yadav, son of Mulayam Singh Yadav, will continue to hold the post of Chief Minister of the state. Your party has been appointed by Modi.
This gratitude, they admitted, had brought them back into the program of the old faith.
“This is not my opinion but it is according to the Public Information Act, which clearly states about the agreement,” said Bah Dohling. The UDP should not reveal where the decision was taken.
The owner fled the scene and police are looking to arrest him.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Secretary Kobid Lahon said the union strongly condemns the passage of the Bill as it is a threat to the people of Assam and the region. .
The Department of Drinking Water and Sanitation (DDWS) is conducting Swachh Bharat Diwas-2022 on 2nd March at Vigyan Bhawan, New Delhi.
Ardent was speaking at an election campaign rally at Mawkhar on Thursday evening to seek the support of the people of North Shillong constituency to win the party candidate, Bah Adelbert Nongrum. The MLA elections will be held on the 27th of this month.
Meanwhile, Davis NR Marak said that the law and order situation in Shillong has improved, but the district authorities have not lifted the night curfew due to the suspicion that there are still people who do not want to that the issue of the metor will be resolved.
Cable TV operators in Nepal have banned the broadcasting of Indian television news since yesterday and only Doordarshan will be allowed.
(2) Those who feel that it is not necessary because the Gospel of Christmas is for the good of society – Good Governance.
The Union also congratulates the KHADC for its continued monitoring of other issues facing the people.
" say the players.
The DSC should be clean in its management to ensure the safety of job seekers, because as job seekers have reported in recent years, the seals of questions have already been opened.
On receiving information from the intelligence teams, the troops checked the CCTV camera duty, where they saw two smugglers walking to the International Border with borni plates.
Caralyn Khongwar Deshmukh explained that the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra is part of the campaign to inform the public about the various schemes provided by the Government of India through various government offices in the country. the State and Districts for the benefit of the private sector, the people in their homes and communities and the region as a whole.
Leaders of the Khasi Students Union of Narpuh, Waheh Shnongs of Narpuh and the residents have vowed that if the government and NHAI remain silent they will have to come out again to hold a mass protest for the road.
India's defeat came through Ereleta Memeti's spectacular performance to lead Kosovo to nine points from three games, while India came in second place. and after scoring 6 points.
He said the policy to be introduced is from primary to higher education.
Tyllilang Basketball Academy beat Jaguars 47-25 points.
“In the book they explain about Jesus Christ and how to explain only about Jesus Christ, our religious books should also be included,” he said.
KJP Synod West KJP Synod East All Schools Publication 1234 798 2032Teachers 6836 5633 12469Male Students 70135 46311 1164455Female There are 262,441 students in Public Schools in the country.
They expect more than 20,000 devotees to take part in the procession.
We have called Bah Shakliar Warjri but he has not answered the call,” said Bah Risinius.
Today's kidnapping is the first of the new year.
Therefore, the team will have to play against these teams in the tournament and it will be a tougher match now than in four years. but as a team we will stand firm to fight well in every step of the way.
Shillong, March 24: A few months before the expiry of the term of office of the state government due to the upcoming elections for the new leadership and the drafting of the Model Code of Conduct, four civil society organizations including the HYC, HANM, JSM, EJNC and CoRP have launched a mission called “Save Hynniewtrep Mission” to demand that the government should implement the 9 issues of the state, namely the ILP, the Iewmawlong area. , and others.
In fact, in the North East, the involvement of the authorities is very high.
Then God sent rain on the earth with fire and brimstone.
UPS, Mukhaialong has won the title of Best Discipline School.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh welcomed all the athletes from all the states and expressed his happiness to be able to attend the opening ceremony of the tournament.
This certificate is required for all along with the affidavit and other required documents that the registrants have to fill through the website of the CAA portal. citizens of india have to explain.
Speaking to media, Hek said the last Lok Sabha elections in Meghalaya witnessed a struggle between the NPP, Congress and the Voice of the People. Party (VPP).
She was 67 years old.
Otherwise, it will remain like this for decades, because if the border between these two states is resolved, Assam will never work.
Subham Ghosh scored the second goal in the 17th minute after a strong response from Langsning.
Sib Singh HSS won 13 Gold Medals, 10 Silver Medals and 8 Bronze Medals.
“As the teachers have to wait for the examination due to the SSLC and HSSLC examinations, we have decided to replace every five teachers per day so that it will not affect the examination of the students.
When there are any complaints to the agencies or independent departments, Prestone said that they write letters to the government departments to ask for clarification.
“We don't know the new scheme, but what the government has allocated for the MCH Hospital Nongstoiñ will be itss, and we don't like that the equipment from this hospital will be taken away,” he said. said Kong A Kharsyniew, one of the longkmie from Nongstoiñ area and added that if the government and the relevant authorities use the force to carry the goods, they too will not refuse to take the force. to close the hospital.
At the same time, he appealed to the people who have caught the fish to think twice before eating it because it is impossible to know what kind of drugs those wicked people have brought. this is because even the snake dies.
The magistrates and police were shocked and understood their mistake and rushed to the area to close down shops and drive away the people.
When asked whether it is because of the coal blockade in Jaintia Hills, the writer said, “Sha ngi, we will not talk anymore, they “The shops selling medicines, which used to sell T.10-15,000 a day, now sell only T.500 or T.1,000,” he said.
In a statement, the Additional Superintendent of Police, Khliehriat, Bah B Jyrwa, MPS, said that on 30th November, they received a detailed information regarding the incident. and a man named Altaf Hussain who recently received these illegally hidden drugs inside his house at Dkhiah West village, Khliehriat in East Jaintia Hills District.
And also to teach them how to escape from bad habits by setting goals so that the future of another generation will be peaceful.
The seventh commandment, Bet is a strong medicine but the best medicine for allergic diseases, bacteria, viruses etc, for the live bet you can just use it little by little but for the poor. It is not allowed to eat or drink if it is mixed with ngap or fruit that is six months old or older.
It is to be recalled that this arrear has been promised by the Government since 2016, in a meeting with JACATAM at the Secretariat, Shillong.
Hiram asked himself. Less than two years passed and Aitilin gave birth.
On the other hand, the Jirang MLA, extended his best wishes to all those who have tested positive for COVID-19, to recover soon.
I don't want to demand a Hynniewtrep State,,,, but if I get my own state,,,, non-Hynniew Trep people have to come out,,, eg: Garo, Karbi, Bengali , and others except those who work in the government,,, Garo who get jobs in Hynniewtrep also have to leave,, eg.
“If we take alone since the arrival of the missionaries, our nation has been around for about 200 years.
She said that the statement of Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem to Bah Paul Lyngdoh does not agree because the UDP understands better what has been accepted by Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
They beat SAI Guwahati, Rangdajied United and North East United.
Mylliem SC beat 7 Wasa in the quarter final while Laban SC beat Boca Junior from Garo Hills in the quarter final. The winner of the semi final will face the strongest team of the tournament, Ryntih SC, for the title.
In Meghalaya, it is the first time that the Nationalist People's Party (NPP), a party recognized by the Election Commission of India (ECI) as one of the national parties, has contested the elections without producing ( issue) faithful to its manifesto.
Perhaps in old age it is not easy to read and study the things that are as precious as Heaven, but how blessed are those who have lived a life to spend a little time. in their youth to know and see about this truth.
“There are some leaders and supporters who are sorry for my loss of ticket, but I will support the candidate whom the party has given me the ticket,” said Rani.
She just might not be the only kind of person who talks in vain.
At the time of writing, no casualties have been reported from either side, as the bombing by US troops has begun in the eastern parts of the country.
Many of our friends don't understand this issue and some say that even if we live in Meghalaya or Assam, it doesn't matter, but our citizenship in that place is important.
The Prime Minister also clarified that the allegation by Ms Rngad that there is corruption in the money of the contractors is groundless and untrue.
“We are determined to bring about a better image of the Council,” said the CEM. According to the CEM, the Executive Committee (EC) is ready to formulate this appointment policy and it will be implemented. work immediately.
He also wished those who have been infected with the disease to recover.
The JSU also demanded that the government should not delay in submitting the report of the special committee which met on 26th November at the DHS office. The 108 employees should immediately release their salaries within 10 months and if they cannot release their salaries, the union will not hesitate to take action to help the 108 employees who have been deducted. Their right to earn money is violated.
General Secretary, JJA Russel Nongrum, who is also the editor of syllad.com, “We have never thought of getting recognition for our service in disseminating information to the public through journalism.
The visit of the people was one of the parts of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod Sepngi to expand its services to the people in need. in terms of health.
The ceremony was held at the Headquarters of the Home Guards and Civil Defense Department in Mawdiangdiang. The Chief Guest in the presence of the Director General, Kong I.Nongrang, Police Officers of the Home Guards and Civil Defense Department and others.
Infection is caused by bacteria that enter the mouth from contaminated food and drink or by touching the mouth with unclean hands or by using unclean handkerchiefs or blankets when eating.
There is a little bit of confusion but if there is no confusion, then since last year, our leaders have come here.
It is believed that these incidents were well planned, in which no individual would have been able to commit such a crime.
King David was not only famous, but also an example to the Jews and in his name the Jews tried to cleanse the Jewish blood by excluding and rejecting their fellow Jews who were clean.
So she went outside to look but she didn't see it. She came home and went to the bedroom and found that she was crying.
Recently, the KJBWA has strongly condemned three of its members, who allegedly violated the decision to stop buying cows from Khanapara.
On the other hand, the union requests the PHE (Electrical) Division to take action from time to time to clean up all the water tanks by painting and to inform the public about the cleaning day.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 29: The Waheh Shnongs and Secretaries of Narpuh District have protested against the reopening of the Toll Gate of the National Highway Authority of India. (NHAI) at Lumshnong has been closed for about three months.
With silver and gold (money and gifts) they have made idols-only to destroy themselves" (Hosea 8:4).
Taipei: More than 20 Chinese warplanes have flown into the airspace of Taiwan on the border, the Taipei government said.
Another reason why I see the shortcomings in the implementation of the ILP is what I see in one state in our region and that is Arunachal Pradesh.
“Allegations can be made from left and right, we know everything and there is absolutely nothing and I haven’t even seen that Video myself but still I assure you that I have nothing to do (with the allegation “As the elections are approaching, we expect that there will always be such allegations,” said the MDA Minister. more rumors and unsubstantiated false accusations and accusations will continue to surface in the coming days.
He said that 10 schools have already been constructed and sanctioned for the purpose of providing a new building for the convenience of the children and to provide a safe place to study from the rain and sun.
One of them is called “No Arms, No Legs, No Worries”.
The KSU stands firm on the ground that it will not allow the construction of a railway line in the State.
On the other hand, the Catholic Church will also hold a meeting to assist the Mizoram government to provide more rooms for the quarantine of youths who have returned from other states of India.
As one of the elderly who are almost 60 years old, I would like to share with you young people how you should walk, act and live in your youth.
“Since we got the district, it has been more than 10 years, when it comes to health, we are disappointed, because it is not enough.
Shillong, July 31: Police in East Garo Hills have conducted a raid in the barben forest of Bolkinggre, East Garo Hills, after the discovery of a strange object.
“You have come...” Bah Shanbor welcomed him. “Yes...” Let's go inside, Bah Shanbor was called to the living room. After a while, the Secretary started the work they had planned. in order to communicate with him.
Three MQ 81 Assault Rifles, 8 magazines of MQ 81,323 MQ 81 Ammunition: one 7.65 mm Pistol (Russian Made) and one magazine, one 0.22 rounds of ammunition were seized from the scene. mm (Factory Made) with magazine, 2 rounds of 0.22 Ammunition, 2 rounds of 7.65mm Ammunition, about 2 kilos of Gelatine explosive material, Cordex – 3 Mtrs (7 Pieces), 16 Detonators, Misc – ULFA(I) uniforms and many daily necessities, medicines including pouches and others.
In the first final of the women's category, Amlarem Government LP School beat Mukhla Grassroot Center 1-0
Shillong: The Umsohlang River Protection Group in collaboration with the Kyntonmassar Youth Association Mawlai Shillong has cleaned up the Umsohlang River on 27th November
Speaking to media, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh confirmed that there will be no interference from the Ministers in the Government regarding the tender of the companies to operate the 108 project.
However, Ramhah, who did not know anything, ate and drank and ran away after being hungry.
It is expected that it will be held next year.
Why don't we use our power as the owners of the State to treat those residents,” he said.
“I have also written an undertaking that the office will release funds for the construction of this house and I have asked them to deduct from my salary,” said Bah PN Syiem. The Rangbah Shnong has been stripped of his powers in the past years when he was the CEM of the Council.
One MLA who did not arrive yesterday may have been in need in the constituency, that he did not go to take part on that day.
“Until now, we have no agreement with the Congress although the party supports the Congress-led government and Prime Minister Mukul Sangma,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Shillong has held its State Level Round of the All India Quiz on Financial Literacy 2023 on the 10th of this month at Hotel Vivanta Shillong.
However, as time went by, there was a need for a medium that could be the source of all the needs and that was money.
There are about 3 lakh people in India who still practice the Tynrai religion.
This is the reason why the rivers turn into sewage drains and garbage dumps.
However, from now on, he said that he will not play matches outside Shillong, but will play only matches in Shillong like the Shillong Premier League and not the ISL or I League.
The earthquake occurred at 12 noon on the Shillong-Balat-Ranikor highway, at the Bakli road on the road to Ranikor.
Shillong: U Mukul Sangma, today met with DD Lapang in Delhi and asked him to withdraw his resignation letter, but Lapang refused. refused to back down from what he had already decided, the report said.
Due to the earthquake in 1897, many buildings in Shillong were destroyed and this was seen during the time of Swami's visit to Shillong. Shillong has 9,621 cases.
Police of Umkiang PP and Lumshnong Police Station also took action and were present at the scene.
I am one of the readers who like to read your news because only Rupang can update from time to time the necessary news, but please check the figures below that you say 12,000 people, because according to The total number of cases in Pakistan has risen to
This new office will ensure that the services of the Government will be efficient and will be delivered on time,” he said.
Dr HH Mohrmen expressed his gratitude to the Border Area Development Department through Rymbui who is the Minister in charge of this department for opening the door for the youth of this area to stand on their own feet. kjat and organization.
The court agreed to grant him bail and suspended the order for 30 days to allow him to appeal against it in the High Court.
Jowai: The counting of MDC votes in Jaintia Hills has been conducted smoothly without any incident.
In a statement, Sambormi Lyngdoh Publicity Secretary of the JSM strongly condemned the central government's indifference to the people of North East.
Ymlah leh eiei, Wei la mlien la myllen... Torture the people to stop the leaders, if not why don't they oppose anymore.
Bah Bindo said that the Umiam Lake has been filled with garbage and will soon turn into a garbage dump like a marten.
Atiq Ahmed, the most successful robber and one of the world's richest men, was shot dead at close range and admitted to police that he was one of those involved in the Inter-Services. Pakistan's intelligence services and the militant group Lashkar-e-Taiba.
Furthermore, the singer also wants to take up the singing industry as it used to be in the past.
Nongpoh: To express its dissatisfaction with the inspection by the border guards between Meghalaya and Assam, who visited the border areas in the area under the Raid Warmawsaw-Umsohbar of the Hima The leaders of the Raid have decided to hold a Border Meeting on the 13th of this month at Bakhlapara.
The Dorbar Shnong Mihmyntdu, West Jaintia Hills District has taken a strict decision against the parking of vehicles and the provision of foreign houses to curb the spread of COVID-19 in the village.
“The Sengbhalang has protested and we as leaders support by conveying to the Central Government that we are against this bill and if it passes this CAB will be released from the Council areas,” he said.
Insulin is the most important hormone that can control blood glucose after eating.
The program will be conducted by the Lok Sabha Commissioner and Secretary Andrew Simons.
He said that the NHAI has also taken action to expedite the completion of this new bridge, as this bridge is very important and has been used not only by the people of the state and other states. The bridge has been completed in the northeast of India and once completed, it has made it easier for the people especially the heavy vehicles to pass freely through this bridge.
The KSU has protested against the high price of Marksheet, Migration Certificate and Provisional Certificate for graduates of the University. The students have expressed their concern over the high price of these certificates and for this reason later. KSU leaders through the office of the University have staged a protest to demand an increase in the price of these certificates.
Shillong: U Dipon Nath has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 16th of this month at 8 pm, unidentified robbers have abducted his brother and Shri Kripesh Nath. and he was called Kukan Nath.
Will they only look after your struggle or will they protect you from the invasion of the Nepalis and Assam police?
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday held a meeting at Nongjri (Borsora area) to protest against the abduction of Dajied Kynsai Syiemlieh, a youth from Bynther-Mairang.
Referring to the strike by the Adhoc teachers in Tura, it was said that it was similar to the strike in Shillong where the MR of the state visited them and it was said that it was the same group that went together.
However, if you die from corona, you will be blessed.
He said the state government has also decided to count the working hours in the offices so that the working hours will be only until 4:30 pm.
He also criticized the state government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister which has just gone to talk to the Assam government under the leadership of Sarbananda Sonowal. “The Congress party in the state and the country has never had such a border talk, but now that the Congress party has lost its breath, it has started to talk,” he said. “It is the government that forces the youth to carry guns and later it will announce a scheme for them,” he said. Special Package, we don't want this,” he said.
In this regard, he said that the measure ordered by the relevant authorities is to ensure that the meat sold on the roadside will be free from vehicle exhaust, pum pum and garbage. harukom.
Nongpoh, July 11: The fare of Sumo from Shillong to Bhoirymbong and from Bhoirymbong to Shillong will be reduced from July 16, 2014, said the President of the Ri-Bhoi Maxi Tourist Maxi Cab Association (RBMTMCA), Bah Bar breath Hooked.
However, it is that to date there is no such thing.
“What we feel is right to think is that we are standing up to contest against the BJP and all others who have joined the BJP, we are a national party and we have the right to contest from all states.
Nongpoh: In an accident on the NH-6 Umran Niangbyrnai village at 2 pm this morning, a man driving a motorcycle number ML- 04C-7049, was seriously injured when the motorcycle he was driving collided with a vehicle from Assam (AS-01EV-2
Why the Additional Chief Secretary in charge of Finance said that the government has faced problems due to lack of revenue since the NGT ban on coal mining and the government has had to cut the budget to percent from all government departments until the development works are completed, said Dr Mawthoh.
“The meetings between the MLAs, officers and the people in the past 8 and 9 months to resolve the border issue have not matched the meetings since 50 years ago,” he said. There is a responsibility to work and look after the welfare of the people especially which is a long standing issue of the state as the people are waiting for their full border.
The National People's Party (NPP) President and Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the NPP party has never compromised for the welfare of the people. in Ri.
The Cabinet also approved to introduce a new amendment to the Meghalaya Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management Ordinance.
The doctor asked the man not to treat him as he had to be rushed to the hospital.
The school authorities of these two schools in Ri-Bhoi have expressed their gratitude to these students for bringing fame and glory which is also a pride to the teachers who have worked hard to guide and teach them. students, and their hard work was not in vain, but the people were happy because it is the first time for these two schools that the students have entered the top
Those similar and different commitments must be taken into account during the development of the CMP.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh today informed the Legislative Assembly that there are 22991 visitors to the Cherry Blossom Festival
The total amount for these three years is T.1,77,88,127 crore.
That too, perhaps only in Shillong, Sohra, Jowai, Nongpoh and other villages inhabited by the French.
“Whatever policies are formulated in Delhi, the States will have to implement them.
However, in Meghalaya, those who contested for MLAs, according to the time of filing of nomination papers, most of those who have been Ministers are Multi-Millionaires or Crore-Pati.
Mahabubnagar: Due to the spread of the coronavirus in India, the government authorities have urged the public to cover their mouths and noses, but for this man, he does not have the money to buy a mask. and cover his head, but he does it in a different way to cover his own mouth and head.
It would also be illegal to play with the lives and deaths of our own people, when even the central government spends most of the country's money on health.
You have shot people in Mairang during the new vote.
Therefore, if the Mahindra Company wants their work to continue, they should immediately pay the bills to the villagers because we know that our fellow citizens are still able to do such work. “If they cannot respect this decision, it is better for them to stop the work,” said Samla Macdonald Jitem, Publicity Secretary KSU Mawlai Circle.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, recently said that the people of the state are not against the railway but against the illegal entry of people and to stop this, the ILP is one way.
In fact, this order of the Court should be a shameful punishment for the police department and the state government as a whole.
Similarly, in Ri Bhoi, we expected to get 1-3 seats but it is less than expected in Khasi Hills,” he said.
Those sent later will not be accepted.
Only up to 9 (nine) tons shall be allowed to be carried by a 2 (two) axle truck; Each truck shall have a line on all three sides of the body.
When asked about the allegation that the invasion of Bangladeshis is due to the weakness of the BSF, the BSF spokesperson said that the people should not blame only the BSF as many of the borders do not exist. This has made it easier for Bangladeshis to enter Meghalaya.
This is a real issue that some people are willing to read only in their own language while they don't want to share when they are in the Legislative Assembly of the State.
However, after he started working about fifty meters, he stopped and left the stones he had thrown away.
Shillong, Nailur, 30: The State Government through the Department of Arts and Culture on Saturday handed over the land to the Khasi Author Society (KAS) at a ceremony held at the YMCA, New Delhi. The construction of the Society's headquarters at the Tribal Research Institute, Mawlai, Shillong on an area of ​​5.40 thousand square feet.
Shillong: On the 19th July 2022, a body was found dead in the Mynsain River, East Khasi Hills.
They launched the attack after receiving a tip-off about the presence of the GNLA militants.
Nurse SB Sohton, Mawphu, Sd.
EGH beat North Garo Hills District Cricket Association by 158 runs by seven wickets in the Zone 2 match at Williamsnagar. Zone 1 in the match at Umbuda.
I am happy because I have lived with your mother but I have not given birth now and you have given birth.
However, it is surprising that the case is still pending and they have not informed Kong Kharshiing who has been sent to the Ministry of Home Affairs.
To reduce the risks during construction and the increase in implementation costs, projects under the jurisdiction of the Government will be implemented as soon as possible through Engineering-Procurement-Construction (EPC).
Although this area has been neglected by the leaders from the roads, water supply, schools, electricity, everything has been politicized as a neglect.
They also admitted that they did not know who was resisting and reporting.
“The government has given a license to sell kyiad and write Tim but the church has not accepted it,” he said. .
Interestingly, the MFA is the second football federation in the country to translate these subjects into its own language, after Marathi.
“The Government will increase the number of Farmers Markets and Regulated Markets and the Government will strive to avoid confusion in such markets and will allow the farmers to run such markets according to their wishes,” he said. to Conrad.
He said that if the government does not listen to the demand as promised by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, the employees of EMRI 108 will continue to strike.
According to a statement sent to the government, Tesla has decided to lay off more than 6,000 employees in California.
I also urge the women to be responsible in the community.
Furthermore, the price at which they can currently sell is Rs 42 per liter when sold to the union.
The verse in Thohlyngkien and the verse in Thohmiat differ because in Thohlyngkien there is no limit to the number of words, but in Thohmiat there should be an understanding according to the shnok in the tara and so on.
In the United States, there are now 2.5 million people infected with the coronavirus, according to the Johns Hopkins University, with 43,121 cases in the past 24 hours and 502 deaths. The death toll has risen to 125,480, while the death toll worldwide has risen to 495,0
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has demanded that the government should take action to provide mobile phone lines or networks to the villages in the remote areas of East Jaintia Hills District.
As I have reminded from time to time in my writings that since 1971-72 until now the people living in this area have had to flee their villages three times, in 1971 – 72, 2003 and
In a letter signed by Ashwani Mahajan, co convener of the association, he expressed his concern over these two sports, which have attracted the youth of India.
The meeting was attended by Wandashisha Lyngdoh, Lemuel Debarma and several leaders of Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU). Joint Secretary Bah Martin Nongkhlaw with journalists.
Shillong, November 13 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma has personally visited Pynursla to announce four major projects for the constituency and the entire riwar area. .
The Hamara Sankalp Viksit Bharat is a program of the Central Government to deliver development works to unreached areas and the delivery of Government schemes.
Besides, the most important thing is that in every tourist attraction the tourism department or those that are private properties should build good toilets and adequate water supply so that visitors They don't have to go to the forests but they have adequate outdoor places because if they are adequate and clean, the tourists don't mind even if they have to pay a price.
Today, Balkarin was with me and then he became ill and now he is in critical condition,” said Laben.
He also received praise from the owners of the club by sacking him from Brighton & Hove Albion, but managed only 31 games and won only 12 times for the team. matches, that was before the club owners took the current action against him.
In these days, we have never seen that the power of the Dorbar Shnong, has been so strong, but we have seen that the Rangbah Shnong, have already fallen like a slawang in the power of the junior police, junior officers. , without discussing the powers of the Head of District.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang, said that after completing all the necessary investigations, the police will send the verdict to the High Court.
He joined the NPP along with his supporters from the Congress, UDP and the existing NPP.
The strong earthquake also destroyed houses and apartment buildings in Marrakech, the closest city to the epicenter.
A PCR call was received at 5 pm this morning saying that a drone was flying over the residence of the Prime Minister, police said.
Ampa Das, who lives in Pune, has been arrested for allegedly kidnapping her father.
The RBYF leader said that any youth who has joined the Seng, should have that responsibility for the cause of the Jaidbynriew and should also work well or even surrender themselves. , so that the next generation can survive and be safe.
Jeffre Surong was awarded the Man of the Match award, Sbing Chyrmang was awarded the Goalkeeper of the Tournament award and Go Gou was awarded the Top Scorer award. Lamphrang Paslein, who scored 15 goals this season, was awarded the Player of the Tournament title. Kyrmen Shylla from Khliehriat and Kong Santa Mary Shylla have taken the initiative to build 5 A side football grounds to open football training for youth. .
I don't want to do like him, I leave it to Bah Mohrmen to think and how to deal with his insulting remarks against all those politicians (devil in him), because if it should be brought to justice , will go a long way.
According to reports on 19/5/2021, the world's largest iceberg in Antarctica has collapsed due to climate change and that the temperature has been increasing globally.
Shillong, March 27: The Indian Catholic Youth Movement Shillong Archdiocese will hold a special Mass in memory of the deceased on the 2nd of November this year. All Soul's Day at 4:30 pm at St. Joseph's Church Mawkhar Parish.
It is to be recalled that the protest against Mr. Langi by the residents of the village started after the residents found that there is a problem in the implementation of the 100 days bill scheme where the Deputy Commissioner's Office has not yet worked. The report on the Public Hearing held in September this year has not yet been released.
Alvin Plantinga, an American analytic philosopher, said, “As Christians we must decide that we do not know.
According to the President of the KSU, the CEM of KHADC has confirmed that he will convene a meeting of all the chief executives to discuss this issue.
“If the committee finds that James Sangma as Minister of the Department is involved in the misappropriation of more than T.149 crore, do you think that James Sangma, who is the Minister of State for Home Affairs, is involved in the misappropriation of T.149 crore? Will the Minister of the State Government together with the Prime Minister who is a brother, ask the Government to arrest him? Will the Prime Minister order the police to arrest his brother James Sangma?” asked the HYC. , from MeECL on the grounds that these people have been involved in the implementation and management of the Saubhagya scheme while they were in office and now those departments are whether that investigation shall be clean and free from any interference, if they shall continue to hold and be the heads or authorities to administer those institutions.
“Some parents have believed that education can help children get government jobs, but I would like to inform you that in one year, there can be up to 2,000 vacancies. but in 10 years, more than 36,000 students have completed their education,” said Tynsong.
Indeed, we understand that it is a matter that we have to think carefully about in many areas.
Her body was left near Dollongre village by her killers and her money and mobile phone were also lost.
The confusion has arisen on this issue after the former government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma had moved and changed the name of the Khliehriat C&RD Block to Wapungskur. to construct an office building at a cost of Rs 7 lakh.
“For 30 years he has been the same leader but the Shella constituency is still lagging behind, whether we look at roads, income, agriculture; There is no future for the youth, that is why I came forward to contest the election to bring about change. “When we turn to education, we need a proper college but we don't have them all here, we lack them in all aspects,” said Bah Saiñkupar Riahtam. He said that he hopes to reach the goal, because wherever he goes he has explained to the people the rights that the people should get and the people have shown their agreement with him. “I don't have the money to buy the people but I have visited many villages to explain the rights they should have and I promise that if I will reach my goal, I will get their rights, wherever I go the people support me, I have hope to reach my goal,” he said.
Dr Mawthoh said that after collecting all the requirements, the group will meet again before preparing a report to start implementing the work.
It is also not permissible to interfere or interfere with the work of others so that one day you may become involved in yourself.
At that time he will create all things.
The farmers in these villages said that according to the historical records and traditions from the ancestors, the Khasi Pnars have lived in these villages for more than 100 years and there are also and he was about four generations old.
On the 11th, KAS will also celebrate the 39th Anniversary of Literary Day by holding an information seminar on the theme 'When the language lives, the nation lives' at 11:30 am.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Moolamylliang today, 2nd July 2022, concluded the fireworks festival, in which thousands of people, youth and children came to witness the last festival. years and the total attendance since the beginning has reached thousands of people.
India's medalists were Bhargavi Sankhe (gold), Kick Light -94 kg (M), Raj Wasvand Silver, K1-81 kg (M) Irshad Mancheri (Silver), Point Fight -60 kg (F) Bhargavi Sankhe Silver, Light Contact -60 kg (F) Bhargavi Sankhe (Takma Rupa), Kick Light -60 kg (F) Lorenza Songthiang (Takma Rupa), Kick Light-57 kg (M) Sudipta Biswas (Takma Rnong), Kick Light -74 kg (M) Shakir Dar (Takma Rnong), Kick Light -79 kg (M) Aditya Bukki (Takma Rnong), Creative Forms (Weapons) Sonu Poonia (M) Bronze, Creative Forms (Weapons) Priyanka Sharma (F) (Takma Rnong), Creative Forms (Open Hand) Pinki Yadav (F) (Takma Rnong), Creative Forms (Open Hand) Aditya Bukki (Takma Rnong), Musical Form (Hard Style) Himmat Swami Bronze, Musical Form (HS Weapon) Himmat Swami (Takma Rnong).
Although he was not an MLA, he spoke in the Assam Assembly from the visitor's gallery and expelled the Assam government by breaking the 1968 pamphlets.
Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein: for the time is at hand" Revelation 1:3
What we expect is that the government should ensure that peace is maintained.
Umphyrnai scored two goals through R Shadap in the 69th and 80th minutes.
In doing so, let us also remember that the future of the youth of the nation is in the hands of our elected leaders.
Thus, in 2024, Modi will not be sworn in as the new Prime Minister of the country.
Ampareen said that with the passage of time, illegal market vendors have increased across the city and have covered not only the roads but also the highways.
The state government spends tens of thousands of crores every year.
The 6.4 km road will be constructed under the Special Assistance to States for Capital Investment 2022-23 at a cost of T.18 crore.
Speaking to reporters, Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said, “From today, the Regional Committees of the two states will start meetings and inspections of the disputed areas.
Youth: 1.
The Executive Engineer PWD (RDs) Shangpung Division M Nongpluh in the presence of KSU leaders and members of Thangrain Village visited the road on the 17th of this month.
On the demand for the repeal of the Gambling Act, Prestone said why should the government repeal the Gambling Act? This Act shall not prohibit any illegal activities.
At the same time, the people need adequate garbage disposal facilities.
Not yet finished to arrange the work in Them metor, something else has happened, as one comes, others will follow.
'Before the devil appears, Everyone worships God'
Shillong: The President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar, has urged the ethnic parties in the MDA government to take action on the issue of Inner Line Permit, as they promised during the election campaign.
In a statement, the leader of the party, Bah Jeffrey Pathaw, said that many Rangbah Shnongs in Ri Bhoi District should not be like those brokers or land agents in the land of Hynniew Trep.
Police from the Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) on Friday arrested a drug dealer from Umshyrpi Bridge, Jhalupara Out Post, Shillong.
Many families have not been able to provide these facilities to their children especially those with many children.
However, due to lack of support from home, she had to drop out of school.
The new supporters were welcomed by Bah Kitborlang Nongrem, President of the NPYF, Bah W. Sangriang, General Secretary of the NPP and other party workers. .
Those who fail to comply will be punished severely, said the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong: The State Youth Wing of KHNAM, today, alleged that the two decisions of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to increase the price of trading license fees and to “digitize” the issuance process Licenses to foreigners are decisions to generate income, but not decisions to protect or prevent the access of foreigners to steal the livelihood of the indigenous people.
At the same time, the aim is to encourage the youth to understand the value of the natural resources we have and to protect and care for them as well.
“They have already decided on the candidate and you know there is no place left but I don't want to blame or say anything or blame anyone on this”.
The contact numbers are 9089474027 and
The complaint said that the purchase of blankets violated the rules of the Central Vigilance Commission.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 29: The District Child Protection Unit, West Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the Deputy Commissioner and the District Social Welfare Officer, today held a A special meeting for the purpose of training for the youth, also known as the Awareness Program on Substance Abuse.
Pynïaid said that the meeting also discussed the situation of the Khasi Pnar in the border areas in Block II and as the CEM of KAAC he promised to take action to curb the smuggling of Khasi Pnar. peace and order while the border talks between the governments of Meghalaya and Assam.
“These recommendations will be submitted to the Core Committee which will take two or three days and after that we will send them to the Government,” said Dr. Jemino.
He was then loaded into a Maruti Van and taken to the Khliehriat Police Station.
The Umngot River, which has gained a clean and clean reputation after the fish died along the river, is in danger.
John 1:14.
Nongkrem Youth Development also celebrated this day, and many others have organized various games and competitions.
Therefore, first of all, people need light or electricity because light is the most important thing especially during this lockdown, how can we stay at home? without light or electricity.
That it is not possible to send all the teachers on duty but only a few of them from each school because it affects the education of the children especially as it takes months.
However, UDP Leader Allantry F Dkhar, who took part in the meeting, expressed his doubts about the operation of these EVMs. “The UDP has always conveyed its opposition to the Election Commission of the country,” said Bah Allan.
The Department has used the mascot “Jagriti” along with “Jago Grahak Jago” in all its media campaigns.
This Amendment to the Act is for the purpose of improving and implementing the expenditure of urban areas and to act according to the needs of the time.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Davies NR Marak, said that the purpose of the police to use the e-challan is to ensure that most of the people are accused of corruption by the police. car.
In fact, he said that as the Sengbhalang groups working for the welfare of the Khasi community, they should first talk to the Khasi owners but surprisingly on Saturday, they met with the Dkhars. The Dkhars were allowed to work as they pleased in the trade in the Jirang Hima.
“From 2019 to 31st July, 2024, 42 cases have been registered at the Cyber ​​Crime Police Station,” said the Chief Minister. the day of Ba-ar.
She also praised the thorough investigation to get accurate information such as the investigation of a stone which she found from the village which was actually a seabed.
In the pre quarter final of the Under-14 Boys' category, Marian Hill HS School beat All Saint Diocesan School 2-0
When asked whether before he contested alone for the post of MDC, Bah Pynshngaiñ had invited other MLAs who held the post of MDC. “It doesn't matter if we fall into that position as mentioned but we have to protect ourselves anyway, we are the leaders who have been allowed to “We should respect the decision of the people, they should consult with many experts before they take the final decision,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
I stopped my scooty and poured a drink.
Shillong: Police in South Garo Hills today arrested ULFA leader Drishti Rajkhowa while he was trying to return to Meghalaya. after he came to Sylhet.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: Karate players from Meghalaya under the banner of MSKDF participated in the recent 6′′ National Zendokai Karate Championship held at SAI Training. Center, Kokrajhar, Assam on 25th and 26th November, 2023 have won 10 medals for the state.
After more than 10 hours of protest, members of the HYC stood up and seized a garbage can containing the portrait of Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya. The District authorities have come to say that they will not allow them to burn tyngshop in this area.
Zentih's remarks came despite the fact that four MDCs from GHADC have recently joined the BJP and many people have joined the party at the meetings in the past few months. in Tura and elsewhere.
But let him glory in this, that he understandeth and knoweth me: for in these things I delight” (Jeremiah 9:23-24). For man shall not see me, and live” (Exodus 33: 20) Although God is near and you cannot see him with human eyes and the Word of God says clearly, “But My face – You shall not see Him”.
West Suchiang, Rangbah Shnong of Mulum, expressed his gratitude to SURE for choosing Mulum to participate in this project. School garden, various programs related to school children, women, youth, seed preservation and so on.
It was through this opportunity that Rangdajied scored the most goal to win.
However, he said that before approving the Bill, he needs to consult with the residents of the state including the Chief Executive Members and district councils to discuss the MHA's views on these Bills.
Speaking to media, Superintendent of Police Sylvester Nongtnger said, “The Shillong Traffic Police has worked hard to seize these vehicles and two wheelers. We have seized 320 tyndong pynsawa and when we arrested them we urged the owners of the vehicles to leave themselves but when we found that they We have seized 181 of them and we will destroy them”.
“Singh, 38, is a resident of Bihar, and the BJP's selection of him to contest from Asansol has caused criticism.
The benefit of this new project is that there is no electricity shortage.
It is true that it is unfortunate to turn away the families by forcibly evicting them from the place where they have lived for thousands of years but in the end, the law is the law and there is no mercy. feel sorry for those who break the law.
On the opening day, 15 trucks, which were entering Bangladesh, in the presence of members of the Majai Exporters' Association Bholaganj, including Bah B Lyngdoh President and other members of the Majai Exporters' Association ( organization.
Since the beginning of the lockdown, all the people have tried to give their right hand and left hand to cooperate with the government, to follow strictly the laws and regulations issued by the government. They can be punished by the law enforcement agencies, and many of them have been fined thousands of dollars even for walking without a carpass. this is lockdown.
The course ran from 1st to 21st October 2022.
When asked, Prestone said, “At present I cannot say anything on this matter because once a complaint has been lodged we have to take action and the investigation has just started.
Other teams in Group-A are Chandigarh, Himachal Pradesh, Odisha and Manipur.
However, if the UDP doesn't want to cooperate, the only way is for the NPP to defeat the Congress which won five seats and also the PDF or HSPDP and the BJP. The new government will reach 37 members.
On the other hand, one of the shopkeepers in Khyndailad said that the country as a whole is fighting against the COVID-19 pandemic. They expressed their gratitude to the District authorities for their support in this cleanliness campaign.
In a statement, the party General Secretary Wonder Lapang said that the party has written to the National Green Tribunal (NGT) to clarify the matter in order to bring clarity to the people.
Speaking to reporters, Michael Kharsyntiew has denied the BJP ticket from North Shillong and Mariahom Kharkrang, who has recently joined the BJP. The BJP Central Election Committee (BEC) has decided not to elect the BJP ticket in North Shillong. together with the Pary High Command to decide who is eligible to contest on the ticket.
Police searched the plan at Madanrting Police Station and found 21 boxes of soap, containing 253.53 grams of heroin. kata that jain phong.
This incident may be an attempt by some to mislead the people.
I request you RAM leaders please come forward and meet us to talk and discuss this opportunity is a comfort and a blessing to you and your customers don't wait sisters until God has mercy on you Through this struggle that God has created, do you allow any father of the family to come and celebrate and pay you and forget about his children? Whether it's a small or big job, they are the blessings of the family...I request you leaders of RAM to come forward and meet us to talk and discuss. Don't wait for your customers until God has mercy on our state through this struggle that God is pleased with. Working cleanly in the heat and light whether it is a small or large job is a blessing to the family.
Julitha Sangma took the highest wicket for North Garo Hills with five wickets for 15 runs.
Shillong: The HPF West Khasi Hills District today strongly condemned the illegal smuggling of dew.
They said that they have tried their best to repair the road by coming out to work.
“...tell them that I have visited them, and have seen what the Egyptians are doing to them.
He said that the Congress has already decided that Bah Pala will be the Chief Minister of the state if the Congress comes to power and he will be the Chief Minister of the state who will show a lot of love to the people of the state. .
Passah Minister, Rtn.
According to the Minister, people are destroying the environment by their actions and at such times, it is necessary to take precautionary measures.
“People can take anything, I don't have any feelings, because for me the most important thing is to have peace, happiness for all the citizens and especially to grow. the growth of the state.
However, we have not yet completed all the tasks.
Now that the elections are over, we need the Central Government to send the CBI and Enforcement Directorate to arrest those who are really involved in corruption and theft of public money.
Regarding the assistance for the school, u Bah Renik promised that if the opportunity arises, he will take action on the request of the teachers and also the teachers. school principal.
Therefore, we must immediately abolish this and regulate the recruitment process in Government departments or factories or shops or private workplaces within the State.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, MLA Umsning, expressed her satisfaction that the Ri Bhoi Synod College has taken the initiative to set up a library room for the benefit of the youth. All these achievements are due to the attention of the College authorities that the benefits go to the students.
On the question of the environmental degradation caused by coal mining, Bah Sutnga said that all coal mining or shyiap mining in the state affects the environment but there needs to be a way to protect the environment.
However, despite the difficulties, this health center has been able to achieve this goal through the treatment facilities of this modern technology.
Replying to this, the Minister of State for Food and Civil Supplies, James Sangma, said that the state government is following the rules and regulations of the National Food and Security Act (NFSA) and the government cannot ignore the rules and regulations. the rules regarding the registration of citizens for ration cards.
The tournament for the Shillong Premier League to 4th Division has started on the 3rd and will end tomorrow on the 15th June.
Pyndengrei SCSC and Mawlarshong SC have shared 10 points each after a 1-1 draw at the start of the NDSA Premier League Football Tournament
It means that Israel will be saved.
He said the government had ordered the preparation of a mining plan in accordance with the Meghalaya Minor Minerals Concession Rules 2016, but after it was submitted, the government could not implement it.
According to the Ministry of Urban Affairs, the government is preparing to use the waste using modern technology.
assisted in the installation of 694.5 megawatt power plants and the construction of 10,341.63 Circuit Kilometers of power transmission lines, the construction of 11 Inter-State Bus Terminals (ISBTs) and the improvement of infrastructure in 5 local airport.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng, 28: The Khliehmawlieh Youth Club, Nongstoiñ, has won the title of the tournament organized by the Janata Sangha in collaboration with the Janata Sangha. and the Puranmal Jain Foundation, which was held at the Janata Playground in Bondapara, one of the largest towns in the district of Assam.
There is no peace anywhere.
Other needs of the patient, such as those needed in the toilet, will be charged at the Corona Care Centres.
Therefore, the union demands that the Block should be moved to the same place, because if it is moved to another place, it will cause inconvenience to the people, because the place has been plans to build a new block is a remote area.
Two NPP MLAs, Benedic R Marak and Ferlin CA Sangma, resigned from the post of MLA to join the BJP along with Himalaya M Shangpliang.
Shillong, June 24: The Vice President of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Meghalaya and former Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the AITC has 17% vote share. lakh shiteng in the 7, 8 months of preparation for the elections shows that the party has the hope of doing well in the upcoming elections.
About 3,500 supporters of Nehimaya Tyngkan attended the Lain Pyrdi Dorbar or the Dorbar of 20 Villages.
Speaking at a public meeting in Nandurbat District, Gavit said, “People who eat fish every day are very healthy and their eyes are very attractive. and they that looked upon you, when they saw you, were amazed.
They said that after the body of the Archbishop was brought from the USA to Guwahati Airport, from the airport it will be taken first to St Joseph Church in Guwahati, then to Byrnihat Parish and Nongpoh Parish and then to Mawlai. The bye pass will be held at the Archbishop's residence and a mass will be held at Mawlai Parish.
The Meghalaya High Court on November 8, 2022, has temporarily suspended the implementation of the social border settlement agreement between Assam and Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The clash between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma and the Chief Minister of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, has intensified with the passing of the days. The Government, after Dr. Mukul Sangma's speech, said that it is the State Government that has passed the Village Administration Bill (VAB).
In North Garo Hills, there are 23 cases.
She also said that the foundations of the party will remain strong despite the change of leadership.
“As the story goes that the fight in north Shillong is between Covid and the Dome, I would like to say that the leader to fight against Covid has won while the leader to build the Dome has failed. This will also happen in the 2023 elections,” he said.
The family members alleged that Father Manbha Pakem had spoken against them and accused them of taking advantage of the incident and sent them to file a case against them.
East Garo beat Tura District Cricket Association by 7 runs.
To complete the cleanliness drive as soon as possible, the youth, women and men, mothers and fathers are urged to come out and take part in the cleanliness drive, said a statement from the general secretary of the village, Bah Riten Kma.
The 40 cases are currently undergoing treatment at Bethany Hospital Pahamsyiem, 27 cases at Bethany Hospital Pahamsyiem and 13 cases at Nongpoh. Civil Hospital.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the officers, Samla John Mawlong, said that the union came to inform about the issue and the officers gave explanations. The department has promised to visit the area to conduct awareness programs on how to prevent such diseases, assistance such as insurance and other measures.
The Church has invited other religious leaders to celebrate this day.
The MFC led by volunteer Chandame Sungoh as Chief Convenor and Phermain Samayang, Convenor, alleged that this fraud and discrimination by the Waheh Chnongs against the candidates has happened in four constituencies. They are located in West Jaintia Hills.
Although it is a new synod only two years after the separation from the KJP Synod Mihngi, the attendance at Sunday services has reached more than tens of thousands.
Therefore, the plaintiff's lawyer said that the parents did not come forward to use these buses.
“Of course that I understood.
When I say 'shen', I don't mean six months and I don't mean years, but it won't be long before we get 100 percent of the Government jobs in Meghalaya, because the Garo people The demand for the separation of the state has been demanded by the Garo Hills Sengbhalang and no one has opposed it. Even the Government of Conrad Sangma has remained silent. Silence means consent (when you listen to what you are saying, you don't have consent).
Lumpariat and Chutwakhu won by defeating Dongmihsngi and West Madan Mustem in the Second Division Football Tournament organized by the WJDSA at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
He reminded that the UDP does not want the ARPA to collapse, but wants to work until the end of the five years, but what the UDP wants is to change the CEM. , and said that if the HSPDP does not change its leadership, it shows that the HSPDP also wants the ARPA to collapse.
On this occasion, the KSU also honored two teachers who received the District Award on Teachers Day this year. Head Teacher, Wapung Govt School.
Not only that, she is a longkmie and she will bring honor and pride to the nation by entering Parliament as an MP in the Khasi dress.
Therefore, KHNAM has already sent a letter with explanations to establish the Reservation Policy on 31st June,
He also criticized some, including the leaders, who said that Hindi is the National Language.
