However, we must understand that before blaming or finding reasons, we must know the truth of anything and not just point fingers at anyone or bring in the name of religious or ethnic differences because ha In today's world, it is very easy to spread any event or activity because of the availability of the internet from one place to another.
The presence of SRK and Rajamouli in the list has pleased and encouraged the Bollywood stars who have congratulated them for their work.
Speaking before the opening ceremony, Bah Pyniaid stressed that education is the most important thing in this age.
“After returning from Delhi, we met again in Meghalaya and decided that the CM should meet again with the PM and Amit Shah, and we met with the Defense Minister before approving the CAB in parliament.
Commander said he does not want to move from one party to another and the decision he has taken from the beginning is a big decision and he will remain with the UDP. He said that the UDP has become more stable in Mawkyrwat but the party has its supporters who have supported in the last elections especially those who have won the candidate. The UDP has won the MDC elections but has joined the Congress.
The job allocation will be changedTo provide exactly the right job for our young people now Bah Ardent fully supports.
Ringchi's victory at the Meghalaya Games is an inspiration to the wrestling athletes in West Garo Hills and Lum Garo as a whole and this victory will encourage other sports athletes in the state.
If the government doesn't know its responsibility, should the people allow them to form a government again?” he asked.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Dorbar Shnong of Smit Pyllun, which met today, has clarified that it is not true that the people of Smit Shnong, are bloodthirsty, as it appeared in the newspapers. that day.
“The Minister congratulated all the beneficiaries of the MUDRA scheme and urged other beneficiaries to come forward and take part in the development of the country.
However, the SP said that at 2 pm, some of the people came to the hall with the intention of causing trouble and damaging property.
Ummulong Presbyterian HS School, Laishnong HS School, Nartiang Presbyterian HS School, North Liberty HS School and Ïalong Secondary School .
The demand of the VPP is that the time has come to renew the employment quota in the state in view of the changing times and population.
Brandon Sunn, one of the founders of NE Entertainment, said that the goal is to receive 25 skilled designers from among those who have applied. Model to show the dresses and those who will dress them will be 40 dressers.
It will be divided into three parts and these include (i) Class 9th to Class 12th (ii).
It is also expected that the attendance of the festival will not be less than 1,000 per day.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Balajied Sing Syiem, today received the report of the students of Smit Higher Secondary School submitted by the Chairman of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya. John F Kharshiing at the meeting held in Smit.
No vehicles will be allowed to park along the National Highway from Lad Sutnga to Deiñ Chynrum.
Secondly, regarding the allegation that the Association has not allowed the members who have been dismissed from their positions within the Association as well as from their membership, as the Association we have already taken the The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of MSSASA Sengkmie held on 18th November gave them time to think about their request. and to take a decision and also to explain at the General Executive Meeting which was held on the 8th of this month, but we see that they do not accept the request of the majority of the people and also not that we honor in the books. news as alleged and cannot be blamed on the sources of news but what we have decided at the meeting remains what we have agreed upon.
Finally, if it is really necessary to divide the reservation according to the ethnic groups in the state, keeping in mind the youth of Meghalaya of the 21st century and the employment opportunities in the state government, then let us strive to divide 80%. according to the number and to prepare the roster as it should be.
At the time of writing, 12 people were killed, 10 injured and four seriously injured.
“The term of office of the BJP President is three years instead of two years, my term as President has ended and on 13th July 2023, we will have a National Executive Committee in Delhi, where Defense Minister Rajnath Singh has announced that the term of office of the National President will be extended until 24th July 2024,” he said.
He said that he had been thinking of joining the UDP for a long time but he could not because of unavoidable reasons that he did not have the opportunity to contest the election from the party. “I don't want to join the UDP but since Bah Bindo has announced to contest, I am ready to contest, I don't have any other choice,” he said.
The research was conducted in collaboration with scientists from the University of Pompeu Fabra in Barcelona, ​​on the topic of "All politicians are liars"
These facts were shown by the documents received from the Block Office in Mairang, regarding the employment of children under the age of 15 years.
The clash between Bah Bright and the Police came after the Magistrates refused to allow only Bah Bright and Dr. Ricky to carry placards in front of the VPP. Secretariat.
Fortunately, he did not have any visible signs of injury on his body, but he had pain and swelling in his legs.
There will be 16 teams to participate in this tournament, which will be divided into two groups.
For a little while – the enemy will burn the forests.
The source said that Meghalaya does not have four projects without pump storage.
Hopefully Hindi will be removed from the Legislative Assembly.
He said that the UDP MDCs are still supporting the EC led by Thombor Shiwat and have not received any exact information on the intention of the four UDP MDCs to join the party. JSU Central Body Lawyerson War, JSU General Secretary Jersom Shylla and other members on the 28th of this month. They met with the Minister of State for Child Development, Ramdas Athawale, who is in charge of the Social Justice and Empowerment Department of the Government of India.
The leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council Mawthadraishan Circle, after receiving the request from the villagers, took action and on 4th June they went to meet with Bah L.Shabong Executive Engineer of PWD. They also handed over a letter to him requesting him to talk to the government to turn its attention to the village by allocating funds for the construction of the road. that the people may be delivered from trouble.
At the end of these programmes, a short meeting was held in which Bah Kynsaibor Marweiñ, Principal, Mawlangwir Higher Secondary School, Mawlangwir, was the chief guest.
Due to the spread of Covid 19 and to comply with the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, those from outside the Parish are requested to come and lay flowers and candles on the 1st of November, 2021 from 9 am from 10 pm to 4 pm and no one will be allowed to lay flowers or burn candles during the Holy Mass on the 2nd. to plant flowers again on the 3rd of November.
Nongpoh: A day after Assam opened new shops at the market in Umlaper village, a village between Meghalaya and Assam, the District authorities of Ri Bhoi District, today. They have visited the village to see if there are any incidents of violence, after the Assam government has come to open new shops in the market. bah in this village.
These children are newborn, six months old and three months old.
The construction of the building has been awarded to MGCCL by the Department of Horticulture. .
The Chief Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Minister of PWD Road, has laid the foundation stone of the Intermediate Road from Lailad to Borsohra which is about 6.4 kms long. T.18 crore has been allocated through the Special Assistance to States for Capital Investment 2022-23 of the State Government.
There are five categories, namely U-16, U-14, U-12, U-10 and U-8 for men and women.
After 12 hours, a Hyundai Verna driven by Nona Rapsang, who came to turn to the members of KJBWA, was hit by a group of Verna rongiong. Rapsang admitted that the cows were his.
We have seen, in the past few months, the government's actions, in which the news has published in large letters that the Indian government will deposit 500 rupees into the accounts of women, and then kilograms of rice, the state government, which offers to provide T.700 per month and other assistance; However, these have not agreed at all, according to the curfew of the people, which has lasted for more than a month and then the excessive decline in the price of goods.
In Telangana, the Congress has won the rule from the BHRS while in Mizoram, where the ZPF voted on Monday, the ZPF has surprised the MNF by winning the ruling party. party.
We hope and expect that the polling will be smooth and transparent,” said Bah Kharkongor.
This part is also completed.
In the course of his career, he first started work as a school teacher in a Government school.
However, these leaders have already denied that the people are their representatives and, here, that they will win all the seats from all the constituencies of the state in the 2023 election.
It will prevent groundwater pollution During the rainy season when we leave the coal mines uncovered, rainwater fills these crematoria and sinks or falls into the ground to pollute the groundwater ( groundwater).
The 52 AITC candidates include 15 incumbent MLAs, 15 MDCs and 5 women candidates. Speaking to media, AITC Meghalaya President Bah Charles Pyngrope announced that the names of these 52 candidates have been recognized and approved by the party to contest the upcoming elections.
“We have discussed with the people who should take responsibility, such as hospitals, DC offices, police to prepare how to protect against the forces of nature if it comes,” he said.
He expressed his satisfaction with the way the Amrit Mahotsav has become a mass protest across the country.
The NPP leaders said that if the UDP leaves the MDA, it means that the MDA will still have 39 MLAs. The Alliance (RDA) has also withdrawn its 37 MLAs from the MDA. If the PDF, which has four MLAs, has withdrawn, it has 33 MLAs left.
“We don't want to prepare too much but we have to examine the details because we want to make it orderly,” said James.
The INR launched the project in celebration of World Environment Day on Saturday in the presence of Forest and Environment Minister James PK Sangma. Important.
Therefore, the government needs to think carefully and if it can strengthen the allocation of funds for the farmers, this will help them to plant and bury two or three times a year.
“On the other hand, the Minister also warned the teachers not to hire the work of other teachers as this affects the education of the children and also affects the quality of education.
how do you look at me...if I cry out against your faith?
He said that these two Councils alone have wasted T.4,42,21,2017 in the last five years.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Shoigu, along with a delegation of Chinese ministers including members of the Politburo, arrived in North Korea on Tuesday to attend the celebrations of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the Russian Federation. the end of the Korean War in North Korea.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Ministry of Road Transport and Highways (MRTH) has decided to use an Engineering Procurement Construction (EPC) to ensure the construction of the Dawki Bridge and to expedite the construction of the Dawki Bridge. Meghalaya and Jaintia Hills District.
She invites everyone to participate in this league to open up opportunities for children and youth to participate in cricket.
“Besides these, we will also discuss other issues related to the education sector,” he said.
Gaziantep, Jymmang: Many citizens of Turkey and Syria have been in shock and anxiety because they do not know whether the earthquake struck the country. I'm not sure if it's true or not, but I'm sure it's true.
On the other hand, the BJP President and the party have strongly condemned the incident.
Jowai Presbyterian H/S School against Trangblang Govt UP & RMSA at 3.30 pm.
In this regard, the union urges the farmers who wish to sell jhur or soh at the market to contact the union leaders.
In this regard, Ma Helping Phawa has called the Waheh Shnong of Saba to urge him to ban the residents from shooting and beating the family. reply that he cannot take responsibility for this family and will have to leave.
It is from sin that you will become ill.
Beautiful.
Shillong: The State Bank of India (SBA) has confirmed that there are no new cases of covid-1 The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, today issued an order to close the entire SBI Main Branch tomorrow, 19th March 2020, for the purpose of cleaning the office.
The voice of the people was not too loud when the candidates of Bah Vincent H Pala, Bah Process T Sawkmie, Bah Mohendro Rapsang and Bah Hamletson Dohling were defeated for whatever reason.
Therefore, the union requests the students to be ready to move to the place specially prepared by the state government and also to inform the MLA of the area, or to the HYC War Jaiñtia President or SMS to +919862523268, so that you can reach the place provided by the government.
Avelyne Francisca Khriam of St. Edmunds Higher Secondary School, Shillong came second with 449 marks and Deinamesha Hynniewta of St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong came second with 446 marks. the third.
On the other hand, the President said that according to the information received from the drivers, the NEPMU will hold a meeting on Tuesday to decide whether to continue or suspend the strike.
After receiving a tip, BSG troops from 172Bn conducted a raid in parts of Hingaria in the border areas of East Jaintia Hills District and seized drugs left behind. border areas of the country who are intended to be smuggled into Bangladesh.
In a statement, the VPP through its spokesperson Dr Batskhem Myrboh said that the party demands the immediate withdrawal of the notice and also to apologize not only to the Principal of the school for this act of violence but also to the Principal of the school. the people because of this attempt to restrict the rights of citizens to make their own choices.
The competition was conducted under the guidance of the Principal, Rajeevan P. The competition was a thrilling experience for the youth who took part in the competition as it gave them the opportunity to express their feelings on this platform and improve the way they speak.
"I don't know where, especially the one who has been shempap ​​like that," said the father. "That's right, but to bring the fire with that child, you're sorry," said the mother. Seh mother.
Without knowing the rain, he went to Rome on his head.
I appeal to them not to live in lies and deceit, as it will affect the relations between India and Bangladesh,” said the Bangladesh Home Minister.
However , it is understood that the Chairman of KHADC , Bah Mansturdy Nongrem , will soon visit the venue to campaign for Bah Gabriel Wahlang to spend more money for the Congress party in Nongstoin.
In this regard, the President of the Youth Association Leningstar Rymbai, said that the Government has arranged to conduct the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) (UG) 2022 for Under Graduate Courses and Bachelor Degree in all countries. Central Universities and Affiliated Colleges of this session 2022-2
Things to do include : Personal hygiene by washing your hands with soap frequently.
How can we who don't earn local taxis, if we don't earn anymore, we have to pay the monthly installment.
There will be about 300 of these cameras in all parts of Shillong and these will help a lot through the joint implementation of software to recognize the faces of people as well as the ICCC and IT park which we have set up. It is expected to open in May,” said Conrad.
Protesters planned to take part in the rally, but were prevented by police patrols and violent clashes and clashes broke out between police and protesters.
Following the abduction of four civilians from Kolapara on the 22nd of last month, police have continued to search for the abductees. who was kidnapped, Nilip Ch.
According to the Word of God, only those who believe in our Lord Jesus Christ and walk according to the commandments of Jesus Christ will have this life.1 John 5:1 don Uta Your Son has that life ; He that hath not the Son of God hath not life.
When asked about the confusion of the people regarding the decision of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to abolish the 500 and 100 rupee notes, Wahlang said, “Of course many of them Modi has announced to abolish the 500 and 1000 notes but he is still giving time to the people to exchange lane to deposit these old coins in the banks"
:The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of NEHUTA, NEHUNSA and NEHUSU on Tuesday vowed to seek the opinion of the Meghalaya High Court on the allegation of violation of the rules of the UGC Model CRR. Rules) by the Vice-Chancellor of NEHU, Prof PS Shukla.
Our efforts should work on different aspects of tourism.
Nine deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills: 05, Ri Bhoi: 02 and one each from West Jaintia Hills and West Khasi Hills.
“We are not here as MLAs and MDCs to do politics but we are here to take a decision on how to improve the services inside this hospital,” said Bah Carness.
Thiruvananthapuram: After 10 months of celebrating Yoga Day, the Kerala Catholic Bishops Council (KCBC) has issued a rule, which warns Christians, that they should be very careful, when they take part in the sport of Yoga.
He did not give up even death did not take away his courage and he stood firm to protect this heritage, to escape from the enslavement of others.
Rev.Kharkongor said that the Forum wants to see that the festivals are held in peace and with the participation of the people and without any intimidation or disturbance in order to bring peace and stability. in the state.
Dr. Sahariah has been appointed as Pro Vice Chancellor of USTM and Dr. Ilias Ali as Professor for the PA Sangma International Medical College (PIMCH) of USTM. don in Ri Bhoi District.
The reception was attended by Joint CEO Shillong, Secretary Sports and Youth Affairs FR Kharkongor, President John Kharshiing and Director Sports and Youth Affairs FM Dopth.
Shri.Nidahun Lamare (Senior),
“This is a proper start for the youngsters and I hope that in the coming days, we will see great footballers across the country.
Shillong: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP) Central Zone on Tuesday visited a factory near Lai Mer, which has collected rnga.
It is on this point that Jesus made it clear by saying – “Verily, verily, I say unto you, When the Son of man shall sit on the throne of his glory, when the Son of man shall sit on the throne of his glory, and ye also shall sit on twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel" Matthew 19:2
He also expressed his concern over the increase in theft in many villages in the state.
While exercise is important to shape the body and maintain good health, it is also important to pay attention to the types of foods for weight loss.
Anupriya Dubey, District Magistrate of Fatehpur, has sent nine doctors for treatment of one of her sick cows.
This drink contains a low amount of sugar and many nutrients.
“The 2018 elections will be exactly like the 1998 elections, the Congress will win from Lum Jaintia this time,” said Dr.W.Kharlukhi.
Monika Singh, IRS Expenditure Observer, will inspect 1-Nartiang, 2-Jowai and 7-Amlarem.
The family members of the girl said that the attempt to commit suicide happened on the 26th of this month at 3.30 pm. At that time, people came and found her and rescued her.
Shylla said that all banks or financial institutions should accept land registered in the villages or belongs to the District Council. “The laws,” said Bah Shylla while addressing the concerns of the people who want to withdraw money from banks.
The land owners, who were angry because of the cheating, have blocked the road and driven away these foreigners and will not be allowed to pass through.
If the language is wrong, it will be a great war and the whole world will burn.
Shillong, March 26: Police on Tuesday seized 20 grams of heroin weighing 250.64 grams from the East Khasi Hills District.
The implementation of the scheme will be with the participation of Managing Committees, Panchayati Raj Dorbars, Village Education Committees, Teachers' and Parents' Associations and Tribal Autonomous Councils in the management of schools.
Speaking on the occasion, Tynsong said that the school has come in the same rank as the schools in Shillong and this was witnessed during the SSLC examination conducted by the MBOSE. He appealed to the students not to be misled that education does not mean getting government jobs but appealed to all to follow their dreams and to stand on their own feet and give help to build society.
“We will not be able to pay our last respects to him, but wherever we are, we will pray for the family of Dr Sailo.
These hotels do not have a wastewater treatment plant to ensure that the wastewater does not flow into the rivers,” said the Member Secretary of the Board, JH Nengnong.
The District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO) West Jaintia Hills District today launched the National Deworming Day program for children from 1 year to 19 years of age.
Nongpoh, Nailur 28: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District has strongly condemned the bloodthirsty foreigner who killed Samla Nisha Nongbet of Iew Mawlong. and a great earthquake, which caused many to become cold.
Another, Debraj Acharjee, works at Tata Warehouse in Siliguri, Medinipur.
The Minister said that the cost of the new salary of teachers will be calculated from various departments including development works which will reach about Rs 310 crore per annum.
“What do you think now, is he too young?” asked Bah Synshar while speaking at a meeting in Sohiong after announcing his name as the party's candidate for the upcoming MLA elections. it's long soon.
Police also seized 36 small vehicles from the Rimpu Bagan house.
Diengdoh said that their complaint is that the statue is in public places, where everyone can see it, including school children.
The NSCN (IM) militants reportedly threatened the MLA for campaigning for the NPP. The incident took place at 11.30 am at Bogapani.
Why? Because Jesus is not of the flesh and blood of this world.
The main reason is that we as the Khasi Khara have not had national unity, since the time of the invasion of the French Government in our State until now, there has never been any cooperation to develop each other. .
He said that the Department of Agriculture and Horticulture will identify the areas that need to deliver fertilizer according to the needs of the farmers in these areas.
However, on 13th July 1833, the British troops arrested him and imprisoned him in Dhaka until his death on 17th November
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Chief Secretary Sniawbhalang Dhar, Chief Secretary DP Wahlang and other government officials arrived at the site last night to inspect the site. of the eyes of the destroyed shlem saiñdur of the Muktiar in the flames.
The CSWO has demanded that the CBI should investigate into the death of Victoria D Kharkongor at the police station in Dispur, Assam.
Wanlem Langchiang.
After the court ordered him to be remanded in custody, he was taken by the police today.
However, a year later, in the 2019 MP election, Jemino Mawthoh, the UDP candidate, received only 6407 votes, while Vincent, the Congress candidate, received 9752 votes.
To combat this discrimination requires measures to bring about change, unless women are equally accepted in all activities related to income and development. that par.
“We are not against the NPR but we must resolve the issues first,” said Bah Jyrwa.
The KSU urges all Khasi politicians to oppose the roster system and demand that it should be implemented prospectively.
Speaking during the election campaign in Mylliem, Bah Hamlet said, “I have worked for the people of Mylliem constituency for only three years, but I am pleased that there are elders who say that the work I have worked for three years equal to those who have worked for 15 years.
According to the complaint, Ardabiang Suchiang cut off Naroi's neck and stabbed her in the stomach. She is in critical condition and is in the ICU at Dr. Norman Tunnel Hospital, Jowai.
Shillong: Traffic jam in Upper Shillong, has continued this evening, starting at 6.30 pm this evening.
The family is recognized as a special group in society: one body consisting of many members.
About 28 teams from different parts of the country have come to participate in the tournament.
Donalisa sustained serious injuries and was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital.
However, as it appears now, the review of this policy may take longer than expected and we see it as necessary to turn to the implementation of the roster system for the We hope that the VPP will take action against this illegal roster system which affects everyone”.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Dr. Donkupa Roy, who is also the Leader of the Opposition, has rejected the allegation by the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma against the UDP. , on Tuesday said that the party has always stood firm on the basis of maintaining peace and order in the state.
" “I don't have to go home.
His body will be buried on Friday at 11 pm at the Presbyterian Church Sohiong.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong will face Minerva Punjab in the I-League 2018/19 at Tau Devi Lal Stadium in Chandigarh today at 2PM. They lost to Real Kashmir FC recently and drew against Minerva earlier.
All small vehicles of the devotees will enter and park at the playground of St. Claret Seminary, Umsning.
Sanbor said that during the elections, all political parties will speak against the BJP, but after the elections, they will want to work with the BJP. The BJP, because they need the BJP in Delhi, in order to get many benefits for the state,” he said.
He said that in rural areas, the incidence of the disease is through unclean sexual intercourse while in urban areas, it is through the use of thyrñia to drink drugs.
Because the gate was closed, the volunteers of KHNAM sat quietly in front of the gate.
Shillong, Jymmang 06 : U Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar on 4th June 2023 inaugurated two tournaments organized by two offices under the jurisdiction of KSU Mawlai Circle.
Thus, sukhun is a word made from the two words suk and khun which means something that is easy to find as needed.
Shillong: The Women Organization of Ri Bhoi District (WORD), an NGO working specifically for women, youth and girls including children in Ri Bhoi District, will honor women students. those who have passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations in various boards in 2019 as well as those who have achieved prominence in university education, women who have achieved prominence in sports and other fields. It is a sign of honor and promotion of Ri Bhoi to the world.
However, after receiving a tip, the police conducted a raid this morning and arrested nine persons from different parts of the EKHD. Commander-in-Chief, General Secretary, and Area Commanders of West Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills, one Registrar and Recorder and 3 members.
There will be countries that will make it a law for one man to marry multiple women.
What should be revealed and spoken, he speaks with firmness but with firmness.
In the men's category, Mawshynrut Block won by beating Rambrai Block 8-0 in the playoff.
Not only that, the village authority has also cut off the drinking water, electricity and has decided that anyone from this village who climbs into her house will be fined T.
Ukrainian reports say 700 civilians were killed around Kyiv and 200 are still missing.
The ark, 410ft long, 95ft wide and 75ft high, is similar to the ark described in Genesis 6:1
In a meeting with the media, the Chief Minister of Assam said that the state government in the past months has been able to employ 41,920 residents of the state. The government has created 22,776 vacancies.
After careful consideration, the court allowed the CBI to take over after the request.
Mawkyrwat, July 04: As part of the celebration of World Environment Day today, 4th July, 2022, Pyndensakwang Village, South West Khasi Hills District, has held a At the same time, they also conducted a cleanliness drive in the surrounding areas of the village with the participation of the Community Led Landscape Management Project (CLLMP).
But neither the Jews nor the Israelites understood anything about these things, as if they were throwing their stones before the pigs.
Up to 189 athletes from the district have represented West Jaintia Hills in the 5th Meghalaya Games
Rikynti was wearing a salwar in blue and white.
The Seng Congress rose.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The commander-in-chief of the Achik National Liberation Army (ANLCA) and his follower have been arrested by police with weapons from Songsak village in East Garo Hills. Hills district on Tuesday morning.
In Umsawwar (Mawkynrew Block) a team from NESFAS and the villagers who attended the workshop sought ways to solve this problem.
“With the construction of guest houses, it will help the village to generate income by welcoming the people in need especially the foreigners who come to visit the village. These are our places if they need to stay overnight,” said Bah Renik.
In the Khasi custom, the syiem is only the ruler and the elders are only the judges, the judges, the judges, not the judges or judges of the affairs. loud.
However, in the evening, we learned that three of us had left to support the NPP and this brought the number to
Shillong, June 17 : The Union of Language Departments of Sankardev College Shillong in collaboration with Bansara Eye Clinic, Shillong has organized a free eye treatment camp for students and teachers. and college office staff.
He said that although there has been a beginning, this place still needs a lot of expenditure so that it can be developed in a proper manner according to the plan.
In the protest against the increase in petrol prices, Chennithala marched in a car pulled by a cow, which was also a ploy by political leaders to appease the government. , on the increase in the price of petrol.
After the State Government announced the need to set up a Covid-19 Committee to fight against the spread of COVID-19 or Coronavirus, the 1-Nartiang Constituency today set up this committee.
Earlier, the Khasi Students Union (KSU) and the HYC had decided to accompany the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi District Council on the 27th July. in the High Court of Shillong.
Electricity Department In the discussion in the House on the Electricity Department, Bah George B. Lyngdoh raised the issue of the non-functioning of electricity meters until the electricity bill is sent to the people.
Such a thinking is very wrong and only the foolish think so.
“The Retina Centre, the leading eye care hospital in Northeast India, provides care to the rural areas, and helps to provide adequate care to those with eye diseases.
The AIPC has about 8000 members worldwide, thousands in the North East and dozens in the state. Streamlet Dkhar, State Incharge, Minimom Laloo, Spokesperson, Prof. Alvarine Dkhar, Retired Professor of Lady Keane College and other members.
Spanish tennis star Rafael Nadal has announced that he will miss the Madrid Masters.
Superintendent of Police (SI) Vikram Marak said that the investigation into the overturning of the truck and the transportation of coal from Khliehrangnah village is ongoing.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: U Dr. Mukul Sangma, Leader of the TMC and Leader of the Opposition, on Tuesday said that the TMC party will reshape the political landscape in Meghalaya by defeating the government. The MDA has not been led by the NPP and has not been able to thank the youth.
Daphisha Kharbani has reached the top 14 of Dance India Dance and will reach the top 12 and top 10 if she wins the competition on Saturday and Sunday. at 9 pm Saturday.
The Waheh Shnong of Nongtalang said this while speaking at a training session with PMGDISHA held at Nongtalang on Thursday.
Besides, it is learned that the residents of Umkhyrmi village have also thrown stones at the border to occupy the land of the Khasi-Pnar people in Block I. to Lum-Lapalang Mukroh to investigate the complaint of the village authorities regarding the crossing of the border by the residents of Umkhyrmi village to occupy the land especially the place of worship which the residents of this village have been using since kulong kumah.
The death toll has risen to 10 in Maharashtra, six in Gujarat, three in Karnataka, three in Madhya Pradesh, two in Delhi and two in Jammu and Kashmir.
He was seriously injured after he shot himself in his quarter at around 9.00 pm on Saturday night with the intention of taking his own life.
According to the 1981 census, the state has a total population of 1335819, of which 829392 are Khasi and Jaintia which is 62% of the total in the state.
The reporter, when asked by Musk, said 'Ex Ash A Twelve' where 'Ex' is the initial letter of the baby's name.
Jopborlang Lyngdoh of SWKH scored 5/28 runs while Shan Borlang Dkhar scored 3/3
However, when the senior office bearers of the Seng have filled and supported him, we see that in 2017-2018 many of the leaders have fled to join other parties.
All the Chief Ministers and Governors of the North Eastern States shared their views, gave suggestions to overcome the challenges and obstacles.
He said that the distribution of these food items is in accordance with the rules.
Sangma also expressed the hope that the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act (AFSPA) will soon be completely repealed from all parts of the North East.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, witnessed the handover of a check of Rs 2 crore for the improvement of the Madan Shad at Lum Pomblang. to improve the dance hall and the seating area for the priests, chiefs, dancers, and the spectators.
Furthermore, on Dr. Mukul's statement, “I will improve the way the media works.
Shillong, June 20: The Seng Khasi (Kmie) Mawkhar Shillong, Shillong, on Tuesday announced that there will be a cleanliness drive at Jaïaw Shillong on the 24th of this month from 9 pm.
The inspection was attended by the MDC of Sohryngkham, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem who is the Chairman of KHADC. was slower.
191 bodies were recovered from Cochabamba between 15 and 20 November, while 141 bodies were recovered from La Paz, said Colonel Ivan Rojas, the country's police chief.
In the past, there have been threats, demands for money, disruption of trade by the Khasi-Pnar people which has caused the people living in these areas to lose hope in the district authorities of Meghalaya.
The first sky was a distant, dark space.
Banshailang Pyngrope President of the NSUI Meghalaya said they are not against the examination but against the manner of conducting the examination.
Staising Kharbteng, Sub-Inspector of Schools, Mawkyrwat in his speech as the chief guest said that the youth have a great role to play in the development of the country. Through Youth Clubs, Self Help Groups and so on, young people, women can do many things to build and also bring about changes in the mental revolution to become citizens who give. benefits in many ways.
In this regard, the Coordinating Committee of Registered MeECL Associations and Unions (CCORMAU) in an emergency meeting, in compliance with the decision of the National Coordinating Committee of Electricity Employees and Engineers (NCCOEEE) adopted by the National The Convention held in Delhi on 2nd July, 2022, to protest against the Electricity (Amendment) Bill 2022 and the Central Government's proposal to introduce a policy to hand over the distribution of electricity to private companies, On Friday, 8th July, 2022, if the Central Government introduces the Electricity (Amendment) Bill 2022 in Parliament, at the same time all the employees and engineers of MeECL will leave their workplaces to Conduct a nationwide protest by carrying placards and banners for 2 hours at all District Headquarters.
The government has lockdown schools, churches and any gatherings even for private individuals to stay at home.
The JBWA has opposed the decision of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima not to slaughter cows at the market in Khanapara.
“The issue at the forefront especially in our constituency is the lack of employment of the youth, because in this constituency there are educated youth”.
Kumto you will send people.
The Hon. General Secretary of WJDSA, Lammat OO Laloo, said that the entry fee is T.1500 per group.
“CM Jha has been arrested from Madhubani district, Bihar,” the CID said. He has been ordered to be brought back to Shillong for further investigation.
Pakistani authorities have talked to the crowd, but have not allowed and demanded that even the judges who decided to release Bibi should be killed together.
Bolwari said that section 74 (2) of the Act stipulates that the Chairperson and members of the Commission shall be appointed by a committee prepared by a committee comprising the Minister of Home Affairs. Section 73 (2) also stipulates that the State Government shall have a Commission within three months of the implementation of the Act.
It is our responsibility now to restore governance based on justice and equality in the State.
She said that people should feel the bank as a friend in their business.
Morales' tweet on Tuesday, published in the Daily Mail, reads: 'My first night after leaving the presidency activist Luis Fernando] Camacho with the help of the police'.
KVK Jaintia Hills District, which conducted the training, distributed 10 cow seeds and syrnod to all those who came to be trained on Tuesday.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sanbor Shullai said that this market is one of the oldest markets since the time of the British.
That's why you came here.
Responding to the decision of the Election Commission, Sarma said he was saddened to hear about it.
In the battle for the trophy, Annu and Neelam have announced the victory to the entire team while Park Seo Yeon has been the winner of the tournament. the opposing team which managed to score only one goal to score for their team.
Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem together with the office bearers of the Nongpoh Block Congress Committee (NBCC) visited the houses and donated tins of sopiing and other items. the equipment needed inside these houses.
The sohphan market was organized with the support of the Meghalaya Integrated Basin Development and Livelihood Promotion Program in collaboration with the district authorities.
The investigation into their involvement is ongoing.
Peter said that he had to go with his mother.
Shillong: Although the celebration of Ram Navami, one of the Hindu festivals, which was celebrated on 30th October this year, the festival was seen as a The Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP), Shillong, has chosen to hold this festival on the 2nd of June.
Ngap is a recognized and protected insect by law like wild animals, lizards, lions and others and because it is inexpensive and easy to care for, many people seek to keep and The government also encourages the people to raise fish.
Speeches were also delivered by the Chief Engineer of PWD (Roads) GK Marak, Rangbah Shnong Bah H Rynjah, local elders and others.
He said that all these measures have been implemented in the past years, but they are different from the ILP and MRSSA because their main goal is to have a thorough review process. to every person who enters the state.
Likewise, this situation has caused anger to the Seng and especially to the people who live and work in this area.
There are also those who are willing to speak at the meetings of political parties and also those who create platforms through the government departments they hold in order to promote themselves.
The legends of the ancients tell us that there are almost extinct signs such as mawbynna, mooknor and others which have a connection with the culture of the Khasi-Pnar people. this is the kingdom.
Khasi or Maram women should be strictly prohibited from talking to any Dkhars.
They urged the factories, car dealerships, shopkeepers, and especially the passengers by car, not to throw garbage anymore but to throw it in the designated place, as they will be very careful here Chess shall not be punished if found guilty.
The Book of Ruth opposes and condemns this as mere myth.
However, he said that their departure from the party will not affect this election as the party will continue to work for the people.
This village falls under Kyrdem raid, Ri-Bhoi district.
This decision is also a very difficult task for the organizers of the tournament to reach this stage, with the lack of sting or without any calculation for those players who have been allowed to participate. in sports fields.
The JSU through its leader Treiborlang R Suchen said that he has also spoken to the Secretary to the Chief Minister and said that the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has take action to assist in the release of salaries of the employees of JHADC and other District Councils in the state.
Condemning the statement of HANM, he said that the village has a relationship with all the political parties and there is never any problem or misunderstanding with other political parties because they respect and work together for the good. you like.
The NPP candidate , Bah K.Nongbri , who contested the MLA election , said that he will support Bah Lieh , in this election as the party will not contest It is the free will of the party to support anyone but he should not be a Congress candidate.
Speaking to media at Shillong Press Club on the allegations, he said that all the work was done in accordance with the provisions of the NEHU Act 1973 and what he did was done in accordance with the rules governing the NEHU Act university.
God the Creator gave them two eyes and these were also placed in such a way that they could see far away.
However, it was important to remember that if parents and families do not take this aspect seriously to give the time and teach their children values, they will not be able to get external education in terms of and this, because it is true that goodness begins at home, as the saying goes. Charity begins at home.
“I don't promise this or that but my promise is to serve with integrity and integrity,” he said.
Not only Smit village was responsible for the Synod but all the neighboring villages came to join hands.
It is worth mentioning that during the distribution of certificates in Mawlai, there are still many villages which fall under Mawlai but do not fall under Mawlai Town Dorbar. However, these villages will be distributed their documents next month at the residence of Mawlai MDC Bah PT Sawkmie at Mawlai Nongpdeng.
The farmers, who marched with tractors today, reached Red Fort after they had crossed the road, which had been arranged with the police for a few hours. day is not late.
“You will die, you will reach this road,” said the MLA, referring to the beauty of the crematorium in the village.
Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit said that in the month of July 2018 alone, there were 17 cases of persecution of Christians across India, but what he asked was “The three Christian MPs of this state He said that the three MPs of the state, including Conrad Sangma, Ma Vincent Pala and Wansuk Syiem, are the “If you are in Parliament, you can speak,” he said.
The raid was conducted last Friday.
Shillong, July 21 : The High Court of Meghalaya has dismissed a PIL petition to stop the illegal mining of shyiap in the state as the case will be taken up by the National Green Tribunal.
The members of the JNV said that Iawmusiang is like a bathroom and if it is dirty many kinds of differences will come out of it.
Shillong, Nailar 6: The Urban Development Department of the State Government is preparing to acquire another 1200 hectares of land in New Shillong. Urban Development Corporation) which costs tens of thousands of rupees.
The DGP himself conducted an inspection of these SF-10s and stressed the need to have strong mental and physical strength to deal with the environment especially at night.
“Toi, good deeds should be revealed to others,” continued the mother. “Yes, I don't think it's right for God to know that and not for people,” explained the father. we are God, not man.
During the meeting, there was a discussion on the issues of jura and how to create measures to seize and curb the spread of drugs in South West Khasi Hills District.
Government authorities have directed departments such as PWD, MeECL and BDO offices to provide emergency assistance to the victims.
The theme of the World Health Day is 'Universal Health Coverage Everyone Everywhere' and the program was held at Lumpariat Jowai on Tuesday at a meeting led by Joseph Khonglah, former Waheh Shnong of Lumpariat.
On the other hand, the Additional Advocate General of the State Government, K Khan, informed the CJ that the Government has done its best to curb the illegal mining and transportation of coal. illegal.
The Minister said the government has allocated T.3,539 crore to strengthen education related activities, including T.1,335 crore as grants-in-aid for salaries. .
The loss is mostly for school children, parents who have to clean before going to school, and others.
From all these incidents, even in the countries that have produced many nuclear scientists who have protected and protected the people in their own countries, the result is only death and destruction. terrible destruction! To what extent can Indian scientists provide security and protection to the people of our country? Based on the facts I have mentioned above and the clear evidence I have presented, I dare to conclude that uranium mining is against the will of the people and will destroy the environment.
He said that if the Government of India can grant ILP to Manipur for only two days, why can't it grant ILP to us Meghalayans? India.
Shillong, November 16: Meghalaya started their first day of the U-16 Boys' Vijay Merchant Trophy by drawing against Mizoram in the U-16 Boys' Vijay Merchant Trophy which was held at Cuttack on Tuesday. They beat the opposition by 179 runs and scored 137/4 before the break.
This means that the nature of the human beast is terrible.
Twelve Congress MLAs led by Dr. Mukul Sangma have joined the Trinamool Congress in Meghalaya. There has been a dramatic change in the political situation in Meghalaya. This state does not have to contest elections.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma on Tuesday said that the talks for the second phase of the border demarcation between Meghalaya and Assam will be held this month.
“The government will not interfere with their presence outside the Municipal or will introduce them into the Municipal but will implement the scheme for the sake of cleanliness,” said Bah Ronnie.
It cannot be said that the advent of mobile phones has enriched the Khasi language a little bit because there are words which we have never heard or spoken before in our language but now we have said or proclaimed it like a foreign language (English). ) from urban to rural areas.
It is also clear that the Supreme Court's decision in Indra Sawhney vs Union of India on adequate representation applies to the OBCs, not to the ST/SCs who have been paid in proportion since begin.
Police later found that the robbers had broken the money in the ground floor of the house of the man after receiving a complaint from Manik Paul who lives in Jail Road that the robbers had stolen the jewelry. Police have also arrested Dilip Nath and allegedly stolen the money.
The concept is the same.
“Regarding the election, Chuba Ao said that the people have already decided and the BJP has won only two MLAs. Long Myntri, the BJP leader said that the BJP cannot take everything for itself and will have to respect others.
Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun has informed the Chief Minister about the Assam destruction of the signboard of the Dohkha Dam at Maikhuli and the ban of the Assam Police. Project of the Water Resources Department at Hawla village on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Furthermore, media reports said that at the rally to be held at Phudmuri, there will be fewer VAB speeches but more will be kob sarong speeches and criticism of the reluctance of the PDF MDCs to attend. to this place to speak to the people.
She also condemned the killing of women and children by the robbers, who have lost their lives and demanded that the law enforcement agencies should investigate and punish the robbers according to the rules of law.
You try your best to hide it, and when you can't hide it anymore, you try to justify it or say it's not true.
Put your children equally in the goal of life, so that they have the responsibility to carry every day whether it is heavy or strong depending on the life of the parents.
Shillong, March 19: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today announced four candidates for the mid-term MDC elections to the KHADC and JHADC to be held on November 13,
Two other goals were scored by Dibinroy Nongspung and Donborlang Nongkynrih to secure Langsning in Group C of the Second Division League.
Also present on the occasion were Pa iem Ainam Manik Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Bah Samborlang Diengdoh, President of Latkor. - Bah Syrpailang Kharkongngor with the members of the group.
In a statement, the President of the Bar Association, S. Chakrawarty and Secretary General, Bah NG Shylla, strongly condemned the incident. , is unacceptable because not only is it a violation of justice, but it is barbaric in this age of light.
Sacred Heart Girls HSS defeated Mawlai Presbyterian HSS by 14 to 3 in the final.
Governments and communities may make laws; but if the villagers do not believe, they will destroy the nation.
The meeting was organized by the Laskein Block Mission Management Union (BMMU) and the Laskein C&RD Block.
Mukul said such statements are the statements of those who are short-sighted, but enlightened people would not say such things.
This shows that before issuing these orders, there was no proper consultation and thought and therefore, there was a stir.
Kolkata: Even animals these days have been discriminated against by religion, according to a petition by the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) in the Calcutta High Court, in which it has strongly opposed the imprisonment of the same animals. the house, the two lions and these are Akbar and Sita.
Shillong, Lber 25: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is also the State President of the National People's Party (NPP), on Tuesday questioned those who criticize the National People's Party (NPP). He has been appointed as the Governor of Meghalaya from 2018 to 2024. There has been no restriction and ban on freedom of worship in Meghalaya.
“To decide on any matter, it is not up to me alone but it is through the support and cooperation of the people,” said Bah Cajee.
Why did the religion of God come into being on earth?
Lyngdoh said the PAC took this issue after receiving a complaint from 14 land owners who have not yet received their land fees.
Instead of introducing a policy that will benefit them forever, to improve agriculture, to introduce other measures to improve agriculture, they have tried to deceive the farmers with a five-year scheme.
“We urge the people to speak out on this issue so that the authorities can hear,” said Vikash.
Shillong: A small bomb was found in the toilet of the Indoor Stadium Nongthymmai by the inspector of the stadium. The General Secretary of the Nongthymmai Sports and Cultural Club immediately informed the police.
Mary G. Momin, Block Resource Person, IE together with LK Singh, Coordinator IE, SSA-West Jaintia Hills Hills District spoke and explained about Inclusive Education and also the 21 There are 10 types of diseases covered by the RPWD Act
He said that KSU members have gone to talk to them to demand that they should not drink water because it is a well that supplies drinking water to the village.
Toshan Kharum is the second son of John F Kharshiing and the second from the state to enter IIT after his eldest brother who passed in
According to their statement, the college authorities have listened to the Minister even after sending many letters to the Principal of the Institute.
Rev.BR Pamshong also spoke on the 'Glory of God' and 'Glory of Man' by taking the example of the Ark of the Covenant to the children of Israel. of the Church.
After a long legal battle, the Division Bench dismissed the case on 6th June 2021, referring it back to the Lokayukta.
More than 1400 para-athletes from 32 states and Union Territories have participated in the tournament.
To not be afraid of the court.
Srinivasa was born in Moodabidre, Karnataka.
The CEM said this after a meeting with the officials of three banks including SBI, Axis Bank and HDFC, except for other banks which did not attend due to their this command has been implemented.
Referring to the Congress's seizure of the Tura Parliamentary Seat after 47 years, Prestone said that in politics, the party is not owned by any family or party. of anyone but it is always the responsibility of the people.
Despite the search operation, the police have not been able to find any trace of these girls and after this, the police have informed all the Police Stations across the country about the disappearance of these girls. two small children.
Why does the Government do so much? Why do the leaders who have been elected by the people treat their own voters badly? The people should think carefully during the elections so that the 5000 and 2000 rupees will not speak to anyone because the problems and backwardness will affect the people if they are influenced by the power of money during the elections. elections.
If people follow these guidelines of the Government, this disease will never spread to other parts of the country.
However, the KHADC understands that the Umiong and Nonglyngkien Kurs are the same and are brothers.
In the complaint, the woman said that on the 13th of this month, the suspect sold to her 11 fake challans at the price of T.34,000 each. one of the places in Nongstoin.
Because we know he will live again.
The delay by Bah PN Syiem to appoint the two vacant EM seats in the EC has also caused problems within the UDP which has the majority of MDCs in the 29-member House.
Shillong: The Governor of Meghalaya has set up three regional committees to discuss seven disputed areas with Assam including Tarabari, Gizang and Hahim in West Khasi Hills, Boklapara and Khanapara-Pillangkata in Ri Bhoi District and Ratacherra in East Jaintia Hills District.
Also present on the occasion was the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
He said that the committee will include Rangbah Shnong, Secretary, Doctors and others.
In addition, the sub-committee shall take measures to prevent the purchase and sale of goods at the low prices set by the District Council from time to time.
In this regard, police are conducting investigation to track down the robbers who were involved in the burning of the house.
Shillong: Nongumbar is a village with only 25 households on the border with Bangladesh in South West Khasi Hills District. These days, the village does not have a Job card, electricity and water supply.
“In order to reach the goal, we need the farmers to sell their cleaned and packaged produce so that they can earn more.
Rapkmen Suiam (40) and her daughter Daiowbiang Suiam (3) died of injuries in the fire, while her husband Borsing Tyngkan and two children Rime Suiam (15) and Meda Suiam (17) died of the fire. I was taken to the hospital.
Sources said that talks are ongoing to welcome the leaders of the UDP and other parties.
He said that the earthquake has reached the bottom of the house and it is a threat to the people living inside it and therefore as the village leader he appeals to the authorities. district and NHAI to pay the compensation of these land owners and that the village cannot be held responsible if anything bad happens, but the government authorities and NHAI should take responsibility if happen this.
Other speakers were from the Mawkyrwat Prebyterian Church led by T.Bn.
At the meeting, the Minister said that it is necessary to improve the education sector through the appointment of teachers at the elementary level, to review and study the State Curriculum Framework (SCF) in relation to The National Curriculum Framework (NCF) before the implementation of the New Education Policy 2020 and also to put forward the current initiatives of the State Government in the improvement of schools, the improvement of education through Vidya Samiksha Kendra and to streamline the distribution of salaries to school teachers.
Thorium (230), the longest-lived element, lasts hundreds of thousands of years – literally forever.
In the meeting, which lasted for several minutes, Venkat asked Suchane about the death of her son, to which Suchana replied that she did not know anything. She said that at the time she went to sleep, her son was still alive, but when she woke up, the son died. .
The last time he recalled the encouragement of Bah Hoping to contest the election was during the discussion on the management of the MLA Scheme in Nongstoin. He said to me, 'I'm more pleased with you' and since then he has said that besides driving, he also has to enter various offices for the MLA Scheme of Bah Hoping.
He said that no one can stop the work of journalists, because they have their power and it is the right and duty of the media to show the shortcomings and to inform the people of the truth and what is necessary.
Shillong, March 28: The Congress supporters from Nongstoin have said that they will defeat the party candidate if Bah Gabriel Wahlang wins the mid-term elections from Nongstoin.
The most attractive place for the visitors from abroad is the traditional food stall at the Polo Fifth Ground where almost all the visitors go to taste these foods which are not available in the shops now.
What is the benefit of the Government to support such youths to study medicine through the State budget when they have the authority to pay the fees after graduation and there is no benefit because the State is facing insufficient problems. doctors.
The Kur Kurkalang has gone to stop the construction of the road twice in the past months and the DFO has come to talk to them. The Kur has not yet decided to proceed with the construction of this road.
Furthermore, to prevent or avoid this disease, Dr. Sahariah said that there are 8 ways to prevent and avoid this disease including that we should work to to reduce blood pressure, to check blood pressure, to eat healthy foods, to reduce physical activity, not to smoke and to see doctors regularly. of Christ.
The president of Mahila, Joplin Shylla, said that unfortunately, the prices of mur in the city differ from one village to another and this should be looked into by the district authorities.
During the meeting, the DC also requested information through RTI on the presence of foreigners in the district and to provide the name, EPIC number, address and other information required from each constituency. .
The purpose of this request is to ask for advice on how to contest from the same party or to find another way.
Speaking to media, Kong Reality said that she learned of this from the information of the people who bought these drugs in the belief that they were Marvelous oil produced by her.
On the other hand, the union has invited the Minister to be the chief guest at the final match of the Super League 2023 which will be held on the 13th of this month at 1:30 pm. PWD Mawsynram Square.
Sabitra Bhandari, Yee Yee Oo (4 goals), Win Theingi Tun and Fairplay were named top scorers.
This does not mean that it helps Lalit Modi,” Rijiju said.
The Mission was launched by the Minister of Women and Child Development, Government of India, Smriti Irani on July 8, 2022 in Shillong.
We knew from the beginning that such a thing would happen and we were well prepared for it,” said Angshuman Bora, Mevani's lawyer.
It is believed that this missile is a scud and that they can shoot at any country that they feel should fight against.
However, the Speaker of the Dorbar, Teilinia Thangkhiew, did not allow the opposition to disrupt the Dorbar, as she accepted that according to the rules, if they want to discuss, they should send a letter. to amend these laws, but as they did not send a letter, she said that she did not want to discuss.
The team led by Bah Donboklang Lyngdoh, Arjun Sewa, Pynhunlang Kharbuli and Sunil Rathee as coaches and managers of the team has left for the India Open International Karate Championship The tournament will be held on 17th and 18th July 2023 at Talkotara Indoor Stadium, New Delhi.
Other speakers were Bah M Lamare, Assistant District Agriculture, Kong E Buam, Deputy Manager, DPMU, Bah S Rani, District Horticulture Officer. Starwell Paduna, Deputy Manager, DPMU and at the end of the meeting, Kong M Syngkon, Assistant Manager, DPMU welcomed the guests. Sabha said that so far, there is no intention on the part of the government to extend the term of the Lok Sabha, Assemblies in the States and others at the same time.
From the start of the game, Axelsen was able to control the whole game until the end where he didn't allow his opponent to take the lead in the goal-scoring battle.
This is in response to the decision to charge T.2 per liter from the petrol & diesel tax and the price increased yesterday to T.
After this, the Expert Committee came to Shillong in 1977, where KAS organized a public exhibition of various Khasi books written by prominent writers of the nation, which was held at St Anthony's. The Chairman of the Expert Committee, who has seen what he has seen, has promised to propose to the Sahitya Akademi (SA) to recognize the Khasi language.
The Sohra MDC said that the Prime Minister has already allocated funds for the improvement of the road from Umtngar to Sohra.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma on Tuesday informed the Assam Legislative Assembly that Mukroh village is still within the border of Assam and under the jurisdiction of West Karbi Anglong. District.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat has announced that the price of ration has been revised from November
Khliehriat, 28th November: The District Administration of East Jaintia Hills District has held a meeting of the District Peace Coordination Committee, on 27th November, 2014 at 11:00 am at the office of the Deputy Commissioner. Ma JDkhar, MLA 6-Khliehriat, Hopeful Bamon, MLA-5 Sutnga and Rangbah Shnongs of the district were present.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 03: The 3 Day Volleyball Tournament 2024 was held at Madan Saitsnad, Mawlangwir. District.
At the same time, the Minister also thanked the police for their efforts in arresting 11 leaders including members of the newly formed armed group National Liberation. The National Council of Rural Development (NLCN) last month.
The Minister promised that these too will be considered.
He also informed them that he will deliver the tins of household items on the next day for those whose houses have been damaged.
“If you want to fight, you should have strong opinions and you shouldn't make unfounded allegations,” said Bah HDR. and just because my son didn't work, I sent my gang to shoot and kill him.
Although many of the Jewish people and especially the rich and the poor who were suffering from persecution were prepared and expected to rise up with a strong mass protest against the Emperors, the Lyngskor of the Roman Empire and also against the the Jewish Ruler-Judges.
" There are other places where men marry many women, and have many children.
Nongpoh, Nailar 08: The collapse of hills along the 4 Lane Highway, has been happening every day, which has caused damage to the people living near the highway, in Ri-Bhoi district. .
On this occasion, the faithful were encouraged by the encouraging songs from various choirs from the morning and afternoon services.
There were three people on board the helicopter, including a senior officer, Kamlesh Joshi and two pilots.
The inhabitants are also friendly, respectful even though they are poor.
It is learned that the robbers who stole his bike, committed the crime early in the morning.
The age limit for U-13 will be children born in 2011 and
Inside the House, Marki Mulieh, the only MDC in the opposition, raised many questions including the spending of MDCs from fuel, travel expenses and others. The opposition MDC said that he has not received a clear and satisfactory answer to himself and the people.
“We have called the two groups that have lodged a complaint against the Syiem, but the Syiem has asked for 4 months but the KHADC has given only 2 months because this hearing has been held four times now. ", said Mr. Pyniaid.
“We demand that the Government should take immediate action to look into the challenges faced by the education sector.
The incident happened on the 22nd of this month at 1:30 PM. BSF troops patrolling at Amsku, a village about 4 km from Muktapur village, had to shoot 10 bullets. to expel the Bangladeshis who came to smuggle stone into the Amsku River.
On the other hand, the police have requested the public not to spread any rumors about this incident.
Jowai, July 13: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, Minister of State for Home Affairs, on his visit to the District Museum, West Jaintia Hills District, which is located behind the Building, District Library and Auditorium. Arts & Culture expressed its dissatisfaction with the museum which is too poor compared to others.
Regarding the ticket race in Nongkrem, the Senior Advisor of Nongkrem, Bah Bindo M Lanong, said that he will contest from Nongkrem and the incumbent MLA of Nongkrem, Bah Lambor Malngiang. “As of now, we have not decided who will contest on the UDP ticket from Nongkrem and as the party's constitution stipulates that it is the State Election Committee that will contest on the UDP ticket. The committee has not yet held a meeting to decide who will be given the ticket.
Leaders of the KSU, NKHD, HNYF, RB, led by Ferdynald Kharkamni, President KSU and Bah Marcus Marten, President HNYF, met with the DC Ri Bhoi Dr. Pooja Pandey today. They learned that the distribution of ration cards to those who are eligible was done through the 2011 census under the National Food Security Act.
It is to be recalled that in 2002 at Khanduli, (L) Bah EK Mawlong, MR Meghalaya for a short time, was able to reach an agreement with MR Assam PK Mahanta to re transfer all the The land of the Khasi Pnars in Meghalaya.
It is the best example for us Khasi to return to our ancestors, and we are very grateful to those who hold on to our ancestors through whom we still have the opportunity to return.
“This demand (Garoland) is not only within the state, but it has the support of everyone and therefore it is not difficult or a long journey to achieve.
Mynsh’wa the days, I still see.
“Through this channel we can send programs to the constituencies and this has made it easier to spread the news because of the presence of our own channel,” he said. “It is a great opportunity for the people to know more about the KHADC and also the daily activities of the KHADC,” said Bah Titos.
Congress MP Manish Tewari said he had received information that the BJP government intends to increase the number of MPs in the Lok Sabha to 1,000 ahead of the 2024 MP elections.
This is according to the science of the human moon, which runs every 28 days.
Therefore, we strongly condemn this Kong that her allegations are not true and unfounded.
She added that culture is not the work of the mind, it is the work of the heart.
The decision was taken by the Spokesperson of the Government, who is also the Minister, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who said that the Cabinet has taken the decision. decided to implement one of the long standing issues and that is to increase the grant in aid for Pre-Primary Schools.
Khliehmuchut scored the first goal through Arwan Phadong (48) and this goal lasted until the end of the first half.
Adding to his speech, Bah Pius Marweiñ encouraged and congratulated all the Pastors, Tymmen Basan, Elders of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod Sepngi for their continued efforts. the presence of the Lord God from above.
He also expressed his happiness to be able to open this Counseling Center which Mylliem has been waiting for for decades.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Barak Valley Circle held a General Meeting on 13th Nov, 2021, at Seva Kendra Hall, Silchar to elect the new Leaders for the term 2021-2
“It's Niakha.
“In my tenure as MLA in the last four years, I have been able to bring about many development projects in the constituency.
The fact is that 90% of the members of the Committee and Government officials of various departments who will decide on sports activities, are people who have no knowledge of sports and do not know how to play sports.
All of them are Indian players.
Jai Hind.
On this occasion, youths who have contributed to the organization and in the community were also honoured.
Shillong, November 22: In a meeting with the Chief Election Commissioner (ECI) AK Jyoti today, the political parties in the state including the NCP, KHNAM and UDP have demanded that the Election Commission should provide accurate counting of the elections. to ensure that the vote cast on the EVM will be the same as the vote cast on the Voter Verifiable Paper Audit Trail (VVPAT).
DNA discoveries about the relationship between peoples in India and those who lived during the Indus Valley Civilization have confirmed the discoveries of scholars , writers and others about indigenous peoples .
The Chief Minister said that the state is losing royalty revenue from the ban on mining and trading of coal in the state.
The party also urges all the MDCs to think about protecting the jaidbynriew in all aspects by introducing and making various laws and policies and not to get involved in money laundering. stir up the shuki.
“The Association with great responsibility has been monitoring these activities to ensure that there will be no tragic incidents.
Bah Kharumnuid said that in the past, the entire market used to sell 30 to 40 pigs per day but now 10 pigs per day.
Even the government has provided assistance through various schemes from the agriculture sector, and urged to fight as much as possible so that the price should not rise when marketing agricultural products to any place, he said. of Wildard.
“At present we have only 23 MLAs in the House but in 2023 we want to win 32 and rule alone,” he said.
Along the way, Rida's friend had many thoughts to praise Niakha's goodness.
Please do whatever is necessary,” said the letter sent to the District Collector-cum-Returning Officer.
I respect the former Chief Minister, Dr. DD Lapang who said 'Don't appoint those who can't pass the Written Examination, the administration will collapse'
Speeches were also delivered by the Principal of the College, Dr. Banida Kharkongor, education officers, Mawphlang MLA Eugene Lyngdoh, Sohiong MLA Samlin Malngiang and others. Mawphlang MDC Bah Lamphrang Blah, Pastors and Management of the College.
He said whether the KHADC provides schemes for the benefit of the people or for the benefit of the Syiem and his ministers.
The NGT has also fined other states thousands of crores for failing to curb pollution of the environment including rivers and seas.
Speaking to media on 27th October, Bah Paul said that Shillong used to be the headquarters of the Congress party, but there has been a major change in the political situation in India. “This has helped the UDP and the RDA. He said that this has happened because on the one hand there is a lack of interest in the BJP. They have no intention of contesting in Meghalaya.
Through the language of the speaker he tries to convey his thoughts to another who listens and listens to him.
The ceremony was held at the home of Marbha Nongrang at Umbir Village, Ri Bhoi District. The ceremony was attended by the leaders of the Nongrang Kur including Bah Switbert Nongrang, Rangbah Kur, Bah Diwarson Nongrang and others.
Shillong Lajong, who have been champions for the past four years, have won their fourth title in the Meghalaya State League
Hasina left Dhaka at 9:20 pm along with two others on an Air India flight to Kolkata, and from Kolkata they will take another flight to Meghalaya, he said. Salahuddin's brother Ghyusuddin Ahmed told a Bangladeshi news agency.
He also criticized the central and state governments for failing to implement the PM Kisan Scheme in the state.
He urged the people and all the members of the society to cooperate to improve the development works in the area.
No one was injured either on the part of the driver or the son of the owner of the shop who was sleeping inside the shop. destroyed.
Chairman JAC, Ma Lasting Pala said that the problem is that the Government/NHAI has blacktopped the parts of the road that are still in good condition and left the crematoria along the road.
Besides these Ministers, those who attended the ceremony included Bah RR Kharbuki, MDC Umroi, Dr. CJK Wajri, BDO Bhoirymbong Block, Commander Shangpliang, President HFU Sengkmie and others. .
Expressing his confidence that the UDP will lead the new government, Dr Aman said, “The UDP will be stronger from today.
At the same time, Shillong received 12.6mm of rainfall while Umiam received 4.9mm.
The wet star is the one that is strongest and strongest when carrying khoh.
“There should be a simple policy to ensure that the people do not face difficulties in the trade, by using the existing equipment such as Integrated Check Posts, by connecting the MR. He added that such cooperation between these countries will help in improving the situation in all aspects.
He said the government has decided to increase the fees of VECs from 1 percent to 2 percent for work worth T.20,0
I would like to point out that in the past I could not speak and I am a true member of FKJGP where I held as President of FKJGP Mawsynram Circle.
He concluded by saying that if Amlarem grows, Ri-Lum Jaintia will also grow and so will the state as a whole. He also urged the students who received this award to have a strong cooperation in life.
I am ready to discuss the work of the Congress and BJP in this constituency,” said Gourab.
“We followed the rule and proceeded according to the rules so that whenever the ministry presents to the government, it will decide how and the dates will be decided and everything and everything else," said Sangma to the newspapers.
“If it were me before I came, I would make sure that all 12 people are one and will also attend the meeting,” he said, expressing his surprise that out of the 12 people, only 8 people attended the meeting.
The Priest visited several booths from doctors’ residences and had the opportunity to meet doctors, health workers, pharmacists and beneficiaries who received referral examinations and medicines free of charge.
About 2,000 players from 188 countries will take part, the highest number in the history of the Chess Olympiad.
The semi final of the Super Division Football Tournament 2023 will start at 2 pm today between Iatyllilang SC and Mawkriah West SC. The 'U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy 2023' was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai today at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, South Jowai.
Haya has reportedly been planning for a long time to escape from her Dubai residence with her husband, Sheikh.
Shillong: The Sadar Police Station today summoned the General Secretary of the FKJGP, Bah Eldie N Lyndoh, to appear before the Laitumkhrah Police Station. Foreigners were shot dead in Dhanketi area during a rally held by the party on 28th March from Motphran to Madan Iewrynghep.
The order from the DC's office also states that shops, pharmacies, veterinary shops, liquor shops, car repair shops, petrol pumps and shops selling household goods will not be open. sun.
According to the information received by this reporter, the students were supposed to start the affidavit since 2014 but despite the increase in the number of students who have spent money to go upstairs but have not yet received their scholarship.
Jopibromitre Dkhar scored the first goal for Tpeppale in the 33rd minute while Heinthrang Lyngdoh scored the first goal for Mooknor Thadmuthlong in the 30th minute.
Under the leadership of Asst.Superintendent Bah D Nongsiej, members of the KSU under the leadership of Samla Ennocent Khongstia, President and Samla Ksanborlang Thabah, General Secretary. documents of vehicles with registration numbers from other states like Assam, Nagaland and others.
While we are now struggling, we have to draw water from the wells.
“The HNLC issue is also a difficult issue like the border settlement issue, where we cannot just set the rules to proceed and it is an issue that needs to be addressed. role in moving the conversation forward".
Dulong beat Lutituber Ialong 2-0 in the first division football tournament.
SOMALA on Friday reminded that the state has the Land Transfer Act, 1971 which is in force. The chief rulers were forbidden to give any land titles to other nations.
“Of course, we have already sent three names to the High Command to decide who will be given the ticket but this evening, it has sent us a message that we should not nominate candidates this time but we should just I support the NPP candidate,” said Bah Shibun.
Shillong, Lber 15: Flowers, sponge clothes, ryndia clothes, ksing ki dhah have been prepared along with the tynghung in the car to welcome and welcome the Sordar of Mawryngkneng.
The organization has since enrolled more than 600 students studying in urban areas.
He said that the incident happened at 10:30 pm and it was through the speed of the residents that the fire was extinguished. fire extinguisher.
The governments of Assam and Meghalaya should wait for the border dispute to be resolved before taking any action that will affect them.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, on Tuesday said that some villages have asked him about the letter they have received from the C&RD Block for the establishment of a Gram Sabha Committee for the implementation of the My. Village My Development Plan is a scheme of the Government of India.
Hiraba, the mother of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, passed away on Tuesday at the age of
The passengers will be flown to Fort Lauderadale, as they were scheduled.
Therefore, through his speech, he encouraged the youth who have athletes to try to participate in all kinds of sports so that it will be of help because as of now as South West Khasi Hills District there is only 11 types of games.
Starwin said the minister will send a letter to the District Selection Committee (DSC) and the MPSC to implement the quota for the disabled.
Up to 93795 people have been infected in the past few years but 92196 people have recovered.
The second phase of the project is ambitious and it is targeted that at least 4000 youths will be employed as soon as the project is completed.
Khliehriat, July 28: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Wapung Unit, under the leadership of its President, Bah Deiniwan Lyngdoh, on Tuesday distributed tins of household items to the Wapung Unit. Smatlang Dkhar's family was injured in a fire.
The Bhupen Hazarika Setu, India's tallest bridge across the waterway, has been stalled since 2003, and was reopened in June
“We have seen that even in class I-2, there is a dropout in school and we need to study to find out the reasons,” said Bah Shangpliang.
The three days Shad Suk Mynsiem is held annually by the Seng Khasi Seng Kmie as a sign of thanksgiving to God for the blessings he has bestowed upon us. son of man.
“The Court has ordered that all coal traders and owners can pay tax three times and must complete it within 45 days instead of 14 days.
Shillong: Speaking at the opening session of the 2021-2022 Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly, U Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik today said that it is the duty of the state government to strive for the development of This is enshrined in the Constitution of the country.
Explaining about the two villages to be transferred to Assam, Tutiapara (Tutiabazar) is a Nepali village and Malchapara is a Garo village.
Speaking on the number of tiensih that people release jynhaw these days, Bah Dispar said that there are two reasons, one is the lack of training and education. “The education in the households is no longer sufficient, it is no longer in line with the right to longtrai,” he said.
Mairang, Naitung 14: The President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday said that it is the laws that have affected the poor and it is the laws that have killed the people.
Speaking on the outbreak of Covid-19, Bah Hunlang said.
The committee also confirmed that the race called by the JAC for the VC is still ongoing.
During the inspection by the village leaders of Umbuda, it was also found that dozens of houses which have been built have been destroyed and covered with forests, because there is no one to look after or take care of them. For more than 6 and 7 years, even the contractor has left without completing the construction of this house for the poor families in the Nongpoh area.
There are three vacant EM seats after the resignation of the Congress MDCs. One of these seats is the Deputy CEM seat while the Chairman seat has been filled by the MDC himself, Bah L.G. Reader.
Stating that the truth stands, Saleng said that the Lamphang who has resigned as MP will have to revoke his order.
Route:- VIP Gate, J.N.Sports Complex, Polo (0 Km) – Golf Link – Lailad Shyiap (1 Km) – PTS – Mawroh Junction (2 Km) – F.C.I Main Gate (3 Km) – MeECL Lumjingshai – Shillong Secondary School – B.S.N.L quarters (4 Km) – 67 CRPF Main Gate – Merin’s Restaurant – VIP Gate, J.N.Sports Complex, Polo (4.85 Km).
Speaking at the gathering, Congress members DD Lapang said that while the country is celebrating the 125th birth anniversary of Dr. BR Ambedkar, the Prime Minister of the country is celebrating the 125th birth anniversary of Dr. BR Ambedkar. Narendra Modi is trying to create many ways to form a government in the Congress-ruled areas.
Returning to Meghalaya, one after another allegations of corruption have appeared from day to day but until now these allegations of corruption have ended only in handshakes and pointing fingers only at the Social Media and only in the media.
It meant that neither the Jews nor his brothers believed in him.
UDP candidate Lakhon Biam has resigned from NPP MDC Shemhok Garod from Nongbah Constituency while NPP candidate Jesse Suiam has resigned from Congress MDC Laitsing Shylla from Nongbah Constituency. Ummulong-Moodymmai Constituency.
Besides the chief guest, the meeting was also attended by Waheh Shnong Ma Pynkhalinbor Dhar, Secretary Shnong Ma Bujli Sumer, Village Office bearers and others.
Union Home Minister Amit Shah on Tuesday said special allocation for women was not a political issue for the ruling BJP. but the kingdom is not the glory.
“We have decided unanimously that we will not take part in any attempt by the KHADC to file a complaint on this issue in any court,” said the 11 NPP MDCs. “The letter sent to the media signed by the Vice Chairman of the Border Committee, Bah Jambor War is wrong.
Shillong: A group of youths from different villages in the Riwar Mihngi, after months of discussion, have come forward to announce that they have set up the Riwar Mihngi Development Organization (RMDO) to look after the and to work together for the development of the region and the welfare of the community.
We took the decision together".
Those who close until 10 pm will be charged T.1500 per night and after 10 pm will be charged T.2500 per night.
Informing that the increase in the price of umphniang is a problem not only for the State or India but for the world as a whole, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “I will sit down with the Prime Minister to discuss this issue. Let us see how we can solve the problems of the people.
The remaining funds have been used to prepare the projects as there are three government departments under the MEIDP. These are the PWD Department, the Tourism Department and the Sports Department. project” said the Prime Minister's Secretary.
Leaflet: Slakot - a leaflet that is distributed to the public on the street.
On the other hand, Bah Shngaiñborlang immediately informed the police to help in the search.
The new cases include EJH: 1, EKH: 46, RBD: 3, SWGH: 1, WJH: 3 and WKH:
He also appealed to the parents when their children are under 18 years old not to allow their children to drive cars or two wheelers as it can often lead to accidents. who are sad.
He said the BJP's decision not to contest the Lok Sabha elections from Meghalaya came after a thorough assessment that the party would not reach its goal.
However, she admitted that not a single water pipe has been connected to Asikandi or other villages under these two projects.
“We have seen the demand of ACHIK that the registration year for the implementation of the Roster should be from 1972 and they have also promised that if the government implements the Roster of Reservation Policy not from 1972, “They will appeal to the Supreme Court that the rights of the Garo people have been violated,” he said.
The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District has suspended the micro containment in Mookyrdup village which was placed in two houses on 9th July
Nongstoin, Nailar, 05: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Nongstoin District, has declared the 15th July 2023, as a day of alcohol ban in the district, as it is the Independence Day of India.
Access to digital services promotes consolidationDigital opportunities accelerate economic growth through access to financial services, consolidation, greater efficiency and unlocking opportunities.
At the end of the meeting, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, handed over a letter to Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet, which is also a letter from the District Council, which has authorized the Syiem of Raid Marwet to shall be the Head, in relation to overseeing and assisting the District Council in the issuance of permits for foreign trade.
The Voter Slips will be distributed at least 5 days before the polling to all voters whose names have been registered on the Electoral Roll by the DEO's office. to choose their leaders.
All the hill organizations fall under the jurisdiction of NEDA, as they are branches under its jurisdiction.
Shillong, July 6: A man has collapsed on the ground floor of the Civil Hospital, Shillong at 9:30 am this morning and has been admitted to the hospital for treatment. The victim was pronounced dead before being taken to hospital.
The deceased were identified as Makest Beori, 25, of Uttauranagar, Dumar Kirki, 23, of Kaireugee, Nepal and Md. Mathur Rahman, and Sutnga, East Jaintia Hills District.
The Labor Union of West and East Jaintia Hills has also supported the factory and at the same time has suggested to employ 60 percent of the Khasi Pnars.
He said that many shops especially in the market have closed down and only 5 or 6 out of more than 30 meat shops in the market have opened.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 22 cases including 5 high risk cases, 4 cases from Laitumkhrah cluster, 1 case from Madanryting cluster, 1 case from Mawlai Mawroh cluster, 1 case from Mawprem cluster, 7 cases from Pynthorbah cluster and 3 cases from Sunny Hills cluster. .
On the other hand, the NPP candidate from this constituency, Kong Grace Kharpuri, while speaking at the meeting, said that almost everyone asks her whether she is strong or not to the border villages. The meeting was held in the area near Shella village.
The reason for the decline in the market of kyiad in these days is due to the coal ban and the increase in the price of kyiad.
Bhaboklang Nongpluh scored 26 runs from 23 balls and Mebanshan Kharsati took two wickets for 17 runs in 4 overs for Laitjem CC. Nongdawah lost 10 wickets in 16.5 overs and scored only 61 runs.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle has strongly condemned the robbers who attacked the VDPs of Lakroh Village and injured the Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Shnong of Lakroh Village.
The program was organized by the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan (NYKS), in collaboration with the Silver Rose Cultural Institute – Youth Department;  as part of training and empowering our students as leaders to take part in the affairs of the country and the nation.
This happened this Sunday.
Sidharth Benerjee President Jaintia Cement Manufacturers Association, Kitbok Rymbai Waheh Shnong Khliehtyrshi were the chief guests and guest speakers in the presence of leaders and members of WJHDCA. The program on “Health, Education and Protection of Girls” organized by the BDO Office, Mawryngkneng C&RD Block, East Khasi Hills District has been held for about six months. Mawryngkneng MLA Bah Heavingstone presented awards to the girls who have excelled in the fields of education, sports and disabilities. Kharpran as the chief guest and RM Kurbah, IAS, DC, East Khasi Hills District as the sponsor.
“My father showed me the documents of the land in his name and said that it is not in dispute.
You must apply on the application form, filling in your name and surname.
After receiving a tip on the incident, Phulbari PS police rushed to the scene to stop the clash and took nine persons who sustained minor injuries to Phulbari CHC. Nojrul Hoque was sent to a better hospital with injuries to his face.
The “Hok Ka Sot” is the way of life of the Khasi since ancient times, which we as today should preserve.
During the verification visit, the KSU found that the passbook machine had been installed and verified that it was working, which was witnessed by the Branch Manager who confirmed that the machine was indeed installed.
Explaining to the Rangbah Shnong and Longsan of Raid Marwet, the Minister and Basan of Mylliem Hima, said that the allegation by these two men was completely wrong and unfounded.
All these projects which have been completed fall under Zikzak C&RD Block, South West Garo Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: About half of the 375 candidates contesting the Lok Sabha elections are crorepatis.
After the incident, the robbers fled the scene and the management of the temple immediately informed the police for investigation.
“Meghalaya as a whole is just a spectator, it is easy to resolve now because it is the same government.
The SRT held a meeting to discuss the issue of inheritance which is the right of the rangbah and the meeting was chaired by Bah Shining Warjri, Chairman Shongpadiah of the dorbar.
The KSU will meet the DC Ri Bhoi to discuss the implementation of the Adhar Card, so that it will not cause misunderstanding among the people, he said.
From T.80/- to T.150/-, from T.100/- to T.200/-,” said the leaders of FKJGP and KSU. AJTCVA has convened a meeting on the 19th of this month at Conference Hall Paradiso, Jowai to discuss the price of petrol and diesel by T.7/-.
Chasing 82 runs, Meghalaya lost Raj Biswa without scoring a run and Chiraq with only two runs.
The Officer of the department promised to send his personnel to repair these signs in Nongtalang on Saturday morning.
“This social agreement between the government and NTPC in 2007 is the government in which the MLA who brought this motion is also involved.
At the same time, the government will take up talks with the Assam government to discuss the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council.
Through this meeting, these village leaders and Seng Longkmie, had the opportunity to discuss and inform the Police Chiefs of Ri Bhoi, on the problems they face from time to time, especially in relation to the spread of the disease. illegal liquor shops, the movement of coal trucks on these village roads, the speeding of drivers on these village roads and others, which are also issues that are essential for the welfare of the village. the whole area.
Speaking at the meeting, Ms. SM Wanniang, MJS, explained about the working of the District Legal Services Authority (DLSA). NDPS Act 1985.
Shillong: The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) has allocated T.1936.37 crore to the state government for the year 2019-2020 to support farmers and improve agriculture. agriculture and small scale industries that are starting to operate in the state.
Bhalang falls into the motion group.
Mei-mariang is indeed a beautiful mother in which she produces many kinds of fruits, different kinds of fruits in their own rights, health in their own ways, they are necessary. until then for the living creatures, such as birds, animals, wild animals, especially human beings who are the masters among all the creatures of God, to have physical strength, health and a strong rynïeng rynïot.
At the meeting, a swearing-in ceremony was held on the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra, to make India a developed and self-sufficient country by
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Wapung Unit has urged the Village Covid Management Committee (VCMC) to assist the government in speeding up the contact tracing and to ensure that all the residents who came from the PHC on the 21st and 22nd November 2013. They should undergo quarantine and follow strictly the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Government of India.
Nongpoh: A meeting of the Congress supporters in Umroi Constituency, Bhoirymbong, on Saturday, was held to confirm the office bearers of the new Umroi Block Congress Committee (UBCC). ).
“Pala doesn't know where he got the vote,” said Sniawbhlang.
Many political parties have demanded that an inquiry be launched and strict action be taken against those involved.
Jowai, Naiwieng 27: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 was held today at the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai Stadium. Kiang Stadium, North Jowai.
Rangdajied United FC (second in 2019) will play against Hynniew Wasa FC on the 12th of June at Kiang Nangbah. Stadium, Jowai.
The state government has been able to curb the spread of Covid-1
During the Eucharistic procession in 2017 and 18, the Lyngdohsad urged us to ensure that we do not pollute the environment.
Therefore, the union is deeply saddened after hearing the complaints of the farmers from Sasniang to Pombriew-Ladjynrai-Sohsynniang and Nongbah Rangblang villages regarding the construction of the Nongstoin-Wahkaji road. in which by the soil erosion into the rice fields it has been a great loss for the farmers of the whole neighbourhood.
Referring to the increase in the number of illegal shopkeepers around Shillong, Saleng said that these people have not been there in the past 4-5 years but now they are selling their goods. eyes throughout the City.
“I hope that the issues I have raised in this session, such as Industry, Power, Mining, Taxation, Excise and C&RD, will come up. Well Adelbert.
While 5 others were injured.
Regarding the reports in various media, on the insults and calling of vendors by the law enforcement agencies in the past few days, on her part, she strongly condemns this act of these people of the law to those whose names are not known.
To date, these parties are still working together and in agreement within the government.
On Saturday, Manipur Chief Minister Biren Singh made it clear that the state government will strongly oppose the bill.
Some of the issues that he will take care of as an MLA are to achieve the goal of including the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution, to establish a Medical College, to ensure that Northern Ri Bhoi College will continue to move forward to open an Industrial Training Institute (ITI) at Nongkhrah and also to take care of employment opportunities for the youth of the area besides improving health and The C&RD Block has been established in Umden.
He also denied that the implementation of Article 371 would lead to the abolition of District Councils in Meghalaya.
During the investigation, he confessed that he had committed the robbery of ATMs in Madanrting, Laitumkhrah, Rynjah and Laban.
The Committee is also deeply concerned about the unemployment of the youth not only because they do not get government jobs but also because they do not have the opportunity to set up their own jobs.
He said that some people have received his phone numbers, phones and often he has to drop off and pick up patients from hospitals when they do not have motor vehicles in this area which is backward in all aspects.
After the march, they conducted a Signature Campaign with the participation of students, teachers and the public. on the intention to fight against harmful effects from tobacco.
The authorities of the three Hima, Mylliem, Jirang and Nongspung Hima today vowed to appeal to the Supreme Court (SC) if the government does not investigate further. the soskular is not signed.
So they were glad, and made merry, and were glad.
“The number of blind people is because they suddenly face diseases and the cure for them is difficult,” said Bah Lyngwa. They should not be afraid but should be referred immediately so that they can get proper treatment.
Whoever gives thanks, gives thanks to God and will receive a reward from God.
He is now but the world does not recognize him until he commands to build the fourth Temple in Jerusalem.
““However, at this time, some of the truck drivers did not agree and it is on this basis that the ongoing investigation has been conducted.
Those who attended the meeting were Bah WL Snaitang, Secretary Mawkyrwat Village, Bah Stalyne H. Diengdoh, MCS and retired SDO.
Warmawsaw Village has strict rules on marriage and there are also rules that the village has set for those who come and go.
The English language is the most established language in the world and when it takes over any foreign language it cannot be complained or compared because it is accepted by the whole world.
For more information please call
The BJP protesters protested and said that they should march and reach their destination at the AAP headquarters. Sachdeva, party MPs Manoj Tiwari and Parvesh Verma confirmed that the establishment of the FBU (Feedback Unit) is a threat to the stability of the country.
“As soon as we come to power, we will appoint a committee of experts and study the ILP and if you see that even this is a heavy task, the BJP will take sting,” she said. Abhishek Banerjee said that the reason why the Khasi and Garo languages ​​have no place in the 5th Schedule of the Constitution is because the BJP has given Conrad the key from Delhi. .
Rambrai has been without an MDC since April last year when its MDC Bah KP Pangiang and six other MDCs resigned following the government's passage of the Drug Ban Act.
Speaking on the demarcation issue, he said that the government's action without prior consultation with the land owners and residents of the border area is an insult to the safety of the people. Abhishek said: “It's a good idea to have a clean slate.
He said that the government and MeECL have given the reason that they still have to find a land to set up a 132 KV Power Station and in fact the land of MeECL is already in Nongpoh and they don't need it anymore. The union demands that the government should take action on this issue and it will not benefit the people of Ri Bhoi that up to 200 MW of electricity has been generated from Ri Bhoi alone. The residents of Ri Bhoi District are still suffering from the lack of electricity supply due to the lack of 132 KV Power Station, he added.
In addition, the Government is also in talks with the students in Manipur to assess the situation and provide support measures for their return.
He said the Commission was set up in accordance with the Protection Human Rights Act 1993 and the Protection of Human Rights Amendment Act 2006 which directs all state governments to set up the Commission. look at the rights of man.
He said that he personally feels that the party needs to work with other political parties which can provide a strong government and bring about changes in the state.
In this incident, a house was burnt down in Bishnupur, Moreh, Imphal West, Churachandpur district.
Dango's movable property is worth T.10,01,124 while the property of his wife is worth T.19,04,5
This happened after senior UDP leader and MDC, Bah Bindo Lanong who supported the EC led by the Syiem.
She said that the government's refusal to implement the ILP is like the government has turned the state into a battlefield.
Regarding the shops in Khyndailad, the DC's office has ordered that single shops should open according to the rules and regulations, in accordance with the numbers set by the district authorities. First day shops 2-4, second day 1-3 and so on and this will continue until Saturday.
It is our view that policies like the UCC will cause confusion and need to be rejected outright immediately.
The march started from Lad-Sutnga to DC office Khliehriat on Tuesday.
In 1983, he was elected as an MLA from Chokpot constituency.
“How do you know my family.
eq.
Prestone's remarks came on the High Court's order to suspend the construction of the border crossings between the two states until the Court hears again on 6th June
He said that the union demands that the government should send doctors at least twice a month to charge the hospital, so that the sick people in the area especially the pregnant women. they are more likely to seek treatment and take medication.
“Samla Lambha Nongrum, who was killed like these three in Wah Umiew, was saved by God! Because I believe that there are people in Smit who have prayed night and morning, that God in His power, has saved Lambha even after he was killed by the terrible murderers, who are right. “We will hear from the mouth of Lambha Nongrum when he recovers and leaves Nazareth Hospital,” said the statement.
Police said the injured was identified as Khlur Snaitang and was stabbed by Jied Nongbri.
The HYC has laid a wreath at the statue at the State Central Library Shillong where the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Bah Robert June Kharjahrin has delivered a speech.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today launched the Mission Sohphan for the five years 2018 to 2023 at a meeting held at Pinewood Hotel, Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Saturday said that the party has contested 18 candidates for the upcoming elections. They will reach the goal but the final decision will be taken by the people on the 27th and the result will be announced on the 2nd of October.
I'll send you a better GK book,” said Kynsai.
Maresh sustained serious injuries but was rushed to hospital for treatment and is now recovering.
Members of the National Disaster Management Authority will visit the area to inspect the conduct of these mock exercises by the state and district government officials and other departments.
“Since the day I joined the party, they have never invited me to any meeting,” said Bah Kynta. Second.
We expect that the law will not discriminate against anyone and will apply equally to all, whether small or large.
“The Harijan issue which started in 2018 until now three years ago MDA-I has gone and now MDA-II has come. “It's especially important for the Harijans in Iewmawlong,” he said.
Shillong: U Jitul Deka, has lodged a complaint with the National Green Tribunal, New Delhi, regarding the excessive quarrying in parts of Ri Bhoi District.
In one of the largest seizures of heroin by the state police, East Jaintia Hills police on Tuesday arrested two persons, one from Manipur and one from Nagaland.
Shillong: Dozens of shops were burnt down in Mawiong, Shillong, this afternoon.
In Pool 'A', they are Lumchyrmang North, South and 7 Wasa.
Shillong, July 08: A team of doctors from Apollo Children's Hospital, Chennai today conducted a Free Medical Screening Camp at Ganesh Das Hospital.
Those interested can apply online between 22nd July to 17th May 2018 and the examination will be held on 16th November
Therefore, the mother of the child demanded that the city authorities should take action against this and that they should also pay a fine of $2 million for the illegal treatment of the child. her son in the incident.
Shillong: The President of the Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSTA) Babu Kular Khongjirem today urged the Meghalaya government including the education department to take advice from the school principals or school managing committees (SMCs). It is with the intention to reopen schools in the state.
The advancement of technology today has helped people to develop ways and means to keep the environment clean.
Speaking on the occasion, the RBYF leader said that the RBYF urges the employees of the Bandhan Company not to enter other villages. This is a time when people are afraid of foreigners and especially foreigners.
At the same time, there is a responsibility to examine those civil society organizations, civil society organizations and civil society organizations to ask questions on this issue which should protect the dignity of longrynñieng and synrop and tehsong together for the development of thousands of children in the state.
Regarding the speech of the Union Minister on 13.07.2022, a group of senior employees have urged the former Chairman Mr.VK Singh to relocate the office from Shillong.
Before entering the CHC, a sign was found posted in front of the gate which stated that on the 16th and 17th there will be no OPD, but only Emergency Cases will be accepted. and the same writing was written on the wall.
Wasa scored the seventh goal in the second half.
Shillong: The Director of NEIGRIHMS today expressed his deep sorrow over the death of a 52 year old high blood pressure patient.
The DC East Khasi Hills, Matsiewdor War Nongbri IAS, has been transferred from the post of DC Shillong and will take over the post of Secretary to the Govt.
“Dr Mukul Sangma, who received the ST certificate in 1982, has done it without following the rules and has killed the truth because Dr Mukul Sangma is not an ST. His mother is a Muslim, not a Garo, and according to the records, her name is Roshanara Begum, wife of Benoy Bhosan Marak according to the 1983 electoral roll from the 58-Ampati Assembly constituency.
And this truth of the days, the Book of Revelation says – “.
I don't respect my mother anymore and I'm almost going to find her as a mother who doesn't forget her family,” said Ksan's father.
“A patriot should love from the bottom of his heart and should not be shynraiñ,” he said. right length.
Speaking to media, the President of the union, Bah Mantiphrang Lyngdoh Kiri, said that the union has demanded that MeCEL should recognize the union as a union of casual and contract workers. .
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Robert Kharjahrin General Secretary of the HYC, said that the Rangbah Shnongs have been overthrown by the Rangbah Shnongs. The days are passing by to cleanse this nation, he said that now an order has been issued to ban the journalists from publishing news.
“What is more surprising, when I received the letter appointed as Adviser, Bah Hek telephoned me to send me to his room and when I went to the room he greeted me and asked how you got the appointment letter, who will approve you, I said I got it from the Prime Minister," he said.
“This copy of this order will be sent to the Chairman of the NHAI for immediate action with an explanation why the North East will have to face such abandonment. bein," the court ordered.
In a statement signed by 750 scientists around the world, they said the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) violates Article 14 of the Constitution, which prohibits anyone from citizenship. person, to be equal before the law or the law which is equal to all throughout India.
By doing this, a strong seed can be identified, and it also speeds up the germination of the rice when it is buried in the ground.
Police have sent the suspect to Judicial Custody for further investigation.
"The Advocate General has informed that the Harijan Panchayat Committee has approved the blueprint prepared by the state government but has made suggestions to amend some parts of it," the court said.
Larry P Warjri, Founding Adviser MNH&VA, recalled that there are many newspaper vendors who have brought honor not only to the newspaper vendors' association, but to their families and the village where they have been employed. birth and sit and stay now.
The union has urged the Deputy Commissioner to take action on this issue and to ban completely the vehicles smuggling coal into the district without proper documents.
At the same time, Bah Khyriem said that the KSU and other political parties should urge the state government not to delay the implementation of the Influx Mechanism or the Khang Mynder Act as the time has run out. and cannot wait any longer on this.
The total number of cases has risen to 4,424 and the death toll has risen to
Regarding the case, he said, “The case we have lodged is still under stay order with us and this case is still in the Supreme Court and we will get the dates when the government is still waiting. send a reply on this and this case is on our side".
In a letter sent to UDP 5 Sutnga Saipung President Rocky Sutnga, all these members and office bearers said that their resignation was for personal reasons.
She praised the people of Sanmer, Upper Shillong for donating up to 70 per cent of the milk distributed by the AH & Veterinary Department.
Only about 10 out of 100 are residents.
Pynbiang Shylla, one of the leading leaders of the synjuk, said that the residents from all over the district have said that in recent years, every man from youth to adult The elders of each village are very good at fishing whether in the ponds or in the rivers.
Because of this, the Hima Khyriem has allowed them to resolve this issue within 10 years and until it has been resolved, the Hima will come. to confirm the Priest and the Chief of the Raid Ïapngar.
The Writ Petition (Civil) 383/2019 was lodged by the MDC of the Opposition JHADC Ma Awhai Andrew Shullai against the State Government on the allegation of appointment of Chairman after the resignation of Lakhon Biam as Chairman.
So far, 16 policemen, including senior officials of the department, have been temporarily suspended and the investigation has been handed over to the Inspector General of Police.
The Rangbah Shnong also sent a warning to all the residents of the area especially to the owners of houses, shops and land that they should no longer play chess. without informing the village authorities.
"Yes, I'll go to sleep..." said Rida and stood up immediately from her seat.
Regarding the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the State, he said that even in the midst of this situation in the world due to the COVID 19 pandemic, the KSU will continue its protest until the end of the year. He announced that the protest on the demands especially the implementation of the ILP in the State and the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution and the demarcation of the border between Meghalaya. and Assam will continue in all districts, in East Jaintia Hills on the 9th, in Khliehriat and in West Jaintia Hills on the 16th of this month.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Friday demanded that the State Government should not turn off the electricity supply on 26th and 27th June due to the announcement by the MBOSE of the SSLC and HSSLC results. the enrollment of students in various schools and colleges.
The Joint Commissioner of Police (Guwahati) N Haque has sent his report to the Commissioner of Police.
S.Dkhar and the staff of Multipurpose Rehabilitation of Wapung C&RD Block and Saipung C&RD Block, for their willingness to cooperate and support in the search for and verify those persons with disabilities within the district.
For all schools, it has been made clear that it will remain closed until 30th November 2020, but it has been ordered that students of Class 9 to 12, will be able to attend their schools, in areas, which are not covered by the curfew. and this is only if they meet the teachers, but they must get the approval of their parents.
He said it is true that the government in the past has not been able to improve education due to many problems but this government will work hard to improve education in the state. the needs such as houses, school equipment.
The three issues raised by the committee are the 405 sq.ft land in Byrnihat at the price of T.264 per sq.ft. The demolition of KHADC buildings, the collection of funds from MRB Nongpoh and Nongstoin, the purchase of land by the Council in Mawkyrwat, the loan to Anderson Structural Construction and the appointment of temporary peons and cleaners.
It should be sung only during the election campaign, not on teachers' days or Republic Day, Independent Day and others.
The government through the police department will strengthen its security forces to curb such incidents, said Bah Lahkmen Rymbui.
“Our village is 40 years old and when we went to the DC's office for permission to build an office in this area, they didn't give us because it is still in court.
Lessons look at the overall welfare of students – that is, mind, emotion and action.
Shillong: Former Congress President Dr Celestine Lyngdoh and Congress Leader Zenith M Sangma have resigned from the post of MPCC President. from the contest of the last MLA elections.
This was announced by Eric Kharsyntiew, Vice President of MYCC Mawrusyiar Youth and Cultural Club.
Nongpoh, March 20: The students of Ri-Bhoi College under the banner of the Ri-Bhoi College Students Union (RISU) today concluded the College Week. The college has been able to take part in various competitions throughout the day.
He also urged not to fish especially in these areas which have been set up as fish sanctuaries by the Jaintia Fishing & Environmental Association (JEFA) in Syntu Ksiar.
He said that the BSF troops have planned to move to the Ribhoi area but due to the lack of NOC from the District Council, the work has been suspended.
She said that there are 48,234 beneficiaries of this scheme including 23309 disabled, 24409 widowed and divorced persons and 7043 single persons.
Daphisha is in the top 14 and will move up to the top 12 and 10 if she wins the match which will be broadcast on Sony on Saturday and Sunday at 9 pm.
Shillong, Nailur, 18: Ka Jamie, a 12-year-old girl, has been stabbed by a bseiñ in a village in Kharang, Meghalaya at 5:30 pm while she was playing in a garden near her house. .
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Dr. Donkupar Roy will be the chief guest while Mawphlang MLA SK Sun will be the chief guest.
And la.
Barikmen Tynsong said that it has been three years since the incident and they have not received any assistance from his office. BDO, although the BDO's office has promised that within three months the government will send assistance to this family.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad Sangma said the state government has requested Amit Shah to urge an independent investigation team like the CBI or NIA to start the investigation. about this incident in Mukroh.
In a letter sent to the Chief Election Commissioner of the ECI by the Vice President of the ECI, Allantry F Dkhar, he said that through reports and information received, there has been misuse of the scheme. The State Government has not approved FOCUS and FOCUS+, some Government Ministers, NPP MLAs and those MLAs who have no intention of joining the National People's Party (NPP) have applied for this scheme. It is a part of the budget allocated only for the benefit of the farmers of the state, so that they can better produce their agricultural products and make it easier for them to deliver to the market.
Any violation of this Act shall not be punishable by imprisonment.
He said that there are hundreds of households in different villages in Mawshynrut constituency. “The cold weather is very severe, the cold weather on the ground is up to 10 feet. “Many of the crops have been destroyed but we have not been able to count the damage,” he said.
On this occasion, the Chief Guest together with the teachers and students of the schools also hoisted the flag as a sign of the closing ceremony of the tournament of these two schools in a short meeting. The tournament was held at Nongshillong Stadium in Eastern West Khasi Hills District and concluded with various programs including songs and dances by the students of these two schools.
"The team has not yet called up the players for the ODI, which will be played on the 27th of this month in Barbados," the BCCI said. Ravichandran Ashwin, KS Bharat, Navdeep Saini, KS Bharat and Ajinkya Rahane.
On the other hand, the All Jaintia Hills Primary School Teachers Association (APA) has expressed its surprise that this area has been stuck inside the bank.
Speaking to media, Mondal said, “The implementation of the work is progressing well and I am confident that it will be completed in the month of May or the first month of April.
“Lydia, I really wanted to stay here with you...” said Hep.
There are many examples which show that as a nation we don't think carefully about the things that the ancients have named since the beginning of the world and which has made us not know our identity.
This shortage of staff has affected the treatment of the people as they have to go to distant places like CHC Laskein and Jowai Civil Hospital Ialong.
It was also found that many of the laws or regulations issued by them were unfair and discriminatory against women, children and the public.
In the evening, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem was the Chief Guest in the presence of several dignitaries who are members of the Joint Committee. the Khasi Mother Association.
Meanwhile, Bah James Sylliang, MDC Mawhati, said that the allegation is false and unfounded. He said that the KHADC officers did not investigate the vehicle of the company but went to investigate the vehicle. The Secretary to the Executive Committee also received the office vehicle and the fuel.
A total of 57,371 candidates sat for the examination while 32,678 or 56.96 percent passed.
The other one who was waiting for the cremation thought, “This is two lakh rupees, if we divide it into two we will get only one hundred rupees.
The curfew will continue till 3rd June 2020, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today announced.
Others who planned to stay overnight in the hope of avoiding the traffic jam, have fallen into the same trap that has affected many.
This incident happened on the morning of 2nd June
The Vice Principal of the school, Reeta Ghosh, who passed MA in Bengali and Hindi, received the National Teacher's Award from Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi.
Dr JN Shullai, Project Director, MCSWA on 'Ill effect of drugs abuse on family and individual health (Physical Mental Symptom Treatment)' and 'Narcotic drugs and psychotropic substance Act 1985' gave training by SI D Dympep .
Announcing this, MTA President Andrew Simonds and General Secretary Stadhi Nongrum said that there are many talented youths in the state but due to the lack of attention from the government. , has caused them to face difficulties.
The KSU has congratulated the students of Kiang Nangbah for standing firm despite the struggle for the future of their education. MDC Jowai North, for their encouragement to the students by trying to raise the issues of the students to the government.
On the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill (CAB), Dr Mukul said that this is one of the issues that we have to ask.
Confirmation of Khongmalai.
“You have experienced as a leader in many parts of the country and abroad and we have a firm belief that your journey will help further advance the kingdom of God,” said the Archbishop. Leopoldo Girelli to Bishop Wilbert.
He said that due to the mistake and delay of the PWD roads department in handing over the land to the tractor contractor, the plan to improve and widen the road to these areas has come to an end.
After the continuous protest of the Adhoc School teachers, the MDA government in Meghalaya has finally agreed to increase their salaries.
He said the fourth test will be conducted again after three days according to the guidelines issued by the WHO, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of India and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. state.
The seizure and arrest of the suspect came after the ANTF received a tip that there were people who were trying to smuggle the drugs to Shillong from Guwahati.
In another incident, another group of women and youths blocked the road connecting Moirang Lamkhai and Thinungei.
She also advised the students to strive to avoid these things which cannot bring benefits but to focus on their studies by reminding that teachers and students have There is a great responsibility in the eradication of drug abuse in society by sharing information with others about the dangers and injuries caused by drug abuse in order to curb the spread of drug abuse. taking drugs.
Choudhary visited the cow farms in Laltipara and Mark Hospital.
Shillong, July 07 : The State Government has decided to geotag all the water sources with the aim of protecting the rivers across the state.
Many times when there are invitations, especially those from the government, it is seen that the room is filled only with the elders.
Assam is not the only state in Meghalaya.
Other speakers on behalf of the residents said that the opening of this unit is due to the fact that the MLA has done many good works and development works in the village.
Murrumu of Walubara and his son, Thoyo, live and enjoy the clean waters of the Great Barrier Reef, home to thousands of species of fish and They live in an area 35 miles south of Australia.
Samla Banshai Marbaniang, President FKJGP Mawsynram Circle, said that the problems faced by the people from time to time especially for those families who receive the old age pension scheme, assistance for the disabled, widows and other benefits that they receive whenever there is a delay in paying money into their accounts which takes months to receive the money you deposit in your own account.
The member of the Citizens Forum for Civil Liberties (CFCL) also expressed his surprise at the decision of the Delhi Journalists Association (DJA) and the Indraprastha Press Club of India with the support of the Indian Medical Association (IMA). ) to register the names of journalists in the biometric Unique Identification (UID)/Aadhaar number without admitting that this is illegal.
You shouldn't follow.
However, there is nothing wrong with the government if it is recognized by the law enforcement agencies, because the government's purpose is to increase revenue collection through this empty box.
It is learned that these three persons were in charge of the smuggling of these tablets, which are a type of drug, which contains amphetamine and is slightly worse than heroin.
Angad Singh, who is still in class XI, who lives in Them Iewmawlong or Them Metor, has raised a small dinosaur or an iguana, which is about 10 years old.
Adelbert Nongrum (KHNAM) from Jaiaw, Bah Ryngkat Lyndem (UDP) from Lyngkyrdem-Laitkroh, Bah Martamlin Pyrbot (UDP) from Jaiaw, Bah G Kharmujai ( UDP from Mawlai, Bah H Lawai from Sohryngkham and others.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC-SAU) has sent a petition to the Deputy Commissioner, District Mineral Foundation, Meghalaya. There are three Limetone Mining License Holders in and around Shella area and therefore Shella village is one of the affected villages due to the lack of mining sites and therefore needs development programs such as the scheme under the Prime Minister's Ministry of Mines, New Delhi, Shastri Bhavan, November 16, 2015.
And there are hundreds of people who have lost their security or money that they had deposited during the election campaign because they could not get enough votes.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, while urging the citizens of the state not to spread news and videos regarding the arrest and assault of two religious leaders from Meghalaya, said: that there had never been a handshake, but merely a misunderstanding.
The land was donated by the Sordar of the village, Bah Lovingstar Mawlong after a request and discussion with Bah Metbah who is the leader of the constituency.
Through this inspection, the party leaders urged the MDA 0.2 government and especially the MLA of Jirang Constituency, to take action for the improvement of this road, so that it will be able to It will be of great benefit to the people of the area as a whole.
Bring churches to your neighborhoods and villages where you have built your family and support the churches in your neighborhoods and villages. You want 3.26 Crore to become 6.52 Crore and it's up to you.
Rimika Dkhar has won the title of Best Actress at the 3rd Lukha Festival 2023 organized by the Sonapyrdi Tourism and Economic Development Society (STEDS) which ended on the 4th of this month.
The forward added a second goal in the 63rd minute.
I feel that Mukul Sangma, who is contesting from Tura, should speak out about these things he has done in the five years he has been in government”.
Shillong, Lber 18 : Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina today jointly launched the India-Bangladesh Friendship Pipeline (IBFP) through digital means.
Only those who have a Degree from any recognized University and the age should be less than 30 years but ST/SC candidates will be extended 5 years which means up to 35 years. .
Nongpoh, July 17: Up to 58 people have been killed in the clashes between the Meitei and Kuki communities in Manipur. The Kuki community has fled from Manipur to Ri Bhoi District only to find temporary shelter in the district due to the situation in Manipur which has affected the peace and order of the people in the state.
On the closing day, the organizers distributed medals and trophies along with certificates to all the winners of various competitions including team and individual races. The DSO office has awarded Alfred Secondary School as the school that has won many medals.
He said that according to the announcement issued by the office of the Inspector General of Police (R/PR) on the 6th of this month, the age limit for the post of UB Constable/Fireman/Driver Fireman Mechanic/MPRO Operator/Signal Operator/AB Constable/Battalion Constable/MPRO GD/Constable Handyman and Driver Constable, is from 18 years to 21 years with 5 years extension for eligible applicants. “Now the question is, where will the youth who have been excluded from applying for these posts go? Do we want them to become involved in society and the state as a whole? Shillong, Lber 15: In another incident, police have said that Company Commander A- Coy, 193 Bn.
Nongwah-Mawtamur 8.
Before the elections, the struggle for the survival of the country and the nation, jew slam in the village affairs that the Khasi makes mynder ri forced to kill his fellow countrymen.
Not only that, but in many parts of the northern part of Nongstoiñ, especially in the villages before Mawshynrut, the rnga burning is very severe.
Perhaps many readers will be surprised because it is said – THE WORD OF GOD, because we often say – “the word of God.
Before the funeral, the last rites were held at the residence at Kenbah Malai led by the family members and led by Tbn SK Syiemiong and farewell prayer by Tbn J Lyngkhoi.
This happened in Germany from 1933 to 1945 when Hitler committed suicide.
The IAF's C-130 Hercules was unable to deliver relief supplies to the affected areas and it was unsafe for them to fly due to the weather conditions. NDMA member VK Duggal, who is also in charge of the rescue operation, said that the rescue team was unable to send relief supplies due to the dark weather.
He said that according to the soskular prepared by the Forest Department, it has allowed dewbilat companies to buy land in the state and this is a violation of the Land Transfer Act and the Sixth Schedule.
Bah Shangpliang said that the Dorbar Shnong will stand firmly against the proposal of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram which has not been recognized by the Dorbar but has been seen in the news.
Mawsynram received the highest rainfall of 211.6mm, followed by Sohra RKM with 208.0mm.
Why does God put politics or government in the hands of men? the reason is that man shall have dominion over his fellow man.
Shillong, Lber 20 : The Mining and Geology Department of the State Government has selected Sutnga in East Jaintia Hills and Agremggitim in South Garo Hills to start the pilot coal mining. Project for this task.
After sending a letter to the Administrator on 16th July, 2023, Bah C.Pohlong promised to issue the Sanad within a month.
Therefore, the BJYM Meghalaya takes this opportunity to invite and explain to the youth and the people that they should take advantage of this unprecedented opportunity that the Prime Minister of the country will open the door for the youth and the people. The people to discuss or join hands with the government for the work of the government for the benefit of the people.
The Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya Farmers Empowerment Commission 2019 has been introduced for the benefit of the farmers of the state.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 16: Dangpyrshang FC and Nongstoiñ Cule FC have reached the final of the 2nd Invitation Football Tournament 2022 organized by the Nongjyllieh Youth Sports Organization (NYSSDO).
Please pray for me,” he said.
Angelica Tynsong, a 14-year-old girl from Pahamrioh, Ri-Bhoi, has received the Blood Brave Award from the Prime Minister Narendra Modi in June this year. District received the award after rescuing her 6-year-old brother from a fire in their house in July,
The school was built at Sahrymbuo, Pdengshakap, Amlarem Sub Division, West Jaintia Hills District. Since the beginning of the construction of the school, there have been signs of failure. acres to the Education Department for the benefit of the residents and surrounding villages. The condition of the residential school which has been completed has encouraged the village authorities and the people of War area because of the way it works. It is also alleged that stoneblock was built instead of mawit to dig the walls inside the room.
“So without the consent of the landowners how can the settlement be signed," he said.
The Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA) has welcomed the invitation of the Vice Chancellor of NEHU to hold a discussion on the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP). ) 2020.
The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills, today has imposed a curfew from 8 pm across Shillong.
The review of the Annexed Agreement (AA) which the Chieftains had agreed to before joining India has been a long overdue process.
There are countries in the world where journalists are not free to write about events as they happen and some media outlets are fined or banned by government authorities.
eov.
The first name is Mawtynrong, Then Mawkhlam, Why should we say, They are the most famous stones.
The state as a whole has not been calm yet regarding the Covid-19 pandemic as the number of cases is increasing day by day especially in India as a whole has more than half a million cases, and in the state We also see that as the days go by, the number of cases in our state has risen to
Shillong, which is only 64 kilometers away from Shillong, invites all the dancers, men and women and all the relatives and children of the Hynniew Trep people to come and celebrate with the traditional dance. the joy and happiness of the Raid Mawlam.
However, there is a land of Malang Salbari which used to be with Meghalaya and this will remain with Meghalaya.
He said that the Garo youth should get more shares than the Khasi-Jaintia youth.
“To sa kynduh pha ei...” said Kong Lumspah quickly. “To hooid khi-khi, I'll have my father...” Kong Lumspah turned around. ... You've come a long time..." The mother said first, "Yes, it's too late..." said the father. Then the mother opened the key and entered the house.
Guwahati: The Asom Jatiya (AJYCP) today filed a writ petition with the Supreme Court of India for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the state. state of Assam.
The meeting was attended by the Inspectors General of Meghalaya, Assam, Tripura, Mizoram and Cachar Frontiers, BSF troops as well as officials sent by the Ministry of External Affairs. Affairs.
At the same time, he said that the Council has a plan to set up a nursery for the Council in its forests, as part of the development of the forests and to be a means of sell them to people.
Speaking to Mawphor, John said that from the documents he has sent to various departments of the central government, they have finally reached the state government for its comments.
Shillong, July 20: Out of 81 government cases, up to T.2.14 crore has been misused from the government budget till October 31,
Shillong, Naitung 15: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma on Tuesday announced the Mahatma Gandhi Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme to be implemented in Census Towns across the state.
Shillong: St Anthony's College beat KL Bajoria FC in the semi final of the NEHU Inter College Cricket Tournament 2017-1 runs in 11.2 overs for the loss of all wickets.
Ananya S Guha, a member of the editorial board, was unable to attend due to illness.
In the State, Aadhaar numbers have to be linked, but the State has not yet been able to link Aadhaar with ration cards.
“The state government has decided to stop the proposed resignation of the DC and if the government goes ahead we have decided to hold a mass protest,” said the statement.
According to the Reservation Policy, Bat said that the share of the three ethnic groups is 80% but out of this 40% belongs to Garo while the remaining 40% belongs to Khasi-Jaintia. .
“It is surprising and shocking that the petition of the party sent to the KHADC, has been thrown in the garbage dump without any hearing or reply but a decision has been taken only by political power,” they said. leaders.
In the U-17 girls' category, the girls' team of Saiden Secondary School, Ri-Bhoi District defeated Iew Rynghep by a tie breaker. long by 4-2.
Meanwhile, the two Congress leaders will inform Sonia Gandhi that the people of the state have started to criticize the Congress party and this will be a matter of trouble for the Congress party. in the next election if the leader is not replaced soon.
Shillong, Nailur 3: The Congress party in the state has not been united for the upcoming MP elections and this is in terms of selecting the candidate to contest the upcoming MP elections. He said that another party has no desire to give ticket to the incumbent MP Vincent Pala.
Assam, Tribal Areas Development Department.
He said that to strengthen the nation, the people should hand over the power to the UDP, the largest party in the state to rule in 2018 because the multi-party system has destroyed the country. foreigners from Delhi.
In the beginning the second beast had nothing to do with the first beast.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the North Eastern States can take the lead in promoting trade with ASEAN countries. VK Singh, Minister of State for Home Affairs.
The government had earlier announced that it would pay Rs 7.5 lakh compensation to those who died without illness in prison.
The President of Raid Mawbuh Circle, Bah Augustine Nongrum, said that the deterioration of the road has made it difficult for the people in the area to complete their work on time especially the school children. they didn't come to the day.
Being greatly aggrieved, a meeting was held at Umbasoo on the 27th January 1948.
Sugar exports are another step that has led to the strengthening of sugar mills.
Just as in school we are taught to read, write, count, speak English, learn manners... Similarly, in church church leaders, preachers teach Christian children how to live a good life. good and pleasing unto God in heaven.
However, as of now, the state government and the central government have not taken any necessary measures to curb the situation in Manipur. for political purposes.
The Forum also received the support of the Leaders of Sohra and Shella Constituencies.
At this time when the Congress party has not received a candidate from Shella constituency, this reporter has spoken to one of the party leaders, Bah Pynthymmaibor Chyne who used to contest the MDC election from Shella from the Congress party.
These SHGs have received financial assistance to develop their activities, in the form of small loans for the establishment of small shops, food outlets, purchase of ksai for local activities. creation and others.
If you really want to listen to the people, we are ready to come on any day and place, not as rushed as on 8.7.2022 when we turned up in a group of 12 people.
The reason, they said, is because the thick area is dew shyiap and when the rain comes it softens it, and as soon as the sun rises, the shyiap soil falls into the river.
Dalbin was arrested from Medical Colony, Williamnagar and seized the seals of the General Secretary and documents belonging to the Vice Chairman of the party. GNLA. Pinku is from Sunny Hills of Tura district and police have been searching for him for a long time but this time they have arrested him from Williamnagar.
Several Seng Bhalang groups on 18th October, 2013, demanded that the NPP-led MDA government should urge the Central Government to fully exempt Meghalaya from the implementation of the Citizenship (Amendment) Act. 2019 and its Rules and also to immediately implement the Inner Line Permiet (ILP) to curb the illegal entry of foreigners into the State.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: The cultivation of synsar has been one of the quickest crops to benefit the farmers, especially the people in the rural areas. it is still currently under 30 years old.
The answer, concluded by Minister Rapsang, is that through this MP election 2014, their preparations have been going on, to achieve the goal in 2018, which is another MLA election. Shillong, Lber 25: The government has so far received information that there are 11 rebel groups operating in the state and the government is fighting against them. as far as possible in order to curb the emergence of many insurgent groups in the state especially in Garo Hills.
Nongstoiñ, July 25: The killing of wildlife, birds, fish and fish is a great sin, said Bah Rilang (Dmikstar Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien).
The Durbar Shnong has urged the residents of Maitdein to respect the rights of Barato and to maintain peace and order with their neighbors but not to violate their rights. The village officials of Maitdein should not spread rumors which could affect the dignity of Barato village, the statement said.
On the 9th of this month, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that he has received a letter from the BJP and the HSPDP which have decided that the post of Minister will be replaced halfway between their.
A close friend of Radhakrishnan, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, who used to observe Radhakrishnan's actions in many dorbars, said, had made the meetings of the House looked like a family gathering…”.
He said that the KSU Mawlai Circle encourages all the departments under the jurisdiction of the KSU Mawlai Circle to come forward to do anything that will build and help the community. The Seng is confident that all four schools will welcome this small donation of the Seng for their students.
At the same time, he urged all the people who have taken these tyndong lyer from him, to return not only the tyndong lyer but also the stoves and pipes.
Referring to the Social Sciences questions for 2024, the questions from Social Science I (History and Civics) did not change much or become very clever except for a few.
However, it is difficult to give in the months of November, April to the first and second months of November and it is best to give in the morning and evening and during the sunny weather.
Police said that four members of the KLO escaped from the scene.
Nongrum said the most important thing for the government to do is to temporarily suspend these police chiefs, although it has already set up investigations, but to bring peace and order. safe in the state is necessary to temporarily dismiss them and not to accept their leave application.
The Government's investment through these new facilities will strengthen efforts to revive traditional health systems in this region of the country.
We want them to be like them and we know which path they will take.
Romans 11:33-36.
But Jesus went away alone and fell down many times.
Bahnah was overjoyed that everyone welcomed them.
According to the relevant authorities, the implementation of the evacuation will continue.
This year, the Seinraij Mynso, despite the spread of COVID-19 in the state, has been able to complete the Behkymphui festival which started from the 17th to the 21st of September
This is the second gold medal for the three athletes at the World Cup and they finished first in Stage 1 in Antalya, Turkey.
They left the Khasi National Durbar Hall and carried placards and Lama Iong to march on the streets of Shillong, although there was no government ban on marching on that day.
Returning to the HSPDP, even the then President Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit lost the election and not only that, even the HSPDP which was well established in West Khasi Hills District was defeated by the NPP and the HSPDP. to Congress.
This has greatly increased the value of human life.
It is said that this shyiap area in Rajasthan was once a dense forest area.
Matthew 6:10.
This has resulted in those viewers who know only Hindi and indigenous languages ​​losing clear knowledge regarding these names.
Man will inevitably go to eternity.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Assam Police today forcibly suspended the construction of the bridge at Wah Myntang.
The bill allows women to have 33 per cent seats in the Lok Sabha, state assemblies and the Delhi Assembly, but this proportion does not apply to the Rajya Sabha or the Legislative Councils.
The JSU, after receiving a complaint from the public, went to the office and met with Ma P Laloo, DTO, who also admitted to the incident. The computers inside the office have been damaged and it is no longer possible to work as usual because now we have to work through these machines rather than by hand.
During the meeting, many of the needs and benefits that the people should receive in the village from education, health, and various schemes were also discussed. Speaking to media, Bah Mayral Born Syiem said that the meeting was held to monitor the development works in the villages such as Mawlong and Other neighboring villages have been waiting for a long time to get the Sub Center because at present the people especially the poor women are facing difficulties to go to the health centers due to the distance of the road and the poor condition of the road. The village has also prepared a large area after submitting a letter to the government and especially that the Village Health Council will work properly in the village to be able to operate the Sub Center properly.
One of the smallest countries in the world, Israel wants peace, but it has many enemies.
The countries with the largest cultivation of cotton are the United States of America, India, Russia and Egypt.
Speaking at the public meeting, Ardent alleged that Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of the State, has lied about the absence of coal smuggling in the State. “It cannot happen if the two departments of the state government, including the Transport Department and the Police Department, do not know,” he said. They should answer to the public regarding the theft of coal trucks.
There will also be a launch of the book “SAHKYNMAW” by the Chief Minister, Shri.
At present, only small vehicles are allowed to pass through the Star Cement factory.
Through a complaint sent to the CFO, the MC&GO leaders said that there has been an illegal smuggling of Rnga from the Nongstoin branches to Byrnihat, using the road from Mawmaram to Mawlyndep. They went to Lad Umsaw.
The Constitution also provides for freedom of practice and profession.
“Among the parties I have already spoken to are the Voice of People Party (VPP), HSPDP, Congress, AAP and AITC. “I am ready to contest the 2023 election from their party,” said Bah Nongrum.
Bah Syiem also suggested to the EC to think carefully in this regard and to improve the working methods of the Council staff in order to increase the revenue for the Council.
During a routine traffic check, police found small bags of heroin in the vehicle and arrested three suspects. people sitting inside this car.
At the end of the day, the first day came and on that day Bahnah had already decided to leave work at noon on the second day.
However, as the expectations of the street protesters, that it will not reach anywhere, within 40 days, the government has decided to appoint an Expert Committee to review the policy.
In East Jaintia Hills, 69 rounds of ammunition were seized on the 18th and 20th of this month.
It is also worth mentioning that the youths who are looking for teachers' jobs have alleged that there has been fraud and blackmail against some of those who are entitled to get the jobs of teachers. the court.
He said that if the mining continues, the village headmen of the area will not be responsible if anything happens, but the government and the district authorities will have to take responsibility.
In a statement, the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Sylvester Nongtnger, said that the President of India, Droupadi Murmu, will visit Shillong and the Mawphlang Monastery on the 16th of this month.
The NGT has also given seven months to the Meghalaya government to issue a law to mine coal and other minerals in the state.
Out of these 2,060 cases, 1,472 cases including 174 armed forces and 1,298 civilians were reported in East Khasi Hills, 13 cases in West Khasi Hills and 6 cases in South West Khasi Hills. In Ri Bhoi District, 156 cases including 32 Armed Forces and 124 Civilians, 12 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 275 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 95 cases in West Garo Hills. , 11 cases in South West Garo Hills, 5 cases in South Garo Hills, 6 cases in East Garo Hills and 9 cases in North Garo Hills.
This law shall apply until further notice.
The CEM said that the shopkeeping of foreigners without recognition and without Trading License will not be safe because no one will be able to know who these people are, where they live. and they are from where.
“We demand that the government should issue a notice to the Lokayukta so that all government employees will have to declare their income and assets as the central government does through the Lok Pal,” he said. .
Speaking at the swearing-in ceremony, the President of the HNYF Nongpoh Circle, Bah Sadon Blah, encouraged the new leaders to take the responsibility and not by any force, because to take the responsibility of leadership they have to face many challenges for the sake of protecting the country and the nation.
Lahkmen said the Sarva Education Abhiyan (SSA) launched in 2001-2002 and the Rashtriya Madhyamik Education Abhiyan (RMSA) launched in 2009-2 scheme.
Looking back at the past, when the world was not so corrupt, educated and intelligent young people did not lose their jobs.
It is surprising that the Election Commission in the State or District is preaching to hold a clean and transparent polling station, but as happened in Jaintia Hills, many Dorbar Shnongs are involved in politics and have already announced to the media. support the candidate in the Dorbar Shnongs and the District Administration does the same.
And this prayer is no different from that of the hypocritical Pharisees.
We are happy if this is handed over to the CBI. But we want more detailed information from the relevant authorities,” said Congress spokesperson Zenith M. Sangma.
UDP Youth Wing 7-Amlarem Constituency President Namrhen Pohtam Vice President: Samuel Nongrum (War East) Aleo Nongrum (Central) Signal Lamin (War West) Manbhami Ryngkhlem (North) General Secretary: Lambert Khonglah Asst.Secretary: Aleo Nongrum (North) – Darrang Rihun Tariang – Thangbuli Organizing / Publicity Secy: Stalwos Pohkyrnu (Trangblang) Finance Secretary: Kyrpang Pohtam (Kudeng Rim) Advisor(s): Medeling Swer Kampher Pohlong Herman Khonglah Members (East): Keepme Buam (Jong)-U-Shen Progress Pohrmen (Kharkhana) Phinel Muksor (Pdengkseh) Evermore Pamthied (Amjalong) Junom Dkhar Members (Central): Eglissonroyce Manner (Sohkha) Moonlight Lamat (Mawlong) Shngainlang Suting (Jarain) Long Myrchiandi Memberlang (Amshwast Shkenta) Members (North): Amir Shylla (Iongnoh) Barrister Bang (Mustem) Sorje Talang (Chyrmang) Bapung Mulat (Umladkhur).
The elections in 2014 will also be held on three different days.
According to R.Khonglah, the contract between the contractor and the state government will expire on 31st June
The team from the city needs to fight hard to win the title as only two teams will qualify for the I-League.
Unfortunately, there are beautiful places to visit but no one takes care of them.
Pilgrims have been advised to stay within the permit areas and avoid moving around except in cases of emergency.
Expressing their demands from the Indian government, the party demanded that the Indian government should give Hynniewtrepland its own Lama, Judiciary and Constitution.
The program was conducted by Kong SC War in the presence of Kong VC War, District Social Welfare Officer, West Khasi Hills District I who led the reading of the pledges on the theme to all the participants. participate in this program.
“This is one of the groups that started to unite India as a Hindu Nation.
So as we now jam ahead, we would like to urge you to be prepared in advance for any challenges that may arise.
If they do this, they have to accept the response coming from other candidates or political parties.
“The DC has said that they are still discussing this and we feel that since the order has come from the district authorities, there is no intention to have any discussion but to follow the order,” he said. u Bah Passage.
He said that many of the great men come from poor families and to become great men they have to work hard and spend their time, if they have a lot of work.
It is alleged that the dolloi came to the family to give 'nasib' according to their belief to drive away the evil from their house. women and children.
“I have never discussed the Lok Sabha elections with Bah Mawrie.
The operation to rescue and rescue the people is ongoing,” the Indian Army said in a statement on Twitter.
These incidents have stirred up the brains that can no longer imagine that in such a nation, which still has the snap of that close relationship with its Creator, that they are still willing to write again. the blood of the ma.
I’ve been told that I should have spoken and made him aware but he didn’t do as he should have done when he knew it would make him better.
The purpose of this program is to bring together all the old and current students to talk to each other as part of the preparations for the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of the school.
After Sengbath came out, Mingran shot him in the leg and sent him running and then shot him again.
To his surprise, he found an old woman sitting alone there with a sad and sad face.
Speaking on the occasion, the Taliban leader also stressed the need to reopen schools for girls from class 6 onwards.
• Pilot in 6 months – will be expanded and extended• Expected achievements: Fair price to farmers, reduction in wastages, accessibility of products for the peopleReforms in Amendment of the Essential Commodities Act to ensure adequate prices for farmersThe EC Act, 1955 was implemented in times of famine.
Speaking at the information session on blood donation, Dr. Shylla said that there are many benefits for blood donors especially in terms of their health.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The contest for the Langkyrdem-Laitkroh constituency will be between the UDP and the Congress although the KHNAM and HSPDP are other candidates.
Those who make illegal fortune have to pay taxes to the government such as writing teams and others.
Other requirements are based on the needs of the Schedule Tribe areas.
The Seng together with the village leaders on learning of the incident immediately rushed to Karbi village known as Langkeroi to help the deceased. At the same time, the Seng has set a deadline for the Village Leaders of Langkeroi Village within two days to find out those involved in the shooting of our paradoh parasnam.
They will have many sons who will demand a share even though their parents don't have to give even their daughters.
Shillong: On the occasion of the foundation day of the Unitarian Church on 18th November, the Shillong All Faiths Forum (SAFF) sends its greetings and blessings to all the members of the Unitarian Church in the region.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 14: A team of the 2nd Meghalaya BN NCC under the leadership of Subedar Major 2 Meghalaya BN NCC, Shillong, today laid flowers at the memorial. The memory of a soldier from Marshilong Village, South West Khasi Hills District.
In connection with this incident, police have raised suspicions that this may be a murder-suicide case.
“Of course, I am not saying there is no concern, there are concerns but to solve these problems, war is not the way.
The new cases include 24 cases from East Khasi Hills, 11 cases from West Garo Hills, 7 cases from West Jaintia Hills, 1 case from Ri Bhoi, 1 case from Eastern West Khasi Hills, 1 case from West Garo Hills. , East Jaintia Hills 3, South Garo Hills 3, South West Khasi Hills 1 and South West Garo Hills
Although the government in the past has admitted that 72% of the land in the state is covered with forests, the High Court has said that it does not want to know whether there is a survey. action has been taken soon on this point and if the report is available, it should be brought before the court.
Mukul's remarks at the meeting have shocked the spirit of the political parties who went to talk to the government and they said that such a statement is actually a meeting of the Congress party.
This goal encouraged Mukhla to play well and by the end of the first half they were 1-0 up.
Earlier, while moving a call attention motion, Chyne said the state government should appeal against the decision of the High Court to the Division Bench to quash the decision immediately.
In order to prevent such incidents from happening again in the coming days, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that he will convene a meeting with the IG of BSF to discuss this.
“Think carefully, son, so that you won't cause trouble later,” said the mother and got up to go to the toilet.
Noting that all this depends on the circumstances, the former leader said that as the tournament is more extensive, more detailed consultation is needed.
When asked what he would do if the HSPDP Central Body expelled him, he said, “The Central Body can expel me, but the Area Unit is with me”.
The member in charge of the election said that the polling was conducted smoothly and there was no fraud in the operation of these polling stations. EVM) during the polling hours.
The facility will have one hall and two offices.
After the shooting, police conducted a search operation and recovered an AK rifle, a magazine and several bullets.
These students include Medonlang Wanniang of Christian Academy, Riatsamthiah, Shillong, Gaurav Jyoti Thakuria of BK Bajoria School, Shillong, Angkit Tamang of Kendriya Vidyalaya, NEHU Shillong. Rudra Singh Rathore, a student of St. Xavier's Secondary School, Polo, Shillong.
“As it is known that the market has already been declared as a No Plastic Zone, I urge the EMs in charge to take action on this as it is a policy decision”.
"The starting game was not what we wanted and a win is what we need," he said.
Pynshngain N Syiem (NPP) was elected as Chairman of KHADC and Teinwel Dkhar (UDP) as CEM without any opposition in the dorbar held today.
Shillong: U Minister of Agriculture, Bah AL Hek, today said that he has received a report from the Ministry of Agriculture on the impact of swine flu in some parts of Ri Bhoi and other places.
Many of us view nature as outside of us.
If we here in Meghalaya accept this, we should do it from now on.
Therefore, he appealed to all to lend a hand in this regard.
Members of the committee include Chief Whip RV Lyngdoh, UDP MLA Jemino Mawthoh, NPP MLA Hihim D Shira and HSPDP MLA Witting Mawsor.
“The voice of this man has disappeared but his deeds will be remembered forever.
Consult with them from time to time to get ideas on how to raise issues in discussions.
These include EGH: 01, EJH: 2, EKH: 128, NGH: 4, RBD: 45, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 5, WGH: 27, WJH: 21 and WKH:
The President said the Government of India is doing its utmost to ensure that women have their share in the economic development and income generation of the country.
The struggle for the post of CEM or EM or Chairman or Dy Chairman has become the focus of the KHADC and when they don't get what they want, they start blaming each other like birds in the forest.
On the occasion, the Governor will hoist the flag in Shillong, Sniawbhalang Dhar in Tura, the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, the flag in Sohra, while the former Prime Minister, Bah DD Lapang will be arrested in Mairang.
The President of the PDF said that the Chief Minister has promised to give seats to the MLAs of the party in the State Government.
Many people who are overweight or obese eat too much. The Mediterranean diet is a very important diet - olive oil, wine and omega-3 fatty acids found in fish have all been proven to be good. give benefit.
There have been 44 deaths, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to 1,019, according to the state health department.
He said that the KSU believes that the erection of any statue of great men in the state is not only to impress or improve people, but also to honor and proclaim the heroic deeds of the great men. “Do it for the sake of your own people,” he added.
Shillong, March 20: The Meghalaya High Court on Friday ordered the temporary suspension of all construction works near the Umïam Dam until the KHADC and the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board. (MSPCB) will submit a report on whether it is necessary to allow the construction of the buildings that should not be completed.
In this regard, the MLA of the area, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, has requested the state government to expedite the relief measures for the affected families.
We the villagers cannot just listen to this and how this can happen.
Earlier, MBoSE Deputy Director Mac Donald Marbaniang defended the decision of MBoSE to make MIL an elective subject.
S.Sari, Publicity Secretary, Sengkhihlang.
(4) All people, whether righteous or wicked, will be resurrected one day.
The Mawlangwir Sports Club, therefore, invites all football fans and the people of the area to come and witness the upcoming Semi Finals.
There are also those who say that it is a shame not to accept the insulting words in this song and such people are undoubtedly stupid as the poet Soso Tham said 'jingshai ki wad around the world the light of the country does not know anything.
The injured were identified as Magret Kurbah and her two children, Plilynti Kurbah, 16, and Idaphisabet Kurbah,
The authorities have ordered tightening security at many prisons in the state.
If you feel unwell, such as fever, chills or difficulty breathing, please call
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, PAC Chairman Charles Pyngrope said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has wasted the money of the people in the purchase of The machine was built 100 years ago but has remained unused at Shillong Civil Hospital.
The event was opened with the singing of the Anthem of India, led by the Meghalaya Police Cultural Troupe.
“Another problem is that these four villages belong to East Khasi Hills District and if the electricity goes out in Ribhoi District, it goes out in these villages.
“The issues that Bah Peter Shallam will discuss in Parliament if the people elect him as MP, include the demand for the implementation of the ILP, the inclusion of the Khasi language under the Fifth Schedule, the demarcation of the border, to promote economic development, to demand the implementation of mining policies in accordance with the scientific era and other issues.
The winners of the March Pass were Pyrda Secondary School, Umthlong Nongthliew Government Secondary School second and Seng Khasi Secondary School third.
When asked about Prestone's promise, David said he has promised to look into it and inform the MLA of the constituency on the government's decision.
Many times the Seng has checked the documents of the foreign workers of these road construction companies and the Seng has found that many of the workers do not have the necessary documents and even the voter ID cards. to prove themselves to be Indians.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the vaccination coverage of the residents of the state has reached 49%. In November, the vaccination rate will increase rapidly and exceed 70%.
Shillong: The Ultimate Legend Bikers' Association (TULBA) on Tuesday met with the Minister of Home Affairs of Meghalaya, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui in his office at the Secretariat to talk about one of the issues that has affected us in the last few years and that is the death of BRIEW which as we have heard or seen in the newspapers and in other media each time.
Fifa's chief executive, Joko Widodo, said he was deeply saddened by the decision of FIFA and could not think or say anything else. show that the whole country should respect it.
Perhaps when I say this, it will surprise you, my dear brothers and sisters.
Shillong, Lber 28: The POCSO Court today ordered the remand of a Police Sub Inspector who was dismissed for allegedly raping two brothers inside the police station.
The RO of 20-Mylliem (ST) Assembly Constituency has been informed of this.
When a foreigner has been elected to these two councils, which the children of the state have relied on for the peace and stability of the nation, it is exactly as if he has held in his hands the stieh protection of the country. the nation.
The union has gone several times to expel these Assamese and several times they have gone out to inform the district authorities about these things, but it is not clear what the government has done.
The NPP has 54 constituencies and it can be said that the NPP can rule alone in the 2023 elections.
Teiskhem said that they don't want to do this in a hurry but they want everyone to know and they want the discussion to be in a dignified manner. He said that it would be better to hold it in the month of April while the date should be set by the HSPDP. “Let the HSPDP set a date in any “If you like it, we are ready,” he said.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla launched the scheme for 800 households affected by the natural disaster on Saturday.
“For many years, the power plants have not been able to operate as expected, the power stations which have just been installed have failed and the power plants have failed to operate. crores have been spent,"he added.
The winner of this year's tournament, Tariang FC, received a cash prize of T.2,50,000 (two lakh fifty thousand) tyngka while the runner-up, Umsalait SC. T.1,50,000 and trophies.
Meghalaya is also rich in mineral resources and has the opportunity to set up factories due to its mineral resources.
This happened after the Pnar/Jaintia language was forgotten and only the Khasi, Garo and English languages ​​were included in the song.
Jowai, Nailar 08: The Waheh Shnong of Namdong, West Jaintia Hills District, DS War today inaugurated the 2nd Inter Dong Football Tournament organized by the Seiñ Khynroo Namdong-B.Ka. The purpose and objective of the Namdong-B Khynroo Sein to hold this Inter dong is as part of the promotion of football activities and to bring together the youth of the village. illegal activities and drugs within the community.
The three-day strike by the JACATAM teachers has ended today to demand that the government should take over all the teaching posts in the state.
With respect to Bah HS Shylla Ex CEM KHADC and Ex MLA, I would like to clarify my statement in the Press, that I as a Nominated MDC I am the first to speak against the Governor of Meghalaya who appointed me. and that I should not have done such a thing, as that great man in the world.
Members sent by zones and units from districts are requested to arrive early.
At the same time, he expressed the hope that through the three objectives of the IVCS, namely 'Shaniah', 'Kyrmen' and 'Phyrnai', it will be able to implement many projects. blessings for the community.
The SP of East Khasi Hills , Bah MH Kharkrang , said that an Alto ( ML 06 2771 ) entered the grounds of the office at 1 pm the vehicle fled the scene.
The state has opened the door for people coming to the state to register before arriving.
Shillong: The West Khasi Hills District Badminton Association (WKA) will soon hold the Inter Office Badminton Tournament 2019 on the 30th and 31st of this month at the Indoor Stadium in Nongstoin.
On the other hand, leaders of the BJP, Congress and UDP joined the TMC party on Saturday at a meeting held at Patharkhmah. He said that he hopes that the party will lead the government after the 2023 elections in the state.
The KSU was accompanied by its former leaders including Bah Hamlet Dohling, former General Secretary who is now a Minister of State.
The program was organized by the Kyrmen Foundation in collaboration with the CSR department of Star Cement and Civil Blood Bank Jowai. MLA of Sutnga Saipung Constituency, Santa Mary Shylla was the chief guest.
These families who distribute food items by FKJGP are from poor families who have been affected by the lockdown to fight against Coronavirus or Covid-1
The elections include Delhi, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Mizoram, where the polling will be held on November 4, November 25, November 1 and November The polling in Chhattisgarh will be held for two days on 11th and 19th November.
“At present we have 36 MPs in the Legislative Assembly of the country, who have raised their voices for the welfare and concerns of the people in the Legislative Assembly”.
Malik was speaking at a meeting of Jat groups in Jaipur.
While marching on the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi, the students shouted and sent a message to the people to refrain from drinking or smoking and called upon all sides to Work together to stop bad habits in eating and drinking.
Macmillan Byrsat sitting MLA from the NPP party, whom the people of Nongstoiñ have seen and witnessed, has been involved in the four candidates. the achievements he has made in the five years as an honorary MLA of the constituency.
“Besides, speaking on the congestion of roads in the city, the CM said that these measures will also include the construction of new parking lots in the places where they are needed.
Thus the slave class established a fair and orderly distribution of food, and was able to distribute and feed all the people without excess, without less, without partiality and without partiality.
On January 30, Jessica was arrested from her residence in Indiana, where she pleaded guilty.
JOWAI: The Jaintia Students Union (JSM) and the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) have called a meeting to discuss the unemployment issue among the graduates of Automotive and Civil Engineer. There is no factory in Jaintia Hills.
We can do whatever we want.
However, the same people who left the UDP to join the HSPDP have invited a person from outside the constituency to contest from Mawthadraishan.
He said that on 12/11/20, the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, the Syiem of Raid Marwet and the Rangbah Shnong of Khanapara were summoned before the court. They have lodged a complaint with the EC on the border crossing of Assam.
He said that if the farmers are in trouble especially during the time of illness, the Foundation is ready to help those who need to be helped and with the hope that they will have the opportunity to meet and help again. These children and the disabled in collaboration with the Village Authority of this Village.
In another development, the curfew has been lifted from today in Quarters No. C-8, B-2, A-11, C-45, C-23 and C-1 of Survey of India, Barik, Shillong and the house of Mr. B. Nongrum, Motinagar, from 11th November
If this vote goes to the NDA, there is a strong hope that the candidate will win because there is no more division of votes.
"“Would it be appropriate for a class 8 or 9 student to come and explain the policy, if so I should have completed my studies only up to class 8 and explained this. , and such encouragement of students by some groups is a mistake", he added.
He said that when they meet together, they are happy and they have a lot of time to talk about their welfare and especially their jobs and how they can stand on their own feet even if they are not able to stand on their own feet. “They are those who are physically disabled and no matter how much time they spend, it is a joy and a joy to meet friends,” he said.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 24: The first Village Administrator Organization Langpih Circle has been suspended from the work of the Rangbah Shnong Union of Langpih Circle. also to the villages and towns that they should lose their unity in all respects.
“In terms of the Meghalaya Judicial Service Rules, Schedule B of the revised Rules, a compulsory paper will be inserted which will be Paper IV on the Khasi or Garo language and this paper will be required for the maximum mark. “If the candidate scores less than the minimum marks, he will be considered as a failure and other papers written well will not be counted,” said Sangma.
The words of hope we will read today are in the form of a poem that I wrote four years ago during the struggle with chronic illness.
In the time of Jesus the Roman Empire was the dominant power in the world and ancient Palestine was also ruled and attacked by it.
Treiborlang Suchen said that in the past years, the JSU together with the Jowai Waheh Shnong Union have sent a letter to the MDA-I government for the allocation of funds for the construction of the statue of Woh Kiang Nangbah at Lad College. Lad Nartiang is located near the Govt.
In congratulating the Seng Samla Mawlai Pyllun for this great spirit, the HITO also extends its full support to the youth and residents of Mawlai Pyllun in this endeavor.
At the time of writing, 45 people have been killed in the arson attacks and riots in different parts of the country.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Bah Vicky Lyngwa, one of the residents of the area, alleged that the SCB has not sent any notice to them and has come by force. man man man.
I'm worried about tomorrow when I'm working after I've finished my studies.
The Jaidbynriew needs to know more about the stories of these heroes and the selfless spirit they have.
All the best’.
In addition, the Congress has won the most seats in Khasi-Jaintia Hills, as follows, the three parties:- 2008-29-2018NCP(NPP)-15-13-1 11 – 08 – 07How do you know what will happen in 2023? Many people talk a lot about the 36 and 24, but they end up talking, when the count is long, PHIEL! Only shane won the 24th to 36th team.
Macdalyn S.Mawlong, MDC of the National People's Party (NPP) from Umsning Constituency, has escaped injuries after unidentified robbers threw stones at her residence on 10th June. Mawlein Mawkhan Village, Ri Bhoi District.
Matt 11:28-29The prodigal son, who was in trouble, trouble and distress in life, ran to the Father, and the Father received him with love and joy.
The young girl told the court in Tura that she was taken to the residence by several men and there she was raped several times during the day and after several days. , found her family members and took her away and the case is still under police investigation.
JACATAM has also met with Kong RV Suchiang, Cabinet Secretary in charge of Finance to expedite the work.
Instead of lighting up the roads, the NPP leaders have lighted up their own homes.
What is more shocking is that the residents of this village and other neighboring villages who have to work through this river also have to carry their goods. The bridge is only a pedestrian bridge which is slowly moving when many people pass through it which can endanger the passengers who pass through the bridge.
The KSU Mawshynrut Circle through its President, Samla Armstrong Sohshang strongly condemns the KSU for committing such a crime even in holy places and even in holy places. even children.
Kasper Iawphniang said that if the Government cannot pay their outstanding salaries by November 11, these workers will hold a strike from November .
The Commissioner said the department has urged the central government to release the remaining T.36 crore which has not been released.
A statement from the Kur said that there will be a ceremony for the Kurs on the honor of their parakurs at the Durbar Pyllun of the Seng Kur Warjri of Ri Khasi Jaintia at Mairang on the 12th March
The CAG has advised the government to strengthen the Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP) so that it can generate revenue to pay the debt.
Earlier, West Shillong MLA Mohendro Rapsang urged the state government to build the Medical College there especially when the foundation stone has been laid there.
The program was also enriched by a short drama from the NKD Wans YouTube Channel.
Meghalaya Rephica has left for Basar (Arunachal Pradesh) to take part in the Ultra Trail.
Nazir Khan was arrested while he was trying to smuggle drugs in collaboration with his wife Mantaz Begum of Thembasuk Nongthymmai. inside the Madanrting Police Station.
Marak and we have submitted our proposal but it has not yet reached anywhere.
There was an article published in an Irish newspaper that wrote that Bill Gates wants to reduce the number of people by forcing people to get the vaccine.
If implemented now, it will put pressure on the children as well as the teachers," he said.
Regarding the ILP, it is true that the state government should have handed over the matter to the Autonomous District Councils to look after this issue, as the District Councils have the powers entrusted to them. The Sixth Schedule of the Constitution and the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation
