This is the only game for Meghalaya, which is the owner of the land, to win many gold medals at the NEOG 2022 tournament.
The letter, signed by Phillips C Marak, President of the Association and Raju G Momin, Secretary of the Association, demands that the DC should cancel the caste certificate of Sangma. Mukul Sangma, however, said that if he is allowed to do so, then other foreign states or other ethnic groups will take advantage of this, by taking the example of Mukul Sangma.
Even if they leave, Delhi will not believe them.
Ardent M Basaiawmoit was the CEM of KHADC when he visited the market with his followers including many EMs. They hoped that the Iewduh would change soon, but until now there has been no sign. Then Bah Adelbert Nongrum as CEM also visited the Iewduh, but there was no change. He said that his EMs have gone to Iewduh after receiving many complaints from the market but here too there has been no change.
The inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Eight Schedule has turned into a nightmare because our leaders do not want to lose their seats or power.
In the 19th Riwar Cup Invitation Football Tournament, Pasadwar Young Boys beat Thangbuli 1-0 at Bakur Social Welfare Sport Club.
Up to 32 teams from Shillong have come to take part in the tournament.
According to a statement sent by Mawkordor Kharsyiemlieh President of WYF, it was alleged that the driver of the 108 and the doctor. The driver of the 108 asked for help to phone Ganesh Das and Neigrims and the doctor ordered them to go to these hospitals. 108 and turned over the driver of the 108, which also caused a lot of arguments.
Two more bodies have been recovered from the coast of Caraa, one of the worst affected areas, raising the death toll from 11 to 13 people.
The match tomorrow (Monday) 31st will be between Chutwakhu SC and Luti Tuber Ialong SC at 2 pm.
"It means that we can't avoid politics.
“We would like to urge the Women's Commission to take up this task to ensure that women should get jobs,” she said.
It is understood that the incident in Shella was caused by the allegation that foreigners including Garo who are only day laborers in the Shella area have been registered to vote.
He said the state government will have to find ways and means to get the shortage of funds and can also count from the allocation for the New Shillong Water Supply Scheme (NSWSS). T.321 crore has been allocated through the Special Plan Assistance (SPA) scheme for
He said that he received information about the incident at 7:30 pm, when he and the village leaders rushed to the house and found that the man had been killed. lie down in the midst of the streets of blood in the midst of thy house.
Taking part in the debate on the Governor's speech, the Opposition MLA said that peace and order has not been as stated by the Governor because there have been killings and robbery in these areas. three years old.
Since that day, the villagers have searched and some have tried to cut down trees, but nothing has been found.
Bajra, Ragi, Canary, Jawar and Buckwheat are to be exported worldwide.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Morningstar Mawsor, who explained that the meeting was held to strengthen the party in the constituency so that it can win the elections. this is the time.
The FKS said that it has recently brought the documents relating to the land of the Kurs of the War Area.
But his vision from afar did not satisfy him, for he could not see.
These rivers, if maintained, can even feed the state.
“Therefore, we strongly oppose the efforts of the GHADC and inform the people of Garo Hills that the people whom we have empowered to preserve, protect and look after the welfare of the land in Garo Hills Garo because we suspect that the land of our ancestors has been sold.
Shillong, March 30: Mylliem MDC Teilinia Thangkhiew has joined hands to support the speech by Sohra MDC Bah Titos Chyne on the illegal entry of foreigners. In this state, she said that the Khasi should immediately stop selling their shops in foreign states.
Nongpoh: U Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today arrived in Byrnihat to attend the SHG Mega Event held at Byrnihat Square. 2 roads have been built in Byrnihat, then the old Mawnong will be built for the construction of the Multi Facility Center of Ri Bhoi which will be built in Byrnihat.
The participating colleges were Seng Khasi College, St. Edmunds College, St. Mary's College, Shillong Commerce, Synod College, St. Anthony's College and Lady Keane College.
Through this, the WSHGs are able to implement other development activities to improve the income of the WSHGs and the individual members of the groups through trust and understanding.
Filmmaker Alanis Obomsawin will receive the Edward MacDowell Medal, which was also received by Toni Morrison, David Lynch and Roseanne Cash.
If the traffic is too long, it should be prepared in the areas where the distance is allocated, so that it is convenient every interval, especially on the roads where the traffic should be distributed. Through road junctions, passages that are closed, they may be released in groups to avoid overcrowding.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The government has set up various committees and the Boundary Commission on the border with the Assam government. However, while the government is setting up the committees, Assam is still occupying the land of Meghalaya.
He said the Common Mininum Program between the UDP and the HSPDP will be announced soon and the UDP will hold a general council meeting on November 15 to discuss the main issues.
The allegation against Singh has been investigated by the police and he has been summoned.
However, after the Conrad Sangma government took over in 2018, the Indian government announced that the CAU would move to Imphal, Manipur and the one in Meghalaya would become a college.
Regarding the Khasi language, Bah Metbah said that as a state, we have a great role to play and we have a good reason for how the Government of India will recognize the Khasi and Garo languages. They have sent a letter to the Prime Minister to discuss with the Government of India that it is time to recognize the Khasi and Garo languages ​​as included in Article 8 of the Constitution of India.
In a statement, the Publicity Secretary of the party, Bah Joseph Pyngrope, said that the suspension will take place at any time from the date of written notice.
Those who spoke on the occasion praised the development of the village in all aspects and especially urged to maintain the peace and order in the village.
There is no doubt that they are such dark people who insist that we all strongly oppose our Dorbar Shnong to cooperate with the police in any way.
Khan, who sent his resignation letter to the Congress on Tuesday, said that before taking this decision to leave the Congress party which he has been in for 26 years, he had discussed with the party. before with the crowd always supporting and being with him.
Besides, Bah Bisharlang also gave tasks to be done in groups and also individually to the students so that they can understand more about the teaching and explanation.
That is why the Word of God in the letter of the Apostle Paul to the Romans says – “For I do not want you to be ignorant of this mystery...that the tribulation has happened to them all. Israel, until the fulness of the Gentiles come in.
Speaking on the role of the North East in traditional health services, Sarbananda Sonowal said, “Our North East is blessed with nature and its gifts. He has given us the opportunity to provide care since ancient times.
Gupta said in the letter that the Mines and Minerals Development and Regulation Act (MMDR) 1957 (MMDR) can repeal its ban on coal in Meghalaya, although it has not yet done so. to decide on other mineral resources to date, without consulting the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India.
Therefore, the CSWO has alleged that the circumcision of children at the hospital without following the rules and regulations is illegal.
Of course, Jesus did not fight and fight alone, His disciples and many who followed Him fought and suffered with Him. Before His crucifixion, Jesus said of Himself: “Shisha , verily I say unto you, Except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone: ​​but if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit.
During these two months the rab begins to crystallize.
The interview will be conducted on 13,14,15,19,20,21st November 2023 and 04,05,06,08 and 09th July apply for the post of Assistant Teacher in Government Lower Primary Schools in Dadengre Sub-Division, West Garo Hills according to the Roster System of the State Recruitment Division. The results of the personal interview have been announced according to the category for Khasi, Garo, Jaintia and other SC/STs. Nurman Jasmin Khatun, Nurul Hassan Rahman, Sanjib Goswami, Shahinur Islam Sarkar, Amin Runa Parvin, Zannatul Islam, Rashidul Islam, Samul Islam, Mokleza Banu, Mollah Huddur Hussain, Sheik Firoz Abdullah, Ziaur Rahwhi Shewli Akand,San Siscer, to Mehuruna Parvin, Arjuma Rahman, Foridul Hoque, Ruby Zaman, Habib Ali Sk, MD Rakibul Islam, Seema Khatun, Ashif Nawaz, Abdullah SK, Azim Hoque, Karimul Islam, MD Saddam Hossain, to Hasmina Ahmed, Akibur Islam Government and Abdul Kalam.
When Bah Shangpliang lost the MLA election in June this year, he joined the NPP with his supporters to support Bah Alvin Sawkmie in the MDC election next year.
It is cleaning up the wrong doings of the same government in five years.
“I would like to ask the Khasi MLAs who are listening to this issue that if you don't speak for us young people, who else do you think will speak? This is your authority and you have to fulfill it,” said Samla Gerald.
“At present, the names of the beneficiaries have not been mentioned here, but when you submit development works to the Dorbar Shnongs especially when building Community Halls, you should also submit a copy to the Rangbah Shnongs or Secretary Shnongs.
These families received assistance from the donations of the people and the total amount of money donated this year is T.33,533 tyngka. He also gave a vehicle to these families who came to Shillong to receive these aid.
“In the coming days, nothing will be done to stop the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh.
He said that when we take the word 'growth', it is often used to describe houses, roads, streets but it should not be just that. Think also of other activities that are for the welfare of the community from women, youth and others so that the community can be free from the dangers such as social issues. these days and to do so requires cooperation.
The AVBP on 11th July, 2024, has sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to demand the suspension and investigation into the result announced for the post of Assistant Teacher in Out of 34 seats, 33 seats have been won by other ethnic groups.
Their chief, who is a two-star Sub-Inspector, is busy checking the documents of commercial vehicles by sitting inside the Gypsy while his men are busy boarding the truck to stop the truck. trucks to shake hands and drivers to collect 100, 200 and 300 tyngka once a handshake with truck drivers.
“I strongly condemn the people who shot dead the two students from Kerala in Jaiaw and this shows that there are robbers who want to bring bloodshed in this city,” said Lahkmen.
Not only that, Sohra is also the source of the Khasi culture and dignity since ancient times.
Observe and inquire about areas that may put children at risk.
It is learned that the fire broke out in the fruit storage area and therefore there was too much oil and fruit in the room.
“The case should be heard again within two months as requested by the Superintendent of Police, Shillong,” said Justice SR Sen.
After Father's clear instructions, Lydia obeyed him.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to buy nice clothes because you understand that you will wear them only at home, but at the same time you can buy nice clothes that will last a long time.
He said that the Minister's visit was to understand the safety of the area where the water supply and bridge are located and the traffic is increasing every day as the necessary parts need to be repaired.
In his speech, he also urged the people of the state to understand and know the importance of water.
The Bible is a book and a holy book that even non-Christians enjoy reading.
All female students will receive this 4000 while male students will receive only those from poor or BPL and Sche duled Tribe.
"That too is only to build a solid foundation," said Bruton.
The Border Police Outpost was inaugurated by Rupsing Teron, MLA Boithalangso LAC, West Karbi Anglong on the 12th of this month. July 2021.
Therefore, the FKJGP has given time within this month to the authorities to clarify on this issue and if they cannot clarify, the FKJGP will have to take another route and send a PIL to the FKJGP. The state government has been working hard to improve the quality of education in the country.
Speaking to media, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, “Meghalaya has done better for the ASHA workers compared to other states and when we have given the Fixed Renumeration, there should be another ASHA workers. Thank you on your behalf (ASHA).
Your age must be between 12 years and 18 years by 01-04-2
In the second leg, West Jaintia Hills beat East Garo Hills 2-0 with the goals scored by Nickybor Swer and Tiros Kyndait.
The shop belongs to a foreigner named Mohammad Najbul.
One of the unpleasant consequences is that children have a place to make friends and even with strangers who can take advantage of their selfishness.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Rangstarwell Wankhar congratulated the FKJGP Sawsymper Circle for having this visionary spirit to do something for the poor and needy. He also extended his blessings to the organization for continuing to do these activities which are not for the benefit of the organization but for the benefit of those people who need assistance.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh expressed his gratitude to the village for getting this plant to produce umsoh and various food items produced from Sohtrun. The aspirations and dreams of the people have come true because of their hard work.
Out of these 12 venues, the sports will be held in Trivandrum and Guwahati, while the others will be able to host the tournaments.
“This move saved revenue to the government by allowing more than the prescribed limit.
“When it comes to the rural areas, the government has allowed them to work for 100 days and in the whole state, the government has allowed them to work in construction works,” he added.
Jemino Mawthoh MLA, T Dkhar, Commissioner & Secretary, Labour.
The quota for AAY and PHH is not required to be paid in cash.
The party's election manifesto also decides to donate between T.10,000 to T.35,000 to temples and T.15,000 to imams and muezzins.
What is urgently needed is: (i) to set up a Town Vending Committee with 40 out of 100 members being vendors (ii) to conduct an in setup survey (iii ) to consider the holding capacity or the number of vendors in a place according to the population (iv) to consider the issuance of licenses (iv) to identify the vending zones and no vending zones, (v) to develop schemes for market vendors and other activities.
When asked, he said, “Any law that has been passed should go forward and not backwards but this implementation of the Roster System is only the obedience of the MLAs in the MDA-I government and the immediate implementation. The roster system for the coming years, he said, said that the court has urged, without judgment, it is only a taking advantage of the 2023 election.
Wake up people don’t wait for an easy way.
On November 31, she became ill and developed a forgetfulness disease, in which she forgot even her own child,” said Rajkumar.
The total amount released is T.41,25,00,0
of Meghalaya in its inspection of the PHC said that there are still many shortcomings that need to be addressed so that it can serve better the sick and the poor.
Remember that if you lack protein in the body, it can have a serious impact on the body and cause weakness.
In Karnataka, similar problems have been faced in relation to the recruitment during elections. It is common, not only once in any area, but in many cases. Therefore, we need to come together so that we can develop for the good of the state and the people, so that we can move forward.
The rich have more and more.
So any language you know will benefit you.
According to information received, money was deposited into the account number 0015049014654 on October 27, 2015 and T.50 lakh was deposited. original village in Mawphlang.
He couldn’t sit or lie down or move around as much as he wanted.
However, this promise is not enough because we want to be sure that there will be no problems in the future.
Can't you imagine what other power or Kingdom will replace it? Thus, it forcibly persecutes and oppresses the citizens of Palestine who are fighting for independence.
On the other hand, the leader of the PDF, Bah Process T Sawkmie, said that the PDF wants a Sunshar Administrator because as of now, the ARPA has become small paid. It has become small paid with only 14 members while the PDF has 15 members.
Earlier, the Minister said that many of them have reported that they are facing difficulties in implementing the 100 days scheme due to the delay in receiving the equipment.
The Assistant District Judge Shillong on the 28th of this month has issued a notice to the company to appear on the 19th July at 10.30 pm. explanation of this case against this company.
According to the results of the MP at that time, (L) PBM Basaiwmoit received a lot of votes and many of the people supported the pastors to enter the public service.
The main purpose of the Monolith Festival is to showcase the culture of the Khasi people who live and work in the country. different parts of the Khasi Hills.
Phrangki Buam scored the first goal for Lajong in the 49th minute and Ronaldkyndon of Langsning scored the third goal in the 82nd minute.
Baladinggre Nokma A.King Klason T Sangma who is also a member of PES explained his findings on this scheme and urged everyone to join hands to preserve the forests. especially around drinking fountains.
This is the biggest tournament in the world to be held at the Lumpinee Stadium.
“Ani wow, we have retired from Government jobs, but we haven't even received our pension,” said many of the Government employees.
“In the last five years, the total expenditure of Rs 10.30 crore, 60.67% of which is about Rs 6.35 crore, on the payment of salaries to employees of Rs 5.51 crore and to the Chairman and Vice-chairman to pay the “The government has not taken any steps to revive the company but has continued to provide assistance from the company. This has resulted in a loss of Rs 10.12 crore from 2015-16 to 2019-20,” she said.
Speaking at the 4th Anniversary Celebration of the SKM Government, the Minister said that the revenue collection of the Government has increased by 57% since
Shillong, July 24: The Government of Meghalaya has decided to release the monthly salary to the teachers of deficit, adhoc and govt aided schools in the state.
Speaking at the inauguration of the project, the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya, said that the success of the scheme is due to the cooperation of the villagers. bring your benefits to life.
It is understood that the Mukroh people carry only for their own use to build houses.
The farmers are now in the middle of the Delhi-Haryana highway and refuse to leave the area, as they want to reach the center of Delhi.
Meanwhile, the Congress has promised to conduct a census on ethnic groups which will bring social, economic and political justice to the SC, ST and OBC. claimed that violence against women increased to 31516 complaints of rape in 2022, which amounted to an average of 86 rape cases per day.
“The main purpose of this campaign is to raise awareness on the rights of the people and we invite and urge the people to cooperate with us to eradicate food shortage to fight poverty,” he said. .
He said it is only a political matter and there is no conflict in the family and his preparation for the election is for the constituency. feel yourself.
It is very rare for students who have passed the SSLC/HSSLC examination and other examinations to be in the Top Ten.
The Prime Minister said that the place where Chandrayaan 2 left its footprints will now be known as 'Tiranga'
It is learned that many other places have already been identified in Shillong, but it has not been accepted that it will be in this other place.
Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, said that through this meeting with the DC, the union also learned about the union's desire to change the names of the villages in the area to Khasi, because many of the villages in the area are Khasi. The villages on the border are called in foreign languages ​​and this is also one of the reasons for the courage of Assam to cross the border with Meghalaya.
The Forum also discussed the improvement of the roads which have been damaged by the natural disasters and especially the roads that have not been painted.
They can beautify our surroundings.
Checks have been distributed to all areas of Tura to start implementation of the Locality Beautification Project in anticipation of the upcoming Meghalaya Games 2024 which will be held in July
Police have also requested the public to inform the police immediately if they have any information that anyone has been extorted money or that anyone has extorted money from them. Those who do not inform and those who assist the party will be prosecuted under the provisions of the law.
Speaking to this reporter, the village leaders and elders said that it has also affected the sick, due to the inability of the CHC to function properly due to the lack of electricity.
More than 1300 villages have applied for the NGP in 2010-2011, said the Principal Secretary and 1300 villages have been confirmed to receive it in 2013-2
The NPP has been involved in the MLA elections in 2023 whether in Garo Hills or here in Khasi and Jaintia Hills. 26 people in
In this regard, the Seng on 7th June met with the Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills, Bah Garod LSN Dykes to seek clarification on these illegal plantations. He said that he has not received any information about the incident.
They serve especially to those who are like themselves, with the food that the servant like them can eat while he is hungry.
During these 70 weeks all the things prophesied in this book will be fulfilled.
The FKJGP wanted the government to take measures to showcase to the world the works and characteristics of Tirot Singh not only through holidays and meetings but also through great deeds. him.
This was stated by the KSU Western Border leader, while he and members of the KSU, accompanied the Syiem of Nongspung Hima, during his inspection of the illegal road construction. The Assam Government in Bakhlapara Village, which is still under the jurisdiction of the Nongspung Hima of Meghalaya.
According to the World Health Organization, this is all due to the lack of services available and many other barriers to everyday life.
In the second leg, Dhana beat Rymbai Ïawpynsing 3-0
Marvella Mawroh also appealed to the public to support her son, Peldan Mawroh who is the choreographer of Misti from Assam.
Those who witnessed the SHG Mela Cum Health Camp included Minister of Transport, George B Lyngdoh MLA Umroi, Rangkynsai Kharbuki MDC, SC Sidhu Director C&RD; Deputy Commissioner Dr CJK Warjri, BDO Bhoirymbong C&RD Block and other officers and elders of the area.
Thus, men and women are followers of Jesus and Jesus views them as fellow human beings with Him, and He does not see women as mere possessions or merely servants of His throne. guys.
Equin Pala, MP Shillong Constituency, passed away on
Zoologists say that it is not the sound of a wild animal, but the sound of a small bird, known as the yellow-legged buttonquail. It is said that this type of sound is more common during the breeding season of these birds, when the female bird is more frequently infected with the disease. can be heard at a distance of up to 100 meters or 328 feet.
In the last Assembly elections in Meghalaya, this issue was reflected in the working methods of the three political parties, the VPP, UDP and HSPDP. The VPP has taken seriously the election process as stated in the budget and therefore has been following up on this demand to change the appointment quota.
He said these projects are for the improvement of water supply for the Integrated Water Management and Livelihood Improvement scheme worth T.1000.00 crore to be funded by JICA and the Construction of Rain Water Harvesting. Structures to build small dams at a cost of T.1,195.00 crore with the support of ADB. advantage.
In the team shooting competition alone, 95 participants took part and in the singles shooting competition, 196 participants took part.
Even the two incumbent HSPDP MLAs will contest from other parties in the 2023 elections.
Thank you very much.
The union stands firm on its position, in collaboration with the village authorities of Mawiambei village to remove the illegally erected dewbilat cross, as it is not appropriate for the monument to be erected. syndon with the cross.
Kharshiing appealed to the children who came to take part in the Meghalaya Games to cooperate with the Association so that the games can continue and the Association will try to improve these mistakes.
However, there are still many who will join the NPP before the 2023 MLA election.
The price in Assam, from the point of purchase, will be T.5.10pisa each and therefore, it has been decided not to exceed T.6.15pisa each in the state.
Traffic will be reduced through the Shillong Ring Road Project.
Two teachers from the state who received the National Award including Bah Denis G Nongsiej, Headmaster of Govt.
Mawkyrwat, Ïaïong, 09: As the days go by, the pollution and spreading of garbage has increased and even the lack of cleanliness of the people has been one of the reasons for the pollution of the surrounding environment. It is located in one of the places in Riatthawlong near Mawkyrwat market.
KSU San Shnong Publicity Secretary Iahphang Dkhar said that the ceremony will be held on the 24th June at Pynthorsale at 1 pm.
Four teachers and two Scouts & Guides, who received the District Award 2023, were also awarded prizes. Babu Dayoo Hioo Laloo, a teacher at Sutnga Govt.
The Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) has announced that it has received three bids from England, Ireland, Turkey and Italy. part of their bid to win the right to host the European Championships in 2028 and
The film is produced and produced by Larry Suchiang.
He said that it cannot be said that the pollution of these rivers is caused by those who live in shops and houses near these rivers.
The decision was taken during a meeting with the HPC members, who agreed to hold talks again in July.
Otherwise, the Government should also demand to send Lat who speak English as mentioned above.
“Anyone including businessmen, teachers, traders, government employees and anyone else can pay online from now on,” they said.
Moolimen RMSA Secondary School, Sakhaiñ, won the first prize in the traditional dance competition, followed by Ambrose Memorial Secondary School, Khliehriat and Sutnga. .
This is to ensure the smooth running of the hospital in all aspects.
The National Tourism Conclave will also be held on 14th October 2020. Tourism Minister Prahlad Singh Patel, DoNER Minister Dr. Jitendra Singh, Sports Minister Kiren Rijiju, Union Ministers Jal Shakti and Gajendra Singh Shekhawat and others.
Deibormi Hinge won the Best Athlete (Boy) and Risamistika Pasi won the Best Athlete (Girl).
CASTOR OIL AND BLUEBERRIES “Ingredient : Castor oil and blueberry powder.
“Meghayala is not only beautiful but its citizens are peace loving and do not like to get involved in unfounded misleading activities. by Opposition leaders.
Hamkom said that in anger he took a pickaxe from the house and stabbed his father for the shadem.
In fact, J.A Lyngdoh was one of the leaders of the BJP in the state and in 2018 he contested on the BJP ticket from North Shillong Constituency and lost only a few votes. and received 5160 votes.
There may be those who are sad and there may be those who are happy, but the truth is that Disha Patani and her boyfriend, Tiger Shroff, have passed away.
The team of Mawlai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School has won the Inter-School Invitational Futsal Competition, which was held for two days by the Seng Khasi College. As part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the College in the State.
The Minister said that as it is known, the state relies on electricity only from the rain and this year the rain is slow to come and is expected to come in the next two months to fill the dams. generate electricity.
He and two other prisoners named Small Phawa who was charged with POCSO and Kwall Laloo who was charged with murder escaped from jail in June 2017 but were arrested again. Shiningstar has been arrested by the police while the other two have not been arrested yet.
Therefore, if T.1 is released by the Central Government, T.1 will reach the account of the recipient.
But if this is Your will, Lord, "he said, do to me as You will, Mary the Helper of Christians will help me.
Shillong Lajong coach Bobby L Nongbet said the team is ready for the match despite the fact that Churchill Brothers are a strong team.
Since the government has stopped testing for COVID-19, the number of tourists coming to Meghalaya has increased again as we have learned that the hotels have started to be crowded again,” said Saleng.
It is time to update the Reservation Policy according to the circumstances.
Two MDCs, HDR Lyngdoh from Sohiong and Ardent Miller from Nongkrem, have already resigned as MDCs while KP Pangniang from Rambrai-Jyrngam has announced his resignation after meeting with his supporters. this Thursday.
Your government is stupid instead of promoting your fellow citizens you have appointed a foreigner to take over as the chief officer of the state.
The Seng under the leadership of its President, Bah Aristotle Rymbai has submitted a petition to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong to convey this demand.
Nongstoiñ, July 7: The deforestation in West Khasi Hills continues not only for the transportation of timber to factories around the area.
Myntoilang Cable News Network, Jowai
“We would like to announce to the people that we will continue to stay and strengthen the UDP in Mawkyrwat Circle and in the coming days we will welcome thousands of supporters who will join us. members of the UDP,” said Bah Nongsiej.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 17: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawshynrut Circle under the leadership of Sanla Rongrin today arrested 12 suspected Bangladeshis from one of the places in Riangdo while they were pretending to be Bangladeshis. They don't sell clothes in the rural areas.
Speaking to Bangladesh newspapers, the wife of the politician admitted that Ahmed was abducted by police on the night of October 10 from their residence in Uttara, Bangladesh.
In Ri-Bhoi District, the SP of Ri-Bhoi District said that all the wine stores have been closed and the total number of wine stores has reached 67 and all the wine stores have been closed as well as two bars. licensed drinking establishments.
The Meghalaya High Court on Friday criticized the state government for the illegal mining and smuggling of coal and oil and the presence of overloaded trucks.
We are born with various talents but those talents will fail if we don't have the opportunity to express them to the world or to implement them.
The area also includes a 6,300 km border with China, Nepal, Bhutan, Myanmar and Bangladesh.
Recently in the Budget Session (June 2020), I requested the State Government to withdraw from the Rs 20 lakh crore allocation of the Central Government to encourage our Villages through development schemes.
The quarter final will be played on the 11th of this month and the students of the state will have to wait for the result on Saturday to compete.
The Congress party has condemned the inability of the Meghalaya government to curb the riots in Shillong.
His power is said to be that he once ordered a Russian governor to abstain completely from his wife and girlfriend. When Putin divorced his wife in 2013, Iliy asked some politicians, “Do you see whether there are women who are close to each other?” bad The President?.
However, it is not known whether they are working without publicity and they can announce at any time that they will contest from their party in the upcoming elections.
One of the Sying farmers, who did not want to be named, said that this kilo cut by the buyers, has caused them a lot of loss, because what they earn from what they farm, has been allowed. They steal from these buyers, through their kilo of Sying.
You must not back down and step forward and as the organization we encourage and inspire you like a small flame that shines in the darkness”.
Shillong: Phulbari Police today arrested a man named Habibul on suspicion of involvement in on suspicion of murdering his wife yesterday.
And it is when you teach and advise the wrong person that the word says to the wrong person, “Mistakes are the keys to victory” Mistakes are lessons to be good” Mistakes prove you that you are trying" Without mistakes you don't know how to do well".
According to him, at present, only these issues can be discussed except for the Question Hour as this section is more complex.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah PD Sangma, Head of District, said that the house will soon be demolished as it is no longer needed.
Inside the Syntu Ksiar, there is a statue of Kiang Nangbah, which pays tribute to the hard work of the star of the country to liberate Kiang Nangbah against the British troops on 30th November
In the petition, which was sent to the District Administration in Ri Bhoi, it was seen that almost all the village leaders from these two villages, have signed a petition against the liquor shop. They also urged the authorities not to allow the liquor shop to operate in the area. They also urged the authorities not to allow the liquor shop to operate in the area. .
Therefore, we have had to force them to pay the bill and there are some bills that have already been paid,” he added.
Bah Ñianglang said that at that time, the Assam police from Boko also came to the village but did not do anything or arrest anyone but this morning they came to arrest the two persons. He was arrested and taken to Boko Police Station.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The Assembly Public Accounts Committee (PAC) has vowed to punish the former Director of Agriculture for his involvement in the release of money to the company that built a house in Jowai without following the rules. .
Speaking to media, the Chancellor of USTM, Mahbubul Hoque said, “As the management of USTM, we are delighted to have been authorized to run this Ayurvedic Medical College. The Bachelor of Ayurvedic Medicine and Surgery (BAMS) will start soon at IAAMC, USTM. Although we are still accepting only about 60 students, the University will continue to increase the number of students in the coming years so that more students will be trained in this course. They will have the opportunity to be trained in this Ayurvedic study.
The Minister of Revenue & Disaster Management, Kyrmen Shylla, said that 10,263 residents have been severely affected by the storm and 2359 houses have been damaged including 2199 houses. and 160 of them were damaged.
This was discussed at a meeting held by the Chief Minister, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Managing Director of the National Health Mission and Principal Secretary of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. on Wednesday.
The Association invites only the children of Ri-Lum Jaintia to participate in the 14th District Open Badminton Championship 2023. The closing date for submission of names will be 30/8/2 to 5 pm.
On the 27th, searches were conducted at Jaliakhola Out Post and Kuliang Border Out Post, where 139 cows were seized from the nearby forest. cows worth T.39.44 lakh were seized.
He said that he also plans to provide adequate stadiums in block and district headquarters such as running grounds and artificial turf grounds in the next five years.
Mawlai's fourth goal came in the 74th minute after Robert had an attempt but was blocked by the opposing defender. was severely shocked by his right hand which entered through Edison.
Civilization : means civilization, civilization, civilization - a period of many years according to the special characteristics of that time, civilization is the characteristics of knowledge, tolerance and spirituality of society or human beings. human; rasong is the rapid growth in any aspect of a person's personal life or society.
Those who attended the launch included Raton Manik Mukhim, Working President of the NPP Mawhati Block, Donbok Kharnaior, General Secretary of the NPP Mawhati Block, Rangbah Shnong. Mawhati area and others.
He said that in fact there should be an incharge who should be in Shillong but they have appointed only employees who cannot take a decision.
Other sources said that there were many groups of youths walking in the shops in Khyndailad and they broke the doors and some of them went to break the tar in the shops. and also to throw out the goods in these shops.
The CEO said that 11,000 Form-6 forms have been distributed in Shillong alone to register as voters and this will be done separately in every school and college in collaboration with the college authorities. school.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, RM Kurbah and the Superintendent of Police, Sylvester Nongtnger, visited the office of the Governor of Meghalaya at Raj Bhavan. Shillong, after being summoned.
Therefore, he expressed his gratitude to the NPPYF of Warsanlyngdoh Area for organizing this special program to do something for the environment.
In order to preserve the uniqueness, customs and cultural heritage protected by the Constitution, Bah Sanbor requested that the proposal to implement the UCC should not be implemented in the Scheduled Area of ​​the state of Meghalaya.
They said that the case is still pending in the court but Bah Pynshngaiñ has violated the order of the court.
These 32 persons were also taken for medical examination and after completing the necessary procedures, they were released after signing.
However, it was not so, but the conflict increased and reached personal conflict.
UDP leaders including Donbok Khymdeit, President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) from Ri Bhoi District, Dr. Jemino Mawhthoh, General Secretary of the UDP in the state and Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Working President of the UDP in the state, said: They expressed their gratitude and hope that the joining of these youths to the UDP will continue to strengthen the UDP in the 2023 elections to be held in the state.
The minister said the government could appoint a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to investigate the incident in Assam.
Shillong, Lber 13: The RBPUO in Ri-Bhoi district has killed all the fish in the Umtung River in Ri-Bhoi district. They found that the fish and those that live in the river have fallen to the surface of the water because of the bih.
In another match of the 3rd Division, Mawtawar SC beat Nongkseh 1-0
The 2,000 copies were issued along with the 500 copies, after the 500 and 1,000 copies were withdrawn in November
The group will continue to protest for now.
Hundreds of faithful took part in the celebration of the Holy Eucharist which is the Body and Blood of the Lord Jesus Christ.
After the ceremony, the Minister inspected the new building of Nongtalang College which will be inaugurated soon in November this year.
In order to discuss with the higher authorities, NEHUSU, invites those students, who are not satisfied with their marks, to submit their marksheets within one day, as NEHSU, the want to solve the problem faced by the youth.
The PD of NHAI, who visited the bridge in the afternoon, said that even after the repairs have been completed, the construction of the bridge is only for those who have been repaired. Vehicles carrying less than 10 tonnes, while the DC of Ri Bhoi, who visited later and issued an order that vehicles carrying less than 30 tonnes, Section 144 CrPC has also imposed penalties on those who carry more than 30 tonnes.
Misheck Nyandoro, who has 16 wives, has been polygamous for 38 years and his duty is to provide for the needs of his wives. and 4 of his wives in each night.
We need the government to stop the influx of high paid people and the responsibility to get such a government is mine and yours.
The Prime Minister said that in the past there was no such consultation with those involved, but it is the present government that has gone to the field to meet with the people and it is the decision of the people after and he thought, and took this decision.
He said he has witnessed and requested the government to help these residents whose homes have been damaged by the cyclone.
Shillong: The Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that the government led by Conrad K Sangma has refused to transfer police chiefs in the state.
He said that after receiving the approval from the Governor, he will hand over the portfolio to the EM. The HSPDP has rejected the demand for another EM.
Turkey's Emircan Haney and Ayse Suzer won 156-155 to finish third in the play-offs.
Lakriah could not answer the words of Trekirot, then in the second dynasty, he reported to Syiem Chyllong, the same questions were asked by Blei Trekirot. The darkness of all the Ñiaw Wasa, the great sorrow that he can no longer meet God.
“The difficulty of running schools that differ in the number of teachers and students – some with only a few students and some teachers while some have hundreds of students but only a few teachers.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 33 new cases have been confirmed and 271 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
“It is time for the government and the MLA of the area to take action in this regard to develop the traders and farmers as the Jaintia Hills itself produces a lot of soh ki pai and marrep,” said Shlur. Main.
At the meeting, the group of village leaders and Sengbhalang, was able to form a Joint Action Committee (JAC), which expressed their strong opposition and threatened strong protests if the government auctions the land. MeECL branch in Umsning is a private company.
The foundation stone of the school was laid in 1940 by the Governor of Assam, Mr. Robert Neil and it was recognized by the Calcutta University in
East Garo Hills is a strong team and has not lost before the final.
“We used to buy grass carp which was better when we held the competition,” said Bah Nongbri.
Shillong: Four employees of EMRI GVK 108 have been admitted to hospital after they protested against the demand. government to their rights.
The award was approved by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in recognition of her hard work in the field. T.50,000 each along with certificates and medals.
In another photograph, Bittu Bajrangi was seen shouting “Goli Pe Goli Chalengi, Baap to Baap Rahega”. ) and demands that those robbers should not be destroyed by machines.
Nongpoh, Lber 19: The Community Hall constructed at a cost of T.20 lakh was inaugurated by Ma Ngaitlang Dhar, MLA Umroi Constituency as the chief guest. In the presence of other elders including Bah Sosthenus Sohtun, Rangbah Shnong of Lum Nongthymmai, Bah P.Syngkli, Lyngdoh of Raid Nongkylla, Vikram Singhania and other elders of the village.
The Rajya Sabha MP has confirmed that the Finance Secretary of the Union Government has filed charges against the Director of ED, the Assistant Director and the Investigating Officer who is investigating the incident. unrighteous against him in connection with this incident.
It reduces the risk of children suffering from obesity and other diseases.
On the demand for the replacement of the leadership, Wasnik said his visit to the state was not for the leadership but to discuss and seek advice from the party office bearers to improve the working methods of the party for the betterment of the party. the election season is coming.
We feel that there is nothing else that can fill this vacancy,” said the Syiem of Mawiang Hima, Bah N Syiem in a statement.
Shillong, Naitung 12: Following the protest by the Seng Samla Hima Langrin, Pa'iem Nangtei Syiemïong, another group of youths have claimed to be the children of the Hajar of Hima Langrin. to justify and defend his performance.
Genesis 7:11-24.
Shillong, Nailur 14 : The family of former HNLC General Secretary Cherishterfield Thangkhiew, MLA of Mawlai Constituency Process T Sawkmie has demanded in the Legislative Assembly to investigate the incident. The CBI has requested the CBI to reveal the facts.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Executive Committee of the KHADC, Shillong, today came to the District Council to meet with the Executive Committee of the Hima Langrin. u Bah PN Syiem, Deputy CEM, who is also in charge of the Elaka Department.
A statement from the Defense PRO on Tuesday night, after receiving information about the incident from the Anti Terrorist Squad (ATS) of Gujarat, said that troops have been deployed. of the Indian Coast Guard who were deployed for maritime surveillance on board the ships ICGS Meera Behn and ICGS Abheek in the Arabian Sea.
Shillong, June 21: The Greater Laban Community Development Society (GLCDS) has welcomed the efforts of MLA Sanbor Shullai to introduce a full traffic police.
The Meghalaya State Volleyball Association (MSVA) team led by Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA South Shillong, Bah PT Passah, Working President, Bah KV Kharlyngdoh, Vice President, Bah Gilbert Laloo, Asst Secretary, MSVA and other members They met with Bah John F.Kharshiing Working President MSOA on the 5th July 2023 at 3 pm at the MSOA Office, JN Stadium, Polo Grounds to discuss the affiliation of the MSOA. Volleyball is one of the sports to be held at the 5th Meghalaya Games in 2023, according to the MSVA.
Fear of Burma's invasion led Syiem Ram Singh of the Sutnga Hima to sign a Social Alliance with the French on 10th October
He said that this will further boost the economic development of the state and peace of mind.
Marweiñ said the meat vendors have decided to reopen their shops after the state government recently said that the Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD) has been cured. control within the state.
If an individual's way of life does not put others at risk, the right to exercise this will and choose what is best for him remains and cannot be taken away from him that truth.
He said this committee will look into the rules and authorizations of MUDA. We will try to look into the facts whether there are any delays in the authorization by MUDA to build these houses. said the Deputy Commissioner.
At the same time, he promised to assist according to the Memorandum submitted to him by the Seiñ Raij Ialong and the Dorbar Shnong to improve the road from the main road to the Ialong Park.
The next match at 4 pm will be between Mawlai SC, the top team in Group B, against the runners-up of Group A, PFR Football Academy.
Nongpoh: A Khasi family in Barapathar village, Umtyrnga area on the border with Assam, has been threatened with verbal abuse by two persons, known as Tutu Majumdar and Nurul Islam, from Assam, who came to live in the village.
In his first season between 2016 and 2018, BFC won the Federation Cup followed by the first round of the Super Cup and became the team. the country's first game to reach the AFC Cup final.
Long live our country and our nation.
The North Eastern Service was established 25 years ago to collect information on national songs, traditional dances and the way of life, customs and traditions especially of the Indigenous peoples in the North East. east and to inform the world through the radio network.
Hopefully the vision of the leaders of India who drafted our constitution will be successful and the country will progress in all aspects through the cooperation of the people of the country and the rulers whom we elect. .
Besides, it was also seen in the picture that the bridge has been badly damaged and it is no longer possible for vehicles to pass.
Now that the court has allowed the mining of coal, the land owners, the villagers, the District Councils and the State Government will have to wake up first. , they will be able to carry out this work smoothly, so that it will not destroy the villages, the land, but so that it will revive the income of the Ri Khasi Jaintia from now on.
“I cannot say anything yet because I am still asking for a report on the incident.
Speaking to Rupang, Diverland said that Dr. Mukul's actions have been shocking in that he has been willing to remove even the most senior member of the Congress party, without consulting and without any reason. .
Not only that, the child used to stay overnight at the house of the mother-in-law and on that day the mother-in-law of the mother-in-law told her to stay overnight but the child in the evening left to go home. and she did not come home that day.
The death toll in Spain has risen to 4,800 with 769 new deaths in the past 24 hours.
This was stated and acknowledged by some of the drivers of commercial vehicles while talking to this reporter after seeing that the fare has not been increased at all and that 100% passengers have not been able to carry more passengers. inside commercial vehicles.
According to Bantei, the shooting may have been a mistake although they did not say anything at the time of the shooting.
The suspect was arrested from Lumiew village of Pyndengumiong village, Mairang on Thursday evening.
Therefore, we have to do it in such a way that everyone will agree and accept so that the discussion will be based on mutual understanding and most importantly, trust on this issue,” said the Minister.
As the village leaders, after seeing this, they called him to answer before the Dorbar Shnong held on July 6,
Meghalaya's players were Brolington Warlarpih (C), Kenio Lyngkhoi (GK), Donlad Diengdoh, Ebormi Buam, Kynsaibor Lhuid, Samuel Shadap, Ronald Lyngdoh Nonglait, Banpynkhrawnam Nongkhlaw, Arnesius Marwein, Mediphrangshi Poam.
Rodrigues and her husband, Roberto Gomes da Silva, were arrested after the night of Da Silva's body.
“Therefore, it is a matter of choice and decision whether we will remain in this decision and we cannot open any more parks or go ahead with this matter and bring back them. replacement at the right time.
These are the times when all Christians should pray for Jerusalem because God has spoken.
Hundreds of dolphins have died in the Amazon River since last month due to the cold weather and drought. there is no water.
Roshan strongly condemned the robbers who were involved in the crime.
Shillong, Naitung, 07: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Friday decided to find ways and means to address the problems faced by the people due to the introduction of the Meghalaya Minor Minerals Concession Rules. (MMMCR), 2016.
“In the next five years we will build indoor halls, tracks, football fields in every district, sub-divisional and block headquarters,” he said.
It is exactly as if the whole society is still experiencing only the bullets of guns and drugs but now it is experiencing the bomb which is drugs.
The lack of discipline of the political parties is also one of the reasons,” he said.
On the drafters of the Constitution and the members of the Constituent Assembly, the spokesperson of the party said that when they (the drafters and members) used these words, they thought carefully and as a result, it shall respect the wisdom of the founders of the Constitution.
“This letter is to seek clarification on the status of the case and to request that the complainants and witnesses be allowed to submit their statements through video conferencing on the date of the hearing before the Lokayukta decides. I don't know what to do," he said.
He said that all the residents along the border with Assam are kwai tympew, sying, soh, and there are not many rice farmers, as the area has a shortage of rice fields. .
L.Rymbai, who is one of the candidates for the 6-Khliehriat MLA election in 2023, has made it clear to the people that the vote buying of the people of the constituency. At a meeting held at Lumshken village, Bah Damewanhi Rymbai said, “The first part I will ask is why we suffer, why the people They can no longer provide for their needs in their homes, the reason is because there is no job enough to work, we who are small and poor if we work we will be arrested, while the rich who work and earn billions of dollars do you ever hear that they are arrested, don't you hear that they are arrested, the rich benefit from this wealth that we have here, and this I know that you don't benefit from the coal mining, because here in Lumshken it is known as one of the places to farm, which earns a lot of money. By farming, by farming, by working in the forest, although there are parks, coal mining is not the main occupation in Lumshken, where now this village is now on the map. As one of the villages which produces pig seeds, the government department in charge of agriculture is working hard on how to develop this agriculture industry in Lumshken village,” he said. He said that the area has leaders who have not looked after the development of agriculture in Lumshken village, which is an important activity in the village. Self Help Groups, VOs, various Committees through these are the ways to improve employment and income generation.
The speed breaker at Iawtymmai has been moved in front of the new market or Lad Stadium to facilitate vehicles leaving the market.
The Bible tells of the severe persecution of the followers of Jesus Christ.
Therefore, the Seng invites the Presidents/Secretaries of the Seng Khasi and Seiñ Raij departments, Langdoh Niam and Pa Daloi from different Elaka to attend this tournament.
You have set up factories to produce coal.
Replying to this issue, Mukul Sangma said that a meeting of the Chief Executive Members, KHADC authorities and the government was held on 14th November 2017 and it was also discussed that the KHADC will request for the return of the KHADC. In meeting with the Chief Executive Members and on the land acquisition of the Urban Development Department, it was agreed to work with the Town Committees to form the KHADC, according to the Act. of the Meghalaya Town & Country Act
On the other hand, HANM in June 2020, will meet with all the MLAs to explain these issues.
Speaking on the election of the IIFA, Vicky expressed his gratitude and for more than 7 years now he has been able to take part in this event.
All the expenses of these students will be borne by the State Government until they complete their graduate degree.
Although officially Meghalaya cannot be called a Christian State because India as a whole is a secular country, it is known as by Christian State.
“Of course I went to join the UDP temporarily, but when I left I saw that my idea of ​​serving Mawlai does not agree with those within the UDP,” he said.
He urged the pharmacies to refrain from taking advantage of this time to sell overpriced masks.
More than 2 foreign shops have been closed down from Stand Jeep to Motphran due to lack of trading license and some have been revoked trading license due to lack of trading license. that they did not comply with the conditions under which they applied to do the type of business.
and Abraham returned unto his place.
Norway is only 200 kilometers from Russia.
“I see that there are rumors that if Prestone and Conrad give them land, we will see.
Shillong, Naitung 26 : The incident of attack on public leaders starting first at the residence of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh and then at the meeting venue of the Prime Minister recently in Tura, has increased. Nongpoh MLA, Bah Mayralborn Syiem has demanded that the security department of the state should be strengthened.
This is also the case in the state of Meghalaya.
After seeing the expenditure for the Kur Pond which has been shown by the documents which has reached more than T.5 lakh, Bah Swer said that the people who used to work on the Kur Pond They told him that even if they spent only T.3 lakh, they could have done a slep.
“Where is the status quo between the two states when the people are still experiencing such tragic incidents,” she said.
‘In God We Trust.
All these three bodies were recovered with the help of villagers and NEEPCO employees in the 5 Kilo area.
In this regard, vehicles no longer suitable for plying on government-owned roads will be scrapped in the first phase of the implementation and private vehicles that have been in operation for about 15 years will be allowed remove later.
The party has also won in Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Nagaland and Meghalaya.
The order was issued by the High Court during the hearing of the contempt petition between the JHADC Staff Association against the JHADC and the Meghalaya government on 6th June.
Similarly, in these nights, the roads in Ri-Bhoi District have been closed due to the night curfew.
Paul has been an MLA for three terms and lost the 2018 MLA election to Congress MLA Mohendro Rapsang.
The MLA said that he will soon hand over 10 lakh tyngka to the Dorbar Shnong for the construction of the village hall.
Riangdo, July 14: KSU Mawshynrut Circle under the leadership of Samla Ulysis Ryntong and Samla Jefferson Sohshang, Assistant General Secretary of KSU Mawshynrut Circle together with several members, left to meet with the Branch Manager of Meghalaya. Rural Bank (MRB) Seiñduli Branch today 14th July 2022 regarding the malfunctioning of the bank and while discussing the problems, it was found that the first reason is the lack of network, update machines and others. of.
Not only that, even the driver of the car came out and shook hands with the policeman.
The MNP scheme aims to distribute water to the villages of Marboh, Nonglum, Nongrah, Nongpdeng and Pohtoi with a total population of 12021 people.
Women who have been assaulted or abused may come by themselves or through any person to accompany them including a public spirited citizen, employees Government Servant as defined under Section 21 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC),
Police have registered a case under Section 7/8/18 of the POCSO Act, 2012 against the accused Lucky Dhar.
The observers of the traffic problem have told us that it is difficult for the Government to improve the roads and paths.
The deceased were identified as Sambha Shylla, 21, of East Jaintia Hills District, Khim Singh, 46, of Happy Valley, Ramnela Durga Prasad Roa, 45, of Andhra Pradesh and Swaraswati Puri. 45 years old in Bara.
The Seng Khasi Kmie Shillong celebrated its 119th Anniversary today on 23rd November 2018 by holding a march from Iewrynghep Square, Laitumkhrah to Weiking Hill, Jaiaw.
According to Kong Syiemlieh, MEMRIWU has appealed to the MDA Government from 2018-2019 to terminate the soskular.
Soon after, about ten o'clock, my mother came back from the market.
He added that many of our ethnic groups have also qualified according to the requirements of the jobs, asking why the interview was called again at the NEHU Guest House in Guwahati.
Clean electricity is one of the 17 global goals of the 2030 United Nations Agenda for Sustainable Development.
Rowel and Hek handed over their resignation letters to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to allow Ronie and Danggo to take their place.
He said that Meghalaya has always been a platform for sports talent to showcase their talents, and their recent entry into the final of the Santosh Trophy shows their achievements. of our sportsmen.
Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, 4th June, the Secretary of the HPC said that the HPC has already prepared a reply to the request of the HPC. They will also respond to the blueprint proposed by the government and on the 10th, they will meet with the state government authorities.
It will be a great loss to the nation because it will lose its unique snap, customs and traditions.
In this regard, it is not clear whether the appointment of the new DTO is an attachment or a permanent transfer until the end of his term of office according to the rules of procedure.
He also condemned the arrest of FKJGP Publicity Secretary Eldie N Lyngdoh.
So how to know how to improve agriculture and how to use seeds to cultivate according to the right seasons.
How much more to hand over to those who will fight for our future as a nation.
He said that the ASTC will fall under the jurisdiction of Assam and other areas which belong to the citizens of the state.
Shillong, Nailur 16: A woman named Silver Talang, 68, of Demthring village, West Jaintia Hills, has died of shock on learning that her son has died.
Other speakers on the occasion were Bah PN Syiem and Commissioner & Secretary, Arts and Culture, Bah FR Kharkongor and others.
Deepika, after being appointed as the spokesperson of Qatar Airways, has expressed her desire to find ways and means to attract more international citizens to travel. this is the aircraft.
The union said that the smuggling of sugar has caused a loss of revenue for the state.
“Health is not only about the body but also about the mind.
The seven girls are Daiaka Emigale Warjri, Debasmita Dutta, Ajima Sangma, Monica Lyngdoh Phawa, Neha Hajong and Suriti Kumari Ray.
EJNC 5 Village Circle Officers: President – ​​Keling Phawa.
He is one of the youths who came forward before the MLA election 2018 to explain to the people how to elect leaders through the Clean Politics Campaign.
The Minister said that the 4G networks will be extended to all the villages in the North East of India.
He said that after the approval in the Lok Sabha, the KSU in collaboration with the NESO has been waiting for what else will happen in the Rajya Sabha but before bringing it to the Rajya Sabha, he said that the KSU leaders together with the The NESO has met with many political parties to seek support and today it has succeeded in which the Indian government has refused to bring it to the Rajya Sabha.
On the other hand, NESO will also visit the temporary shelters of those affected by the bloodshed from Kukis and Meitei in Manipur and will also meet with the Chief Minister and the Governor of Manipur.
“We the residents of Garo Hills have hoped that the Garo language will be included in the 8th Schedule by considering it on the right grounds.
“It will be of great benefit to the residents of Sohra Market and they will be free from the rain especially during the rainy season as we know that the Sohra area is the rainiest place,” he said.
“This is the first time to see so many candidates to take part in the interview, because in the previous interviews only 20-30 candidates took part but now There were many times and we didn't find it ready so we had to postpone it to another day”.
Visitors should first and foremost respect the town and the people who live there.
He said North Korea and the United States have refused to cooperate since North Korea raised nuclear threats because of the United States' understanding of the nuclear test. more and more.
The election belongs to the people and the elected person can become the MLA of this constituency.
In addition, there are no adequate roads and footpaths.
Speaking to reporters, the Syiem of Raid Nongtung, Bah Miwel Shadap, said that the Raid Nongtung is not under Block-II as it used to be. Cross the border with Meghalaya.
This disease is caused by very small organisms that cannot be seen even under a microscope, and which are called viruses.
The Federation of Khasi States has already suggested to the Government of Meghalaya from 1st May 2020 to create measures to quarantine all those who have returned to the state. Villages to take urgent measures to use school buildings, dorbar halls, communities, churches, as places to quarantine those who have returned to the state.
Dr. Ampareen said that this is also the part of the government to take advantage of this last session of the Dorbar in four days by making good use of the golden opportunity that it has given itself to explain to them. issues that have.
The Minister feels the urgent need to amend this Act as Article 164 (1) of the Constitution (Amendment) Act, 2003 prohibits the appointment of PS, as they are equal to the rank of Minister of State. .
The swearing-in ceremony was also attended by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Government Ministers including Banteidor Lyngdoh, Hamletson Dohling, Lahkmen Rymbui and MLAs Saleng A Sangma, Pynïaid Singh. Syiem, Chief Secretary Bah DP Wahlang, DGP Dr. LR Bishnoi and others.
There are 3,994 confirmed cases and 926 deaths.
Rijied Marbaniang scored 46 runs off 49 balls while Javed Jyrwa scored 33 runs off 48 balls.
“He praised the delicious food of the Khasi and I told him that this is the food from the country with the highest rainfall.
Rahul's decision to resign comes after the Congress lost the last MP elections, in which it won only 52 MPs in the Lok Sabha. He also lost against Smriti Irani in Amethi.
The Ministers of the Hima Mylliem have lodged a complaint against the Syiem for allegedly auctioning the Hima land at Law Mawpat to churches to build a cemetery without the knowledge of the Hima.
“I have already spoken to the Chief Minister, I have mentioned that this is an issue that can affect the two ethnic groups and requires a thorough consultation for the benefit of all. “There are no ethnic groups in the state,” he said.
The G7 group includes the United States, Britain, France, Germany, Italy, Canada and Japan.
“Hooid kein, the bapli was surprised... But Khun Kha was very happy to see me...” said Niakha to Rida.
On the 29th of this month, the coach will hold a 10-day training session at Tura, West Garo Hills.
Furthermore, with this victory, the team has set a new record for the most number of victories and trophies in the tournament, in which the team has already won the trophies in 2004, 2008 and 2015; Pakistan, India's opponent, have won the tournament in 1988, 1992 and
He said that the drug trafficking is like a war against the people.
The KSU has held an election to elect its office bearers in Jaintia Hills for the year 2018-21 and in this election, those who won peacefully without any opposition include Ohibait Dkhar President, General Secretary Albinus Lamurong, Asst.Secy.
Shillong, Nailur 18: A petrol bomb has exploded at the old Ranikor Police Station in South West Khasi Hills District today.
In this meeting, the Secretary to the Ministry of Education said that the Government will not be able to upgrade the Adhoc Schools to Deficit Pattern/Deficit Systems because the Government is in trouble. the Money Plan.
The education department of the state government will have to arrange and set the date for the examination.
He said that at the meeting, it was suggested to dig the shyiap at the PHE water supply site at Myntdu Mupiah.
On the National Games, the Prime Minister said that the government will soon provide the figures before meeting the Prime Minister.
In 2013, eight journalists were killed and it is because of these incidents that our country has declined.
I can confirm this because I too was sick for 10 days on January
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Meghalaya, said that Meghalaya is a state that has to pass through to reach from one state to another and they cannot stop this, but the government has put by teams to ensure that there is no halfway round of these people passing through the state.
“While the KSU and the people of the state are waiting for a reply from the Government, the KSU will continue to follow up on this demand. This step is taken to get information on the intention of the State Government and the Central Government regarding the demand for ILP”.
“We will go together to discuss this issue with the Indian government,” Sangma said, declining to elaborate.
Sakhil Ahmed, Additional Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, stressed the need for conservation, urging the youth to have the mind to think about environmental protection and water conservation.
The forecast was from 8.30 am yesterday to 8.30 am today, the India Meteorological Department, Shillong said in a statement.
How Do I Do It? We will strongly oppose until the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 is passed and we can do more as mentioned below.
Mawthadraishan, July 13: U MLA of Mawthadraishan Constituency and Minister of State, Bah H.Brolding Nongsiej on Tuesday inaugurated four village roads at a meeting held at Tengri Village Ground. , whose allocation for these roads is Rs 47 crore more.
The Society for the Study of Law has convened a public meeting tomorrow at Chutwakhu to discuss the demand for the establishment of a National Law School in Jaintia Hills.
“In October, when the results of the election were announced, the VPP candidate came fourth after the NPP and BJP. decision of the people," he said.
The opening ceremony of the MSL Football Tournament was also attended by Bah Renikton L. Tongkhar MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency together with the staff of the Meghalaya Football Association DR. Lumbor Mawsor. and other members of the MFA as well as members of the MDSA along with the public who witnessed the event.
“I will inform this to the Prime Minister regarding the meeting and the documents received at both the meetings.
At Pinewood Hotel, after interviewing Pynshngain, Wasnik and Joshi met with Mukul Sangma and Lapang before leaving for Delhi.
Jowai, Jymmang 24: A woman identified as Linda Nongkrem of Lumtrep Nongjngi village who has a ration card number Pyniaiddame Pale, a Fair Price Shop Dealer at Lumtrep & Iangker Center for lack of ration.
On the same day, the KSU leaders also met with the Khasi students of USTM and RIST, to learn how to take bairung, how to give training, shilling employment and others.
please text or call me.
However, the UDP Ministers have admitted that it is a scheme of the government, not only of the NPP. to the supporters of the NPP in the last elections.
The question arises, isn't it the corruption that has destroyed the rule of law after 1983-84 through the politics of corruption followed by the purchase of horses which has led to the struggle for power and the lack of spending? They have the right to think only how to overthrow the government and fight stingy for policies and plans related to national development including the rules of law, how to protect the rights of the state and India, which has led to The anger and dissatisfaction in which the students as a Sengbhalang have had to take on the responsibilities of the rulers to call for strikes to surprise and explain to them to take responsibility for all the responsibilities related to the state and India.
People who have a heart like the soil of the road will become proud, self-righteous, self-righteous, self-satisfied, self-righteous, slanderous, hateful, unforgiving, rebellious, that only their religion is righteous, hypocritical...They were once full of love, pursuing righteousness, honoring each other, but since Satan was allowed to trample the good soil (their hearts )you've changed.
Shillong, November 7: Three days after the screening of the film 'Sa Shisien', there has been a rush of people to watch this Khasi film.
Regarding the Umroi Airport, the union demands that the government should expedite the construction of the Umroi Airport, because if the government can expedite the completion of the Umroi Airport, “It will be a great blessing to the people of the state, especially to those who need to travel far away,” said Bah Bipul.
Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnongs, Village Authorities, School Teachers and Residents. The Rangbah Shnongs thanked the BSF for their assistance to the villages in the border areas. .
“We want to say that we don't want to fight a war or fight a defeated war as the minister has said,” she said.
It is to be recalled that the President of the MPUF had visited the shop when the JSU and JYF had closed down the shop after a complaint from the residents that the shop did not have any books. However, during the raid, Dawanpoimi Laloo, a nationalist preacher in the name of the MPUF, came out to take over the shop. The President of the MPUF, Shillong, has come to Shillong to hold a press conference but could not confirm the incident. He said that the names of the foreign workers and the manager of the shop could not be revealed.
The judging of applications will be held on 28 October and the last date for withdrawal of nominations will be on 30 October.
UDP Mylliem Constituency President Hamlet Dohling said that the party has received information through RTI. The 19th meeting of the Rajya Sainik Board has approved to allocate 18 acres of land at 7-mer Upper Shillong which is the land of the Department of Agriculture of the State Government. The agreement was signed by the Chief Minister of the State who is also the President of the Board.
Ultimately, the Reservation Policy is a weapon of political parties.
If the road is too short, build a mono rail or there is no problem even building a Metro as in other cities to connect around the centers of the city. Shillong.
As the leaders of the Seng Samla Nongpoh Pyllun, we have the same idea and that is to work for the good of the community. mynder, especially in Nongpoh, a place where many foreigners and strangers have begun to appear.
In the second half, Arunachal Pradesh struggled to take the lead, which turned the tide for Meghalaya to continue scoring. Two goals remaining to secure the title of the most prestigious tournament in the country.
Shillong: U Bah DD Lapang, former Chief Minister and Advisor to the MDA government, on Tuesday said that Bah Hoping Stone Lyngdoh, who is not a member of the MDA government, is a leader of the nation. star of the nation.
He said he has requested the file from the Social Welfare Department and will look into it thoroughly.
These three teams were the winners of the District Level Inter School Football Tournament-2023 organized by the District Sports Officer (DSO) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai. Southeast Jowai.
At 5 o'clock, most of them left at 4 o'clock, some in the name of shaw school children left at 3 o'clock, they disappeared completely.
Guwahati, Naitung 30 : The Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, on Tuesday said that the influx of Rohingya from Myanmar into the North East is alarming.
Dr.M Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of State, Government of Meghalaya, in the presence of Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President of MSOA, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Charles Marngar, MLA. Mawhati, Bah HM Shangpliang, Bah RB Shadap President of RBDSA and other dignitaries and leaders of RBDSA. Margareth Pathaw, international gold medalist in the handball event and Sr.
Police have registered a case under Section 109 (12) U/S 3(a)/4 of the POCSO Act.
Speaking to media, Paiem Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet, said that this is the annual Sohjer festival of the children of Raid Marwet. u kba u khaw, and harvested the first soh to put an offering before God the Creator to bless the thousands of children of Raid Marwet and especially to continue to bless them to grow and prosper in all aspects.
Experts say that if the uranium mining project starts in Mawthabah and Domiasiat, more than 30,000 people will be affected (which will also lead to displacement) not counting other impacts. influx, the risk of flooding at the processing plant and others.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 27: The illegal mining of shyiap from Wan Umïam in the border of Amphreng Village in Ri Bhoi District has continued till today, even after the KSU Umden Circle and the owner of the land They have already lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to protest against the mining of shyiap from the Wah Umïam which is located between the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
“To talk about cows or talk about cows' eggs is a lowly thing for some people.
All the information is collected and stored in a database and the state can understand how many people will come.
Then Paul in his first letter to Timothy, says, "For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus.
Speaking to media, George N Sangma said that although in these days, the union has already lodged a complaint with the Minister. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the state government has not yet taken any action to curb the illegal activities.
Kharokongor said the total weight of the liquor was 1450 liters and today alone the Excise Department seized 1104 liters of liquor and other beverages worth T. 4 lakh rupees.
From these two persons, police also seized several firearms, two mobile phones, an Activa motorcycle and several documents of the party. .
“I have called a meeting with the leaders and supporters of the constituency on Monday.
it was the revolt of the children of thousands in the hills against the ancient Sutnga kings who had accepted the teachings of Hinduism.
They were arrested at the railway station in Guwahati and had been working in Bengaluru for three years.
Therefore, we will conduct a postmortem at the end of the Budget Session so that we can improve further in the upcoming elections.
It was also decided to suspend Ayush Sinha, SDM, until the investigation is completed.
He also urged the trainees not to miss the training so that they can get all kinds of training.
The All Jaintia Cricket Association (AJCA) has decided to participate in the U-15 Boys Cricket Tournament 2021 organized by the Meghalaya Cricket Association.
• Further measures have been taken in the past two months as follows• During the curfew, there has been a purchase at the Minimum Support Price (MSP) of more than T.74,300 crore• PM KISAN has been sent fund of up to T.18,700 crore• Payment under the PM Fasal Bima Yojana of up to T.6,400 croreAgriculture : Other measures taken during the COVID-19 pandemic• During the curfew, demand for milk you have lost 20-25%.
The central theme of the discussion was how to reduce the production of greenhouse gases and also how to manage water.
AN Muksor, NPP MDCs and others.
And and tyllai You are the Mon of Herimai.
Most of those who attended the meeting were UDP Mawlai leaders who have been removed as leaders without their knowledge.
“Our officers have prepared a DPR which has been approved by NEIGRIHMS to allocate the necessary funds,” he said.
The cause of the fire is still unknown and the Jorabat Police Outpost is conducting an investigation into the incident. There is nothing wrong with this incident.
In the cities of the United Kingdom, such as London, Yorkshire, Essex and the West Midlands, it is reported that many young African girls in their teens are marrying their husbands.
Shillong, Nailar 4: Former CID of Meghalaya, Anjan Chakraborty, has been arrested by Shillong Police together with Kolkata Police from Khyndailad, near the State Bank of India. Evening Branch, for money laundering in Kolkata.
This is the first match of Shillong Lajong in Group-A, which consists of three teams, Shillong Lajong FC, SAIL (Bokaro), United Chirang Duar FC (Kokrajhar), and only The first place team will qualify for the semi final.
Vedantu, through the founders of this 18-year-old educational institution, has been able to bring about a change in the way of teaching that is focused and attentive to the students.
The ceremony started early in the morning with the KniaKhlam followed by the Iatan Bhang Blai and Behkhlam and after that the Tan Bhang and Iaslait Niam between Phang Wah and Phang Nein.
It was here that a timeless company of prophets proclaimed the peace of God to man.
The purpose of the Central Government to construct these water tanks in all places with the participation of the villagers through the MGNREGS scheme is to raise awareness among the people that the time has come for the people to know. how to store water for daily needs and for the future.
He said that RT-PCR tests can be conducted at Pasture Institute, Civil Hospital Nongpoh, Civil Hospital Nongstoin, Civil Hospital Tura, Civil Hospital William Nagar, Civil Hospital Bagmara, Civil Hospital Ampati and CHC Rusebelpara. ,CHC Khliehriat, CHC Mawkyrwat, H Gardon Hospital, Nazareth Hospital and Bethany Hospital, MCH Hospital Jowai.
If their initiative is successful, it will also increase the number of tourists visiting the area, to see the beauty of nature and will also boost income and employment opportunities. jam to many young people in the area.
The STIEH Seng, which is one of the women's groups, has understood the meaning of “ksew kynther-slap.
Why don't we think about the Civil War and the patients who come from all over, especially from the rural areas? The Civil Court has become a place where patients and non-patients are together with ambulances and family vehicles.
The party, which has been very enthusiastic and has not been willing to contest the 2009 MP elections, has made it clear that this time, it will contest in both the constituencies in Shillong and Tura as well.
The procession started from Marian Hill, Awmusiang, Tpep Pale and left for Mission Compound, Awmusiang and ended at Marian Square.
According to the directive for the distribution of Forms 12D, Booth Level Officers (BLOs) should visit those households on the AVSC/AVPD and AVCO lists, according to the information. The Returning Officer (RO) at the polling stations and to issue the 12D forms to those who should have received them. The BLOs shall inform the RO and shall search for those persons within five days and explain whether or not those persons can do so. postal ballot and if they find those people in their homes, the BLOs have to fill up Form 12D from their own homes and send it to the RO within five days.
Jowai, Nailur 16: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Syndai Unit led by President Samla Pynshailang Suliang and several members of the Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has received a complaint from the residents regarding the distribution and counting of funds. There is no electricity in Syndai.
He said that more than 100 pickup trucks have been allocated to transport the crops of the farmers.
Jowai, Naitung 27: The Independence Day Cub Under-17 Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Friday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The ECRP-I is for the year 2020-21 and the ECRP-II is for the year 2021-2
He said that if the Dorbar Shnongs allow vehicles to pass through the PWD roads, it will help to avoid traffic jam on the highways.
The Chief Executive Members presented important documents including a recently discovered and published letter dated 13th October 1947, from former Prime Minister Shri Jawaharlal Nehru to former Prime Minister Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel. who directed Sardar Patel to accept and respect the agreements signed between the Khasi States and the Governor of Assam. It was approved by the Governor General of India on 17th August
He said that the people should know if anyone is shaking or shaking the seat and the people should warn against such people in the upcoming elections.
While Tura Medical College has started to develop, Shillong Medical College has not yet seen any improvement.
US Secretary of State Antony Blinken will visit India next month to attend the G20 summit of leaders of various countries and to meet with India. Indian officials as part of expressing the strong relationship between the United States and India.
Meanwhile, it was informed that the state has purchased electricity from the National Thermal Power Corporation since the beginning of this month.
The NEC through NERCORM has spent billions of rupees for godowns and cold storage and these have not benefited the farmers at all but are like throwing away the share of the farmers.
Your presence here shows that you value this relationship with my sister and you don't want to leave us but to express your good intentions face to face, especially as a religious person. “My brother has said that, he would be happy if you as a family express whether you like it or not if this relationship continues,” said the brother of the young pastor.
Shillong: The Congress Legislative Party (CLP) today decided to suspend all its branches operating from Delhi.
All three of the last three matches for the Panthers have been reduced due to natural disasters, but on this day they were able to play fully where Lyngdoh and Das scored. to play well.
The meeting was conducted by Bah DL Siangshai, Member of Shillong Press Club. Club.
These players will be able to join cricketers from four other states in the North East Zone, including Sikkim, Manipur, Mizoram, Nagaland and Arunachal Pradesh at the camp.
For these competitions, the Committee has set prize money for Secondary and Higher Secondary School students:- (1) '10,000.00 with books and Special Certificate for the 1st Prize, (2) '8,000.00 with books and a Special Certificate for the 2nd Prize.
This is the second victory of the PFR. In the last match, they beat Mawkriah West 16-0
The President of KJCLF, Most Revd Dr Purely Lyngdoh, said that the position of the state government is not to abolish the Khala Act and this will make the state like an empty camp and especially when the state is full of You are not corrupt.
They come forward to vote, to ensure that the party they trust and give hope to will win.
DPK Multi-Ventures Secretary James Paul Ïawphniaw said that the festival will be held for two days on the 12th and 13th of this month. The purpose of the festival is to showcase the cleanliness and beauty of the Umngi River which is associated with the beach in Goa.
“Almost all the Congress leaders including President Vincent H Pala have left for Mawlai today to welcome once again Bah Marbud Dkhar and his party followers.
He urged the police to ensure the safety of women by ensuring that women can work without any fear 'at any time or in any place' that it is very important that people have a positive impression of the police.
He said Nadda will attend a public meeting on the 17th of this month and on the same day he will return to Delhi.
He said that his visit was to find temporary solutions to make it easier for small vehicles to travel as the construction of the bridge will take about 30 days.
crore.
Nongpoh: Three Khasi youths from Umlaper village, Block-2, have been shot dead by the police last night. Assam and two of the three persons were seriously injured and were taken to Bhoirymbong CHC. The incident happened at 7 pm. Khasi youths, who were returning from Mawlasnai area, but when they arrived at the scene, police from Ulukunchi and those temporarily staying at the IB of Assam at Umlaper village, who were arrested by the Assam Police. , who were beaten in this way and it was there that a fight broke out, which reached the point where they were shot and seriously injured.
In this regard, the North Eastern Hill University Students' Union (NEHUSU) has sent a letter to the Minister in charge of The Ministry of Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal, has urged the state to take action to temporarily suspend the power outage while the students are in the middle of their examinations.
“Because it is not a disease that we can cure but if we take medicine, the body of those who get this disease can control the spread of this disease,” she said.
The Kur Soo Kpoh Khadar Wyrnai, Jowai on Saturday released the lucky draw tickets at a short meeting held at the Kur Soo Kpoh Khadar Wyrnai, Jowai.
Vehicles were jammed on the village roads due to lack of parking spaces.
“There are still many farmers from Mylliem and other areas who want the market to reopen,” said Bah Kurkalang.
Shillong, Lber, 08: The Khasi National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Thursday said that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya has no authority to issue Sanad Rangbah Shnong to anyone.
When asked why the KHADC has withdrawn the recognition of the Seng Kur, Bah Livingstone said, “It is because of the influence of these two people”.
On the first day of the match, Wahsohlait beat Mawsadang 3-2 goals and Dewsaw beat Sohpian 5-4 goals in the tie breaker.
Rising Star, who tied first and scored 173 runs, Nios Sports, who won the toss, did not manage to bowl.
She also hoped that through the success of the students in various fields, they will not be able to achieve a healthy body and not only that, it will also enable them to be smart and especially that with their victory they will be able to participate at the State Level as well as in India.
Shillong, July 6: After the MTC bus was set on fire by GNLA suspects at Nengsawakse near Bajengdoba in North Garo Hills district on Tuesday, MTC Managing Director SN Marak has asked the government to protect the bus. All MTC buses from Shillong to Garo Hills and from Garo Hills to Shillong have been secured.
Shillong: The Lawsohtun Youth Week 2020 Cum Charity Program has been concluded on Saturday.
The Niamtre believers of Seinraij Jowai are ready to celebrate the four-day Behdieñkhlam festival as usual without any restriction on the participation of the public.
I don't know if you're a religious person.
Because at present, the mining plan is still pending.
This estimate of the vote share of political parties is based on the results released by the State Election Department which may be lower or higher.
The victim was rushed to a nearby hospital.
“Jagan Reddy is a Christian prime minister and I don't mind.
It is expected that after next month's journey, he will not return to Earth until 15 June
A man has died after his scooty collided with a truck before reaching Ladrymbai village in East Jaintia Hills District.
As the residents of Block-1 and the Forum, they stand firm on the ground that they are indigenous workers and this Notification is fraudulent and forced by the Assam Government and they do not accept it.
The KHNAM MDC from Jaiaw said that the Congress MLAs may have betrayed the Jaitbynriew by stealing the money of Dr. Mukul Sangma to spend during their elections. murder election.
The award ceremony was held in the name of Myllung Soso Tham, as a quotation from his philosophy for the building of society.
He said that the Garo language and literature is rich because it has been blessed with a group of dedicated writers.
After filing the complaint, we came here," he added.
Out of the 94 trucks seized, 56 trucks were from Assam, 25 from Nagaland and 10 from Nagaland. Meghalaya, one from Tripura, one from Mizoram and one from West Bengal.
“The party wants to take advantage of the situation because there has been a demand for our own state in different parts of the country,” said Bah Enbin.
The match came to an end with no one able to separate the score until the end of the first half.
Speaking to media, Bah June Kharbuli President of MAWA expressed his delight to see that the state will get such a golden opportunity to be elected to lead the country.
The KADO leader said that since the Brahmaputra Board started surveying the area during the tenure of (L) Bah EK Mawlong as the Chief Minister and Bah Martle N Mukhim, who is still the Minister of Electricity, has sent a letter to the government saying that the people of the area do not allow Assam to implement the project.
However, before this, the elders who died said that no one asked them whether they were from their father or mother.
In this regard, the Union requests all those in the country to send their two leaders and urges them to arrive as soon as possible, and those who do not have information should take this as an information, said the general. Secretary to SKRS Bah RL Blah.
Israeli troops also showed a tunnel leading to the militants' hideout and the place where they used to hide their weapons.
Shortly after, the members of this group were invited for a meeting by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong.
However, it is not clear how many people were inside the vehicle or whether anyone was injured.
Shillong: U Bah Dr Balajied S Syiem, Spokesperson of Hima Khyrim, today met with Paiem Habapan Syiem, Syiem Khynnah, Sordar Raid Wahkhen, Bah John F Kharshiing, Spokesperson, Hima Khyrim. After the meeting, they went with the Chief Minister to meet with the Chief Minister to submit a petition for permission to hold and complete the project. The Shad Pom Blang which is also called the Shad Nongkrem (especially to complete the religious customs of the Hima Khyrim where the Hima through a letter has informed that due to the Covid19 pandemic if allowed only a few people shall take part in the rituals of the Shad Pomblang).
“It will include an unprecedented and unprecedented story in the history of the Islamic state, this detail is a precursor to the attack and has urged al-Qaeda to "The leaders of the Islamic State should be recognized as the rulers of 1 billion Muslims under their religious caliphate," the source said.
Drinking water :– It is essential to maintain the hydration of the body whether inside or outside the body.
Replying to a question by Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang, she said that these de-addiction centers will be run by the Government. Private groups such as SANKER will be supported through the Drug Reduction Elimination and Action Mission (DREAM) under the Ministry of Social Welfare which aims to set up de-addiction centers across the country. The State has also taken the initiative to set up a De-addiction center for women as there is not a single one yet.
"Yes, I'm sorry," replied Sokon.
Assamese will from now on be a subject to be taught up to Class X in all English schools in Assam, said Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Education.
Bimal Kalita, who was in the vehicle from Khanapara, Ri Bhoi, was on his way to Shillong, but when he reached the middle of the road, he was hit by a car. huri hura and misunderstanding and which has reached the point of shaking hands and intending to take life.
He said the results of the CPR test will be released tomorrow.
In addition, the storm and the earthquake increased.
In 1920, the Spanish Flu broke out in Spain.
Another person who surrendered his sword, Dambo, said that the group used to sell weapons to other rebel groups in Garo Hills.
Yoodahunki said the NH206 starts from Nongtalang village to Dawki, is 16 km long and has cost more than T.43 crore.
However, all those who have received information should not go to sell jhur on that day to protest against the kilo cut.
After the opening ceremony, Professor HK Mishra also held a discussion with all the participants of the exhibition and explained about the various schemes of KVIC which have been implemented and which have been explained in detail by the State. Director, KVIC, Shillong.
Jesus was born in Israel in Bethlehem of Judea, “He was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not” (John 1:10).
The Congress party from the state has sent Bah Pynthymmaibor Chyne, Secretary of the District Congress Committee, to be the chairman or Block Election Observer.
Therefore, man needs a repentance of the heart, not of the body and of the mouth, for God judges the heart, “For out of the heart proceed evil thoughts” (Matthew 15:19).
“It is necessary to stop these crimes, it is hoped that in the next session we will pass a Bill to curb the expenditure of universities in the country,” he said.
What surprised the journalists was that the place where the illegal cleaning was carried out was between the village and a busy place. The place where the illegal robbery took place is not far from the Khanapara Police Outpost.
Speaking further, Pale said that he had been in the TMC party for a while, but he left the TMC after meeting with his supporters.
“The NPP is a good party but in Amlarem constituency it is the Nong Kynnoh People's Party,” he said.
It is learned that when there is a wedding ceremony in the village, when the time comes to dance, the two couples who are married should start dancing first, otherwise all the young men and women of the village will flee. I'm going to write.
It is worth mentioning that the allocation of funds for the Mawphlang-Ranikor road has been suspended by the central government as the construction of this road does not fall under the National Highway.
Thomas added, “Because of all those things that happened...because of the urgency, I don't want to put such a risk anymore.
What happens in many cases is that the one who is stronger (say the husband) takes the authority and makes the rules and so on while the other (say the wife) It has become that we have to obey or submit without many words. Maybe it is for this reason that there are many differences especially in these days.
In South West Garo Hills, one person is from the Armed Forces and in North Garo Hills, there is one person from outside.
These classrooms have been allocated from the SRWP scheme of 2 lakh 50 thousand tyngka and not only that the school authorities have congratulated the MLA who has donated to the school in the past as well as They also invited him to lay the ribbon on the 31st October, 2022 as a sign of the opening of these rooms as the chief guest.
“If the government feels that there is any shortcoming, it should immediately refer it to the Council and not just wait, so that it can correct the shortcoming.
The Chief Minister said that the Deputy Commissioner together with the Meghalaya Pollution Board, had visited the area on 15th July 2021 and had already ordered the immediate closure of these illegal coke factories.
The Best Scout Master Award was awarded to Francis Thyrniang, Assistant Teacher of St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Rangblang while the Best Guide Captain was awarded to Shantihun Kharsyntiew, Assistant Teacher of St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Rangblang. Flower Bud Upper Primary School, Mawranglang.
However, there are also Nong tienrapkhmat which do not have a native language or may be in any village language from other areas that have not been found.
On the other hand, the Bangla Social and Cultural Sports Club will put up a letter requesting for recognition.
However, in the current financial year, the budget is Rs 17,500 crore more, however the salary increase is low.
The union also urged the government to provide ration to all those who have ration cards to alleviate the financial burden of all.
We expect the authorities to do their part, even if we wonder why the police during the tenure of Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma, did not search for those two officials of the Minister, who According to the Director J.A.Sangma,
Only she gave me the shrut bishni, so she didn't.
Shillong: The BSF today seized clothes worth T.17 lakh from their patrol post at Hartoli Borghat in Muktapur, West Jaintia Hills.
They lost in 2019 and 2021 and beat Freiburg last year to become the first champions.
On the other hand, the school authorities strongly condemn this attack on the school and said that if there is any reason, they should come and talk and not to attack the school.
If taken away earlier than the right time then it may just be water from which they used to make sugar.
The stolen ships were parked near the residence of the BSF pilots, and the place where the stolen ships were parked was also at the bottom of the BSF well. The residents of Dawki have alleged that all these incidents have happened due to the negligence of the BSF troops in the area.
For whatever reason, the prominent leaders who wanted the Sixth Scheduled did not feel the need, at first, to become members of the District Council.
It is learned that in this incident, a gatekeeper who is also one of the leaders of KSU Ri-Bhoi and one of the prominent guards of the state, assaulted an auto driver named u Durga Thapa was seriously injured and was taken to Civil Hospital Nongpoh.
London, July 27: British troops have continued to invade Syria, which is expected to take place within a day or two.
At this meeting, the Commission also honored the offices of the Ministry of Home Affairs, the Central Armed Police Force and the Railway Department for their contribution in the smooth conduct of the Legislative Assembly elections. straightforward, transparent and clutter-free in 2022.
Phone No.
Regarding this visit by the FKJGP, the management of the school, expressed their great happiness, because they will be able to use this musical instrument, and which has made them very happy. It is after their request from the party that they have received assistance.
After the meeting, Pynskhem Kharjarin, General Secretary Education Cell of HYC South West Khasi Hills District, said that he is deeply concerned about the spread of drugs. They have met with Bah T.Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council. Hills District to express their concerns.
On the other hand, Ardent said, “Although the opposition doesn't have the numbers to contest, it has won because the NC has invited all the ruling members to come to the meeting. to the house of the council and to sit down for a day.
The march of the residents together with the village headmen together with the Waheh Shnong, started from the road leading to the factory and passed through the dirt road until they reached the factory which is currently under construction. The factory has received permission or NOC from the Dorbar Shnong Umrasong in 2022. The factory is owned by Bah Edamon Siangshai of Nongsning. .
In fact, Congress and TMC MLAs from Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Dr Mukul Sangma and Charles Pyngrope have supported the resolution and requested that the Legislative Assembly approve it. Because of the explanation of the Prime Minister and the promise that the State will continue to oppose the UCC once the Bill is received, the Congress MLA has rejected the decision.
The Scriptures are infallible and those who live and act according to the Holy Scriptures will be good and prosperous from here on earth to the throne of God.
The carrying of the fruit leaves was attended by the faithful in the morning before the Holy Mass.
“Farm land, agricultural products and houses used by farmers to live according to data collected by up to 17 land owners”.
The KSU as a sign of protest against the attack by the Assam Police and the Assam Forest Department on Tuesday held a flag raising ceremony to condemn the shooting of the residents of Mukroh and demanded the immediate arrest of those who involved.
In Meghalaya, the issue is not only unemployment, but also the discrimination against workers.
According to the ASAK members, Sohan has earned T.30 to T.40 crore and the GNLA now wants a ceasefire with the government so that he can contest the Garo Hills elections. Autonomous District Council.
The Word of God says that the night is near, the day is near.
The results of the science stream at St. Anthony's continued to make history.
It is to be recalled that the Assam Police Station has been under construction since June this year and the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills on 21st June has suspended the construction of the Assam Police Station at Saba. village near Mukroh on the Meghalaya-Assam border.
Dr S Khonglah, Doctor of Dawki PHC, said that 22 people from the house where there was a death were tested yesterday and 13 people were tested positive. They are from two households and live near the house where the deceased has died.
In a statement, Secretary Anthony Marweiñ said that Sanbor is a brave man who has won five times as an MDC and twice as an MLA and has done many things in the constituency.
Robert is married to John F. Kharshiing, Francis Kharshiing and Agnes Kharshiing.
It is learned that the collapse of the hill has blocked the highway and swept away the households near the road into the night until four people have gone missing but have not been found yet.
Perhaps if they know how to enrich themselves, then perhaps they will do the same for the country.
"I asked my mother, 'Is this your husband...?" Panah's mother asked another question because she felt that question in her heart and because she really loved Rida. “Yes, I am her husband...” Marsien kam u Panah ka la There was a fierce battle between the mother and the father.
Because as the days go by, the number of customers has started to increase and only the banks that do not exist, can no longer provide a more adequate service until now,” said the chief guest.
Samlin Malngiang MDC HSPDP from Sohiong: It was shown that Sohiong has received T.1.84 crore, but in fact I have received T.1.96 lakh, there is still T.1.04 crore left and I should have received it.
And I answered, “According to my knowledge, at Seinduli he is very good, but here with you I don't know.
The main problem is the provisions of the Coal Mines Nationalization Act, 1973 because from the date of implementation of this Act, all the coal mines in the country have been handed over to the Central Government,” he said.
The Government of India has started to reduce the price of sohsaw and this has helped for a while, but now the price has started to rise again, as the production of sohsaw has decreased significantly.
“If Ardent is no longer there, the ARPA will continue, I will leave so that the ARPA will continue,” he said. the problems you face.
The President of the party, Irene Lyngdoh, said that she will give her physical and spiritual support to Bah Pios Kurbah as the party's candidate from Mawthadraishan. Raswai Youth President, MBCC General Secretary, JTS Thongni, Chairman of DCC and others who delivered speeches.
The SDO has summoned the foreigner on 28th July 2019, for the misuse of the Kur Dkhar clan which is against the law and can be punished according to the rules of law.
The program was inaugurated by the Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, Bah John F. Kharshiing as the chief guest. and Youth Affairs (DSYA) as the chief guest.
It's not easy and relaxing to read such wonderful news.
The required information related to this session is; The welcome ceremony for the Members and Delegates on the 13th will be held at the Sutnga Presbyterian Higher Secondary School opposite the Football Ground of Sutnga Village. Three on this same ground.
Once the government has relocated the Kharmetor from this area, it plans to use this area for many other purposes, including the construction of parking lots and even the construction of supermarkets ( shopping Complex) and others.
At the same time, the CEM said that regarding the amendment of the Sixth Scheduled, many meetings have already been held with the government and it is on this basis that the government through the District Council Affairs Department has created the The Committee has been appointed since 4th November to review and recommend to the Central Government on the amendment of the 123rd Amendment Bill 2015 relating to the 6th Schedule of the Constitution.
This is the news, quoted in The Sun, published in London.
The Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram has also informed Modi that the Mawjymbuin Crematorium is still in use as a place of worship of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram and urged him to take action against this as well.
Within a month, the channel's management announced the resignation of Bajpai along with Milind Khandekar (editor in chief) and Nikhil Kumar (executive producer).
There are those who have problems or problems that have not been resolved by the MC and the Government.
The Minister said that on this decision, the ASHAs have agreed to accept and will soon return to their duties.
In the first match of the U-17 category, RB Anup Chand played against Arya Kanya Vidyalaya School.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate, Ri Bhoi District, has imposed a night curfew from 10 pm to 5 pm on the 16th November
Jowai, Nailar 27: Sikai FC beat Mawryngkneng Mission FC 4-2 in the tie breaker of the Jowai Football Tournament on Saturday. The 7th Invitation Football Tournament 2023 is being organized by Wahiajer Sports Club.
They said that the two men refused to reveal where the drugs were hidden, which forced the police to arrest them for further investigation.
These seven jaiñspongs who spoke jali ja-um three years ago have thanked us the people of Jaintia Hills.
By following these do's and don'ts we can prevent the infection and spread of this disease.
At this festival, skilled weavers from all over the North East of India will come to participate in the festival to showcase the traditional weaving of the region. prospective buyers from outside.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The President of the CSWO, Kong Agnes Kharshiing, has lodged a complaint against three employees of the Governor's Office for allegedly promoting them even though they were only temporary employees.
The social agreement has been registered with the government for ratification and has also been registered with the office of the District Registrar of East Khasi Hills Shillong, said the letter.
Bah Thomas alleged that the KHADC has been stingy with the illegal employment of foreigners, and said that the illegal employment of foreigners has deprived the people of their rights. young people in this state.
The saying – “There will come times of trouble.
He said that as school children, they should understand their responsibilities while they are in the middle of their studies by spending more time in their studies, not in these things because it has started to affect them. He urged and encouraged them that “as students, they should be obedient to their parents” so that their future will be bright. long and bright.
“It's because I went to Sohra to stay there,” said the father with a smile.
“Such issues cannot be discussed within a day or two,” he said in reply to the KSU's demand that it should not be brought before the Harijan Panchayat Committee.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
To teach and advise others if they see shortcomings.
“We don't get electricity for many hours a day due to the load shedding of the government, therefore, the government has failed to look after the electricity issue in the state,” he added.
If it were not in a clean area, the house would not have been destroyed by the fire, because it was not in a place near the Fire and Emergency Services or in a place where there were no fire extinguishers, but because One person has lost his life and property worth tens of lakhs or crores of rupees has been destroyed.
We feel that it is an injustice to the welfare of children under 14 years old,” said 13-year-old Larihun Syiem (name changed) who was employed as a housekeeper in a family in Mawlai. .
This time, 14 children have been selected under the sport quota and these 14 children do not have to pay school fees to attend David and Lois Rees Memorial School.
Lyngdoh said that the Clan Bill needs to be implemented because in order for this bill to help strengthen the Seng Kur and to recognize them by law, he said that the Clan Bill needs to be implemented. He said that the Clan Bill provides for a tribunal to judge who is right and who is wrong from the clan.
To the volunteers of Meghalaya covid 19 and KSU Delhi Unit I have received your donation and I am grateful for your willingness to help me, at this time of suffering I cannot repay you but only the prayer that God will bless you so that you will be able to do many good things for our brothers and sisters. Thank you very much.
Jowai, Naitung 10: The 3rd Division Football Tournament 2023, organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) was held today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai. .
In this regard, we would like to inform the government that since the beginning of the curfew we have been working day and night according to the directives of the district authorities, but from now on we will not believe that the government will deploy troops. to fight for the disease (Covid-19) without providing us with full protective equipment.
She also informed that there are many courses offered by the Institute of Hotel Management, Shillong where the residents of Meghalaya can attend without taking the Entrance Exam.
Three houses and one shop were damaged in the incident.
Lahkmen said they also discussed the provision of 108 Ambulances and other ambulances which can still support the transportation of patients.
Conrad holds degrees from the Wharton School of Business and Imperial College, London.
“If there is a shortage of electricity production, we have to buy from the market where the price reaches 11 to 12 tyngka per unit.
In Spain, Marca's newspaper reported, 'Blatter has resigned, the FBI is still talking to him......he has been arrested.
When the match ended in a draw, the referees took the match to the tie breaker and it was in the tie breaker that Pahamrioh FC beat Oste Phi Oiñ FC. and to ensure that they will reach the final of the tournament.
It is learned that the government has directed the Block Development Officers (BDOs) of the blocks to inspect the affected areas and send them back to the Deputy Commissioners.
Later, he committed suicide because his conscience bothered him.
If you sell 4000 tyngka each, if 12 pieces reach 48000 tyngka from one woman, if three pieces of money is too much, this is a blessing to you.
In addition, it is very clean.
“We came to Meghalaya because we are determined to form a new government that will free the state from corruption and free from allies and alliances with those corrupt organisations,” he said.
Pool-G: Tpep-Pale, Panaliar, Saiñdur Mihmyntdu and Chutwakhu.
In addition, NEEPCO has also supplied 12 percent of the electricity to the state government.
All political parties are requested to write to the Commission before 11th July
Climate change is one of the factors that we will understand that affects the production of crops due to the increase in temperatures in which crops are affected by growth.
The BDO urged the residents to have a spirit of cooperation to succeed in implementing any government scheme in the village.
Bapynjanai Thabah won the first prize, Samla Eusivia Susngi won the second prize and Samla Laplielad Laloo won the third prize. .
The HYC urges the MLA of Sohiong constituency, Bah Synshar Thabah to take immediate action against this issue so that it will not cause any problems to the tourists.
He said that human rights are essential for mankind to live on this earth by emphasizing on the equality, freedom and rights of mankind as enshrined in the Constitution of India. , by encouraging the students to be brave and hardworking in their lives to know the honor of their parents, superiors and especially to develop their minds and brains. which encourages you to read the books every day.
He also recalled the famous poet who was not from the Khasi community but who wrote a poem that encouraged the community entitled 'Ïeng Ko Khun Khasi Synshar Hi Maphi Ïa La Ka Ri'
Police are still monitoring the traffic jam in Umsohsun, Jaiaw and Mawkhar which they are trying to resolve, but in these days it has been found that the traffic jam has not increased. longer than before.
The carbohydrates in rice can strengthen the body and convert it into energy.
Members of the group shouted that Bah Cherish should get his rights.
Accidents in this area are increasing every month due to the congestion of the road and the speeding of vehicles, especially trucks and buses, which endanger others. vehicles, shops and people who use to pass through this area.
He said that the employees of the District Council have lost their salaries for two years and this has been a great shame, which has lost the meaning of the existence of the office itself.
Mr. Rowel promised to assist the school as much as he can in its needs.
In Gymnastics, Jammu came first, Kashmir came second and in TAEKWANDO, South Bengal and Tripura came first and second.
The union also complained that all this may be due to the stinginess of the staff or the lack of staff in the office which cannot provide good services to the area.
On the health and economy of women which is the top priority of the Government, the Prime Minister said that the infant mortality rate has decreased from 33 ha in 2018 to 29 in
The award ceremony was held in the name of Myllung Soso Tham, as a quotation from his philosophy for the building of society.
The Myntdu River is the source of water for the village of Jowai and is worshiped by the farmers as the Syiem of Myntdu and the pollution of this river will cause serious problems to the residents.
And the villages which are farther off shall not be spoken of.
We will not rest but to continue to make Meghalaya safe in terms of access to drinking water in the future.
The forms can be obtained from the office of the party at the residence of Bah Sanbor Shullai, New Kench's Trace from 8 pm to 12 noon from 8th July
In many areas, while walking along the road to the fish ponds, it was found that the rawon who are the best at fishing are the contractors, because they are too busy to go up and down Shillong.
In these days, it has been seen that the HSPDP is one of the political parties that has prepared well for the 2018 elections. witness.
“This company has come to damage more and more besides what has already been damaged, before it was supposed to pass 2 vehicles, now it is no longer suitable,” said the KSU leader. They also met with the PWD authorities to talk to them and inform them that the company has fled and does not have any more equipment. The work is done during the rainy season because if it is not started now, it will be difficult for them to work during the rainy season.
The influx of mender shane due to the abundance of employment opportunities will be much less if the youth of the Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep take over and manage their own employment opportunities and trade in the state after the implementation of the this is the Aiñ.
¢Do not burn fire on areas where underground electric cables run.
Aizawl FC scored the first goal of the match from the penalty spot in the 70th minute.
These Dorbar Shnongs have come forward to think of ways to improve the safety and security of the roads and sidewalks for the traffic and residents.
The recommendations of the Mandal Commission are perhaps the best explanation for now.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawphlang Unit has lodged a complaint with the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma regarding the delay in the construction of the Science and Commerce College in Mawphlang. .
He said that while waiting for the report of the Audit Committee on Source of Coal appointed by the State Government, since 19th June until now, to close down up to four factories with valid CTEs and CTOs including M/s Shemphang Riangshiang, Pyndeng Jalong, Doranggri, Shallang, M/s Rilyngngam Coke Industries, Kyllon Mathei, Shallang, M/s MD Coke Industries and M/s Carbochem India located at Nongdakong Village, Shallang.
When asked, the Minister said, “The intention (implementation of CUET) of the Government of India is good but there is a little feeling on my part because the examinations will be conducted from the books of the National Council of The NCERT means that the courts issued by the State whether it is Meghalaya, Assam or Karnataka will no longer work.
We do not mean that we should not support fellow believers or fellow believers, if in our judgment we find that the candidate is worthy of our support.
Furthermore, in previous cases of violence against women, the written description of the victim had to be written manually and this allowed the accused to have the authority to with lies.
The union said that every day, there are 130 coal trucks transporting coal to the coal factories in East Jaintia Hills and 200 trucks transporting coal to the coal factories in East Jaintia Hills. He said that at Shangbangla, Ri Bhoi District, there are 150 trucks passing through the government check post at Ratacherra in East Jaintia Hills. that there is a relationship between the employees of the gate and the illegal smugglers.
Batskhem said the BJP has not yet won a majority in the Rajya Sabha and therefore they need to form governments in many states so that they can run the Upper House of Parliament.
Despite questions and doubts about the implementation of the PA Sangma Sports Complex in Tura, the State Government through the Sports and Youth Affairs Department has continued to protect the PA Sangma Sports Complex in Tura. which causes and blames the stagnation of water in the drains.
Mr. Carnes Sohshang has been appointed to the Ministry of Development and Education.
It was on the 31st of June that the battle for the eviction of Them Metor and the Harijans from Mawlong Market broke out.
However, on the other hand, the village headmen and civil society organizations from South West Khasi Hills district in a public meeting on Friday demanded that the Garo rebel groups involved in the kidnapping of Bah Dinner should be released immediately. within 48 hours, ethnic discrimination has emerged.
He said that the headgear they wear is due to the cold weather and there have never been jackets like this.
At this meeting, it was also decided that this should be fought without delay until the Government sets up this Hospital in Amlarem, as it is very fair to follow it under the Sub-Divisional, Head. Chairman of Amlarem Development Association, Amlarem Sub-Division, Amlarem.
The union said that this action of the District authorities of East Jaintia and the Government is a way to spread the disease.
Nongpoh: In a fire incident in Umling on Saturday evening, all the belongings in a house were destroyed by the flames.
Furthermore, in order to encourage companies to continue to receive exemptions or incentives, the Minimum Alternate Tax has been reduced from the current 18.5% to 15%.
The most important issue at this time is that despite the many struggles or challenges we face, we must continue to give our full support and cooperation to the authorities in the State and the country as a whole so that The goal of this disease will be achieved by following the guidelines laid down by the Government in many areas to avoid any problems in the future.
From this time on, Kiang Nangbah became the leader of the whole Khad-Ar Dolloi.
Minister Duh urged ISRO to conduct national hackathons on Space Technology in Governance in collaboration with various departments of the Central and State Governments.
According to the rules, after the government has sent it, the Governor will give his approval.
Therefore, anyone who speaks against the “rights” of the country and the nation is the worst enemy, the longrynieng ryniot, the traitor of the country. the great men of the world think that they are the children of the devil.
Basantina Kharkrang, 49, of Laitmynsaw, Upper Shillong, died at Dr H Gordon Robert Hospital, Shillong while Saraswati Devi Raj, 49, of Nongthymai, died at Nazareth Hospital, Shillong.
The goal of the students and teachers is not to trade in these newly produced tools but to bring them to the poor of the people of the country.
He said that this free treatment today is for the residents of two villages – Thangskai and Wahiajer Narpuh.
Adelbert said the UDP's statement on the Common Minimum Program is as if they have just understood it after the formation of the government.
Jowai, Nailur 17: A truck (AS 01 DC 7833) collided with an Alto 800 ML04 B 9438 coming from Kdiap village to Jowai. Three persons were inside the vehicle, one of them was identified as Elias Shylla from Iongnoh village and the driver was Rimiki War and another woman. name were seriously injured.
“The request here is that the Government should explain to us that from Andhra Pradesh everything has been provided from the time they take the fish, the time of sowing, until they send it here and everything has been done through the technology. science and they have looked into it,” said Bah Wankhar.
Neil also received the Padma Shri in
He said that the South has more than 130 MPs, but this time the Congress will win more seats.
Although the government has assured the state of the shortage of petrol for three to four days, the people are already afraid of the problems they will face from the protest and there will be a shortage of petrol in the state in the coming days. come.
These nine issues include the Syiem's ​​failure to convene the Hima Dorbar for three years, the forced appointment of the Secretary of the Hima without the knowledge of the Hima after the Secretary has resigned. the appointment of more Ministers without following the rules, the sale of the Syiem's ​​land in Pamdaba (Ranikor), the ease of fixing the boundaries of the village administration and the registration of the village boundary without approval and the closure of the Hima office without notice.
There are no states in India where the reservation is divided according to the number of ethnic groups, whether 3 or 33 ethnic groups are recognized.
All the angels fell before Jesus and Lucifer as well.
:The Khasi song "Hapoh taxi" is written and composed by Soniwan Langstang.
During the investigation, Amar A Sangma, or Amar Thapa, said that William A Sangma had sent two men to Dimapur to buy ammunition. Sangma sent young men from Dimapur to buy weapons. They are Mankanson W Sangma, 14, and another member, Elwart M Sangma, who is the head of the group. you're right.
If you want peace and stability in the state please release the leaders immediately without any conditions and stop the construction of the railway line, or face protest we are ready to protest in any area ", said the President of KSUJHD.
On the other hand, the Federation of Khasi States, including the Dorbar of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep, has sent its condolences to Kong Jacinta War and the sons of Bah Patrick Nongrum.
Shillong: Syndai Tinlang has reached the quarter final of the 20th Riwar Cup Invitational Football Tournament at Bakur Stadium by beating Laitsohphie, Pynursla 1-0 .
Do we want the poor among us to suffer more and more from poverty due to the lack of a government that cares about the poor or do we want to change for the better?
These ancestors of ours spoke and showed through the signs of the blood of Mother Earth which is truly amazing to us.
However, Meghalaya did not play well on the opening day, with Dhanush Gowda R of Karnataka bowling well to take the wickets of Meghalaya.
The villages that will benefit from this PHC are Nongkohlew, Umphrew, Umrynjah, Nongkya, Mawkhar Madan, Umden, Lum Shyiap, Wahmyntait, Umjalynshir and Umlyngkut.
At the Communist Party General Assembly, seven other government officials who have served in the Xi-led government have held key and higher positions. tip of the Politburo Standing Committee.
The statement said that once the HNLC resumes its armed activities, there will be no hope for peace in the state.
This is the information provided by the Director of Higher & Technical Education, Meghalaya.
It is learned that the two also plan to gather like-minded people to stand together in one group for his purpose in
During a meeting at the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) headquarters in Mizoram on Tuesday, Vanlalhmuaka, President of the BJP in Mizoram, brought up the issue. In connection with the elections, he promised to provide T.5 lakh to all the residents.
The following article is a translation into Khasi of an article entitled, “Don't Link Aadhaar & Voter ID, by Usha Ramanathan.
SHILLONG: The State Government has appointed Claudia Lyngwa IPS as the Superintendent of Police (SP), East Khasi Hills District and has also replaced the SPs of four other districts in the state.
This program through the Health department will bring benefits and we should be the messengers to others that this is a full service program for the sake of health, not to be afraid or superstitious because many of us are “We are quick to listen to bad news without seeking the truth and we refuse to listen to the good news,” he added.
The smuggled goods were seized from Dampukaphal village under Rongra Police Station.
Political rallies, civil society meetings and services and writings will not be allowed to be held on these days.
Until now, no signs have been received that the Shillong Western Bye-Pass will start from Lad Umiam Khwan, which is just after the end of the Umiam Reservoir.
The house of Nosibon Khongsit, Mawryngkang, has been damaged by the strong wind and cold on Sunday night. Then, there was a severe cold, until the house was destroyed and the tins of the house were burnt down.
Rijiju is an MP from Arunachal Pradesh.
God did not commit the work of preparing a place to angels, but to himself.
The people of Mizoram have embraced the NPP and we see their joining is very encouraging.
When asked why the price of dewbilat produced in the state is higher abroad than in Assam, Dr. Anil Kapur could not answer clearly. he said he has yet to monitor this but said that as with companies the price will depend on the price competition with other companies.
Therefore, you should not lose hope because we have a lot of votes even though we won only five seats (in Ri Lum Khasi and Jaintia),” said Dhar.
Regarding this incident, KHNAM has urged the Municipal Department to strengthen its powers to curb the spread of garbage.
Meanwhile, AICC Meghalaya coordinator Takam Sanjoy said the introduction of 500 and 1000 notes was an unacceptable decision.
Replying to the ANVC-B's statement, Robert Kharjahrin, General Secretary of the KSU South West Khasi Hills, said that such statements show that there is something hidden. “I am afraid that the ANVC-B may have its own secrets,” said Robert. When asked about those secrets, he said that it may be a protest to get it. in Greater Garo Land.
Police sources said that the raid was conducted along the National Highway in Ri-Bhoi but these illegal oil depots and vehicles were found in Byrnihat, 20 mer and so on.
After this, the woman received a call from another person who confirmed that he was the head of the Custom Department, and told her that she had to pay T.2.5 lakh. regarding the work of the Custom department for the release of these donations from the airport,” said Avasthy.
Addressing the Ukrainian public, he said that officials of the country are in the city and have not fled at all and that Russian troops intend to capture the city immediately. of Ukraine.
Before God judges, he calls man to repentance.
The information to these officials in charge of peace and order in the state, is to urge them to inform and cooperate with the Assam Police, so that the Sordar Warmawsaw can be found as soon as possible.
Shillong, Naiwieng 1: Police have arrested Probingshon and charged him under the POCSO Act. Shillong, Naiwieng 1: Reports have spread on social media on Whatapp and Facebook that these days many people have been arrested. Muslims who come to NEIGRHIMS for treatment and sleep. There are those who have complained that the majority of Muslims who come to NEIGRHIMS may be Ronghiya refugees.
The root of wisdom and people who receive it will be a long life for ten days.
However, now the scientists have all the necessities of today, from the way of eating, the way of training, and the equipment they use has changed completely from our time.
He added that now they talk about the backwardness of the road, but they don't remember what Dr Donkupar Roy has done, where there are many roads that he has built and to saying he has not done anything in the last 31 years is wrong.
At the same time, there were also young women leaders of the KSA such as Elizabeth Massar, Perlimai Syiem and Maureen Sylvia Lyngdoh.
“We haven't spoken to Brol yet, but we have called a meeting tomorrow,” said Titos W Chyne.
He said the samples have been sent for testing at the laboratory in Bhopal, and said that about six samples have been tested positive for LSD, while more than 60 samples have not been tested. receive the report.
Shillong, Jymmang 11 : U Bah kynsing Lyngshiang, a youth of Mawkynrew C&RD Block, on Saturday last month, inaugurated a new football ground at Laitmynsang, Mawkynrew C&RD Block. , EKHD.The foundation stone of the football stadium worth 5 lakh tyngka under the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund (CMSDF) scheme for the year 2022-2 The ribbon was handed over to the Laitmynsang Sports and Cultural Club and the Village for use.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, CA Lyngwa, said that the police have conducted raids in many places to arrest Bah Jyllud who used to escape from time to time from the hands of the police.
They have already announced to start preparing six parts, as a start.
“We have seen in Byrnihat that there is an Entry and Exit Point but when you come from 8:30 to 9 pm, you will not see the checkpoint of people entering the State.
Kharjana said the party has also demanded that the government should allocate special funds for classes, schools for the disabled and food.
So on the day of Pentecost, the Spirit came down from heaven like a rushing wind.
The All Stars who came second in the six-man tournament received a cash prize of 15,000 tyngka and a trophy.
Assam has 31,428 confirmed cases and 18 deaths today, bringing the total number of deaths to
Don't sell your nation for your own gain. He who disobeys is a fool, he who obeys is a lover of his nation.
The members of the Foundation listened to the suffering of this young man and he said that he decided to leave the game temporarily because he did not have the equipment.
Rangdajied United Football Club (RUFC) has launched a campaign to develop the talents of the children in the field of football. , announced that from next November, it will launch the Football School Program (FSP).
Most of the time, these SBI Card Agents call Customers from their Branch to offer these SBI Cards and explain many of the advantages of these Cards to many people. they fell in love with them.
The wisdom of India teaches us, Unity is strength, while discrimination is weakness".
The Sports Authority of India (SAI) will celebrate the National Sports Day on the 29th of this month to commemorate the birth anniversary of Major Dhyan Chand.
If you buy expensive or expensive clothes, you pay tax.
By the time she got back into the car and after a short drive, the woman fell asleep leaning against the car door.
Shillong, July 7: The President of the Meghalaya Minerals Exporters' Chamber (MMECC) on Tuesday said that the government's refusal to allow the export of coal to Bangladesh has caused problems to foreign traders and exporters. in this state and not only them but also the contractors have been severely affected.
“We would like to express our gratitude to the Dorbar Shnong Mawkhar for allowing us to once again conduct this Free Eye Check-Up program in collaboration with the National Mission Eye-Care,” said Kong Lymba.
He said he doesn't charge any fee from the patients who come to him for treatment and he accepts whatever the people give him, even if they can't give him he doesn't feel anything because he said that God he gave him a special ability to serve the people by the treatment of their diseases.
If they are serious, the State and Central Governments are serious and I ask them to announce their decision through their leader.
Not only that, another 13-year-old girl was shot dead in Meikhtila, Mandalay today.
He said that after the opening of the hospital in November, 2022, there are still many shortcomings but as the days go by, the hospital has improved. It is difficult to establish adequate health facilities without the cooperation of all parties.
The Minister said that according to the directive of the Human Rights Commission, the State needs to establish its own Directorate of Forensic Science so that it can function independently and independently of the Police Headquarters.
“Because of the poverty and suffering, even though they are foreigners, they have been held together and as the families of those who have lost their loved ones due to the poverty and demands of the country. This case has also been closed, because it has been decided to compensate the souls of the lost souls only with money, paid through compensation.
Nongpoh, Lber 14: As part of the celebration of World Water Day, the PHE Department in collaboration with the District Sports Officer, Ri-Bhoi District will hold a 5 km race on the 21st October
The NCPCR has also directed the Principal Secretary (Home) to prepare training for the police on the POSCO Act and the Juvenile Justice (JJ) Act.
Furthermore, there is an expenditure of T.804.75 crore (Revenue T.24.40 crore, Capital T.780.36 crore) without Supplementary/Re-appropriation on 12 subjects, 5 Grants and one by Non-Grant.
Earlier, on 24th June, Siddaramaiah arrived in Delhi to discuss the formation of the Cabinet and leadership of the party.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Johny Lyngkhoi, from the village, said that the appearance of these puit, was found today and he said that these puit, have eaten all the food. the leaves of the tree, they eat the synsar, and also the trees of the house.
It is expected that the hospital will have an OPD, IPD, antenatal care and other health facilities after the completion of the hospital.
Mizoram has said that the Inner Line Reserved Forest, which was issued in 1875 under the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation (BEFR) of 1873, should be the basis for the set boundaries.
Although Meghalaya has lost all its matches this season, it is still an advantage to have the opportunity to play against the strongest teams in this tournament.
The fair was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, IGP Shillong on 04th June
Do you know why? MBOSE Tura does not want to disturb the examinees and especially the parents during the elections.
The party said that those who do not support this life and death of the jaidbynriew show that they do not have love and understanding for their fellow citizens.
According to Ms Matsiewdor, the state government cannot set a fixed price of piat because it can rise and fall.
After that, she won the second MDC election from the HSPDP and now she has said that she will contest from the Congress party although she has not yet spoken to the media.
Nongstoiñ, Ïaïong 24: As part of the promotion of the production of various types of handicrafts including wooden handicrafts, siej, ksai handicrafts, food handicrafts and The Ministry of Tribal Affairs of the Union Government through the State Government has directed the district authorities to install lights in the living rooms of their homes. West Khasi Hills, to hold a special program known as the two-day Tribal Artisan Mela.
Shillong, Naitung 11: Former Prime Minister and now Leader of the Opposition Dr. Donkupar Roy on Friday warned the government that The Congress has led the state in the state that it cannot take over the land of the people just because it wants to create a new city of Shillong.
Speaking at the meeting, the Principal of JNV Rymbai, Indra Kumar Das, explained to the students about the policy related to education which has been released since He also explained how this policy has brought benefits and changes in the education system in the country. information or training which is free to all and includes all, provides employment opportunities, at the same time sets a target that up to 100 percent of the youth will receive education. The Board Examination, this policy will also promote various areas to the fifth level.
The program was opened with an explanation on the responsibilities and role of the supervisors of the workers in the mines through AK Mishra.
They are former MLA of Nongstoiñ, Macmillan Byrsat as Co-Chairman and Auguster Jyrwa as Vice Chairman.
Shillong, Nailar 14: U Kerlang Snaitang, alias Bahrit Snaitang, has surrendered to the Lumdiengjri Police Station.
Only the winners who have already registered with the Meghalaya School of Martial Arts will have the opportunity to train in the Advance Coaching Camp to take part in the 2nd Northeast Zonal Karate-Do Championship. to be held in Shillong.
The meeting was conducted by Bah B Sohtun, Secretary Legislative Wing of KHADC. people have to live a life of change, a new way of life in many of our activities whether it is in movement, transportation, economy, schooling and Almost all the activities that we used to live and do nine or five months ago, we have had to live differently in many ways in these times because of this Covid-1
“There are people who do good only from above and behind the scenes they are hypocrites, they try to pull us backwards, whether in work or others, these are the problems that young people face. ," she said.
“Such a Governor should not be the Governor of any state because in this state all the people are against the CAB while this Governor alone supports it,” he said. .
The death toll in the country has risen to 53,511 with 936,293 new cases, making the US the country with the highest number of cases.
It was decided that no one will be allowed to enter the Iew Mylliem Rim.
“We attended the meeting convened by the UDP to form a national government, but the MLAs from the HSPDP left first, but yesterday we were informed only for a few minutes. “Before it appeared in the media that the UDP and PDF have joined the NPP and BJP because of insufficient numbers,” he said.
The KSU has found this house while the members of the KSU are continuing their charity work to the victims during the closure of the dam. The KSU WKHD in collaboration with the KSU Sengkmie has decided to build a new building.
The Syiem of Mylliem Hima together with the District Council have ordered that all the daju drivers in the market should wear uniforms, but this has not happened. There are no other reasons for this.
Announcing this in reply to a question, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the Umroi Airport will be named after Bah BB Lyngdoh and the Baljek Airport will be named after the Chief Minister. Williamson and Sangma were the first in the state.
The aim of Langsning FC is to strengthen the team so that it can win the Shillong Premier League title and also to qualify for the Second Division of the I- League next season.
The players were selected on the basis of their performance in the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy T20 tournament, the Vijay Hazare Trophy one day and the first-class Ranji Trophy.
In the Cultural Programme, Mawpyllun Upper Primary School (MUPS) came first, JSSN came second and St. Claret School, Munai (SCSM) came third. .
On the other hand, Marcus Marten said that as the Auto Rickshaw Drivers Association in Nongpoh, they will not hesitate to protest against the BJP government. Petrol and Diesel have killed not only the drivers and owners of vehicles, but will also affect the people not only in Nongpoh, but in the state and the country as a whole.
In the Recurve Mix team, Rani Durgavati Vishwavidyalaya of Amit Kumar and Kratika Bichpuriya won gold, Shivam Kumar and Ridhi of Kurukshetra University won silver and Maharaja Ganga Singh University won silver. Anuj Bhambhu & Pariksha won the prize.
Prestone said the government is doing its utmost to ensure that the Khasi language is recognized by India.
As it is more difficult to get a site for the CAU in the state, two sites have been allocated, one for the construction of the University at Kyrdemkulai on an area of ​​about 200 acres and the Administration. Headquarters at Umiam on MeECL land of 40 acres.
The righteous and true investigation is hidden like a set in the ground, but those who do not know the people, they do it until it is complete.
Although the BJP is ready to cooperate with the AITC in Meghalaya, Ao said the issue will be discussed in due course.
Pyniaid said this after a meeting with the leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) at his office today.
Here David humbles himself and prays before God for forgiveness.
Speaking to reporters on Monday, he also alleged that Angela Rangad, leader of Thma U Rangli-Juki (TUR), has made unfounded allegations and there is no truth that the Thma U Rangli-Juki (TUR) has been abducted or stolen. The fund was intended to support the day laborers during the lockdown last year to fight against COVID-1
Heimonmi Suchiang (Full Contact Men – 54 Kg) 3.
The tournament will be held on the 11th-13th of June.
“At this meeting there were many suggestions from the District Councils, Sengbhalang and others. Today we have had a good discussion and these suggestions will be considered by the government. “It is good before she goes to talk to the leaders of the Assam government,” said Bah Tynsong.
I will give you a city.
Shillong: The teachers of the North Eastern Hills University (NEHUTA) today staged a sudden protest against the order of the Vice Chancellor, SK Srivastava. your demand.
“The government has received the land in Mawtawar and Mawpat and I as the minister have done what is necessary and everything that should be done is up to the prime minister,” he said.
Besides this election campaign, there have also been incidents in recent times which have affected the peace and order in the State.
After the meeting with the SDO, he promised to the party that he will take action on this issue.
West Khasi Hills also won the women's category with 16 medals (7 gold, 2 silver and 7 bronze).
It is worth mentioning that this road has been unpainted for a long time which has caused suffering to the residents of many villages.
The order also states that drivers or handymen may be required to undergo medical screening. In relation to ration shops, fair price shops and wholesalers recognized by the district and village authorities, they may be subject to medical screening. to open their shops on Tuesdays and Saturdays from 9 am to 4 pm while wholesalers will open on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 9 am to 4 pm.
“This incident will also be a message to the Ministry of Home Affairs that if Amit Shah continues to command to solve the problems of the Jaidbynriew as the people of Hynniewtrep want, the HNLC will continue its activities,” he said. Shillong: Unidentified robbers have detonated an IED bomb at the Police Reserve in Khliehriat, Shillong. East Jaintia Hills.
The Working President of the UDP said that all the Chief Executive Members including the Legislative Assemblies are mentioned in the Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution of India.
Aaron Katabe scored the first goal for Lajong in the 74th minute after he headed the ball into the corner.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
In the men's final, Mawshynrut beat Rambrai Block 7-0 at the NDSA Stadium in Nongpyndeng on Friday.
, has met with the authorities in charge of the FCI to immediately improve the parking of trucks so that there will be no further impact on the traffic of the people, said a statement from the President of the KSU. Mawroh Unit and Eddie Malngiang.
In the men's 1500m and 5000m races, Wolbestar Ramsiej won two gold medals in the 10000m race. Ibandarisha K.Wanniang won the Women's 10000m race.
“The abduction will lead to the closure of all SBI branches due to lack of staff,” Joseph said.
Merrybell Kongwang, a former employee of JHADC, Jowai, passed away on
The ceremony will start at 9 pm and the market will remain open until the end of the ceremony. The ceremony will be held at Khliehiew at the venue and the dance will be held at Basa Tympew after the ceremony. from Khliehiew as it used to be every year.
Shillong Lajong FC have already won two matches in the first match of the tournament on the 12th of this month. In the second match, Lajong beat United Chirag Duar FC 6-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
Through this scheme, these farmers have supplied jhur to the neighboring villages.
“There are 27 Municipal Wards and about 23 are under the 6th Schedule and 4 are outside the 6th Schedule. Replying to a question whether the Meghalaya government should repeal the CAA, the Chief Minister said that the Meghalaya government cannot ask the central government to repeal the CAA. The CAA 2019 has been repealed through the approval of both the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha.
Recently, while celebrating the 50th Anniversary of the West Jaintia District Sports Association, Sniawbhalang Dhar promised to donate T.25 crore for the construction of the stadium.
If they are somehow sloit kha ma kha by the people, they will become citizens again like us the people.
As part of the review of cases related to the violation of Article 370 in Jammu & Kashmir and the division of the state into two Union Territories, after three years, the Supreme Court has now decided to hear the cases from day to day from 2nd January.
He said this is a follow-up meeting convened by the government after meeting some time ago to discuss better the implementation of this project.
Pfizer has tested the drug on 170 different types of coronavirus and 43,000 volunteers.
The man was identified as Eratos Siangshai, 40 years old.
You can't get a ticket.
On the morning of 5.6.2020, a sudden outbreak of plague has occurred in West Khasi Hills, Tynghor area.
According to information received today, the appointment, which was made without informing the media, is illegal under the policy of the state.
Therefore, you have to think carefully about this ILP, as mentioned above.
Shillong: Congress MP from Shillong Vincent Pala visited the NPP office on the day of the victory of Conrad K Sangma from South Tura constituency. He also said that he will meet with Comingone Ymbon, Minister of State.
This concern has led him to urge the government of Bangladesh to take action to preserve and protect these famous places of the Jaintia kings.
“Who can escape from the mobile phone in this age even in the countryside they have learned and used it no matter if it is a simple phone,” said Kynsai.
Other speakers included MA Challam MCS, Dr HH Mohrmen, Kong Pynbeit Passah NIC and others who reminded that plastic is indeed one of the main causes of pollution of the environment and the environment. It is surrounded by water and does not rot at all and if burned, it produces lyer bih which is harmful to health.
It will take generations of people for it to start rising again but in a different form.
It is said that it was due to the heavy rainfall, which caused these trees to fall down and caused the house to collapse and fall as it is happening now.
KC Venuopal said the Congress president has also appointed four secretaries including Billykid Sangma, Grithalson Arengh, Roger Benny A Sangma, Oscar Phira and Manuel Badwar.
They said that many of the crops produced from the ryngkha ki risa have been destroyed, because they can no longer transport them physically and deliver them to the market and this has caused the great loss to the farmers.
The foreigner comes from the countryside just to get the fare to get here.
We don't care if we are sick or suffering as long as our body, our family and our children are well.
The NPP leader recalled many incidents in the 1998 elections and the Congress was strong only a few months before the elections and not months. Dr. Kharlukhi said that according to the current political situation, many of these surprises will happen especially after the elections. He said that the NPP will be one of the parties that will win the most MLAs and will also be the party that will win the most MLAs. 20 out of 24 constituencies in Lum Garo but he said that this cannot be counted sting because of the large number of ticket candidates and if the loser will support the winner it means easily 20 but if There are no less than 10 candidates.
He also announced that the Union Cabinet has approved the introduction of the National Research Foundation Bill in the Legislative Assembly.
Feel ashamed and sorry for the desire to stay behind such thieves.
Jowai, Naitung 25: As part of the 3rd Anniversary of the National Education Policy 2020 (NEP) 2020, Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya (JNV) Mukhla West Jaintia Hills District has been selected as one of the schools selected under the NEP. -2020, today the school briefed on the implementation of NEP-2020 through its Principal Neeraj Kumar.
The Christian church was destroyed by Muslims in eastern Pakistan because of ethnic hatred.
“All hostels in the state that provide accommodation to children under 18 years of age should be closely monitored.
The total number of participants who received training during this season was
Therefore, he appealed to the residents that government schools should not be schools with only buildings but should also have a vision to send their children to schools so that the future of your children will be bright.
Many of our women have spoken out against the Second Amendment Bill 2018 of the KHADC. They have spoken out against the Second Amendment Bill 2018 of the KHADC. protect that custom of Ai-jait Kynthei (Ai-jait mother), when they themselves don't know what race they belong to! The surname is Khasi Khara, the engine is from Bihar, West Bengal, Nepal, Punjab, China, Bangladesh, Delhi, and other countries of the world.
Feelings are overwhelming in such cases.
The reason why it is necessary is because we are living beings.
Meghalaya tied for 304 runs in the first innings and Hyderabad replied with 350 runs.
“The first and foremost goal is to provide the staff, equipment, vehicles, ammunition, training and all the necessary requirements. and when these are complete we will be able to set up more Police Stations.
He said that through the contribution of some people who have a real spirit of working together for the betterment of the people, even those from Odisha and Sikkim have been ready to help and organize this 'Free Eye' This is the second Check up Camp held at Umladkhur in Amlarem Sub Division.
If they had been in court at the time of the trial, we have no doubt that they would have left the room in a state of shock.
Prof. Animesh Mishra, Registrar, NEIGRIHMS, delivered the welcome speech, while Prof. GK Medhi, Dean, NEIGRIHMS, spoke on various activities related to the education at NEIGRIHMS. Prof. (Dr.) Balram Bhargava, Chief Guest, also presented certificates to the students of MBBS (2017 batch), MD/MS Post Graduate Resident, and M.Sc.
On that day, it was planned to confirm Bah Stin Shadap as the Syiem of Raid Iapngar and Bah Mess Lyngdoh as the Lyngdoh Raid along with other office bearers. dissatisfaction was expressed, so it was decided to discontinue.
Some may say that this current arrangement is not a big problem.
Ernest Mawrie said that Bernard's rise and prominence has made Conrad Sangma afraid, especially to lose the upcoming elections, which he will contest against Bernard Marak from South Tura Constituency. elections to come in 2023.
THE COUNTRY AND THE NATION DEPENDS ON YOU LEADERS OR LEADERS IF YOU DO NOT KEEP YOUR PROMISE YOU WILL BE THE GREAT CHANGE OF THE NATION. from government , but in order to fulfill the desire of the children who want to go to school, the Managing Committee and teachers of LP School SSA in Khliehumwang, have to take responsibility for the construction of The Assam Police have renovated the sher dara building to serve as a training center for the school children.
Archbishop Andrews Thazhath in the meeting proposed to former CBCI President Cardinal Oswald Gracias that the Prime Minister should invite Pope Francis to visit the country.
The race was organized by the Roshni Foundation on the 22nd of June, in which the participants came from all over the country. the sea level is 1500m.
A Video Presentation on the dangers of drug abuse was also given by Bah Tanbor Lyngdoh, Khasi Filmmaker.
Bah Chyne congratulated all the people of the constituencies who have given their support to the party, for those constituencies where the party has won and also for those constituencies where the party has not reached the party. The party also congratulates all the people who have given their trust to the UDP party. Regarding the defeat of the party from Pariong Mawthadraishan, the party has not thought about it but accepts the decision of the people. At the same time, they did not think that they would fall under the Nongspung-Sohiong Constitution but the party welcomed it because this is the responsibility of the people.
The West Jaintia Hills District Police have set up a police station to guard the construction of the bridge.
Kokrajhar, Barpeta, Tinsukia and Dhubri districts have 150, 127, 124 and 114 cases respectively.
Mathematics) and Shandakaiyang Suchiang (Bsc.
The time of that great tribulation is known as the last Sunday or the last 7 years.
Conrad will win the elections of the people of Garo and Khasi Hills... NPP will win less than 10 seats.
December.2013.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Education Cell has condemned the government for its speech by the Minister of State for Education, Dr. RC Laloo at the 35th Anniversary of the Khasi School. Jaintia Deficit School Teachers' Association ( Jaintia Deficit School Teachers' Association ), in which the Minister in charge of the education department, said that he does not want to hold and look after the education department of the state.
Ampareen was expected to arrive at Circuit House, Tura on Friday night, but there were already people waiting on the road to protest against her arrival.
In the junior boys singles category, Kitboklang Kharkongor won first place, Mebankitkupar Marwein won second place and Zepheneo FC Rani won third place.
It is the people and especially the civil society organizations who should take responsibility for all these shortcomings of the government and force the government to fix all these shortcomings.
Nongstoiñ: A team of Assam Police today raided Ranighat village in Athiabari West Khasi Hills District to forcibly stop the construction of the PMGSY road from Athiabari to Umshek which is 6.2 km long. The Assam police have forcibly stopped the road and have angered the residents of Ranighat, until there was almost a clash between the residents and the Assam police. The incident was brought to an end after the arrival of the Meghalaya Police.
Mamata Banerjee, during her two-day visit to Shillong, to meet with party workers in Meghalaya, also had a special meeting with the families of the four. Two persons were shot dead in Mukroh village on the border of Assam and Meghalaya.
The Governor informed them that he has received the Bill from the KHADC but he is still waiting for the approval of the DCA. At the same time, Bada said that STIEH will meet tomorrow with the Second Prime Minister. Prestone Tynsong to speak on the same issue.
There were also 3 Pass Books, 3 Check Books and the seal of the school.
On education, Phagu said the government has rebuilt all government schools including LP, UP and Higher Secondary Schools which are running in various sectors as part of improving education.
In the year 2017-2018, the State budget has generated T.15,343 crore.
The HYC Leader said that the Meghalaya High Court has recently declared the gates illegal because according to the MRSS Act 2016 it has not empowered the state government to implement the gates.
At the same time, he said that it is time for the Rangbah Shnongs, Sengbhalang, Youth, Senglongkmie and the public to take responsibility to fight against and eradicate this type of alcoholic beverage. They should have a close cooperation with the police because without their cooperation it will not be possible to arrest them.
They said that they are from Umsning village in Ri Bhoi District and they claimed to be from the Federation Khasi United People (FKUP). also the receipt.
When he had finished eating, he went to the house of the dead.
“This Rs 1000 crore was donated by the Central Government through Finance Minister Arun Jailtly after a special meeting with FOCUSS leaders led by Chairman Bah PN Syiem as CEM. Tura MP PA Sangma and Shillong MP Vincent H Pala,” he said.
This ranges from legislators to members or staff who are just involved within the legislature as well.
Referring to the affected people by the cyclone Amphan, the Minister said that there are about 5.25 lakh people and about 756 households from about 194 villages across the state. Meghalaya is especially affected in Garo Hills and Jaintia Hills.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that the government has appointed an inquiry into the incident.
He is also a founding member of the Khasi Authors' Society; the Khasi Christian Literature Committee and other organizations related to the Church or society.
km) Area (3.51 Sq. km.
Police said that Bandana Kalita has confessed to killing her husband in Chandmari on 26th November with the help of Arup Deka.
According to the vision, we should have completed the building in June and I feel it will be a pride for the state as a whole if we can complete and see this building. “It is a shame that we still have to stay at the Arts & Culture building in Rilbong,” said Bah Metbah.
“The fruit from Mawsynram area is sold at a low price and the fruit from our soh is sold at a low price, so we need a fruit processing unit in the area to “It will benefit the farmers,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Tamang scored 18 runs, Rituraj Rabha 17 runs and Avinash Rai 13 runs.
It is here that Jesus will rule and judge for 1,000 years.
Many speculations have emerged that the Congress party will remove the seat of Bah Pynshngaiñ because he has appointed the leader of the Congress government.
If your mental state is going smoothly, half of your problems have already been solved by smiling.
It means that God leaves it to man's will to choose without force.
Residents in villages and areas with less mobile network can go to the Common Service Centers to use this Portal.
Shillong Lajong FC scored five goals in the first half and five more goals in the second half.
The driver of the truck fled the scene and police are searching for him.
God has power that we humans cannot understand or know God's purpose.
The event was attended by teachers, students, office bearers of the Alumni Association and parents of students of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat.
This is also the place where two vehicles were hit, a few months ago, due to the landslide from the sharing lum, to the place, which crosses the road.
Dear brothers and sisters, let us forget about the BJP, Congress, NPP, UDP, HSPDP or any other party but let us elect a new MP who has passed Hindi and They are also fluent so that they can speak in the Lok Sabha or Rajya Sabha.
:U MLA Sanbor Shullai today inspected the site for the construction of the Urban Primary Health Center at Lumparing Shillong.
The winners of the Block Level will represent the Chief Minister U-12 Open Football Tournament 2023 and the winners of the District Level will represent the State Level.
Chairman of MCAB BahW Kyndiah, Managing Director Bah DF War and other employees of the bank were present on the occasion.
In another report, the storm which struck on the night of the 28th of this month in the Kulang area has destroyed 32 houses and in this incident 12 people have been injured, said Bah R K Hahshah is one of the village leaders.
The order said that the PMGSY road at Lakasein (Semasi Umkyrpong to Kseh) has been damaged due to the overloading of trucks.
Shillong: “My speech came out before I spoke,” said Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, while speaking at the opening ceremony of the 75th Anniversary of The Shillong newspaper. Times.
The team will have to face United Sports Club, a strong team from Kolkata.
To prepare for these threats, it is necessary for us to take responsibility to strengthen agriculture to produce food from our different villages of Bri u Hynniewtrep and the whole state.
Although water shortage affects everyone in society, it affects the poor and marginalized sections of society.
I thank God for opening the way.
He also urged to set up units in every village in Bhoi to discuss their issues in the area as the leaders of the Central Body will not be able to know the issues if they do not inform or start discussing. hi.
In the past few months, the President of the HSPDP Youth Wing, Bah Sandondor Ryntathiang, has resigned from the party.
India, who are also the champions of the Intercontinental Cup, beat Lebanon 2-0 in the final in Odisha.
In the video, Meghwal praised the owner of the company, Sunil Bhansali and wished the company to continue as it was implemented under the Atmanirbhar scheme. India, not funded by the Government of India.
These three groups of teachers in three places stood firm without fear for more than four hours.
Nongstoiñ, July 24: The District Magistrate of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang, Bah G Kharmawphlang IAS, has enforced Section 144CrPC, which prohibits the movement of vehicles and trucks on the road. of the roads of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, especially on the Mawmaram-Nongthliew-Mawmih-Mawlyndep roads.
So far, 80,000 nurses, doctors and other retired personnel have come out to help these refugees and the Navy has arrived with 10,000 beds. to the sick.
The district police chief said that the department has been installing 'Naka' and this will continue to monitor the drivers so that they do not drive too fast or 2 shaka while driving.
The Nongstoiñ Court has been filled with lawyers from all over the country to file bail cases against many of the owners of the coke factories.
Meanwhile, the positivity rate after 100 tests was only 1.04 percent.
Speaking on the RSS, he said that it is a non-profit organization like other organizations that work for the benefit of the people of India and it does not need any assistance from the government.
Besides these, there are also some frightening news regarding the taking of samples for COVID-19 at the Umling Screening Centre.
The PDF has become a political party in Meghalaya, while the NPP, which has 26 MLAs, will now increase its number of MLAs. to 28 people.
Each truck has to pay 90,000 tyngka for the release of them.
Who is that Khasi elder of ours who still has that 'KaMynsien Ba Shynrang' and who stands like that 'U Diengbilat'
The meeting was conducted by N Sutnga, Financial Secretary of the party.
For many years, the crops have not been harvested due to the drought and this year, the heavy rains have damaged the crops.
Although Joseph and Mary were from Bethlehem, they did not have land and a house of their own to sleep the infant Jesus because all the land of the villagers had been confiscated by the Roman Empire. .
The General Secretary of Lamin Durbar Shnong, Bah T Khonglah in a statement said that the market is one of the largest and oldest markets in War Jaintia Hills. The Kñia ka Khriam which started in the morning from Lehñiam in the middle of the market, and ended at Basa Kwai in the afternoon.
All the people were moved when they heard his prayer.
“Ka seng has already sent a message to the government to include all the residents in the committee including Rangbah Shnong, Daloi, Syiem and even the land owners.
Meanwhile, the working president of the UDP said that they have raised the issue of the payment of electricity bill after measuring the meter which has caused confusion among the people from different parts of the government. Shillong.
The new Legislative Assembly has been built on an 80 acre plot in Mawdiangdiang, New Shillong Township (NST) and the project worth T.127 crore has been awarded to Uttar Pradesh Rajkiya Nirman. Nigam Ltd is a Public Sector Undertaking (PSU) of the Government of Uttar Pradesh.
Madan Heh FC beat Mawlai Impact FC 5-2 in the final match of the tournament on Tuesday at Madanlyngkhung Block 8, Mawlai Nongkwar.
"Yes, Niakha, we are still coming to the market," replied Rida. Panah went on and stood beside them.
When we want change, of course we cannot say that politicians are the tools that have empowered them to bring about change from head to toe.
The statement said that Bah Mawdoh was wanted by the police, but instead of surrendering, he came to work for the party.
With these victories, these two have now carried 74,651 points from the 12 tournaments they have participated in.
There is a Land Act prohibiting the sale of foreigners, a Foreigners Act, a Benami Act and many other laws. .
Therefore, I think it is time to change the name of the Khasi Welfare Union or the Hynniewtrep Welfare Union, so that it will be stronger and free from many kinds of criticism.
May this Behdieñkhlam this year bring blessings to the village, the Raij Jowai and the Bri Hynniewtrep as a whole”.
Bhabokstar Nongkynrih – Vice President
The program was concluded with a DJ Night.
After the news spread to Shillong, several ministers of the Hima Mylliem were asked whether there has been any discussion within the Hima regarding the incident. Langstieh has asked Minister Langstieh to contest the MDC election from Sohiong.
He said the government has not yet sent the report to the court as no date has been set when it will be sent to the court on the actions that the government will take against those involved in the appointment of teachers.
Tell your doctor about the presence of family members who are allergic.
Nongstoiñ, July 20: The Congress MLA and MDC from Nongstoin Constituency, Bah Gabriel Wahlang, today said that the Indian National Congress (NC) will support the National People's Party (NPP) only in Khasi Hills Autonomous District. The Council (KHADC) is not the MDA-II Government led by the NPP in the state.
On the Zero Hour Notice taken by the AITC MP in the Lok Sabha, he said, “This is like taking a zero hour notice in the Assembly because the answer is correct and it will be examined. There is no difference because we are all fighting until we can achieve the aspirations of the people of the state.
However, no license has been issued to mine coal yet.
With these shiphew shympriah kti we puh, daiῆ and lur the lyngkha and the hali.
The unemployed youth will succeed because the State Reservation Policy will change to 80% of the residents of Meghalaya, regardless of whether they are Khasi-Jaintia or Garo by judging and basing them according to their knowledge and skills. to the work.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Chief Minister said that the Block Office at Siju will be a tribute to Captain Williamson A. Sangma, the first Chief Minister of the State. a resident of Siju.
After China, South Korea has the highest number of cases with 763 cases.
The Dalloi said that he has made a great contribution to the society in the elaka, he has worked hard for the work of the elaka and at the same time he has been a source of strength. The elaka in all aspects and the people respect him in all the different villages within the elaka.
“He said that from today if they continue to broadcast, after the court has released, what we will do we will see.
When the coal was found in LadRymbai, even though there was a check gate at Byrni, we were on the state bus when we reached Byrni.
They also said that they have reached this goal to win the title not because they have a good ground to play but only in a small village ground which is not jlij and khohruh khohram but by hard work and perseverance in the midst of all the difficulties have reaped the fruits of hard work.
On the other hand, Bah A.Syiemiong, State Program Coordinator of Piramal Foundation who is the organizer of the event, urged the participants to check the patients who have symptoms of TB. Because many of the patients with HIV/AIDS are more susceptible to TB. On the other hand, he said that there are some patients with HIV who refuse to go out to government health centers but go out to traditional healers.
To date, 48 A&H sites and one goldsmith have been appointed as Collection and Purity Testing Centers (CPTCs).
The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma has strongly criticized the Trinamool Congress (TMC) especially its leader Dr Mukul Sangma for uniting the people of Garo Hills.
At present, violence against women and children is no longer happening only in urban areas, but has now started to spread even to rural areas. the law enforcement agencies and especially the police department, that they have to take action, in order to eradicate all kinds of crime and especially the violence against children.
Speaking at the launch of the election results, Bah Process said that the KHNAM party is like the AAP party, which is poor because it has been supported by its own people to support itself.
However, in the Byelaw recently passed by the Cabinet, it has taken the District Councils as Authorities and this is a strong issue.
Shillong, November 9: The Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem Phrestar Manik Syiem, on Tuesday handed over the Sanad to Bah Boldness L.Nongum to become the Minister of the Hima from the Lyngdoh Nongum clan. in the place of Mr. Bingshonroy who died.
Following the death of the United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate from Sohiong Constituency, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, the UDP has decided to contest against the brother-in-law of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Bah Synshar Lyngdoh from Sohiong Constituency. .
The Art of Living has provided training and shelter to hundreds of other members of the United Liberation Front of Assam (ULFA) and rebel groups from Manipur who have surrendered. .
Britain has not yet appointed another candidate to replace Boris Johnson, 55, but Johnson has reportedly handed over Foreign Secretary Dominic Raab to continue running the country. forward to the work.
The site is believed to have a lake that is 3.5 to 3.9 billion years old.
In the letter, the HSPDP MDCs said that in October 2019, after the announcement of the names of the MDCs who have been elected in the 2019 elections, the political parties have immediately sought ways and means. The political parties under the MDA umbrella, UDP, NPP, HSPDP, PDF and MDCs themselves have had the opportunity to The HSPDP is one of those groups that worked together and formed the parliamentary party of the United Democratic Alliance (UDA).
After the ODI, there will be three T20 internationals.
The mother was pleased and decided to buy it before the end of June.
Denald Nongbri of Mawkriah scored in the 16th and 28th minutes and Fernando Sohkhlet added in the 22nd minute.
Not only by visiting households but also by conducting public awareness campaigns in every village on the good works of the Modi government as part of raising awareness among the people that they should benefit especially the poor farmers. as requested by the Prime Minister.
It is sad to mention here that many farmers in urban or rural areas do not own their own land but farm on the land of others.
Jowai, Nailar 11: The District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai has announced that the 15th Nailar, 2023 will be a day of drug ban in the district as part of the celebration of Independence Day. see if 'Independence Day'.
