The UDP has joined the HSPDP in the Regional Party Alliance (RDA).
Fine.
The union has also warned the owners of these foreigners not to bring in foreigners and the union has also warned the contractors who are brought by foreigners. , which are not even enough documentation.
In the discussion on the Labor License, the HYC urged the KHADC to end the issuance of Labor License to the private sector. The HYC leaders said that the KHADC will work with the villages to curb the influx of foreigners.
Manikstar Umdor, Sirdar of Pamsangut Sirdarship, said that women have a great role to play in shaping the society in the development of all aspects.
The RSS has expressed its satisfaction with the repeal of Article
Assam itself, although it has adopted this method of invasion, does not care about Meghalaya, especially since Meghalaya itself does not hesitate to protect its own border.
However, it will now be up to the individual villages for discussions and consultations with their country's governments to decide whether or not to join Pyongyang.
He may not be the cause of this death,” said her friend.
Four people, reportedly, were injured.
Fear and anxiety are the most powerful emotions in the human soul because they have a strong impact on your mind and body as a whole.
These corruption cases in our state will turn into diseases unless we can cure them from the root.
Speaking on the occasion, Bindo said, “We have not asked for anything new, but we have just said that Dr Donkupar's seat, we will give it back to another person and that's all.
Then no one shall be allowed to touch the ark and even he shall move from one place to another, but the locked ark shall remain open until the end of the ark. competition.
The State Government through the Department of Sports & Youth Affairs today held a ceremony to honor the players and coaches of the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA). Meghalaya have made history in football by reaching the final of the 76th National Football Championship Hero Santosh Trophy 2022-2
The Asam post is also the road where the residents of the area come and go and especially the road for the students of Nepali Sahayogi Sec, School which has been established since 1963.
“When the rules have clearly defined the terms “male” and “female”, the courts cannot give another opinion,” the Central Government said.
Nongstoiñ, October 8: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Arun Kumar Kembhavi to demand the implementation of the entry and exit gate at Athiabari.
On the other hand, the five MLAs who were suspended by the Congress initially expressed their support for Murmu because she is a tribal but expressed their regret after the BJP did not invite them to the meeting. One of the four suspended Congress MLAs, who did not want to be named, said that Murmu's visit to the state to seek support from all the MLAs and MPs. Shillong, Naitung 12 : The Meghalaya Chess Association (MDA) in collaboration with the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has invited all the MLAs in the MDA to respect the decision of the MDA to support the NDA candidate. The 187th Anniversary of the Death of Tirot Sing Syiem will be celebrated with the Third Tirot Sing Syiem Memorial Rapid Chess Championship 2022 on 16th November, 2022 from 9 pm at Government Girls Higher Secondary School. Shillong.
Also present on the occasion were the MLA of the constituency, Bah Jemino Mawtho, Chairman of MCAB, Bah WK Kyndiah, Managing Director of MCAB, Bah DF War and others. even.
In another development, the Dorbar Shnong Jaiaw Laitdom has informed that the cleanliness drive will be held on the 18th of this month from 8 am until late.
If anything bad happens that affects the peace and order of the community who will take responsibility and it is for this disrespect to the village authorities that the village authorities together with the KSU have gone to ban the collection of taxes. “It's a protest against these disrespectful acts against the village authorities,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
In another match, Meghalaya's U-23 Women's One-Day Trophy against Bihar was canceled due to rain.
If your blood pressure rises too high, you may have respiratory problems, bleeding from the head, headaches, shortness of breath, asthma, excessive fatigue.
Firstly, the government should have stopped the waste of public money, the government should have removed the political appointees including Chairman, Co-chairmen, Vice Chairman from various boards. The government should remove the political advisers.
They also said that if we look at the condition of the land and the population, if we divide the Rambrai Assembly Constituency into two MDC Constituencies, it is enough.
“How to clean: Add 10 drops of castor oil and almond oil to a small bowl and mix well.
Jeremiah 9:23–24.
Jerobad Police Station and Magistrates immediately arrived at the scene and the body of the child was taken to Guwahati Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) Guwahati for post-mortem. investigation into the incident will continue.
The posts to be contested are President, Vice-President, General Secretary, Assistant General Secretary, Education Secretary, Organizing Secretary, Information & Publicity Secretary, Office Secretary, Sports & Cultural Secretary and Environment Secretary.
Shillong: The State Government, after suspending the six month salary of SSA teachers, will now release the salary of only two months, ie, for the months of July and November, 2021 after the Ministry of Education The Government of India has released an allocation of T.59 crore to the Government of Meghalaya on the 10th of this month.
There have been many comments on the demarcation process in the past 8 and 9 months, but Conrad Sangma said that since the beginning of the demarcation talks, the MLAs have visited the officers. to hold public meetings in each village from time to time to confirm the willingness and consent of the people whether they wish to go to Assam or Meghalaya, and it was found that about 95% of the people agreed to come. to Meghalaya, and the Assam government respects that, but the reasons have arisen despite the fact that the MDA government is still determined to work especially on the border issue.
In addition, the order also prohibits the cleaning of vehicles or the cleaning of clothes, the dumping of garbage along the Myntdu River as well as the garbage from the construction of roads. Distribute diapers or sanitary pads inside the well or its surroundings.
There are 22 candidates from different constituencies in the KHADC, but the Secretary of the Selection Committee, Bah Allantry Franklin Dkhar, said that all the seven candidates have fulfilled the rules of the party. you put it.
However, unfortunately, in West Khasi Hills District, those who take the patient to the Civil Hospital Nongstoin for treatment or get a Disability Certificate, in order to apply for the assistance from these schemes. special (Felicities, Concession and benefits).
The meeting was attended by the Chief Executive Member of the United Khasi Hills District Council, the Secretary of the Mikir Hills District Council and government officials.
There are those who have said that those who won the MP and MDC elections on the APHLC ticket, but who accepted the Autonomous State, should have been recalled because they accepted the Autonomous State without However, in India there is no law that cannot be recalled.
“It needs to be considered thoroughly,” said Singh when asked whether the central government intends to mine uranium in the state.
Shillong, Nailar 5: Two persons have been arrested by BSF troops in Borsora area of ​​South West Khasi Hills.
Narendra Modi, Prime Minister of India, expressed the same view when in his Independence Day speech on 15th January 2022, he said that freedom should be free from anything related to the slavery of the Country.
In a letter to the Minister, Bernard said that the villages in Garo Hills have faced many difficulties in getting adequate drinking water which is the most important need for the people.
At the same place, the union also found that there were about 40 boxes of books and 45 byrni heh (byrni rnga) of expired medicines that had been brought to the same place. you are well.
“The past has clearly witnessed that even though many political party leaders have come forward to demand a change in this slow job allocation system, many people have forgotten when they became leaders in various political parties, " said the spokesman.
On this occasion, the HSPDP also paid tribute to Bah (L) EK Mawlong, who was one of the great leaders of the Umroi Constituency and who brought the honor of the Umroi Constituency during his tenure. He is still the Chief Executive Member or MLA of that Constituency.
The team scored 163 runs for the loss of seven wickets in 20 overs.
People who apply for these applications apply through the Common Services Center (CSC) and other online platforms but the problem is that the office of the Deputy Commissioner has not been able to complete for many months. “This has affected education and the people who need this document from the government,” said Bah Kurkalang.
As the saying goes, sleeping early and getting up early makes a person healthy, rich and wise.
BJP Meghalaya State President Ernest Mawrie, State Vice President Dipayan Chakraborty, State Vice President David Kharsati and Yuva Morcha State President Wankitbok Pohshna were also present on the occasion.
He said that even the JHADC and the government now have a number of transporters and receive trading license, labor and other taxes due to the existence of the AJCCTA which has eliminated the attempt of foreigners to smuggle in the country. Balen Thubru, President of the AJCCTA, said that on 15th November, 2013, the state government and JHADC have to cooperate and provide for all the needs of the state government. There will be a meeting of transporters from different States on the weighbridges that are not operating in the State.
Abdul was also present that day.
A serving of wheat contains about 7.5 grams of fiber.
The World Fitness Federation (WFF) bodybuilding competition was attended by athletes in the following categories including Body Build, Bermuda, Denim Jeans and Women Sports Model.
Speaking on the occasion, I Warjri, Principal of Meghalaya Police Public School Shillong, said, “I would like to thank the students of Meghalaya Police Public School for their hard work. She also expressed her gratitude to the parents and teachers who have supported the students physically and spiritually. She said that the responsibility is not in the hands of others. but it is up to you to take responsibility for your own life.
It will be inaugurated by the President of India and her presence will inspire and encourage steps to be taken to resolve water related issues.
Today, Jaitley, 65, wrote on his Twitter account that he is working at home now, as he is undergoing treatment and the remaining treatment will be received. information from your treating physicians.
Therefore, the office requests all schools in South West Khasi Hills District who wish to participate to come and collect the forms to fill up the names of the participants from the office on working days. .
It can be said that this failure to implement these two projects may be due to the lack of action by the relevant authorities of the State Government and also the leaders of these two constituencies.
The king embraced her and said, “Oh, my dear, I want you to go with me to the grave.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Donkupar said, “I promise that I will not be the Lamphang to be biased or to involve anyone or to overthrow the government as happened in the past years. it’s over”.
Hek is confident that the people will continue to trust him in the 2023 election as they have trusted him as their MLA.
“The wisdom of man is how he can solve problems.
Badminton in singles and doubles for the students between Team-C and Team-D started on this day. Nonglatem SC beat Loompyrdi SC 1-0 in the Third Division Football Tournament on Tuesday.
Shillong has been facing problems in terms of traffic congestion in Shillong, especially during school and office hours and during the holidays.
This is also a shame for the state because even the High Court has lost confidence in our police.
Former KSU President Paul Lyngdoh, Michael Syiem and Samuel B Jyrwa were also present at the 36th Anniversary Celebration.
One day his son was seriously sick. He was taken to the doctor and the doctor said there was no way out because he was seriously sick.
If the Central Government accepts the ILP in Meghalaya, it will be the greatest victory for our people and if it cannot accept it, 2020 will become the year for the people to see for themselves. In the past few days, it has been witnessed that the state government is in great fear of the protest against CAA and demanding the implementation of ILP because the people at that time were very angry from the bottom of their hearts. The ILP resolution was sent to Delhi with the consent of 60 MLAs in the Assembly to demand that the Central Government should accept the resolution.
The Government has subsequently amended the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act,
He also appealed to the people to be wise to fight against this evil and urged the youth especially those living in the border areas to train themselves in the defense fields with the CAPF and to work for the country. the future, peace, hope and joy.
He said that cleanliness begins with oneself.
The head of the company was identified as Pran Singh.
The Meghalaya Table Tennis Association (MTTA) on Friday held a meeting with the media to announce the preparations for the tournament.
Taking the statement of the Dy CM in charge of the Home (Police) as an unfounded political statement, Bah Nongtraw said; “In the statement of Bah Tynsong on the summons of the court to me as general secretary, it is clear that his statements are political statements without any basis.
Apart from Advani, the meeting of the 12-member board was attended by other leaders such as Sushma Swaraj, Murli Manohar Joshi, Arun Jaitley and Nitin Gadkari.
From the words, which we often find, which are used widely in these days, the festival and the same word, we see that in English it is used in many different ways and one of them is For example, which is often called “health fair” and here too, in Khasi, we use it as a medicine festival and this is a word that doesn't fit at all and then there is another issue. They say youth festival and here too, we often use the word youth festival and then another issue, which is jackfruit festival and here too we say sohphan festival and so on. There are many celebrations like food festivals, where we say that it is a festival of food and drink.
The Christian community grew rapidly and built large and beautiful churches from small churches to large and beautiful churches. This shows that the Christians you know how to grow.
The HNYF has alleged that dozens of byrni and dozens of trucks every day smuggle rice into Bangladesh through Lyngkhat, Pyrdiwah, Dawki, Bakur, Riahjalong and Muktapur and other places.
Explaining on the criticism at many meetings of the UDP candidate for the work he has done, Bah Teibor said, “I think she is too scared, she doesn't have anything to criticize. which is not what I am doing.
Singh requested the Health Ministry to take action to arrange classes for these students outside Manipur including to obtain permission from the National Medical Council for the 17 MBBS Under-19 students. Graduates to continue their studies at NEIGRIHMS in Shillong, 6 BDS Under-Graduates at Regional Dental College, Guwahati and 6 Post Graduates at Guwahati Medical College or others.
In the first instance, police also seized 14.2 kilograms of Crystal Neth worth T.1.5 crore.
As one of the residents of Kongthong village which falls under the Khatar village area I would like to discuss as much as possible regarding the Jingrwai Iawbei.
Shillong: As part of the celebration of the 75th Independence Day of India, the North Eastern Hill University (NHIU) has organized the Mawpoin Tournament between the Department of Cultural and Creative Studies. Dr. Jay Narayan Nayak (Registrar NEHU), Prof. B.S. Mipun (Teacher-in- Students of NEHU, Rangbah Shnong and residents of Mawlai Kynton Massar.
“Death doesn't escape anyone but it will come to man on any day because of illness or old age and this is the death that nature has arranged. but that death may come because of the abduction of another human being who is still a fellow creature is something that cannot be stopped, therefore we want the law to take part in the punishment. according to the rules of law," he said.
Shillong, July 23: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Democratic Front (KHADC) has decided to take care of the problems of the people on the border who are facing problems due to the conflict. The Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam have completed the boundary demarcation in the first phase and now this time they have started the boundary. the second after the re-establishment of Regional Committees to resolve the seven areas that are still in the midst of border dispute.
Speaking to Mawphor, Bah Thomas Passah, Secretary of the Sur ka Bri U Hynniewtrep, said that the group from the beginning has promised in front of the people and the family not to stop but to continue fighting until they get the results. righteous judgment, came to encourage and support them.
Genesis 3:4 says, "And the serpent said unto the woman, Ye shall not surely die.
“Come to me, all you who labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.
In the Bishop's parents' house there are now the Khatduh sister, his brother-in-law, Maximum Sangriang and their six young children (the Bishop's brothers).
“Perhaps he (MR) has not been informed about the lifting of the ban on fish sales, but from now on tests will be conducted and if formalin is found in fish imported from abroad, we will have to close again.
Those who want to visit Shillong but don't want to stay in Shillong.
Furthermore, the union has received many complaints from the public that there is no doctor at the PHC, that the doctor in charge has left the PHC at will, where there is only one doctor. Ayurvedic hospital which has made it difficult for the people to go for treatment at the government hospital.
“We don't want any tragic incident, therefore, we request the organizers of the meeting, to cancel, we thank you all for your support to Ampareen Lyngdoh who is my sister” , said Sharon Lyngdoh.
We want to stay healthy.
Shillong, November 20: U Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah RV Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that in the past, groups have accused him of bringing various villages of Upper Shillong under the They also alleged that he has given the land of the Veterinary to the Air Force.
Recil Phawa, 70, of Ialong, WJ Hills, was admitted to MCH Hospital, Jowai on 20-05-2021. She died on 23-05-2 Wadrilang Nongsteng, 35, of Pynursla, EK Hills was admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Shillong on 16-05-2021 and died on 22-05-2 He was admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Shillong on 18-05-2021. He died on 22-05-2
Speaking to reporters, MPCC President DD Lapang said that the NDA government's withdrawal of funds has severely affected the paid knup paid trap in the country.
From traffic jams, to coal smuggling and now even the rules of operation of the electricity department and the daily power outages since the MDA2.0 government took over, everything has come forward. the court.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Joint Action Committee of NEHU, Prof. Lakhon Kma, on Tuesday said that the JAC will take action against the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. Lakhon Kma.
Similarly, in Mukroh, the people cut trees from the forests of the village to use them, and it is their right since ancient times and governments especially foreign governments do not have the right to own trees. “It's a struggle for the rights of the Khasi-Pnar people,” said Laitphar.
Sangma expressed his satisfaction with the Supreme Court's lifting of the coal ban in the state, which he hoped would open up the income of those who used to earn a living from the job. He also expressed hope that the tourism industry will be one of the ways to create income in the State.
Shillong, Lber 20: Within the five years from 2011 to 2015, the number of students who have completed the Ph.D.
A foreigner has expressed his grief while paying for parking in another village and speaks alone that in about 10 minutes he has already paid 10 tyngka as parking fee in another place, here too If you count only the parking fee (except the fee for the market) every day is more than 100 tyngka, how can the government be poor, the market is like a dirt road.
In both the short meetings, there were dances by the youth as well as special songs sung in Lyngngam.
It is that Church which is governed by the will of man and not by God, by the wisdom of man and not by the wisdom of God and cannot do the will of God.
Enbin argued that if the Mizos were turned into Mizoram, the Nagas would get Nagaland, and it would be the same with the demand for a Khasi-Jaintia State for the Khasi.
This is the fraud of the Acting Chief of Mylliem Hima on what we have asked for,” said Bah Dohtdong.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The JNU, after receiving complaints on the insult to the Khasi Pnar people by the Karbi rebels including the Karbi People's Liberation Tiger (KPLT), has sent a letter to the Karbi People's Liberation Tiger (KPLT). Solidarity (UPDS) and others in Karbi Anglong (Assam) led by the president of the party Niman Shadap immediately visited the district to meet with the Rangbah Shnongs of Hamren. Sub-Division (Karbi Anglong) which includes up to 12 villages including Laher, Mooriap, Mook Nor, Mookhim, Mynju, Khynde Liar, Moorap, Bandein, Madan Myni, Umsalait, Nongjrong and Syrlong.
In the past 24 hours, 3,722 new cases have been reported and 134 deaths have been reported.
It is not known whether the HSPDP will continue to respond to this issue.
The house of Narolin Khongjoh and Bah Omiwell Marbaniang was destroyed by the fire. Fortunately, no one was injured in the fire. however, there was damage caused to the loss of household items and causing heavy losses.
Regarding the border clashes in Sabuda, Block-2 in Ri Bhoi, this reporter spoke to Bishnu Teron, one of the leaders of the Karbi Students Association (KSA). ), which is also one of the prominent political parties in Karbi Anglong, expressed his concern over the inability to resolve the exact border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Tobacco is a plant that the world knows is a deadly drug that kills its closest friends.
Teachers should be able to use mobile phones, WattsApp and the Internet, as the students who participate have also begun to receive training through these modern technologies.
On the same day, the office bearers of the Women Wing were confirmed as President, Isabela Lyngdoh and S Pathaw as Vice President, General Secretary and others.
In this regard, the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) of South West Khasi Hills District, after receiving a complaint from Bah Karmilos Marweiñ, has investigated and met with him and has requested the company not to Within 10 days, by the 12th of November, 2023, the company should pay and if it does not pay by the 13th of November, the union will close down the tower at Domsohkhai. (Nongnah), South West Khasi Hills District.
According to a letter received from the licensing officer of KHADC, the company has not yet issued a licence.
However, Conrad said that it is necessary to investigate the matter thoroughly as it should not be rushed.
The top 16 teams from nine cities across the country will compete in the Red Bull Dance Your Style India Final on 16th March 2021 for the title of national champion. The winners will also represent the country at the World Final to be held in Johannesburg on 4th November
According to God's Word in Psalm 119:19 “I am the seed of the earth” and in Paul's letter to the Philippians 3:20 “For our citizenship is in heaven” and you will find many in the Bible who prove to us that we are not of the world but of the earth.
Justice Tarun Agarwall, who is the chief justice of the Allahabad High Court, may take over as the chief justice of the Meghalaya High Court.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the drivers from the market to Upper Shillong expressed their dissatisfaction with the increase in the price of petrol. During the lockdown in the state, the government has not forgiven the tax fee in relation to vehicle license plates even for 10 naïa.
After receiving this information, the question arises now what is the benefit if the officers have forcibly reduced the attendance of the people at the meeting???.
Ms Phanbuh also intends to publish her poems in Khasi under the title “Ka Thiar”.
Referring to the Reservation Policy, which has been in place in the state for more than 50 years, since the independence of the state, Bah Titos said that according to the Constitution, it is to renew the Reservation every shiphew year.
Thousands of Presbyterian believers from all over the Khasi and Jaintia Hills attended the service, but many of the people who attended the service were to listen and hear the spiritual food from the Word of God, but many of the churchgoers missed out on hearing the message of the Word of God at the 10:30 pm service, because of the Due to the traffic jam on the road, many of the vehicles of the pilgrims reached the second service.
He said that with this visit, the Minister hopes that the problems faced by the people will be resolved soon.
The meeting was also attended by the Archbishop of the Catholic Church, James Anderson Syiemlieh, Director of the NSSS, Mariantina Lyngkhoi and conducted by Govinsen Ïawphaniaw, member of the NSSS. NSSS.Mawkyrwat, November, 09: The District Legal Services Authority (DLSA), Shillong, in collaboration with the Superintendent of Police, South West Khasi Hills District, Shillong The One Stop Center, Mawkyrwat today held a program to celebrate the World Human Rights Day. This Dorbar is not available.
Therefore, the Pastor and his family members have requested the DC to take action to help bring back their son into the state and to comply with the orders in the state. , because as of now, this young man doesn't even have clothes to wear, because his trip to the state was only to follow this friend, who had planned to deliver food to the state.
“The Congress has not yet taken any decision to elect me as the Chief Minister of the state if it comes to power but my decision to contest the 2023 election is only because I want to. “I don't want to lead the party from the front,” said Bah Pala.
Amos 8:3.
BJP Spokesperson Bah M Kharkhrang spoke on various schemes implemented by the Central Government.
MeECL, when sending a showcause notice to these mobile companies, has included the towers which have already paid the electricity bill and the towers which have not yet paid. These mobile companies will be cut off electricity if they pay for only one tower.
The Director of Health Services (MI) Dr Aman War said that the poor woman was admitted to the hospital for childbirth.
On this day, dr.
Pastor LS Nongphlang, besides serving these nine churches, has also held many positions in the Presbyterian Church of India, where he has served as Junior Secretary, Senior Secretary and Executive Member until this year.
He said that the competition is part of the International Water Conclave 2024 which will be held in Shillong on 9th and 10th June. The winners will receive cash prizes of Rs.20,000/-, Rs.15,000/- and Rs.10,000/- for the first, second and third place respectively.
Although the country puts forward peaceful relations with its neighbours, it will not take stingy relations with its enemies.
He said that according to the order issued by the Supreme Court of India on 10th July, 2020, it has mentioned some issues regarding the implementation of Section 144 of the Code of Criminal Procedure. (CrPC), 1973.
It will receive the approval of the President of the country once it has been adopted by the States and the Empowered Committee of Finance Ministers will be empowered to formulate the GST rules at the Central Government and in the States.
He said the government should not amend the Principal but only the departments or rules.
The statement said that the union has also convened its Executive Committee on the 23rd of this month and decided to strongly condemn this government's appointment. They demanded that the Market Complex should be handed over to the NTC to run the market.
Sohra received 172.8mm of rainfall from 8.30 am to 4.30 pm, while Shillong received 39.3mm and Umiam received 39.3mm of rainfall. 9.8mm.
Women who wish to participate in this race can register themselves through the link on the MYBharat portal (www.mybharat.
CBM and its partner groups including World Vision, Dwar Jingkyrmen, Ferrando Speech and Hearing Centre, Rilang Foundation, Meghalaya Deaf Association, Meghalaya Parents Association of the Disabled (MEPAD), Reach Ministries through Carmo Noronha of Bethany Society in a meeting with reporters at Shillong Press Club expressed their desire to ensure the right to education for children with disabilities.
Nongpoh, Naitung 27: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District (SKRSRBD) today decided to appeal to the Meghalaya High Court against the state government for the delay in the release of The funds for the purchase of materials for the implementation of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Schemes (MGNREGS) or the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Guarantee Act 2005.
The Ex-Moderator of Shangpung Presbytery, Pastor HCT Sumer, launched a large balloon which lasted for a year at the ground floor of the church in the village.
Father Sngi Lyngdoh explained the meaning of this word and said that it means, “beyond what people can imagine, to expect...” It can also be understood that a full life means, “to live in a community where the environment is good, the air and water are clean.
He said that the government does not want to speak clearly regarding the project and JACAUHEP demands that the state government should issue a clear statement regarding the project in Wah Umngot.
They also used laptops and virtual private networks (VPNs) to communicate with people they wanted to smuggle into the US. The three arrested from Shillong are Akash Biswa, Ajay Biswa, 25, and Akash Sunar, 23, were arrested.
“The National Education Policy (NEP) has paved the way for the separation of all languages ​​in the country,” he added.
The arrested were identified as Nazbul Hussain, 38, Abdul Rashid, 28 and Arib Khan, 32, residents of Thoubal district.
However, on the way to Nongkhlaw, the British troops arrested and set along the two brothers.
We cannot ignore or ignore issues related to economic development such as better transportation whether by land or by air.
Shillong: The Blenders Pride Fashion Nights, which is a special event to showcase fashion from across the country, has now reached the gateway of the North East. to Northeast India' – Guwahati – to showcase the uniqueness of this city through beautiful dress and style.
The Meghalaya Police have not fled for fear of the Karbi people as witnessed on social media, but their flight was to avoid any clashes that may arise in the country. The area which the Karbis have admitted is still within the border of Assam, said the Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District, MA C Syrti.
The export of sohniamtra to the UAE has been successful in collaboration with the Government of Meghalaya, APEDA, Lulu Group and the Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers' Welfare.
This is against the customs and traditions of the Khasi Khara.
Speaking to the Security Council, World Health Organization (WHO) chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said the situation inside Gaza and in Gaza's hospitals at the moment has deteriorated. I hope to be able to continue to provide medical treatment due to the lack of medicines and the closure of many hospitals.
Ex Rev.K.LangrinA triangle is a shape that has three sides.
The Minister said that the enthusiasm and welcome of the drivers will bring about many changes and they also need training.
At the meeting, which was attended by many Congress leaders, Roshan said that she can no longer contest the 2018 elections for personal reasons.
Kharwanlang said that the Shallang Police Station is conducting a thorough search operation in these areas to rescue the man and also to track down the suspects. man.
It was seen that the number of those who wanted to watch Khasi movies was very strong on this day and even the road was crowded with people standing to lock the door or chatter. of the Cinema Bijou to demand that the door be opened so that they can enter and watch the film.
Nor can we walk freely the paths that the Arab Christians and other early Christians walked.
Now, Christmas, which is God's incarnation to give eternal life to man, is God's mercy and spiritual gift to His creature, man. man cannot get.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, said that this is the beginning of finding solutions for the seven areas that are still stuck in the midst of the border dispute.
The training was a success in which the residents of the village came forward to donate blood including the Lyngdoh of the Hima, the Rangbah Shnong of Thainthynroh and others along with the members of the organization.
Meghalaya started to lose their minds in the beginning of the match, but the defenders managed to save the goal.
Shillong: A group of masked robbers, on Monday morning, set fire to two dumper trucks of the Nongstoin-Wahkaji road construction company in West Khasi Hills District.
Arienne A Sangma of Don Bosco College (HR Section) scored 437 marks and scored the highest marks in the subjects (E, Ae, Ec, Ed, Ps. ,Geo), Sundare B Sangma, Don Bosco College (Hr Sec), who scored 434 marks and scored the highest marks in E,Ec,Ps,Ed,Sg,Ae, Cammillia Jean Bakordor Moushumi Das, of Laban Bengalee Girls Higher Secondary School, Shillong, scored 424 marks and scored the highest marks in E, Ae, Ec, M, CAP; Mable Marina Rodborne, St Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, scored 418 marks and scored the highest marks in B, Ec, Pls, Ed, Ps. Naphisabet Nongkynrih, St Edmunds College Higher Secondary School, with 412 marks and the highest marks in E, Hs, Ec, Geo, CAP; Soubori Mazumdar of Tura Town Higher Secondary School, Tura with 412 marks and the highest marks in B, Ec, Ed, Pls; Damelari Wahlang of St Marys College with 411 marks. Sacred Heart Boys High School, Shillong, who received 407 marks and the highest number of marks in E, K, Ec, Pls Bashida L Mawlong, St Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong with 407 marks. Samson Dkhar of Sacred Heart Boys' Hr Sec, Shillong, with 407 marks and the highest number of subjects; Nayanika Ghosh of St Edmund's College, who scored 405 marks and scored the highest in E, Ae, Ec, Hs, Geo Jiwan Lakra of Don Bosco HS, Rongkhon with 405 marks and Adelamanbha Giri of RK Mission HS, Sohra with 401 marks. Archana Thomas of St Edmunds College with 401 marks in E, Ae ,Eq).
They have sent a letter to the Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong requesting him to cancel the government's announcement to relocate the PWD (Rds) North Division Jowai to Shangpung on the 16th of this month.
We also do not expect the Government of India to undermine the powers of the Hima authorities, village authorities, land owners and youth organizations in the region”.
Bah PN Syiem said he welcomes the decision of the High Court today and through this decision of the High Court today the government will not play with the districts. Council.
“I am confident of winning with a majority of not less than 2.50 lakh or more than 3 lakh votes,” said Conrad Sangma while announcing the start of the election campaign.
"Rida left the house to see.
He said that Modi should not force the youth to take the wrong decision and if the youth take the wrong decision the BJP should take responsibility. Hundreds of youths from Assam have joined the ULFA to oppose the CAB. “It's a good Samaritan for those Christians from abroad while for the Christians from India it's still worth a cow,” said Robertjune Kharjahrin.
Many of us will not be surprised if this political leader changes his clothes to wear another uniform if he gets the chance.
The ruling National People's Party (NPP) has announced the names of the candidates for the mid-term elections to the Legislative Assembly. The election will be held on the 30th March 2021 in all four constituencies including Mawryngkneng, Mawphlang and Rajabala.
However, Kong Suklin Dohling, intends to continue to promote this beverage later.
Shillong: U Hilarios Pohktai, 26, son of Kong Harlina Pohktai, who has lost his father, has been arrested. He has been sailing on the Umnot River since he was 10 years old to carry tourists.
In a letter sent to the two Ministers, Bah Nongrum said that as a leader of the people, he has received complaints from the Dorbar Shnong Jaïaw Pyllun, Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh and other villages. There is a famine in these days.
It is an impermanent material, changing color and shape up to 14 times.
Treimiki Passah 6' and Minikor Ryngkhlem 34' scored the second goal for Moodymmai.
According to US intelligence agencies, Egypt plans to send weapons to Russia for its invasion of Ukraine. Egypt's Abdel Fattah El-Sisi has held a meeting with defense officials to arrange for ammunition and gunpowder to be sent to Russia in the coming days.
Intelligent and business leaders as mentioned above will produce and create jobs and create laws for the livelihood of the poor so that they can buy all their necessities.
Many things he has done for us and I think many projects have been brought to Meghalaya through his hard work,” he said.
“If the aim to protect the Jaidbynriew fails, I will be the first person to take up arms to be like the Kaisor and not like the Kaikhlaw to fight from the forest but to fight inside the city,” he said. Adelbert said this while speaking at a meeting of KHNAM on the Inner Line Permit (ILP) on Saturday in Mawlai.
Rangsan once escaped from the beatings of his mother.
Through these modern, connected, and reliable service solutions and with the availability of Uptime services the company is now able to provide more than 98 % Uptime in all areas related to the transportation of goods and people across India.
Police to disperse the crowd and Sengbhalang after opening fire to prevent the protest against the public hearing in front of the former DC's office in Khliehriat.
The union has demanded that the state government led by Conrad K Sangma should take action on this issue so that it will open up opportunities for the people of the state in getting jobs.
When the market was opened in Smit, jhur was one of the first commodities to be sold in the market followed by other commodities such as kwai, tympew, soh ki pai, clothes. , various food items, household items such as pela, plates, working tools such as knives, knives, knives, jyntah jynber such as mluh, shyrmit and meat, fish and so on.
“Dear, I'll leave like this before your mother and father come, so that she won't be ashamed of what we're doing today.
The defending players were Sanvert Kurkalang, Amiangshu Sen, Tengcham Sangma and Lakhan Chettri.
The opponents (Khliehmawlieh) also played well in the first semifinal and their players worked hard and impressed the spectators in the first semifinal.
The human being who lives in this blue sky thinks and wants all these things.
He said that last year, the District Councils had come to talk to the State Government to request more time for the Delimitation Committee to arrange and divide the Constituencies according to the number of votes. .
He said the BJP will try as much as it can to regain power in the country and said that its purpose in introducing the bill is also to create a vote bank. .
Nongpoh, November 20: The NPP Nongpoh Constituency has strongly condemned the resignation of Bah Plielad Tiewsoh, the leader of the NPP in Ri-Bhoi Constituency. This statement of this man is baseless and unfounded, which is only a misunderstanding of the people of Nongpoh Constituency and the election process.
Two months after the efforts to find and recruit equal jobs (except for two) came again the sympathy and sorrow for the workers and various aid groups who have worked and suffered physically and spiritually.
The MDA Government includes the Seng Ri Lum, the Independents and now four INC MLAs who claim to want to improve the governance and performance of the Government have joined.
He said that last year only 2 out of 109 students of Shillong Law College passed the 6th Semester which means 99.8 percent of them were declared failed.
The winners of the competition were Wandamei, Elicia, Baiamutlang, Gracenylla Mary, Ram Lyngdoh, Tredicia and Rishanlang.
“We have strengthened our security and we hope that in the next 10 or 2 days we will be able to control the situation especially to maintain peace and order,” said the DC. They beat Phramer CC by 230 runs in the first semifinal of the District Cricket League (WJHDCA) which was held at Khliehtyrshi Stadium on 1st June.
For more information, please call 9378194223, 9366215391 (Teddy Laloo Secretary Sports MSGEF).
The Supreme Court has respected the Reasonable Restrictions, the Government of India has respected this until it has released the CAB from the States which have ILP (Reasonable Restrictions). “It is unacceptable that the Governor should act like this,” he said.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Pynïaid congratulated the KAS for its 44 years of hard work for the preservation, promotion and enrichment of the Khasi language.
Even in the current tournament, the Association has found it difficult to hold this badminton tournament due to the lack of adequate facilities.
In the morning, when it was dark, they all went to sleep in the same palong tiah, and they all covered themselves with a blanket, all night until the light of the sky, in the same room. .
Indradhanush Gas Grid Limited (IGGL), a joint venture between IOCL, ONGC, OIL, GAIL and NRL, has been authorized by the PNGRB under Section 16 and in accordance with the Policy Directives issued to the PNGRB by the Central Government under Section 42 of the PNGRB Act, 2006 through a letter dated 17th November, 2020 for the implementation of the North East Gas Grid (NEGG) Pipeline Project.
Colombian authorities said Tuesday that five politicians and a pilot of a small plane were killed after the plane they were on crashed in the middle of the country. of Colombia on that day.
Therefore, the union is very pleased to learn that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the State headed by Kong Ampareen as the Minister of Health and Family Welfare on 08/09/2 Approved for the construction of these two Health Sub Centres.
Furthermore, the group requested Bah Prestone to take action regarding the Sohra to Daithlen road which has been destroyed and which is a shame as hundreds of tourists pass through this road every day.
The partnership with the NSDC will strengthen Skill India Digital (SID)—an information portal to Government programs for the purpose of training and enabling students to learn not only literacy but also digital skills. you that jam.
“In this Act, it has been stipulated that in relation to the daughters and sons who have divorced their parents, who have married foreigners who have followed the customs and traditions of others, they shall no longer be allowed to give the inheritance of your parents," he said.
More than 90% of the findings from researchers have shown that this method of farming does not affect the fertility of the soil, and is also the best method of planting.
Speaking at the public meeting, Bah Roberjune Kharjahrin said that a nation that does not respect its customs and traditions is like a tree without bones, because a tree without bones is dead and a nation without customs. the custom is also dead.
“The price of 16, 12 and 10 grams of household steel in June is 56 tyngka per kilo.
She said that such offices should not be in Shillong.
They resigned on two grounds, one is because the Congress party has decided to withdraw its support to the PDF synrop in KHADC led by Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem as CEM. He was suspended for three years by the Congress party and another reason is because of the corruption scandal of the Executive Committee of KHADC which is under investigation.
In the Sub Junior Boys category, Mebandonlang Umsong (Lyngkyrdem), Bhabok Nongkhlaw (Upper Lumparing) and Givensamson Lyngdoh (Mawkyrwat) were the winners.
The Seng immediately after talking to the principal has sent a letter to the principal demanding that the law enforcement authorities should punish him severely and subject him to strict provisions of the law in relation to the Act. children are children.
The Congress is in India.
The Lamphang also urged the Minister to find more ways to transport the agricultural products of the people of the state besides the existing team, the 1917 iTEAMS. There has been a strong monitoring of the prices of beverages especially rice and dai and others in the state.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 18: The Mairang Town Auto Rickshaw Drivers Association (MaTORADA) has strongly condemned the killing of a young girl from Umthied Bynther. and three other robbers who were involved in the rape of a 17-year-old girl from Pyndengumiong village which happened on the same day in Mairang West Khasi Hills District.
The DoT confirms that these emergency alerts are part of the plan in this effort and do not really target the urgent need.
He said that the cow farmers need about 1200 thousand cows per month and the cows arrive at Khanapara market about 1400 cows per month.
Shillong: Shianivia Wahlang, an employee of the Pets Clinic in Laitumkhrah, has been confirmed positive for the virus.
The ADM i/c Sohra Civil Sub-Division has enforced Section 144 CrPC on the bridge, which prohibits heavy trucks from passing through the bridge. 207,407 small trucks and tractors will be allowed to pass.
This wind has collided with the rocks of the Khasi Hills and dropped rain,” he said.
Reading- Unity is strength.
He breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and the man became a living soul".
Anyone found violating these warnings will be punished according to local laws and government law enforcement authorities.
The Provincial of Shillong Province, Rev. Paul Orphindro Lyngkot, was accompanied by the newly elected Parish Priest, Rev. Fr. Henry Warbah and other priests who witnessed the ceremony. day.
Two people, including a 31-year-old woman and her 2-year-old child, were killed while sleeping in the explosion in Dnipro, authorities said. at that time.
Alexander and his troops did not dare to stand when they saw Porus' troops standing with strong weapons and horses.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that so far 10 people have tested positive for Covid-1 they are Covid patients.
These youths are now in shock and they said that they don't understand when they will be able to go home because sometimes they say tomorrow, sometimes they say tomorrow.
Lajong won the match through Sangti Jana in the 24th minute.
Shillong: Today, 26th October 2024, at about 9.30 pm, there was a report of armed men in a forest in Ranibari village.
The meeting, which was inaugurated by BJP President Amit Shah, discussed many issues related to the elections in the region.
Especially from Shillong, the people should elect an MP who is capable of advocating and explaining in the Lok Sabha.
The BJP today shocked the release of a video of Tej Bahadur Yadav, a BSF soldier, who has been dismissed and has registered to contest the elections. MP from Varanasi, on the party ticket, said he needs Rs 50 crore to shoot the prime minister.
On the other hand, B.Blah, Block Development Officer, Thadlaskein C&RD Block Cum Program Coordinator, said that during these three days, there will be a speech to the students of the school. Dr. Syiem, Brain Dali Kharphran and Dr. S. Pohsnem.
He said that the book published by the Publications Division of the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting is an attempt to showcase the great achievements of the freedom fighters of the North East.
In the letter, Conrad requested the Union Minister to direct the National Council for Teachers Education (NCTE) to include Khasi, Garo and Alternative English in the list so that students can learn English. to choose these Words and not to lose their rights and privileges.
“However, when we see again this decision of the Sports Department of the State, that it did not include the provision of a stadium according to the current standard, it is very sad.
The GSU has demanded the immediate release of the President of the GSU. “Daniel Khyriem is a brave young man and an example. for the benefit of the people of the state,” said Tengsak.
The college authorities said that this was done by a company that checked the dress code of the students before they entered the classroom.
On this occasion, the Wildlife Department also released photographs of the birds that have been captured around the area.
Shillong, July 14: Criticizing the report card of the NPP, the Minister of State for Skill Development and Entrepreneurship and Electronics & IT, Rajeev Chandrasekhar on Thursday said that it is a mistake of many. The Prime Ministers and many governments have nothing to show that they have to join hands with the schemes and works of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
Shillong: Congress MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday accused the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government of being a stubborn government, which does not even want to share in front of the Indian government. it puts the people in great darkness.
The purpose of these organizations was to meet with the Manager of the Toll Gate, to get an explanation on the inability to provide the documents at the Toll Gate, but the Manager, immediately On receiving information that the parties had collapsed, he fled himself, which angered these parties.
The third semifinal or qualifier 2 will be played on 12/12/2023 at 1.00 pm between Rymbai Skhenshynriah SC and Rymbai Iawpynsing SC. December.
Shillong, October 30: U Deep Biswas on Tuesday raped a 6 year old girl at Lumshyiap Nongmynsong, Shillong.
When inquired whether the candidate is from the NPP or from other parties, the answer was, “It will be announced soon,” he said. " say sources.
“However, in terms of following the laws of the central government, we have to follow them to protect because when we do anything, we should not destroy but we should protect,” he said.
Umjaraiñ Hot Spring and Mawpait FC (Rangthong) have started their first match of the tournament but have not been able to score their goals despite many attempts. to score their goals and until the end of the match both the teams could not score 0 to 0 goals.
One side led by the BJP and its allies and the other side led by the Congress and its allies known as the Meghagatbandhan or the Grand Alliance.
"Yes, it's been a long time, Kongthei," replied Lanosha and sat down to feed her.
On the other hand, the patients said that many of those who became ill had eaten pork during the wedding feast.
Nongpoh: Three dead pigs have been broken by robbers inside the property of Bah Friendship Langbang, at Khasi Killing village. On the way to Jorbil Killing, I went to Tamulkuchi.
“He listened carefully and we handed over the documents,” said Bah Ernest Mawrie.
The Waheh Shnong Khimusniang, members of KYKWM and others were present on the occasion.
During the programme, doctors from the army and civilians conducted an examination and distributed medicines to the low income residents of Bholaganj, Bholaganj, Newcomer, Chakrablast and Kurikhal.
The KSU Leader said that the KSU recently met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who informed that the Central Government has returned the MRSSAB, 2020 with clarification questions. .
Life is full of suffering and hardship.
“I am confident that this re-announcement of the advertisement for vacancies by the MPSC is only the beginning of the Roster System in various departments of the Government and from now on I hope that the MPSC will re-announce the Roster System. one advertisement for the posts of LDA Secretariat, Veterinary Officer and Junior Divisional Accountant; I also hope that the Central Recruitment Board of Meghalaya Police will re-advertise the vacant posts of Constable, so that the youth of the state will not lose their rights regardless of their ethnicity,” he said. Mr. Adelbert's opinion.
Through these two meetings, the three NPP MLAs have been able to address the people and urged the people to support them at this juncture. At these meetings, she encouraged the NPP MLAs, because of the turnout of the people to support the NPP and especially to win the election. The NPP candidate for the upcoming MP elections.
The books include short stories, stories about great men, and other stories written in English, Khasi, Garo and Hindi.
PHH rice will be distributed at the rate of 5 Kg per head, free of charge.
Therefore, the Seng invites all the dancers, both men and women, to take part in this festival which is a sign of thanksgiving to God.
No classes are taken for those who have suffered a tragic incident in their family.
Regarding the shooting death of four residents of Mukroh, the Minister said that the investigation is ongoing and the case has been registered at Nartiang police station.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 50575 out of which 45074 have recovered and 849 have died.
To show that they are really wise, the people of this age, should really reveal to the world to change completely after the 2023 MLA elections.
Aizawl: Prayers were held across Mizoram to block the passage of the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill in the Rajya Sabha, the Rajya Sabha said. Presbyterian church's Mizoram Synod.
Many villages have prepared Community Quarantine Centers like Mawryngkneng, Umphrup, Mawtharia, Ponlakrai and others.
Mawkyrwat, March 10: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District today announced that the District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA) in collaboration with the State Disaster Management Authority (SDMA) will conduct a mock drill on u Jumai and earthquake across the state including Mawkyrwat on the 12th of March,
In the city, people are more intelligent than us in the countryside in many ways.
The KSU Central Body (KSU) has built this well to encourage the children to stay in the 7th Child Care Institute (CCU) at Tuberkmaishnong, East Jaintia Hills District. Lambok S Marngar inaugurated the well on Tuesday at a short meeting held at the ground floor of the children's home.
Proper and healthy nutrition can have many benefits on mental health.
Therefore, the Seng strongly warns against any contractors who bring in foreign workers and remember “Like a bsein after being cleaned it has turned against us”.
Therefore, to bring about cooperation between the citizens and the government, this rule or law should be repealed immediately.
It is very difficult to feed and look after all these cows alone, so I, who am able to read, have had many reasons to help and look after these cows.
The meeting was also attended by the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes IAS, and other district government officials to explain the purpose and objectives of the Viskit Bharat Sankalp Yatra. program.
In the first quarter-final, East Jaintia Hills beat North Garo Hills 7-0 with Rushia Dkhar scoring hat-tricks (33min, 50th and 58min).
“The Principal said that Wanboklang recently took part in the KHADC program held in Shillong while Phibankyntiew took part in the Teachers' Day programme.
On the issue of Fasttag in the past few days, Bah Tynsong said that the Fasttag has been implemented in the past few days and the problem will continue. , but the state government has already directed the Project Director of NHAI not to disturb the people.
Referring to the allegations of corruption and corruption since the MDA government came to power, Dr Sangma said that only the TMC can free the state from corruption.
The Bapli has not yet decided whether it will join hands with the other political parties in the MDA government. Even the UDP and HSPDP, the state political parties. The older ones, ours, will also find it difficult to get enough candidates to contest in this MP election, which will be held soon.
More than 60 youths of Mawklot village who have just been registered on the Electoral Roll attended the event.
Shillong, Nailar, 07: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Roads) and Power Department today said that the site for the construction of the bridge will be inspected soon. Dam Umïam to drive vehicles from the new Dam and not from the old Dam which immediately floods the water.
When there are problems in the field of health, education, society, peace and others, Jemino remains silent.
In this battle, Pa'iem Tirot Singh's troops killed two chiefs of the Bengal Artillery, Lieutenant R. Bedingfield and Lieutenant Phillip Bowles Burlton.
(a) When they were hungry, God sent down manna from heaven until the Israelites could no longer eat. (b) When they were thirsty, God gave Moses the power to tie them up. (k) When they wanted to eat meat, God sent 'yiarkhiar'
Until now, there are no satellites that can take strong images, but Planet Labs has these images that can take clear images of images as small as 72 cm (28 inches) and This shows a clear picture of the area, which was bombed by Indian troops.
The turnout in these three constituencies till 11 am was 28.39 percent.
Manbha Kumar Haijam Syiem has been arrested by the police recently in connection with the death of Victoria Kharkongor.
Hadrian said that even before the Syiem goes to the Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, he should have asked for permission from the Executive Member of the Khasi District Council.
Shillong, June 22: Sangita Marak, a mother of two children, has fought hard to win the Mrs Vogue Star 2023 title. The beauty pageant among women was held in Jaipur from 14th to 16th June,
Garo Hills has now not only been able to conduct the public examinations of all schools in Meghalaya but from now on, it has also been able to conduct all the colleges and universities in the state of Meghalaya because of the government. It wants to impose on all schools, colleges and universities within the state not to be affiliated to the state university.
He said that during the meeting with the police in these three districts of Assam, police from Meghalaya were accompanied by police from Meghalaya to seek assistance in finding Bah Justin.
KHNAM also alleged that under the leadership of Bah Pynshngaiñ, up to 450 licenses have been issued to foreigners according to the RTI received by the HYC. “It's illegal because the license was issued without proper documents,” said Bah Pyndap.
There are six Congress, six UDP, four HSPDP, one BJP and one NCP MDCs in the KHADC.
Shillong, Iaiong 7: Fourteen foreign workers have died after they threw poisonous soh at their workplace.
Shillong: The Jaiaw Pyllun Dorbar Shnong has demanded that the State Government and MeECL should immediately stop the load shedding and the implementation of smart meters in the State.
The erection of the male and female monuments, religious and monumental monuments began immediately with the encouragement of the example of Marphalangki, a powerful chief of Nartiang who was specially chosen by the Syiem of Jaintiapur as his man. King of the kingdom.
Because the children are descended from the father, the children are inherited from the father and not from the mother as in other races.
“Yes, we cannot confirm, they may be more than 13 or less, we will be able to confirm until we get them,” said Bah Mawthoh.
I say before you all that from now on my relationship with Banisha will grow stronger until the time comes when we will reach glory.
Doctors at Sao Lucas Hospital informed police on Tuesday about the incident when Rodrigues went for treatment with her newborn baby. and that she is in good health and does not need to be examined.
He also visited the eye patients and other diseases, which people themselves have, and advised the residents to eat foods that will build their health. the body needs them to be strong and healthy.
Shillong, March 5 : The Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE) of the Union Government has convened all the Ministers of Electricity Departments to address the electricity shortage in the state and the North East. of the states of the region in New Delhi on Friday to discuss and exchange views on the issue.
In Dkhar or other states in India, the government owns the land and it is easy to digitize the land titles.
Ardent said that a stun grenade was fired by the police at a shop.
Butlers take money from candidates.
In fact, always, the rain should continue to fall this November.
Manstudy Nongrem and other elders.
The Meghalaya High Court, while hearing the case on Tuesday, said it is necessary to call in the Central Armed Police Forces (CAPF) to stop the illegal mining and illegal trade in coal in the state.
To any person to any nation to hear the Gospel of God's eternal love for the people of the world, to any nation to hear the message of salvation through Jesus Christ.
Khliehriat, Nailur 3 : Dr Phervision Nongtdu is one of the most prominent leaders in Jaintia Hills and the state. He is the Principal of Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat. This story about Shitang Rymbai is taken from the book 'The New Rymbai District' written by Dr Phervision Nongtdu.
Police say two people committed the crime at 8 pm.
Speeches were also delivered by Homer Kharkongor, President UDP Mawlai Circle, Franky Massar, Teibok Kharkongor and others.
“If it is not the appointment of jobs in the government department, the allocation to support the family of the victim should be adequate,” said PAC Chairman Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
In a statement, the Minister in charge of Public Health Engineering (PHE) Marcuise N.Marak said, “The department has made progress and our goal is to fully implement the We have provided drinking water to 6.51 lakh households and we have provided water tanks to 3.10 lakh households, which is now 47.69 per cent.
We should get the fruit of our demand,” said Kong Angela.
However, he said that the state police have taken all the necessary steps to complete the case and send it to the court for further investigation.
According to information, Bah HS Shylla, who is the leader of the EC of Bah PN Syiem, has rejected the proposal for the post of Deputy CEM because he wants the EC of the PDF to be strong.
There were allegations that Azad led the crowd from Jama Masjid to Delhi Gate.
Shillong, March 08: The missing items from the Captain Williamson Sangma State Museum at the State Central Library have not been found yet.
It is important that we understand the meaning of the word democracy because there are many citizens who do not understand its value and origin.
He said that no one should be underestimated and no one should be allowed to discriminate against anyone and Maieid has already seen what is behind Bah Jyndiang and why should we continue? doubt we are the people.
“I would like to request you to release me from this post and also to accept my resignation letter,” she said.
When he saw that Bah Kharkrang had acted unbelievably after he had sent him a letter, he tried again for the last time to call him. Kharkrang asked for time to pay the remaining amount of money and wrote a Promissory Note voluntarily. Please note that on 31/8/2016 and the deadline is November
He said that the reason for this protest is because the demand has not reached anywhere yet and this has made the people hesitate to trust the state government which is not working. to listen to the voice of the people.
“We have also received the allocation for the mini secretariat and the work has started so we have to wait for about a year and a half to complete the mini secretariat before we can relocate the office,” he said. he added again.
A 45-year-old woman cut off her hair and donated it to a temple in Madhya Pradesh, police said.
Royal Wahingdoh have managed to hold on to the third position of the tournament for the first time under the leadership of Santosh Kashyap this year.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The meeting between the employees of Dr H Gordon Roberts Hospital and the KJP Assembly today was not completely successful as the employees did not receive a satisfactory answer.
They demanded a Call Attention Motion to intensify the discussion on the deterioration of the road and to request the Symbud Myntri, Prestone Tyngsong, as well as the Minister of PWD, to explain why the road has been deteriorated. NHAI has rejected these demands, which is like the government's silence on behalf of the people of East Jaintia Hills District.
“He is a man who has inspired many, and by working with him, we will be able to attract many talented children,” said Prabhakaran.
Twenty-five schools from the district who took part in the Meghalaya Youth Survey 2022 were also honored and will be given soft skills training under Aspire Meghalaya.
At present, Umkiang PHC has to look after and serve more than 16 villages with more than 15,000 residents, and it is the only health center in the border areas that has to provide health facilities. to the paid residents.
About 68 percent of the state's electricity generation is environmentally friendly.
While visiting these border villages, the Chief Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, said that the police have informed the village leaders, VDPs and the residents of these border villages. , because as the Police want to have a cooperation between the Police and the people in the villages on the border of Meghalaya-Assam, so that we can prevent this covid.
The truck driver said that the BSF troops got out of the truck and that's when the shooting started, which happened at around 11 pm on 5th January.
Referring to the government's failure to release the names of the police involved in the raid, he said, “As the house has been destroyed because they know who is involved, we also agree with that. The names of the victims will be in danger because this is only the findings of the investigation or the report is not a final decision or verdict and as the family demands to be prosecuted. “We also stand firm on the same basis,” he said.
The dorbar also elected Phaisar Kso as General Secretary, Steal Siangshai as Chairman, Koina Dkhar as Treasurer, Wailad Ryngkhlem as Vice Chairman and 21 Executive Members.
And Zacharias said unto the angel, Whereby shall I know this? for I am an old man, and the days of my wife are many.
These buses also have GPS and LED screens to show their destinations.
Aizawl: Mizoram Chief Minister Zoramthanga has apologized to the people of the state after his daughter shot a doctor at a pharmacy in his pharmacy. all around.
The reason why these youths shot Bina was because she had forbidden them to play football at Golflink in a clean area where the club management does not allow them to play.
Regarding the above statements on behalf of the Union, we express our strong opposition to the illegal construction of public buildings and urge the Government to come forward and explain to the public the measures it will take. on these things.
On the other hand, Balen Thubru, President of the All Jaintia Cements and Clinker Transporters' Association, said that after a thorough discussion, the decision was taken to warn against the transporters of coal. who import coal from abroad.
“Even now, the UDP unit in Nongkrem has not informed me when they learned that I am ready to contest the 2023 election from Nongkrem Constituency,” he said.
“Look here, the foundation stone is still open but the construction of the school building is in full swing.
The party leaders have expressed confidence that in 2018 they will hold power in the state by forming a government with other parties except the Congress.
"For the smooth running of the administration of the indigenous people within the Hima and the land of the Hima and also for the proper implementation of the United Khasi Jaintia Hills Autonomous District. Therefore, we remind you that you must remove the Bashemphang Thabah from the Khet Lyngdoh of the Hima Sohiong within seven days from the date of receipt of this letter,” said the petition. “We are saddened to see the failure of him (Bashemphang Thabah) as a ruler which has shattered the reputation of the entire Hima.
Police have recovered another unexploded IED bomb from the roadside. Marak said that in fact two bombs were planted but only one exploded. .
Shillong, Nailar 22: The State Sports Council (SSC) has constructed and improved 25 football grounds in the year 2015-16 at a cost of more than T.4.15 crore.
The closing date will be June 11, 2022 and the start date of the tournament will be June 18,
MePDCL, on 12th June 2021, through its office, has sent a letter to six villages including Ummulong, Wahiajer, Mukhla Mission, Mukhla Shohshrieh, Mukhla Umlangshor, Lad Mukhla without prior notice to the villagers; However, it was said that the company's staff will come to install the smart meter in these days.
He urged the youth to make good use of the skills they have already been trained as it will be a blessing to their future.
The incidents occurred in two villages in Yalal area of ​​Vikarabad district of Telangana during heavy rains, police said.
Shops, public meetings and government and private offices in the area have also been closed.
This, I would like to remind you, is the greatest threat to any society or nation.
In the past few days, we have seen that the CEM, has said that foreigners, should ask permission from the KHADC before entering, but this too, is just a dream, because the The KHADC has been waiting for them to report the incident, but it has not happened.
Up to 22 teams or clubs from all over the area have come to take part in the tournament.
Premier League champions Manchester City have withdrawn from a bid for the player after a £90m bid was rejected.
The mother, Tamika Thomas, while talking to the media, said that the employees of the pharmacy killed both her children.
Since 1900, the Khasi language has been recognized by Calcutta University as a subject of study at Entrance Level and Degree Level since 1919, while scholars at NEHU have been allowed to write Khasi. Theses and dissertations in the Khasi language since
Shillong, Jymmang 21: U Mukul Sangma has denied that he has sent people to talk to the HNLC leaders and has alleged that this is a fabricated statement without any truth.
We have come to misery, suffering, despair and loss.
"He said as it is now they are just making trouble, distributing trouble and this is not the first time.
“We expect that we will be able to move forward with this work and soon as I said it will take a little time, that is only after the elections, and we expect that we will be able to convey the good news to the people,” he said. said.
To meet the needs of their families, they had to withdraw all the money they had in the bank.
These 14 medals include 7 gold, 4 silver and 3 bronze medals.
The incident happened at 12:30 pm, when the police searched for the truck but could not find anyone in the truck. an.
From the Name of the Kingdoms, the Hebrews of the Northern Kingdom were also called “Israel” and the Hebrews of the Southern Kingdom were also called “Yehudim” or “Jews”.
Later, former Health Minister Lalrinliana Sailo resigned along with BD Chakma, who decided not to contest on the Congress ticket.
While Mawkhar FC had strengthened their chess, Nangkiew FC tried to score again and this happened after Taro scored the second goal from for the group.
The death toll is from EKH: 06, EJH: 02 and WJH:
Leicester City have confirmed today that Srivaddhanaprabha's youngest daughter was not present at the time of the crash.
There have been questions on the company's Facebook page about the failure to deliver the goods bought by people from Nagaland. “We are sorry to learn of your problem.
It is a fact that in all the villages the drunkards are considered to be the lowest in society.
He said that to demand the right to be a solansor through the Reservation Policy according to the number of paid will maintain the mutual respect among the ethnic groups in the state, so that the future generations will be happy and peaceful.
Then there is the problem of lack of proper salary of SSA, Adhoc and other teachers.
Other members of NESO are All Assam Students' Union (AASU), Naga Students' Federation (NSF), Mizo Zirlai Pawl (MZP), Twipra Students' Federation (TSF), All Manipur Students' Union (AMSU), Garo Students’ Union (GSU) and All Arunachal Pradesh Students’ Union (AAPSU).
All those who spoke on the occasion, including the MLA of Nongpoh, praised the initiative taken by the Seng Samla Shnong Umden Nongtluh, as it is indeed one of the programmes. which is very meaningful, especially in relation to the behavior of young people in this age.
When the Word of God speaks, the fire burns even in the water, the fire of heaven, the fire of God burns away the powers of the devil.
Shillong: A truck driver has been robbed and shot dead in Tamabil, while he was parking his vehicle at a market near Dawki, according to sources.
Leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) under the leadership of Lambokstarwell Marngar have met with James PK Sangma to seek clarification on the delay in the construction of the Shillong Medical College. .
“The authority to look after the areas where the AFSPA is not implemented is in the Executive, whether it is the State Government or the Central Government,” said Angela Ryngad. which was issued on 2nd November and recommended to the Central Government to implement the AFSPA in Lum Garo.
However, without thinking, he has been misled, but even so, the supporters of the Congress will not change at all but will remain as they are.
As soon as he opened the door of the shop, he was covered with powdered sohmarit, in which his eyes, beard and speech could no longer work and he could no longer see anything but he could only hear. The robbers damaged the entire shop so that they could rob the shop.
The resurrection of Christ gives people the hope of being resurrected with Christ one day.
Many of its members are also drop-outs.
On the other hand, Bah Disparsing expressed his surprise that the Chief Minister has said that the government will not be able to talk peace with the HNLC and the way is open for it only if it comes to surrender. Dispar said he is surprised that the government has talked peace with the three rebel groups in Lum Garo, but why doesn't the government accept to talk peace with the HNLC? Dispar Singh said he will inform the HNLC through Facebook that he will not accept the proposal.
Upon receiving the letter of the expert committee on the Reservation Policy, Ardent called a public meeting to announce that he has ended the strike with prayer.
A nation without a country, land and shyiap is like a family without a home.
Jowai, July 23: Students of Kiang Nangbah Government College, today took to the streets to carry placards and express their strong opposition to the State Government which has refused to admit classes to these students. I have passed my SSLC and HSSLC this year.
She said that he had said that he would start swar first from Laban and end at her house, and this too he did not come.
We are waiting for the Government to set the date of the meeting,” said Gurjit Singh, Secretary of the Harijan Panchayat Committee.
On this basis, it is better for us to find a way or prepare in advance to leave peacefully, that is, to walk our own path.
Another training given to the farmers in the village was on how to make medicines such as Lacto Acid Bacteria (LAB) and Indigenous Micro Organisms (IMO).
According to the drivers, due to the poor condition of the vehicles, the traffic has been blocked many times and the traffic jam has also disrupted the traffic.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said the government has given the authority over the funds to the Secretary of the Lokayukta in accordance with the rules of law.
Many of those who came forward to take part in the blood donation, Bah Vivek Khongsti, after completing the blood donation, said; “This voluntary blood donation is part of the celebration of Environment Month which is not only to protect the environment but also to protect our fellow human beings.
He said that in these days there have been trees that have fallen on the houses of people and vehicles because they have fallen from the wind.
On the occasion, Bah Beyond said that social media platforms including Youtube these days are a source of employment for the children and youth who know how to use it, not only in music but also in other fields. others can also act to entertain the audience.
However, no one will encourage us to continue playing in the final,” said Remy Kharshandi, who will have to undergo treatment on the 5th of this month for a hand injury.
In the United States, more than 1,000 people have died in the past four days.
From the 15th Finance Commission Award Basic Grant, 24 work orders have been submitted to various departments and 17 of these have been implemented.
Speaking to media on Tuesday after inspecting the signboard with the CCIB leaders, the Chief Executive Member of KHADC said that a letter will be sent tomorrow to the Deputy. Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District to immediately stop the signage.
Ahmedabad: A BJP candidate contesting the 2024 Lok Sabha elections from Gujarat may become the first candidate to win the 2024 Lok Sabha elections, after all the candidates contesting against him. in this election they have lost their names.
Jowai, November 20: The increase in the price of beef and pork in Jowai has caused the buyers to complain from time to time but the district administration has not listened to the sellers. The Price Monitoring Committee (DMC) today decided to increase the price of beef to 300 tyngka for meat without bones and 260 tyngka for meat without bones.
On his part, he congratulated the youth who have worked hard for the good of the village and the village as a whole and warned that he will never allow them to do their jobs. He also urged the residents to be vigilant and if there is anything suspicious please report immediately.
When we talk about corruption, we often blame only the leaders, the MLAs or MDCs and sometimes the government officers, but when we look closely, we think that corruption has now entered. in all areas from community affairs, household affairs, organizational affairs and others, which has really affected the human beings in the state and the region as a whole.
These are only the first revelations from the mountain.
Speaking to reporters on the same day, Haniyeh said Hamas will not surrender no matter how much Israel uses force but Israel's intention is to attack Hamas. his family is wrong because at this time Hamas and Israeli officials are preparing for peace talks and to bring about good in the coming days.
This order shall come into force immediately until the end of the elections.
Efty United XI and Lion Sports Youth Affairs have qualified for the final of the Open To All Cricket Tournament organized by the West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WJHDCA) at Khliehtyrshi Ground.
The group conducts a cleaning of the river once a year and also puts warnings and requests that all those who use the water from the river should be clean and maintained so that the water from the river will be clean. and which can be used in any area and warn especially the fishermen not to harm the river and the fish but to take good care of the fish for the sake of preservation.
"All of a sudden he came to meet me," said Deng. "Do you mean he invited you to work like he does?" “Yes, you tell me that this job is good because there are times when you don't get a lot of money,” said Deng. Deng's permission.
The deceased was identified as Dribon Mukhim, 47, while the deceased was identified as Rilan Mukhim, 49, at NEGIRIMS Hospital Shillong. I am the child who was injured in this incident.
Shillong: Chirup Ha U Khrist, a group of children from Iooksi, West Jaintia Hills, who work, study and live in Shillong, as a Christmas gift to a young woman from Iooksi. Dwarfism, by donating money so that she can start her own business and stand on her own feet in the future.
On the night of July 24, 2015, at around 9 pm, two policemen who lived near the police chief, heard the sound and at first thought it was a bomb. .
There is no development in core/basic infrastructure, and there is no inability to curb the spread of drugs (which is beyond other forces with malicious intentions). ka Jaidbynriew) and others which we don't know whether they are progression or regression...As mentioned above, in the first step we have passed halfway through the “Hill State” of Meghalaya.
As we know, there are three District Councils in Mizoram and the ILP is also in force along with Article 371(G).
Replying to this, the Minister said that in the last 50 years, we have witnessed many incidents in the border areas and this is the result of the border dispute and the inability to resolve the border. share.
He said that the first vaccine has already been given to doctors and health workers and if the vaccine really has an impact as people have said, it means all these doctors and health workers. Health workers are suffering and who will take care of the people now.
He said that the talks with the buyers have been fruitful and he expects that there will be no discrimination against the farmers.
On the other hand, the women MLAs and MDCs will contest the election including Dr Saralin Dorphang from Mawhati constituency and Elgiva Gwyneth Rynjah from North Shillong.
“This unfair behavior of UCIL and the Government of India has caused panic, confusion among the people of the area, puts the people in danger and is a threat to the people,” he said. The HYC South West Khasi Hills District (HYC) has made it clear that the HYC together with the people will never allow the Government of India and UCIL to mine uranium in the country. the State.
In the past few months, the SRT teams have been providing assistance across the state, both in the city and in the rural areas when the residents encounter any cases where they need emergency assistance.
The meeting was conducted by Allmiki Ryngkhlem, Vice President EJNC-CEC. The meeting was confirmed by Sambormi Lyngdoh, President EJNC Central Body.
However, the government led by the NPP, BJP, UDP, etc. has changed the language by making Hindi the 1st language by allowing the Governor to speak in Hindi. .
The question is whether these have been built and when they will be built.
They tied the bombs and threw stones, They spoke all kinds of words; They didn't count the blood of the villages.
Perhaps there will be a C.E.M.-u Manga who has been there, who will be able to use “Nga”.
Speaking at the meeting, the Rangbah Shnong of Bataw, Bah Skhem Sumer, the President of Bataw Youth Welfare SC, Bah Martin Lyngdoh and the Secretary of the Club, Bah Almight Biam, congratulated the youth. Halen Nongtdu to continue his career in football and expressed their happiness that this youngster has brought glory to the district and the state as a whole. The villagers also thanked Streamly Suchen, Shaniahskhem Dkhar and others who have helped the Sport Club in many ways.
Guwahati: Two more cases of coronavirus have been confirmed in Assam, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
The decision of the Government of Gujarat is against the principles and the Government of Gujarat has violated the guidelines of the Central Government to the State Governments regarding the release of prisoners.
However, when we look closely, there is no strict implementation of those decisions.
Syed Nishat Fatima, who has been recognized by the BCCI as the coach of the Meghalaya Under-19 Cricket Team, has passed the coaching qualification test and has been appointed as the coach of the Meghalaya Under-19 Cricket Team. enter for Level
Two Bihar nationals were arrested with a drug weighing 71.476 kilos.
Since the GREF left the road, the people who pass through the road have faced many difficulties in coming and going, due to the lack of attention of the government department to repair the road. u road from time to time.
Speaking at the meeting, Macmillan Kharbani recalled that in 2010, he and his colleagues had met with Dr. Mukul Sangma to help improve the road. His hard work has led to the construction of the National Highway from Shillong to Tura which has made it easier for the people to travel.
The NEP will be used as a tool to spread the Hindu nationalist agenda.
Before going inside, rinse your hair with 3 tablespoons of apple cider vinegar and 2 tablespoons of water. shy.
Now, let us turn to the 2-Tura PC. The best thing is that the allies in the MDA should unite in their minds to nominate only one candidate.
The arrested suspect was identified as Patjim Kharsyiemlieh. Police have received a complaint from Rica Cherry Nongtnger, 35, resident of Mawlai Nongkwar. against this man.
US Vice President Kamala Harris has taken part in Jennifer Hudson's talk show. Earlier, Kamala took part in Stephen Colbert's talk show.
This happened in Kynshi Village and other villages in Mawthadraishan Block.
“And all the filmmakers should be vigilant because this age of technology has made it easier for those who intend to commit illegal acts and also makes it easier to find those who commit illegal acts.
This is the life and health of the people and the livelihood of the state.
In a statement, Bah Pningstar Wanñiang said that the meeting will discuss how to strengthen the party and reunite the supporters who have been scattered in the past years.
To accomplish all these things.
The problem of many school children is that they are more reluctant to take Khasi subject in schools, because they have been given the opportunity to choose other subjects such as Alternative English. It has become a great source of inspiration for the Khasi language so that it can enter the minds of all the children.
There are many cases of violence and violence that this government has deceived, taken advantage of and misled the people.
WAYS TO INCREASE GOOD CHOLESTEROL LEVEL. SOME FOODS THAT CAN HELP REDUCE CHOLESTEROL. US President Joe Biden has declared this month as Action Month. He said it is a month of action and this is in the efforts to get the public vaccinated against the corona virus.
In this incident, an MP of the Ruling Party was killed by the crowd after shooting at several civilians with a pistol.
Nature is a source of inspiration for Ma Kerios Wahlang and this has led her to visit Lawkyntang Mawphlang and walk on foot to Lum Sohpetbneng every year. even until they began to grow old.
There are also those who say that Trump doesn't wear zip pants, but wears elastic pants, which can be pulled when necessary.
Niaw Wasa is also the team that won the Super Division Football League last season.
After this, in the evening, the Langdoh will visit the Khnong Blai, bring with him the Pyrnah and the Pyrjin to thank the Creator for the orderly rituals, followed by the Bam Tyngkong. Before all these, in the morning, the Wasan went to the Muhor of Kynthiar as part of the contribution of the phra kur phra kmai of the seiñ Raij to the religious work. The Raij fed the Sangia in their own houses.
Andrew said that the publication of the book is after four years of hard work to prepare about the life and work of Kyndiah as Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Meghalaya on Thursday celebrated World Bee Day under the theme “Promote Bee Keeping: Increase Farmers' Income and Ensure Sustainability of Life”.
Amlarem, Lber 23: After 18 years, the Nongtalang Amlariang Sub-Division has held again the Drama Theatre.
He proclaimed the Shai Sngi despite many difficulties and ups and downs in its journey, but it survived until it celebrated its 10th anniversary.
He said the allocation for the budget was T.205 crore but it was temporarily increased to T.455 crore through an ordinance earlier and now the bill needs to be taken to the House for approval.
Union Minister for Social Justice and Empowerment Thaawarchand Gehlot conducted the meeting.
The total number of cases has risen to 27,67,273 and the death toll to 52,8
Their mother, Jumonlang Suchiang, 43, was shifted to Nazareth Hospital in Shillong along with her 11-month-old son.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said, “I would like to assure you once again that the State Government and the Central Government stand firm and want to continue the talks with the HNLC so that peace and stability can be maintained. ".
The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has also alleged that the NHAI has neglected to repair the road. causing physical illness to the passengers and complaints about the impact to the drivers who pass and stand every day in the area.
Bah Amazing said that he has the ability to speak at public meetings because he has a spirit of not being afraid of anyone as a Khasi elder, but of fearing only God.
On Monday, the HNYF Pynursla Circle visited the area to investigate the truth and when the HNYF reached the scene, it found that the HNYF Pynursla Circle had informed the police. the leaders are true and that there is a bridge.
However, all the candidates have settled in each village in the constituency.
“However, the president will soon involve the executive committees of the country and the management of government offices.
Tailin Lyngdoh was thrown out of the restaurant by the employees of the Delhi Golf Club on July 25 in Delhi.
Many students have expressed their difficulty in going to their examination centers at Nongtalang in Amlarem and some have to go to Jowai and Shillong, said Riki and urged the Minister to provide vehicles to all the students. school.
The Congress MP from Shillong, Bah Vincent H. Pala, who is also the President of the MPCC, has admitted that the Congress will not win well this time as it won only 5 seats in the MLA elections last year. He admitted that the people still love the Congress no matter what.
“It is a pleasure that the wind of change has blown in Meghalaya for 2018,” said Alphonse while speaking at the public meeting.
He said this election is the beginning of the NPP in Mizoram and it will work harder in these days in the state.
Rajya Sabha MP from Meghalaya Dr WR Kharlukhi on Tuesday said that the Central Government will have to fight to resolve the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya if the two states cannot reach the border dispute. understanding between them.
The maintenance of the dam and the embankment can cause little trouble to the passengers and the dam and embankment are expected to last for another 40 and 50 years after their maintenance.
Active Pator said that he is deeply saddened by the border crossing by Assam in some of the border villages in Ri Bhoi Sepngi, because as the party feels that Assam should not come. These boundaries should be erected, because the demarcation of the boundaries is not yet clear and the central government has not yet given the exact decision.
“We need to know whether the first amendment has been passed or not and if so how without mentioning anything in the current bill,” they said.
“We have also seen that even MPs who do not speak Khasi have raised this issue in Parliament,” he said, adding that now that the elections are approaching, everyone will take advantage of this.
There is Nongkhnum village in this area where there are about 11 households.
Nongkseh, the Raid of Basan Nongkseh, was chosen as the Capital of the Hima Shillong and the Iing Sad of the Shillong Syiems was built surrounded by moats at Myrshan. Taxpayer.
On the other hand, the Chief Electoral Officer of the State, Bah FR Kharkongor, said that after collecting information especially the police, it was found that there are 323 polling stations which are very crowded. and 640 polling stations are those that have been voted for.
Joe Marwein and Banri F. Lyndoh, Senior Karatekas, will be the chief guests at the opening and closing ceremony.
However, until now, it is not known what is the meaning of the erection of this stone and then to erect it in this place and it is also assumed that this stone will be the stone that exists. of the mind, but until now, no one has known.
JAC-NEHU will meet with the Vice Chancellor (VC), Prof. PS Shukla on Friday at the Conference Hall of the VC at 11:30 pm.
Many other missions have been implemented such as Honey Mission, Milk Mission, Mushroom Mission, Aroma Mission, Spice and Pineapple Mission and at least 25,000 farmers have benefited.
The Minister of Home Affairs said that he was ready to answer all the questions of the Members of Parliament.
Their deadline will end tomorrow.
However, that too did not work because they said, "The sha is no longer because it is too far away.
Shillong, November 17: The Border Welfare Association (BWA) East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday approved the renewal of its office bearers. spirit is the Rangbah of this area.
If the sky is dark,they are also dark in colour.
After the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the government will not affect the Reservation Policy but only the Roster System, the Vice President of the Voice of the State People's Party (VPP) Dr Ricky Syngkon said that the discussion on the Roster System is meaningless without the Reservation Policy.
Besides Airmarshall Diengngan, there are other candidates like Mighter Marwein, Independent Candidate, PK Raswai from UDP, Lamphrang Kharbani Independent Candidate and the incumbent MDC. Mansturdy Nongrum is from the Congress.
At present, the MC and teachers have not started the construction of the school and it is believed that it will affect the children in terms of education, as they do not receive adequate education. like other children who attend other schools.
It was in this thought that I remembered a story written in the book 'Phawer U Aesop' which was translated by Soso Tham about “THE BLOODMAN AND THE MINISTER”. There are also words of advice from this story entitled “WHEN YOU ARE MYLLEN”.
At the same time, the union has held a meeting with the doctor In-charge of the Dispensary with the participation of the Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong and also the elders of the area to discuss this issue. It was also decided to hold another meeting on the 5th of this month.
Nongpoh, March 17: Two villages in Ri Bhoi District, Umraleng and Umjymphod, Umsning Constituency, today complained about the lack of electricity supply for more than six months. The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of MePDCL, Western Circle Division, Bah C.Challam, has met with the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of MePDCL, Western Circle Division. village.
He said that he has written to the MLA of Mawshynrut twice but he has not believed.
In these decades, although we have mined and earned money from coal, oil and other minerals, we have not been able to build proper sports grounds or establish large and strong football teams. that is the treasure we have accumulated.
According to the petition submitted to the DC, the HYC has demanded that those who authorized the burning of rnga should be immediately punished by the Nepalis in Niangdai, Wahpipa and Lawhuleng.
Khliehriat, June 21: Rangad Village is one of the villages in East Jaintia Hills District which has many beautiful places which are beautiful and have the potential to become a tourist destination. The Dorbar Shnong Rangad, in the past years, has taken steps to preserve these ancient monuments and to turn them into tourist attractions.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 462 new cases have been confirmed and 4558 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
Jowai: The DC of East Jaintia Hills District today announced that the Wapung C&RD Block has been relocated to Khiehriat. Sniawbhalang Dhar was transferred from Khliehriat to Wapung during the tenure of Dr. Mukul Sangma as Chief Minister and Justine Dkhar as MLA of the constituency who is also an independent MLA. in cooperation with the Mukul Sangma government.
In the course of time, the time came that he whom the prophets had foretold, had announced, was born in flesh.
They said that the hospital is only a waste and there will be no major treatment required inside the hospital.
The meeting also expressed its support to the protesting parties against the decision of the NGT, and at the same time urged the government to take action on this issue.
Amazon said the drone, when flying in different rooms of the house, also makes a sound so that those in the house will know that it is taking pictures.
However, one thing that Bah Teinwel cannot forget in his relationship with him, is that he never turned away from him and he never turned away from him.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 23: The Leader of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Mukul Sangma on Tuesday slammed the Central Government for not understanding the needs of the North Eastern States. related to the maintenance of peace and order in the region.
These winners have been divided into four groups – south, east, west and north and each group or zone will have up to 6 clusters.
However, the question has arisen, why the state government has sought reasons now when in the past, there has never been any response when the letters from the district council come.
Speaking on the opening ceremony, the Chief Guest said that Mawphanlur is a beautiful place like the Khasi and Jaintia Hills. The places that are not in this land that God has given are beautiful.
Nongstoin, November 15: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongstoin Circle, under the leadership of Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh President and Samla Chester Kharbani General Secretary, today visited the Mela organized by Mega Enterprise. Madan New-Nongstoiñ West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong: Two youths from Assam along with their driver have been killed and their bodies burnt unrecognized and buried in a remote well in Rongmills area. 15 kilometers from Rongjeng in East Garo Hills District.
I am confident that the people of Garo Hills will confirm the victory of the NPP candidate,” said Conrad after filing his nomination papers today.
Experts in animal breeding from the state took part in this exhibition.
Chairman of the Green Tech Foundation, Meghalaya, Bah H.Bansiewdor Nonglang said, “The question now is whether it is necessary for the students to protest for what they deserve. they.
On this occasion, some of the elders have gone to the MeECL office at Damsite to express their concern about the problem they are facing due to the deterioration of the transformer, but so far this work has not been done. it remains the same today.
The Minister said that the Assam Rifles has delayed the work by submitting many reasons to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government.
The winners of the essay writing competition were Youfilia Gympad, Siewly Lamin and Mynjurlang Pdang from Christian Secondary School Lumshnong. Dininia Pohshna, Ardamanki Pala and Wishful Massa were from Holy Cross Higher Secondary School, Balari.
Even if we throw it in the garbage dump or bury it in the ground, the plastic does not rot and damages the soil and can also affect the water sources.
The union had earlier announced that it will open again on the 4th of this month.
Grace, who contested as an independent candidate in the mid-term elections from Shella, came second in the mid-term elections from Shella constituency after the death of the MLA of the constituency who is also the Speaker of the House. Dr. Donkupar Roy, Chief Minister of the State.
Real Mythic FC opened the scoring in the 1st minute through Pynshailang Kharsyntiew, but Jongksha SC were very encouraged especially at home. Joseph scored the equalizer in the 34th minute.
He was very happy to see these development works and promised to provide all possible support," he added.
The death toll in China has risen to 3,213, while in Italy, 2,158 people have died and 28,000 have been infected.
Shillong, March 21: Although Meghalaya is not a hub for elephant slaughterers to steal their bones, it is a route for elephant thieves and slaughterers to export to Bangladesh, Myanmar and Burma.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The BJP has appointed new office bearers and executive members of the BJP Meghalaya today.
He said that the presence of laws in writing helps to improve the society.
Shillong, Nailur 5: The High Level Committee (HLC) on Tuesday said that the High Level Committee (HLC) will examine the reports received from various states of India. part of the government to take over the teaching profession.
The Chief Coordinator of the Tribal and Rural Social Foundation, Bah Biangpor Shylla, conducted the programme. He said that the necessary equipment will be provided after the training.
They also seized Rs 115 crore from the Income Tax.
S.Marak and SI Samuel D.Sangma, I/C Athiabari OP to remember and pay tribute to those heroes from West Khasi Hills, including (L) Namseng R.Marak who was martyred. (L) Rahul Marak was killed on 30.10.2011 at Dobu, East Khasi Hills and (L) Rahul Marak was killed at Tebonggre, West Garo Hills while on duty.
PDCL in Somerset.
Shillong and other places have grown since then and especially after the independence of India in 1947 and the independence of India in
At the end, the Pledge of the Dorbar Shnong was read by Daioolang Pakma who is also the Symbood Waheh Chnong.
The most important election for the parties and candidates is the MDC and MP elections. We will have to elect 29 MDCs for the Jaintia Hills District Council and 29 MDCs for the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
It is one of the most beautiful villages in Nongtrai.
It is the greatest loss to the state,” he said.
It is said that the Khasi were ancient.
Regarding the issuance of permits, the Sordars of the nine villages demanded that the Syiem should explain to the public and if he has not been purchased anywhere, he should cancel the NOC or he shall fall from the throne of the king.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Sport Club Moo Rathud in collaboration with the Planning Department of West Jaintia Hills District has organized a one day workshop on 'Cleanliness'
He said the main reason why the EC through the Elaka department has taken this decision is after Paiem Latho Manik Syiem who has been temporarily suspended due to complaints and investigations. On these charges, he resigned from the throne as the full Syiem of the Hima Mylliem.
A court in Jodhpur today sentenced Asaram Bapu, 77, for raping one of his followers in April
The Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi District, RM Kurbah, after receiving the information, has sent for the travelers from one state to another. to the place where they worked in the field.
He said that if Mawlai leaves, the nation will leave.
According to them, the training is to teach children from class 1 to class VIII and before going for the training they did not have any agreement with the government in the agreement that However, according to the RTE Act, the government has to appoint trained teachers.
The electricity shortage in the State is 16 million units and the electricity shortage from other sources such as the Central Government is 72 million units.
At that time, the owners of the house thought that she had done something wrong and bled, so they rushed her to Ganesh Das Hospital.
On the other hand, u Bah Metbah said that the officers of the PWD department have informed him that most of the projects will be completed within the month of November.
“I am also sorry that our leaders are too weak in their thinking. If this is the case, the storm will still cover the state,” said Bah Shylla.
During the meeting with the leaders of the union, the students said that in this school, there is no such violence among the students and the management of the school is smooth, whether it is in in the field of food and drink and others, but the problem we face especially during the dry season is only in the field of water.
If they come back, we will kill them,” said the Rajya Sabha MP.
The Chief Minister said that the Meghalaya government will look for ways and means to provide food items to the people who do not fall under the central government schemes through the MLA schemes.
This will increase to 71 per year between 2014 and 2023).
Due to the demands of the business, this order shall apply immediately until further notice.
When we see such a thing, we know that we are living in the last days.
HIV/AIDS is a disease and it is not a matter of judgment or condemnation.
This coupon will be available in a place where there is no space to exchange the excess money, the bus driver can issue a coupon that can benefit them.
According to Bah Kharkhrang, these two men confessed that they used a mobile phone to extort money from people.
Larisuk Kharmawlong, Hersonkoles Khongstia, Belteshassar Lyngdoh Nongphud, Eugnius Jarain, Pascal Jarain, Rinia Kharmawlong, Asinora Kharmawlog, Hubert Marbaniang and Dabiangpura Thabah took part in the song.
Why didn't the father of the Sixth Schedule, Bah (L) JJ Nichols Roy and the son of Bah (L) Stanley Nichols Roy, not be identified? Let's think about the basics of this work.
Shillong: The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) has met with the Chairman of the High Level Committee (HLC) Prestone Tynsong who is also the Second Chief Minister of Meghalaya to discuss the issue of demand for the eviction of Harijans from Metor (Mawlong Market).
The CFO said their visit was to reconcile the two sides as there was a misunderstanding and confusion regarding the farmland.
Speaking to reporters, Deputy Conservator of Forests, Bah FS Wahlang, said that the influx of Hati between the two countries is very high from the border in South West Khasi Hills and South Garo Hills. In Bangladesh, the highest number of elephants is from Sherpur District where there are about 30 elephant routes from these areas.
He said that the union has more than 100 active members and the trucks have about T.
“Since the Government has appointed the NHM to look after the 108 emergency service, there have been many shortcomings, unlike before when there was no GVK,” he said.
As a responsible citizen for the welfare of the State, I firmly believe that everyone has the right to ask questions to the Government about these intentions to take measures, no matter how many they are. the right to consult and to observe the measures taken and implemented by other State Governments in the country in the field of Electricity Department in the generation or distribution of electricity in the State.
Shillong, Jymmang 30 : If the President's rule comes to Meghalaya, it will put the state in great danger as many of the demands will be pending because the Governor can take decisions alone on any issue. said the MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah PT Sawkmie.
This means that we are living in the legacy of times of wicked years and diseases around the world.
They said that there are drinking water wells around the area and it has affected the health of the people due to the use of it.
To stop these vehicles, the Assam Police opened fire on the wheels of the fourwheel truck from the front and rear and destroyed a Maruti Car carrying rice.
More than 2,000 people took part in the rally and shouted against Assam Chief Minister Sarbanando Sonowal, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the BJP. from 12pm to 1pm.
“Therefore, in order not to cause any problem to the people, who come and go, this road should be closed immediately,” said the Sordar Raid.
Including more sying can reduce the presence of bad cholesterol which can affect the health of the blood pressure.
However, Josiah Momin (36) and Christopher (52) who came on helped the team to score 93 runs for the loss of four wickets.
The quarterfinals will be played on the 14th and 15th of November.
Police have evacuated all the students and people inside the school and the search for the bomb continued on Tuesday morning.
Bernard said the people supported him because he is a Garo Prime Minister and he leads the NPP which is a Garo party.
The fire brigade from Nongpoh, rushed to the scene to provide assistance or to extinguish the fire, but until the arrival of the fire brigade, it could not. which caused the fire to destroy all the belongings in the fire.
It is for these reasons that the candidates of the VPP party have not composed their own songs except for a few.
In the 50+Men double, Soneswar Deka and Bijeet Chakraborty (Assam) won, Radhakhishnan Chingshubam and Ch Lokendra Meitei (Manipur) won the 50+Men single. -and Bijeet Chakraborty is all from Assam.
On the other hand, while preparing the documents to go to the High Court, the Seng has also sent a letter to the DC of Eastern West Khasi Hills District Mairang, requesting him to take action against the case. This is the construction of this road.
The government authorities should also spend a lot of energy, time, thought and money to help the unemployed youth or the people who want to take up this job.
The District Council doesn't need to be discussed anymore because they sit on chairs that don't come out and that need to be replaced from time to time.
The scheme was implemented in 2006-07 and three districts in Meghalaya have been selected to benefit from it including Ri-Bhoi district, West Garo district and South Garo Hills district.
Every resident from children to adults should have a responsibility to set goals to make the village clean and tidy because cleanliness is very important in human life, said the two. The land dispute between Moodymmai and Maskut Villages has escalated on Monday, but fortunately the early arrival of the Police has resolved the dispute and avoided bloodshed.
Shillong, July 29: U Bah Antonio War, EM in charge of Finance Department of KHA DC, on Tuesday promised that the KHA DC will set a deadline for payment of bills of contractors which have been pending for a long time. Antonio also informed the House that he will order the engineers of the Council and the Finance Department to expedite the payment of the bills of the contractors who implement various schemes of the Council.
The union strongly condemns the Minister of Education, at that time when he was authorized and urged the officers of the Education Department to whitewash the marks, so that the people of these officials cannot be illegally appointed. They are the leaders of the people who wear sheep's clothing.
He said that every 10 years, there will be a demand that the government should implement this Act without delay for the sake of protecting the people.
Police have launched an investigation into the incident and have arrested three suspects who are suspected to be involved in the crime.
What remains now is that these border villages will have to wait for the decision of the Parliament of India to approve the boundary arrangement and when the Survey of India has visited the villages. on the border to draw the line of a new map to separate Meghalaya and Assam.
The Nongkrem MLA also complained about the deterioration of the road to Sohra, where the residents complained that even after spending Rs 12 crore, many places have not been improved.
He said that this shows that the JHADC does not have the authority to protect the land, customs and traditions and the minorities.
This is an issue that should be discussed within the society as it affects especially the youth who are the future of the country.
The tournament was organized by the District Sports Officer (DSO) of East Jaintia Hills District at the Deiñchynrum Stadium.
Nongstoin, Naiweing 2: A pick up truck (ML 05-H-9468) was carrying market dwellers from Mawdoh Market and was on its way back to Rambrai with passengers. After a while, the market turned into another night in Madoh.
An earthquake measuring 6.2 on the Richter scale has claimed 81 lives in Indonesia.
He said that the people should take this opportunity during this time especially during the clear sky to see the Makashang Mountains or the Himalayas from a distance.
Lorenza Songthiang, one of the gold medal winners, said that first of all, the honor goes to her father, Bah Donny Ranee, who is her biggest supporter. the pioneer of his teaching to her and other young men who have been able to receive such honor now.
Together with the doctors, he said that this is a comprehensive research on these patients which can also be done by any department.
They had two sons, Hreehan and Hridhan.
The Seng said that in fact it is a great blessing to the people of the state especially to the residents of Mawlai village when such projects come, but at the same time it is a curse if The relevant department or the Government has sent contractors who are unable to do the work properly.
Then, through satellite imagery, it was seen that there were lines of 40 miles, preparing to enter Kyiv.
He said that according to the terms of the contract, the installation fee is only 300 tyngka per Smart Meter.
The victims were traveling from Amlanai in a Maruti Car No.ML05D-7391 to Amlarem but were attacked before entering Trangblang.
The public is requested to complain to the Deputy Commissioner if they find that FPS dealers inside the centers are not accepting the price of Khaw without AAY and PHH Ration Card except Non-NFSA Ration Card. (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District or phone toll free No.1697, or call the District Grievances Officer East Jaintia Hills District.
He also complained that many projects such as the ISBT, the Mawlai Bridge, the Dwar Ksuid Bridge and many others have been completed.
Pala also alleged that many of the former Congress workers who left the Congress party because of Dr Mukul Sangma are now ready to return to the party. The reason why many leaders have been inducted into the party is that the party has worked hard to strengthen the party.
Joint CP Robin Hibu together with DCP BS Jaiswal visited the scene of the incident. “No case has been registered yet, as the cause of the murder is still unknown. The reason is that the witness could not explain the incident, but the police have taken the body for post mortem and the report is expected to be received today, after that we will decide. “What to do,” said the Delhi Police Chief who took over the case.
The event was attended by the elderly, women, young men and women of Jowai who have the spirit to protect the Myntdu River in the coming days.
“It is an honor for all that India has built itself a place like 'Vishwa Mitra' and that the whole world sees a friend in India.
The new laws passed by Patel include a ban on slaughter of meat in the village, which has about 64,000 inhabitants and a ban on the slaughter of female cows, bulls and all kinds of cows. cattle.
He said that the government authorities have not taken any action to ban the sale of this drug.
This is also the first meeting of the two Regional Committees for West Jaintia Hills and West Karbi Anglong which was held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
China today said that only a few of its troops were killed in a clash against Indian troops in Galwan last July.
If it doesn't, the JAC will gather again on the road to block the road.
At the same time, the union warns from time to time to the visitors of this road that the union will not forgive anyone if found guilty of any illegal activities. They should not park on this road more than 6 o'clock at night.
Earlier, Forest Minister Prestone Tynsong said the subject belongs to everyone and needs to be involved.
“I asked the police for the Medical Report of the woman and I also asked for the Case Diary, but immediately the OC threatened me, saying who are you, you are the DC. ,ne uei, immediately he struck and struck my ear shajrong, then he struck me from here (he points from moi moi) until the ear bled, he struck my throat until the bones were broken. Then he stabbed me in the chest, stabbed me in the krung. I don't understand anything and he stabbed me in the legs until I bled and they burned,” said Bah Dobok, who also showed signs of burns in his mouth and legs. and from his hand.
The union said that Bah Adelbert Nongrum, HM Shangpliang, Lahkmen Rymbui and Ampareen Lyngdoh have never thought of solving the problem of these rots.
The larger seeds are like cotton and become cotton when they are large.
At the same time, Shillong received 25.0mm of rainfall and Umiam received 33.6mm of rainfall.
It was not until the election of Balajied Synrem that the votes started turning in Shella Constituency, when Dr. Don's son received 12,002 votes, followed by Grace Mary Kharpuri, who received 5,7 vote.
On the other hand, the President of the MPCC, Vincent H Pala, blessed the new members of the Party for their hard work and efforts to improve the Party in all aspects. At the same time, he asked for the full support of the people so that the Congress party will once again come back to power to provide the best service to the country as a whole.
It is also a challenge for the people because there may be those who will offer money to get their vote.
“The Government should look into this incident and the CBI should take a sou moto to conduct an investigation into this corruption incident,” said the CSWO. The Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuga Nathan, has said that the Village Administration Bill (VAB) of the KHADC should be consulted with the people. The DC said the government would be better off consulting the people on the Bill which has caused controversy from many groups and people.
The cup is placed inside a stable and transparent box but has not been opened so that it will be easier for the customers to take out and hold in their hands to understand the price and your being.
Charles said that these farmers rely on this farming to support their families, so if they are charged like this, where will they get, adding that the charge is T.8 per kilo. The revenue from a Mahindra Pick-Up is about T.15,000, and this will affect the farmers.
He also congratulated the 37 other MCS graduates and wished them success in their lives in whatever they do.
N Syiem, MDC from Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah, Carnes Sohshang MDC from Mawkyrwat, Ronie V. Lyngdoh MDC from Mylliem.
The family members of the deceased have requested anyone who has seen her to call 9436738750 /
This process of desertification results from the smuggling and spreading of waste from the soil that is not suitable for use.
In the spiritual life, we must have this attitude in the life of a Christian.
“Rongkhon, Ampati and Umsning have been affected but the affected areas have been widespread but not severe.
The petition also alleges that the Chancellor of the University (CM Jha) has been expelled and investigated like a murderer, who has been arrested without bail by the Shillong Court. He said that the Chancellor is not involved in the admission of classes, the issuance of results and even the issuance of mark sheets or degrees or in any day-to-day activities of the University.
During the incident, Sharma was shot in the head by unidentified robbers, who managed to flee the scene, Rajendra Meena said. who is the Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP).
(Matt. 16:24–26).
Sadly, these rulers of the hima or village who were appointed by the ancestors to be the guardians of the customs and traditions not only of the land, but also of the dewthala who violate these rules. “It's been a long time,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
After the competition, the award ceremony was conducted by the Working President of WJDSA, Bah EMH Passah in the presence of the President of KNIKMS, Bah Pearlet Toi, Honor General Secretary Bah Lammat. O Laloo and other office bearers of the WJDSA. The Seiñ Kur Dkhar East Jaintia Hills District, on Monday awarded a special honor to Samla Irene Dkhar who won the title of Miss Meghalaya and Miss Northeast. Irene Dkhar is from Rymbai village.
The SNSBH also welcomes the decision of the Supreme Court issued on 12th June, 2016 which has once again empowered the Rangbah Shnongs to act in accordance with the rules of the District Council. mandated by the Constitution of India.
Three youths were selected to take part in the water swimming which was held from 16th-17th November in Shillong.
About 32 teams from all over the villages have come to participate in this tournament.
“The department has proceeded to recruit in these schools and we hope that in the next few days it will be completed,” he said.
The incident took place in Sutipara, Goalpara district on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Speaking to media, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander Laloo Hek said that the full implementation of MHIS-IV will start from tomorrow in all 151 government hospitals including the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. CHC and PHC, and those people who have not yet registered and who have to be treated from tomorrow will benefit and will be registered immediately.
He said the DC has confirmed that by the end of this month, it will proceed with the work.
Conrad was accompanied by Prestone Tynsong, Minister of Rural Development, Minister of Rural Development, Thomas K Sangma, Advisor to the Chief Minister, Dipul Marak CEM Garo Hills. The Autonomous District Council and other leaders from the State and Nagaland as well.
Furthermore, it was learned that the area, which is planned to be occupied by Assam, is a quarry of the people living in the area.
Jowai: The Centenary Celebration Committee of Kyndongtuber Parish, West Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday said that the Centenary Celebration Committee of Kyndongtuber Catholic Church will conclude the 100th Anniversary of the Catholic Church in Kyndongtuber. on the 17th of this month and will be celebrated with the Procession of the Eucharist.
Shillong, Nailur 01 : Meghalaya Police have conducted a heavy surveillance operation in connection with the arrest of several Jihadi militants in Assam.
CK I found the Trophy.
The meeting, chaired by the Prime Minister, Manmohan Singh, aims to implement the card in July for 60 crore citizens in 16 states and small states.
Prizes were also distributed by the Chief Guest and the Chief Guest to the students who won in various competitions as well as to the singers who took part today. E.Shylla AS&WCO JTD Jowai.
The Election Commission has deployed security teams and police at Gambegre, about 9 miles from Tura.
If we look at the daily life of the rural people, it is very poor, they know only about the backward life and they know only about agriculture.
The Ginger Mission-Spices Development Scheme 2022-2023 was also distributed to the farmers of the area.
As the villagers, the contractors who earn their living from the market, we have the right to oppose and demand a solution,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of Education, Bah Lakhmen Rymbui said that the hard work, dedication of the students and the support of parents and teachers has brought about the results. you have won.
He and his family joined the Catholic Church on March 18, 1978 and became the first Christians of the Church in Mutong.
go forth, and don't be afraid.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The Central Government will soon release the funds for the implementation of the SSA in Meghalaya, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong.
)• To improve the development of farm-gates & aggregation points, the provision of post-harvest activities. • The Fund will be introduced immediately.
" Unquote – that is, that no addition or amendment shall be appealed to any Court.
Shillong: The Congress party through its working president Vincent H Pala has lodged a complaint against the BJP to the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of Meghalaya over the release of the Lyngkdop newspaper. which accused the Congress party of '15 years of looting and 15 years of destruction'
Referring to some of the development projects, she said that in 1971, the population of Meghalaya was only 10,11,699 and has increased to 34 lakh by
Major Vineet Kumar, Global President and Founder of the CyberPeace Foundation, said, “If we combine all the knowledge and skills of Truecaller, we can really make a difference in terms of theft. we are confident that we will be able to provide the participants with guidelines that they can follow to be safe in Cyberspace.
Speaking at a public meeting organized by the Vishwa Hindu Parishad in West Bengal; “Don't be afraid, we are in our own country, this is the country of Hindus and we will never flee from this country,” Bhagwat said.
Williamnagar Police have received a complaint against Md Rafiqul Ali for raping a woman on 23rd June
Point-of-care treatment is essential for an at-risk country like hers, where testing facilities are limited especially in rural areas of the country, travel voluntary testing is also limited.
Bah Ban in his speech said that this donation from himself for the construction of this Saintjain Sem in Dong Block 3-B, was after he saw the urgent need of these people. longkmie who earn their living by cleaning in this area where they have to endure the heat of the sun and the rain.
After the speech of Bah Staising Khartbteng, Sub-Inspector of Education, South West Khasi Hills District, followed by the unveiling of the monument and the unfurling of the flag as a sign of the opening of the 10th Anniversary of the year at Rangjadong Presbyterian Upper Primary School, Rangjadong.
He added that if this Act goes ahead in implementation, we the villages, village youth associations, longkmie associations and various Sengbhalang will issue their own ILP/work permits. within their own villages to be a protection because village laws are strong.
It is at this time that the prophecy of Isaiah will be fulfilled which says – “And it shall come to pass in the last days, that the mountain of the house of the LORD shall be established in the top of the mountains, and shall be established in the top of the mountains; raised above the hills".
PwD voters and Senior Citizen voters who have applied for postal ballot will be notified to the Returning Officer of the Assembly Constituency.
Meghalaya women's athletes.
Last month, the Enforcement Department of KHADC under the leadership of Superintendent Bah Poland Sohphoh, together with the Meghalaya Armed Police Force, raided the area to release the equipment of the company. They were arrested by the Council after not being issued a license to mine uranium in the area since last year.
Shillong: The Educational Cell of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) has sent a letter to the Meghalaya Nursing Council (MNC) after many students passed the examination. They have not been able to apply for their license due to the COVID-19 pandemic and have not been able to go to their schools to collect their license. marksheets and that their institution is still closed and will be reopened soon.
The SP of West Khasi Hills, Bah S.Nongtnger, said that the robbers had tried to commit the robbery at night with the intention of intimidating and intimidating the people with a gun. The plan of these four men was thwarted by the discovery of the residents of Songsak.
Mahatma Gandhi said, “Alcohol destroys a person physically, mentally, morally and emotionally.
The film is directed and acted by Alfidarie Kharsyntiew as the central character, the character of “I'll Look For You”, “The Blood of the Ud”, “Looking for the Bone” and others.
“On the other hand, the authorities have said that if they have the money, they will pay it now and they have T.90 lakh to talk to the Prime Minister and they will send a letter tomorrow. salary for six months,” said Bah Rumnong.
Shillong: U Tsengbirth G Momin, a resident of Kaszingpita, North Garo Hills, has filed a complaint before the Special Corruption Court. Meghalaya will file a Lokayu against former Men Pathar MLA Marthon J Sangma on 19th July
Those who attended the inspection included Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of State and President of the PDF, Bah Jason Mawlong, MLA of the PDF from Umsning, Bah Ivanlumlang Marbaniang, Bah Hospicious L.Kharmawphlang. and other officials of the PDF Central Working Committee (CWC).
Shillong, July 14: U Bah Rocky Hek, candidate of the National People's Party (NPP) from Pynthorumkhrah Constituency on Saturday inaugurated the toilets at Lumshyiap, Nongmensong. which has paid T.1.90 lakh from its own pocket.
“Even though there have been clear decisions, this issue is still pending,” said the Syiem.
“We request the people and government employees to join in the office blockade called by the Sengbhalang,” said Kharmawphlang.
Thus, the donation for the men and women in the doubles has now increased by 4%.
The Chief Engineer of the company with its office at Mawpun-H has sent him to night duty for JCVs above Seinduli.
The Word of God does not speak only to the Jews of that time, but it speaks to us today, because Jesus is the same yesterday and today and forever.
Drivers have to observe the rules of the government and the health department including social distancing, wearing masks, washing hands frequently with soap.
Shillong: The National Domestic Workers' Movement (NDWM) Meghalaya Region, which has been working for 18 years, has expressed its regret that their demands have not been met yet.
“I have already informed the leaders of various political parties that such attacks in which some of them even try to enter the Civil Hospital and try to damage it,” he said. work will be subject to criminal penalties under the provisions of the law on their visit to attack health facilities.
Replying to a question by Mawphlang MLA Bah Syntar Klas Sun in the House, Conrad said that in fact there is no word that has been signed in the appointment bill. and the tuition fee for indigenous students, but the government has expanded this by including it in this policy.
Media reports said that at that time, the prime minister was able to calm the spirits of his friends whom he had promised to appoint as government ministers after a while. they were content to wait some more.
Drivers of vehicles with all the necessary documents from all over the state complain every day that they have been demanded money by the tax collectors who stand at dozens of gates on the roads across the state.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 183 cases and these include 5 cases in Ichamati, 5 cases in Kharang, 4 cases in Laitkyrhong, 5 cases in Laitlyngkot, 18 cases in Mawlai, 4 cases in Mawlynrei, 9 cases in Mawngap, 5 cases in Mawsa. cases in Nongmynsong, 7 cases in Nongthymmai, 42 cases in Pynthor and 4 cases in Umpling.
To save sin, it starts in Bethlehem.
Shillong: U Bah Ryng Katlang Lyndem, MDC of the UDP Lyngkyrdem-Laitkroh Constituency, on Tuesday said that Bah Paul Lyngdoh will not hold the post of CEM in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) as scheduled for
“If the Directorate of Health Service (DHS) selects students to study doctorate through the entrance examination, the state government and the education department should abolish the MBOSE or the examination known as HSSLC which is run by MBOSE and other boards from other states, this decision of DHS shows that MBOSE has lost confidence, or is it unfair? Shillong, Jymmang 8: Ka KHNAM has said that it does not agree with the Inner Line Permit ( ILP) as accepted by the political parties accepted by the government, and the same sign has come from the HSPDP which does not agree with the new ILP.
The party today held a special awarding ceremony for him as its former leader who has worked tirelessly for the development of the party in all aspects. This is the MDC Election
Barcelona beat Manchester United 3-0 in the Champions League on Saturday.
Dr DD Lapang, Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, congratulated Bah RB Shadap and wished him the best of luck in leading the synjuk, for the welfare of the people in The Fear.
Shillong, June 6: The Khasi Jaintia Butcher and Welfare Association (KJBWA) will hold a march from Motphran to the Addl.Secretariat tomorrow. It will start at 1 pm and end at 3:30 pm.
Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Mawkyrwat MLA, Renikton Lyngdoh, Director General of Police, LR Bishnoi and others.
Samla O.Risuklang is also an Assistant Professor in the Department of Chemistry.
Stone Crematoria :- As mentioned above, the amazing stone crematoria such as Maw-synrang is also the Sohtliet (or) Mawlymbit which are the original Sohnam which still exist today.
B Kshiar (58) and Shemphang Myrthong (70) scored the goals for Nongmensong.
According to the shopkeepers, the sale of thied has decreased significantly since they settled in the area.
Mawkyrwat, Lber, 01: The District Magistrate of South West Khasi Hills District has issued a public notice under Section 144 CrPC to ban rallies in the entire district. or Procession from 02nd October, 2023 which is the polling day until 4 pm on 4th October,
Marbud, the Chief Guest also inaugurated the Kali Buhnam Nongrakor or Museum on Wheels where the names of the ancient writers and artists who celebrated the Golden Jubilee of the state and the 90th Anniversary of the state have been named. India became independent with Azadi Ka Amrit Festival.
Ri Bhoi Mynken Christian High School beat Rangthong Christian High School by five goals.
It is informed that in the coming days the WR office will conduct a survey in these areas affected by the project, and urged the land owners and farmers to participate in these days so that get your consent.
The NPP MLA said that the government is not aware of the illegal involvement of this company.
He said that other states have received rainfall, but Meghalaya has received very little rainfall this year.
“The Minister also announced that there are three candidates who want to contest the election from Shillong.
It is a sad thing if this happens in any state in India.
Sohra Combine CC scored 128 runs for the loss of five wickets in 15.5 overs.
On the part of Samla Silbestar Shadap, he expressed his gratitude to God for guiding him in his preparation for the HSSLC examination and also to his teachers who have been able to train him. and encouraged him to reach the goal, which has brought fame and glory to the school with the desire to continue to work hard and diligently in higher education.
On this day, the Forest Department has planted trees around Umtrew Village and participated in the cleaning of the Umtrew River and removed the plastic pollution. At the end of the programme, officers of the Fishery Department released fish seeds in the Umtrew River.
The Awaken India Movement (AIM) across India has come out to bring about awareness and understanding for the good life of all as fellow human beings in the world especially by appearing to They have been traveling to different states of India on many issues to be addressed especially in the field of education and health for the betterment.
He also received a Gold Medalist in Pharmacology and completed a Fellowship in Dietetics from London, UK.
Rev Khriam spoke on the need to be kind and compassionate, urged that to build the future should start from the beginning and try to make kindness and compassion a spiritual discipline.
Bah Larsing Ming Sawyan also congratulated the State Government especially the Prime Minister, the Minister of Sports and the Commissioner and Secretary of Sports and Youth Affairs, who have been able to implement the MSL. The tournament is 100 percent funded by the State Government.
The group from Shillong will be led by Bah Danny Rynjah but from that group he has divided into dozens of volunteers to enter around Shillong.
At the same time, the JAC has decided to deploy volunteers in all the villages and in connection with the destruction of the road, which has caused a lot of trouble to the people in the area, from The JAC, in the presence of Dr.C Lyngdoh, has also decided to meet with the DC of Ri Bhoi and DC of East Khasi Hills.
He said that under the Ministry of Roads, Transport and National Highways, it is one of the histories of India that under the leadership of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, the Northeast has become a One of the areas where it will be able to implement the most roads worth billions of rupees and through the availability of good roads many areas will be able to bring about benefits to the villages and and to relieve the poor.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong Lumdiengjri would like to inform the residents of the village and to ask the former chief minister why he has rejected the requests or needs of the village. and to look after or treat their village with contempt.
The new cases include 15, EJH: 13, EKH: 80, NGH: 21, RBD: 56, SGH: 15, SWGH: 17, SWKH: 22, WGH: 61, WJH: and WKH: 12.
They also reminded that the nation had suffered during the time of the British government when they used the 'Divide and Rule Policy' but the intention of the French, could not divide the nation because they have a strong and well-founded census.
Meanwhile, the Meghalaya Government Nurses Service Association (MGNSA) has expressed its support to the nurses and questioned the government on the intention to hold the examination again.
Jezebel is like Balaam and like Balak.
“Here I am going with you.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that this is a memorable occasion for the state as it has been able to lift the ban on coal mining after many years. He said that the people of the state especially the workers and coal miners have faced difficulties and not only the people but the government's loss of revenue is huge.
"I am here because of the UDP party, not for anyone's sake and I hold the post of Minister of Home Affairs, because the Prime Minister has appointed me to this post and not for any other reason," he said. said.
Drinking alcohol while driving, arrogant behavior without proper concentration especially in young age, poor knowledge of driving rules, besides road conditions, are the other reasons why the SP state.
Today is Teachers' Day & Feast of St. Teresa of Calcutta.
The cassette cover, although nearby, was not visible, which was written in large letters HER, which is Sawian's new song.
Guwahati: A Bengali Medium School on the border of Assam and Mizoram was completely destroyed by a bomb blast by unidentified persons on Friday night.
The Assam Government has destroyed the Niam forests or Niam land and Elaka of these villagers.
Therefore, the meeting of the union with the Head of Government in charge of Sports is to turn to the war zone in the need for jobs that can be raised to help the young men and women who are talented in any field. you are playing.
The individual awards for India are: Best Outside Hitter KP Anushree (No.13) IndiaBest Middle Blocker Soorya S. (No.6) IndiaBest Setter K.S.Jini (No.7) IndiaMost Valuable PlayerNirmal (No.10) India.
We cannot explain anymore, superstition exists even among the wise and intelligent, not only among the foolish.
Let me give you an example of Christians who talk nonsense today.
The names of the participants who will represent MSKDF in the 17th Independence Cup International Karate Championship include:- 1) Fullshai Myrboh, Ebhameki Warjri, Daomanmi Mynsong, Jefferson Ryndong, Steven, Myrboh, Myrboh.
He said this after opening a meeting of the Business Advisory Committee (BAC) at his office in Khyndailad.
The War Jaintia Students' Union (WJSU) in collaboration with the Organizing Committee of Amlari Model UP School has released the lucky draw ticket to raise funds for the 1st War Jaintia Scholarship Examination
Shillong: The KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit, in a statement through its President Samla Ohibait, has expressed its strong opposition to the state government's plan to bring 30 trucks carrying coal from Assam to Myanmar. The state, especially to supply coal to the coal companies in East Jaintia Hills District.
On the other hand, Ardent said the government cannot interfere in this, but should take action.
According to a recent statement by the MCA members, this tournament will help to encourage the players of the State to have a rating as there has never been such a rating tournament.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Kachin National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) today decided not to attend the meeting of the Committee on Reservation Roster led by Law Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh.
When asked about the government's implementation of the Roster System, Adelbert said that the VPP, as stated by the party leader, Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, is ready to suspend the roster system. implementation of the Roster System and to finalize the Reservation Policy and said that this is the foundation of the party.
There is no one or two groups that can fight against this great challenge facing the nation and the state.
Furthermore, Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, said that how the government will fight against the third wave of covid-19, as it is now, Ri Bhoi, has been severely affected by the pandemic. The government has promised to temporarily convert the MCH Hospital at Umran Niangbyrnai into a COVID-19 hospital. COVID-19 treatment.
“It was agreed that the need of the state should be fulfilled in the first two phases to provide police stations especially in the areas where there is a lot of violence in Garo Hills and then in parts of Khasi and Jaintia Hills,” he said. said Dr. Sangma.
At the same time, he said that on the same day, the government will also hold a meeting with the participation of state government officials from the North East as well as central government officials.
Shillong, November 4: The employees of the Meghalaya Housing Board (MHB) are still in the dark about the government's intention to send them to take the Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS).
Shillong, November 09 : The State Government has planned to set up four PWD Divisions to facilitate the working methods of the road department in the state.
Through the addition of Samuel, the number of members of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) has risen to 11, said a statement from Utzol Ch.
" Bahdeng said, "Yes, I don't.
Therefore, this is the hope of the country because the youth have the goal to do something for themselves and to stand firm on their own feet without waiting for government jobs.
These tree species include a variety of trees from palm trees and shrubs, as well as large fruit and flower trees.
Then, in her lyngki, Ramew demanded the Lei Synshar.
Kumar's actions have angered many, and he has apologized for his rude behavior on that night and said he had no intention of offending anyone.
Shortly after, police also arrested three employees of MeCEL, who were involved in the incident by turning off the light before these robbers set fire to the house. I'm from Rymbai.
Inside her mind she understood what the Father meant to his Son.
CEM Bah T.Chyne informed the Government that the District Council does not own land and cannot order the Hima and Villages to provide accommodation to those foreigners.
“I hope that Conrad will do as his father did,” said Bah Kalwing.
“When we find such cases, we ask them to clean up and follow the rules and we set a time but if they don't, we punish them,” she said.
He said that the government has also sought ways and means to improve the sportsmen of the district by introducing various schemes for the youth who have talent in many fields.
It is learned that just because of the actions of this person who is not the Sordar Shnong, there has been a heated argument between the residents who are against and opposed these foreigners and who have given them accommodation. person.
“The most frequently blocked areas are the Shillong-Jowai road and the Amlarem-Nongtalang area due to the rude driving of vehicles without thinking about the pedestrians.
With this victory, Langsning now has 7 points, behind Ryntih in first place and Mawlai in second place.
They work tirelessly, they work to survive they work to eat.
The meeting was attended by about 50 Daju who attended the District Council, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Latho Manik Syiem, and the Ministers of Mylliem Hima.
Shillong, Naitung 22: Tura MP Conrad K Sangma has lodged a complaint with the Minister of State for Roads, Nitin Gadkari that the land owners have not received the payment from the Central Government for the construction of the NH-4 (E) which falls in the Rongjeng area of ​​East Garo Hills.
At 10.00 AM, the Mass of the Eucharist was led by Father Ferdinand Dkhar, Diocesan Administrator of the Diocese of Jowai. of the Diocese.
Due to the heavy rainfall today, there has been a rapid flooding in the rivers especially in the river in the middle of Wahumkhrah town which has risen and flowed into parts of the Umiam River.
We feel that the UCC will promote religion in areas related to marriage, release of san shyieng and others and we also feel that it is the duty of any Government to respect everyone. -one religion by allowing these religions to follow their own separate customs and not to replace them with the UCC," said the union.
On the other hand, the KSU urges the Government to resolve the issues so that the people can get the right services.
However, he said that Danggo and his team have since the 28th of this month gone to meet the Chief Minister of Assam who is the BJP leader in Assam.
The Congress has also dissolved its working committees in Uttar Pradesh.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today laid a wreath at the statue of the father of the nation, Mahatma Gandhi as a sign of commemorating his 150th birth anniversary at the Main. Secretariat Shillong.
“They don't have time and that's why even the programs of the CPA have been postponed and it has been ordered that tomorrow's programs will start after 12:25 pm. Afternoon".
Apart from Pamela, Britney Spears has been living with her boyfriend Jason Alexander since they were children for only 55 hours when they wrote in Las Vegas. year 2004.
“Both these soldiers have not shown any signs of illness and are now in quarantine quarters of the BSF,” hek said.
Although there are six candidates in the constituency, the contest is between Moonlight Pariat of the UDP and Saron Pasweth of the NPP. straight fight.
The more, the better and the more encouraged our farmers.
Shillong, Nailar 7: Following the resignation of Bah Nanglamlad Khong from the post of Sordar of Umnuih Tmar Ela, the Dorbar has been convened on the 5th of this month to elect and appoint the Acting Sordar. The Dorbar Shnong Umnuih Tmar has unanimously appointed Bah Premier Sing Khnongbeh as the Acting Sordar of the Elaka. not all within the Elaka.
When the exams were over, his mother sent him to stay in the village so that he could help his parents.
Here the article shows that there are some problems that students face when trying to study online and how to overcome these problems.
It will be a memorable event in North East India and especially for the development of the youth.
L.P School and Nozmul Arefin, Vice Principal, Baghmara Govt.
Along with Rupari, a group of friends walked together until they reached Rupari's house.
On Tuesday, 49 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, 3 people died, bringing the death toll in the state to
This was announced by her daughter who went to Samla Lamdame Shangpliang for help.
Hundreds of Catholic youths from five parishes including Nongpoh Parish, Umkadhor Parish, Byrnihat Parish and Umden Parish attended the opening ceremony. and Umsiang Parish to hold a successful meeting.
The union also alleged that the NHAI has been silent without doing anything about the flooding of the road in Lumshnong which happens frequently during the rainy season. Many small vehicles passing through the flooded road have been damaged, the water has entered and damaged the engine and equipment.
The remaining seats will be announced later, said UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy.
It does not need other political parties under the umbrella of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) such as the National People's Party (NPP) and others.
We'll clean up together first...” said Riia. Deisy stood up and waited to get the things back.
Hamlet said that the village has always discussed the matter with the army, and said that the UDP will soon discuss with the village authorities on the matter. role.
Sonia Gandhi has alleged that the BJP has withdrawn money from the accounts of the Congress party.
Shillong, November 15 : Former Mawsynram MLA, Bah HM Shangpliang on Friday said that the distribution of foodgrains by the BJP-led central government during the COVID-19 pandemic has been a memorable one. of the people of Mawsynram who are still called Modi.
Once completed, it will be implemented in the selection of candidates,” said Hek. “I don't know who those candidates are.
At the end of the match, Rohit Shah of United XI was named Man of the Match for his 72 runs while Jason Lamare was named Man of the Series. , United XI. The chief guest was Bah Paul Lyngdoh MDC Jaiaw Constituency and former EM of KHADC. The Meghalaya Cricket Association, together with the office bearers of the SCA and MCA. The JCCRP has decided to set up a Joint Reservation Policy (JCCRP) to fight for the demand for a new State Reservation Policy or a special allocation for the employment of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
Earlier, the Sengbhalang had called for such curfews, office blockades and night road blockades to force the government to implement the ILP but so far the government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma has refused to implement it. The ILP has been proposed to be implemented instead of the Tenancy Bill.
As the Government, we are determined to ensure that the services of the Government and the implementation of projects will be smooth,” said the Chief Minister.
Regarding the border demarcation, the people who don't know anything about the state of the border are surprised to see that the people of the border area have alleged that the government has chet. The auction of the land to the State of Assam and so on.
In the past few days, it has been reported that the country's national team will participate in its Asia Cup matches at stadiums that have not been to any other country and will not go to the country. in Pakistan.
The union believes that this is a very surprising incident and the union does not want such a surprising incident to happen in the future. I also congratulate the President of the Thma U Rangli (TUR), for his strong condemnation of the perpetrators of violence against any religion, by religious extremists. .
He said that the market will be revived and the cows will be examined by doctors before being released to the market for slaughter.
Recently, Bonifilia Shullai appeared on the list of 30 athletes announced this month before the names of the 23 athletes to represent the country have been confirmed.
Hopeful Khongstia on 13th November is also known as World Kindness Day which was started in 1988 by countries and NGOs.
He said that if these two Congress MDCs join the NPP, the number of MDCs will reach
On the allegation that the AITC is a Bengali party, Dr Manas said this is just a slogan of the Opposition, pointing out that the Congress was founded in Bombay in 1885 and the BJP in Gujarat and Delhi but this does not mean that they are the party of Bombay or Delhi.
Up to 200 participants from Phase-I and 60 from Phase-II have been selected to participate in the training.
The Board has issued this order because these hotels have not complied with the rules.
“The interest of the children in Science and Mathematics has been lost due to the lack of qualified teachers,” said Rakkam.
“We have heard the story of our friends but we don't know whether it is true or not because it is just a story,” said one of the ruling MDCs in KHADC. Pale.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Wailadmiki urged the village leaders including Mukhla, Ladthadlaboh and the Jowai Waheh Shnong Union to make proper use of these ambulances for the benefit of the villagers.
According to the estimates, a person needs 220 grams of milk per day and when we take the milk production of Meghalaya, the milk shortage is 145 grams per person per day.
“The NGT has also directed the government to take measures to impose restrictions against the Coke plans received by the CTOs in East Jaintia Hills,” he said. The NGT wants the government to take action, but the government has not done anything yet”.
In the incident, the Bolero Pick-up sustained serious injuries and the Dirbar was rushed to the Civil Hospital Nongpo for treatment.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Willson Sohshang, Assistant General Secretary of HANM Seng Kmie, said that the HANM Seng Kmie is deeply saddened by the fact that this project has been owned by a foreigner. the economy of the state.
The test kits are currently available in 9 districts.
There was a search operation on the part of the commandant after the disappearance of the commandant on the 13th of November.
“If there is no party that cannot accept me with the rules I have, I am ready to contest as an independent candidate in this election 2023,” he said.
Furthermore, the villagers were not allowed to settle in Sangriang.
He said that the land near Luckier Road, which was occupied by JN Bawri, was first handed over to the Cantonment by the state government but the Cantonment has turned it over to JN Bawri.
The bank is still counting the amount,” said Abraham T Sangma, Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills.
If the government wants to take action to promote sports, it should also set up a special school to train the youth. They have been selected from various schools to provide training to them from education to sports and if the government does so without doubt it can produce many skilled and skilled youth. manifested in many ways.
“KHNAM does not want to serve two masters so it has decided not to elect MLAs and will serve only the District Council, because to serve the people fully will be in the District Council. .
The final will be played on Tuesday at the Polo Cricket Ground.
On the other hand, VPP spokesperson Dr. Batskhem Myrboh said why the NPP leaders shot and threatened to arrest one or two people while shouting 'prah' during the NPP meeting. in the Snow.
This illegal driving by local taxi drivers in Jowai has been happening every night.
But one thing I am sure of.
Regarding the women's tournament to be held this year, FIFA has approved 32 teams to play in 64 venues. game.
During the search, police recovered 20 boxes of soap and 20 tubes of heroin weighing 268.71 grams, 7 mobile phones, cash worth T .6,87,150, 25 lakh, empty syringes and 60 injection needles.
The management of Tura Government College has informed the Tura Police Station to investigate into the receipt of these fake certificates and take necessary action.
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky on Thursday warned that Russia this time will fight to attack and damage Ukraine's power plants.
The court ordered that the case come back for hearing in the first month of July to hear the progress of the case.
Shillong, Jymmang 06 : The United Christian Forum of NEI (UCFNEI) has appealed to all the communities to join in prayer for peace and to end all the bloodshed and killings in Manipur during the prayer meeting. of churches and fellowships.
Then, in 1933, the British Government divided the border into districts, including Lushai Hills (Mizoram), Cachar (Assam) and Manipur.
He said that the government has put forward the construction of the road from Laitkor to Pomlakrai which will lead to Laitlyngkot and this road is about 20 kilometers long.
After this, Dulong played hard and through the enthusiasm of the spectators managed to score two goals in the 24th and 26th minutes through Kynsaikupar Bareh and Yoobhalang Langstang.
It is learned that the youth has been in a state of depression for some time and this has led him to take his own life.
Unlimited desires are expenses that affect the body of a person.
The purpose of the MSOA is to encourage the citizens of the state to take care of their physical health for the children and the elderly as well.
The union also urged the DC to immediately conduct an investigation and find out where he came from. and contact tracing to curb the spread of the disease and also to ensure that the people of the area can live in peace and security.
Chyrmang beat Tympang 5-0
Today after the examination, a copy of the original questionnaire was received and when compared with the questionnaire and the complaint to the OC Jowai, it was found that it is exactly without any difference.
The funeral service will be held on the 23rd June 2019 at her residence in Jaiaw Laitdom (Umpohliew) at 1 pm, at the Jaiaw Presbyterian Church Cemetery (Weiking).
Furthermore, Skill Hubs according to the rules of procedure shall provide training to children after the end of school hours or holidays.
He said that if the government builds a road from a new place, they will not hesitate to follow the legal path.
ECC President Never Lamurong said, “The National Green Tribunal (NGT) Eastern Zone, Kolkata has issued a directive to the State Government to implement the Action immediately. Plan at least on or before 8th November, 2022 and that any coal mining plants established before 23rd November, 2020 must obtain a Consent to Operate (CTO) and Those who do not comply with the rules and regulations must be closed immediately before the 8th, November,
Under this programme, the Government will provide up to 35-75% support to private entrepreneurs, groups, village organizations and Dorbar Shnongs to start businesses.
“Assam Government to introduce Rabha, Mising, Tiwa and Deuri as medium of instruction in Lower Primary (LP),” wrote Soon Pegu on his micro-blogging website. school, and to add other languages ​​in this regard,” tweeted Pegu.
Jiyo Mukhim scored the third goal.
This is for the payment of school fees for the years 2017-18 and 2018-1
Therefore, the people should understand clearly at this juncture to elect intelligent candidates, who have a vision for the future of the youth and the nation and only the TMC party can bring about change as it is still the party. The new party has not yet been established in the state.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) Leader and Minister of State, Paul Lyngdoh, has sought support for the RDA MP candidate Robertjune Kharjahrin at a meeting held on the 8th. Iaiong, at Iawmusiang Jowai, said, “Don't choose those who are big but unnecessary and don't look at the 'Si iatur' who stir up the market but look at the 'Si Lur' “What is the difference between these two types of cows, they stand only for the colorful displays in the market to keep the market goers and shopkeepers warm.
He also announced that other shops selected to sell food items including groceries, Soh, Jhur, doh, beverage shops will open their shops in the villages or townships on Monday, Tuesday, and Saturday from 9.00 AM to 12.00 PM. The Deputy Commissioner also announced that other shops in all the markets will have to close.
No one has ever been able to prove whether those fish were sent by God or by men.
Dybala scored the winner for Argentina 2-1
With the support of the Congress to the PDA, there is no opposition in the KHADC, out of the 29 MDCs of KHADC who are in the ruling party, 28 while the MDC of KHNAM from Jaiaw is Bah Adelbert. Nongrum is in the middle.
When He saves, He also calls us to this calling in order to fulfill God's purpose.
The four states with the highest number of cases are Maharashtra with 66,191, Uttar Pradesh with 35,311, Karnataka with 34,804, Kerala with 28,469 and Delhi with 22,9
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 25: Four political parties from the KSU, FKJGP, RBYF and HNYF today raided government offices in Ri-Bhoi to order all government employees not to go to work. The non cooperation movement was also announced to call on the people and especially the government employees not to go to work as a sign of support for the struggle for the refugees in Mukroh.
Through this order, the entry and exit and gathering of people in the entire grounds has been banned.
Doctors said the woman was exposed to persulfates and hydrogen peroxide, two types of chemicals used to dye hair.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has urged the government not to politicize the issue of village council on the decision of the Meghalaya High Court. The Meghalaya Local Administration Ordinance, 2015 has been passed by the Government of Meghalaya.
DFO Jaintia Hills Wildlife Division, Kong Heisa Lato said that in 2018, there were 131 species of plants including flowers, shrubs and trees in the forest. species of jhur and kynbat, 22 species of small trees and 60 species of birds.
Nongpoh, Nailur 16: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP) today seized hundreds of vehicles carrying syiap smuggled into Assam from the Umtrew River in Ri Bhoi. Meghalaya government officials were involved in this incident.
He said that all parts of the Central Government, State Governments, District Administrations and Central Government departments should cooperate in this regard.
Sanbor said that the incumbent Congress MP from Shillong Seat, Vincent H Pala, has spent time in Parliament due to the lack of development projects in the state.
Recently, it was found that many government employees have come out to support the strike by VPP leader Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit for the revision of the reservation policy, although the government has She did not mention anything about the VPP protest but made it clear that government employees should follow the service rules.
Many programs have been held and the Tlang Festival is still going on.
So they did as they had said.
Therefore, it is difficult for the state government to demand those villages which are not on the 2011 list,” said Conrad.
Shillong, July 8: U Rupang has met with many former members of the HSPDP to discuss the situation of the party as it appears these days. The former members of the party expressed their sorrow to see this incident especially the increasing threat to the leaders.
According to Jeffreywell, he was shot by a soldier, because the soldiers were drunk, because the soldier was sitting in the area and playing with the phone, but A drunk soldier asked why he was playing on the phone at that place and beat the young man with a stick until he bled from the head.
Then they returned to Motphran to raise the flag to the people who were walking and standing from there and they divided the people among themselves to go to many parts of Shillong, some to Polo, some to Polo, to Laitumkhrah, to Khyndailad and other places.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The MDCs of KHADC especially KHNAM and HSPDP have been surprised by the refusal of the UDP MDCs to demand the resignation of CEM Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit despite the fact that they have agreed to attend the meeting of the KHADC. the ARPA is not recent.
If you’re going to implement a roster, this is the way to go.
Syiem Jingsuk Higher Secondary School, Amlarem and Amlarem Secondary School won the march past.
When asked whether he will contest against Bah Bindo M. Lanong who has been contesting from this constituency, especially from the UDP party, Bah Anthony said, “The people want change”. he says he feels right to respect them.
One of the losses of humanity is when we look too much at the mistakes or shortcomings of others.
On the occasion, Bah Hek also launched the memorial book of the school and cut the 50th Anniversary Cake.
He said that the Principal of Tura Govt College has informed the union about this today. The college should allocate funds to increase the number of teachers and staff and also to improve it so that this problem does not arise every year as usual.
So the happy mother took her son in her arms and touched him.
When the darkness is like a snowflake, The snow is terrible; When they come out of the sky, They are like a snowflake.
He was accused of misappropriating land within the Hima and was accused of trying to auction land to other persons who were not entitled to ownership.
The Nations and kingdoms of the earth will rise against each other, and there will be Famines and earthquakes in many places.
He said the MBoSE is well prepared to conduct the examination and there will be no problems and there will be no power outages during the examination.
The Ministry of Textiles, Government of Meghalaya today celebrated the National Handloom Day 2023 at NIFT, Shillong Campus, Umsawli. Paul Lyngdoh Minister of Textiles was the Chief Guest and MLA Mayral Born Syiem was the Chief Guest.
Therefore, regarding the donation of these solar lights by Bah Charles Marngar, it has pleased the people of the village and who have expressed their gratitude, because he has been able to donate these solar lights. Solar Light, which is the basic need of the people of the village.
Aizawl played well from the start of the match and scored the first goal in the fourth minute through Lalrinzuala Lalbiaknia.
Shetja water not only provides water to the body to prevent dehydration, but also helps to reduce excessive diarrhea because it contains low fiber which can relieve constipation and the earth's surface is watery.
Thombor said the strike by the council employees may have been instigated by others for political gain.
Are you hiding from corona????.
According to the KSU leaders, this is not the first time that the people have been harassed by the army, but it has happened from time to time.
As president and founder of the GNC, he met former Prime Ministers Atal Bihari Vajpayee and Manmohan Singh to demand Garo state.
The tournament will include sub junior (under 14 years), junior and elite (19 years and above).
“We have allocated T.7.45 crore for this project,” he added.
According to information received, the vehicle of Bah Bathok Nongmalieh, was hit by both the vehicles.
At 1.00 PM, the session will begin with a keynote address by Sister Sandaris on the topic “Young People With Roots”. This was followed by a Cultural Competition among the youth from 18 Parishes of the Jowai Diocese.
“I too am an MLA and I give assistance to the people without discrimination because the MLA scheme is the money of the people and not the money from the MLA's personal pocket,” he said.
“Friends outside the Elaka are urged to join hands with the party until further notice.
The Garo leaders love their Garo country and their people very much, therefore they buy tens and hundreds of crores of rupees from the Hynniewtrep leaders for the benefit of their people.
The distribution of NFSA and Non-NFSA rice will be 35 kilos per card at the price of T.3/- per kilo for those who do not have AAY cards, 5 kilos per card. head at T.3/- per kilo for those without PHH card and 7.215 kilo per household at T.12.70/- – Rs.13.00/- per kilo for beneficiaries Non-NFSA. While the rice under PMGKAY for NFSA households (AAY and PHH) will be distributed free of charge at the rate of 5 kilos per head.
Social media users have criticized US President Donald Trump for suggesting that humans should not be injected with drugs that should be used to cleanse or kill them. as part of the fight against the coronavirus.
KHNAM has conducted a march on two shaka or motor bikes around Shillong as part of the campaign to invite the people to attend the march on the 30th March.
She also invited Bahnah to drink.
So I will just explain as briefly as possible the function of the plant and the function of its parts.
“Now we are happy and we have lost our minds since the floods came to our house,” said the mother from Lumshyiap with a smile.
“They have promised us that they will inform the government and after getting the approval they will inform us again.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: U Rupang today visited several households who have received the Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana-Gramin scheme of T.1,30,000 tyngka under the jurisdiction of Mylliem C&RD. Block and found that the construction of their house has remained uncompleted despite the time for completion according to the rules of the Work Order.
The police demanded T.2,000 from the vehicle with the Meghalaya number plate.
KHNAM demands that the terms of reference of the Expert Committee should be appropriate and clear, that is, the Expert Committee will verify and consider the comments received. from political parties, and the Expert Committee will also recommend to revise the appointment quota.
The death toll from the coronavirus in Mumbai has risen to 5,000 with 62 deaths today.
HSPDP General Secretary and Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar said, “We are confident that the party will stand firmly against the policies of the central government which are against the indigenous people”.
The three blocks that received the house are Mylliem, Pynursla and Mawphlang.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Rickystar Nongsiej and Lumlangkyrhai Nongsiej encouraged the young women to continue to work hard as they have achieved victory and hoped that they will continue to work hard especially in the field of “The talent that God has given us for them,” said Lumlangkyrhai Nongsiej.
He said that at present only one problem has been faced in relation to one place known as Mallang Salbari also known as Tarabari.
He passed away on May 5,
The order also requires that employees should wear masks and should not wear masks and should maintain cleanliness in all places.
Besides, the HYC War Jaintia has demanded from the CEM of JHADC to set up an institute in War Jaintia to provide training on traditional medicine and forest preservation.
After receiving permission from the PWD, the village has approached the Block authorities to request for assistance from the government through the NERGS scheme. In 2017 and until now and the work has been completed halfway there has been no complaint from the PWD, but suddenly it was said that it should be stopped.
Northeast United, East Bengal, FC Goa and Mohun Bagan have reached the semi finals of the Durand Cup
Shillong, Jymmang 2: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Ranikor Circle has announced that it will hold a meeting with all its supporters in October after the General Council of the UDP Center Body. in June 2016.
The KSU Lad Rymbai Unit, after receiving a complaint from the public on Sunday, immediately inspected the shop and found that the shop and the way of storing food and other items were in poor condition.
Thus, the UK&J Hills Appointment of Chiefs and Headmen Act 1959 was passed when the District Councils were established in
Shillong, July 14: Most of the buyers at the Khanapara cow market are from Laitlyngkot and Mawngap areas.
JOWAI: The Dorbar Soo Langdoh held its annual meeting on Tuesday at Lariang Square, Soo Langdoh Square, Ialong and announced the date of Behdieñkhlam for the year 2020 in Jowai District.
“We are sorry that the government has not taken note of our request, we have informed the central government but it has not responded, it seems that the government wants to do it by force,” he said.
This is the second book written by Bindo after Mother Teresa.
In addition, the Syeim of Nongspung Hima, said that the Hima will lodge an Ejahar against the contractor, who is well known to construct the road, so that all the facts will be revealed.
Nongpoh: Two houses owned by two brothers have caught fire at Umryngksai village at 7:30 pm this morning. suddenly and badly damaged, because all the property was destroyed by the fire.
Wailadmiki Shylla in his speech informed about the development works that have been brought to Khliehtyrshi from water supply, roads, schools and assistance to various church groups.
“This center for the elderly will also be a place where health care will be provided and to look after the welfare and happiness of the elderly residents of the area.
He said the government has already taken a decision last year to demand from the central government to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) or the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation, 1873 in the state. to the villagers of the state.
The occupation of most of the households is agriculture.
Group-I, Bhilai: RKM Football Academy (Chhattisgarh), Premier Sporting Football Academy (Bihar), TBD (Kerala), Chennaiyin FC (Tamil Nadu), The Diamond Rock FA (Madhya Pradesh) and Group-J, Goa: FC Goa (Goa), Bengaluru FC (Karnataka), ARA FC (Gujarat), Zinc Football Academy (Rajasthan).
Those who share in that visible Kingdom are those who have already experienced the kingdom of God within themselves.
The unfortunate thing is that even though you know that there is still a lot of time to recover from the time lost due to this disease, you are still holding the pistol to start the race.
Furthermore, Bah Pyniaid expressed his pride in having his own people who have appeared not only in the state but also in the sports fields of the country and the world like Bah Larry. Kharpran and Bah Torak Kharpran and with their participation to lead the Mawshbuit Boxing Club , it should not end here increase in the days and times to come, not like the jobs that are immediately large but as the days go by it will become smaller later.
It was renovated in
It was seen that the crowd, including women, had run away.
“We always take action when there are threats and we always take action to investigate these cases,” said Marak.
The union has also conveyed this issue to the DC who is the chairman of the Vidyala Management Committee (VM C) to take action on this issue.
Shillong, July 24: The BJP leadership struggle in the state has ended after the handover of the post of President by Bah Khlur Sing Lyngdoh to Ma Shibun Lyngdoh. There were differences of opinion between Bah Khlur's group and Ma Shibun's group.
“This raid was conducted on the complaint of the residents of this area and also on the complaint of a person who has been accused of illegal activities in this area, and the police have provided evidence. , before they searched this place and I don't have time to interrupt or explain this,” he added.
There are about 135 to 140 red buses operating in Shillong alone every day, excluding those undergoing repairs at the factories.
What kind of places they need to visit, what kind of cars, trains, or planes they will ride in and so on.
Therefore, now is the time for each of us to rethink our lives.
Adilbert said his allegation against the state government is because the leader and his party before contesting the 2013 elections had promised to create up to 100,000 jobs, but “Where are the promises of the Mukul Sangma government when the people are empty-handed,” said Adilbert in a statement.
Ummulong won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 69 runs in 14 overs for the loss of all wickets.
Speaking to reporters, CoRP President Bandari Ryntathiang in the presence of Pateng Marsing Working President, Doris Suleiñ Adviser and other members, said that the party is deeply saddened to receive the information. On the 27th of March, 2013, two persons including Bah Linus Umbah and Phrang Umbah together with two others were involved in the detonation of the bomb.
He said that the KHADC has been in existence since 1952 and it is on this basis that we have the land ownership documents in Meghalaya.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 20: A Mahindra Bolero (AS-01GC-2965), owned by Deepak Jammar, of 8Mer Baridua village, Ri Bhoi District, has been stolen. The right hand of the thief is not recognized.
Shillong, Naitung 29: Applications have been invited from individuals and NGOs of East Khasi Hills District who have worked tirelessly in the development and welfare of the community for the award. khusnam National Youth Award 2014-15.
“Until now, no one has asked us to issue a No Objection Certificate (NoC) to build the railway line,” he said. He has consulted with the State Government especially with the people of East Jaintia Hills District.
In the past few months, he said, police have seized three times and the largest seizure is half a kilo of heroin, once 100 grams and the third time 50 grams.
He said that during the coal blockade, the people of the state have faced many problems, but the state government has fought hard to overcome this problem so that the people can increase their income.
After seeing the erection of the temple for two or three years within the boundary of the Veterinary Department in 6 Upper Shillong, the HYC has gone to seek detailed information through the RTI Act, and found that She said that the temple was forcibly built by foreign employees of the department who live in its quarter and found that the construction of the temple was not permitted at all.
The ryngkew and basa are the founders of the country and the nation as a whole and of the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum,” said Bah Skor.
Laloo said the Sengbhalang does not trust the investigation appointed by the government.
N. Chandrababu Naidu, President of the Telugu Desam Party and former Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh, was arrested last month in connection with the possession of According to the investigation, the investigation team has confirmed that it has evidence of the activities of the former Prime Minister. state.
“If you think of the jaidbynriew as you think of these tyngshops, we would have built a monument to you,” said Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh.
Let the political parties not take advantage of this and treat it like I have been convicted.
A man has lost his life after washing his money in a washing machine for fear of dying from the coronavirus. corona virus infection in these courts.
The Government of Meghalaya in 1972 took over the Polo Race Course and gave accommodation to the CRPF. T.4750.00 per month.
Micronutrients are nutrients that our body needs in many ways, but these nutrients cannot be created and produced by the body.
It helped,” said Mr Das.
Governor Phagu Chauhan on 16th June once again assured that the government is ready to hold peace talks with the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) in accordance with the Constitution of India and within the provisions of the HNLC. Department of Home Affairs of the Central Government.
“We will sit in the opposition but we will try to do what is right as a party in the opposition even though we have only a few,” said Bah Ardent.
“What I can say is that this is not new anymore.
Sawaka Kynjing is the daughter of Maygie Kynjing and Dr. George Passah.
Speaking to media, the General Secretary of Ka Sur u Paidbah Kabri Hynniewtrep, Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, said that the party has sent a letter to the government to provide medical treatment. He said that they express their gratitude to the government as expressed by Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, for introducing the COVID-19 virus into the country. MHIS, but what the KSUP wants is that the government should treat those who have COVID-19 through this MHIS card. Taxi drivers and parking lot employees to help them, as many owners are not allowed to come to work in their homes and vehicles without earning any money.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, together with Bah Victor Rani and many other elders of Byrnihat area, on Tuesday visited Byrnihat PHC for vaccination. 19, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, expressed his deep sorrow to see that the people of the Khasi community and those living on the Meghalaya-Assam border, are not willing to take part in the injection. protect against Covid-1
There are 15 active cases in East Khasi Hills, 13 in West Garo Hills, 15 in Ri Bhoi, 16 in West Jaintia Hills, 2 in South West Khasi Hills, 3 in North Garo Hills and , East Jaintia Hills 5, West Khasi Hills 5 and East Garo Hills
He said Rahul Gandhi will arrive in Nongpoh on the 22nd of this month to attend the North East Congress Committee meeting on the 23rd of July at Byrnihat.
To take measures on this shortage, the CEM said that the Executive Committee has taken steps to increase the revenue collection for the Council.
It is worth mentioning that the CoRP leaders have taken this decision to protest at the MeECL Umiam office after receiving many complaints from the residents. MeECL has not been able to respond to the demand for electricity bills, the sudden increase in electricity bills and many other reasons.
