It can be said that hundreds of people have demanded and shouted to open the cinema because they want to watch too much of the film 'Ka Juk'
The Indian government today banned 118 Chinese apps, including PUBG, the Information and Technology Ministry said in a statement.
“On our part, we have passed the Clan Bill introduced by HS Shylla during his tenure as CEM but with some amendments to it,” said Bah Ryntathiang. He said that the bill introduced by HS Shylla during his tenure as CEM of KHADC had a conflict and affected the Kurs, but now they have come to discuss the bills of KHADC. the District Council and some improvements have been made.
This means that if there are 86% of the backward groups in Meghalaya, then they should get 86% of the representation in the government.
On receiving the information, Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh went to inspect and informed the Deputy Commissioner to send Gram Sevaks to take stock of the damage.
“And his tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven” Revelation 12:4
The reason why God created you is only to love and serve Him faithfully in this world, so that you may, once a day, go to live with Him forever in Heaven.
2,078 water testing stations have been set up and out of these, 1,122 have been NABL recognized. To improve awareness on water quality, more than 21 lakh women have been trained in rural areas to test Samples were tested using the Field Test Kit (FTK).
Through the letter, the Waheh Shnongs also warned that if the BSF troops are not withdrawn immediately, there will be a mass protest between the people and the army.
At the same time, consumers are determining how to make money.
Speaking to reporters after the filing of nomination papers on 6th June, the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) candidate from Pynthorumkhrah constituency, Bah Mayborn Lyngdoh, said that The people have appointed him as their leader and the top priority he has expressed is in the field of education to allow children from poor families to attend school free of charge under the Right to Education. Act, 2019 and also expressed the lack of scholarships for the students which has led to delays in the management of this money for the students.
Besides these three, another company named is the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ) and according to the letter, the names of the shareholders of the company are Clifford. Kharsyntiew, Bokstar Kurkalang, Karishma Jain, Karan Jain, Reshmi Rohit Jain, and Kenneth Fletcher Rangad.
He added that although the state is an agricultural state, the government has not only been involved in agriculture but has also looked far ahead for the future of the youth in the next 10 years. which creates opportunities for them to earn a living from the following opportunities such as tourism, IT jobs and other income opportunities for the educated youth in the future.
Shillong, July 12: The government's deployment of Home Guard Police along with Traffic Police has helped to curb traffic jam in Shillong.
When I was a child, in our village of Nongkrong, the first teacher was a babu who had passed class-I from Patharkhnang.
They were arrested from Iawmusiang opposite the DC office, Jowai at 3 pm.
The flag raising ceremony will be attended by JYF, JSU, FKJGP, MPUF, HSU, AJSU, HNYF, RJYF, JSM, PAJP, JNC, KSU, HANM, NWYF and AJHSWO. currently waiting for permission request response.
(iii) To avoid public gatherings in the same place:- In Meghalaya and West Jaintia Hills District, it has been found that the rapid spread of Covid-19 is due to funerals and funerals. at weddings.
Many of these schools on the list have had many incidents of malpractice and fraud during the Board and Competitive. Examinations in the past year.
The shangkhawiah has already been shrip by those ethnic parties who have lost their identity, if ethnic parties like the VPP can really involve the people of Ri Khasi for the sake of building but the righteousness of the righteous is not without the wealth of corruption.
Martle has been an MLA for four terms since 1988 from the former Dienglieng and was defeated in 2008 by the United Democratic Party candidate Bah Remington Pyngrope who defected to the NPP. Police have arrested UBC/1160 Mebanson Shylla, 34, of Langkyrding and Franky Wahlang, of the same village.
Here are some important ideas that we can draw from the Greek word Makarios.
Jowai, Lber 27: A woman from Barato village, West Jaintia Hills today lodged a complaint with the police that her son Riwanshias Dhar has been shot dead and seriously injured by five others. people from the same village.
Shillong, March 13: With a view to the upcoming MLA elections in 2023, the Government today ordered to implement the Dearness Allowance or Dearness Relief with an increase from 25% to at 28%.
Nongpoh: Ka Ringkom uni Marak, one of the prominent leaders of the Garo community in Umtyrnga, has strongly condemned the actions of the owners of the quarries including Ajay Lama and Commission Khyriem, who have been arrested. several workers inside their quarries and injured in the incident at Ajay Lama quarry, which killed and injured many people .
He said the government has information on the involvement of politicians and insurgents in the past years which has prompted the government to look into verifying this.
“Has the Government decided to reject the findings of the inquiry report and under whose direction? How many will be punished for not protecting the interest of the State," said the note from the former Chief Minister.
After the outbreak of COVID-19, the authorities had planned to reopen but it is understood that once the equipment has been suspended for more than a year, the equipment has had to be replaced and the budget of MCCL is not sufficient. ," he added. Therefore, a letter has been written to the state government to investigate how to find ways and means to revive it.
There were three men in the Swift and one of the passengers in front sustained minor injuries.
The Deputy Commissioner, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, encouraged the students to be strong and stand firm against drugs. He expressed his concern that Meghalaya has been affected by drugs and congratulated the police for taking the initiative to fight against drugs. He urged all the residents to cooperate in the fight against drugs and said, “I hope that this program will bring about change in the society”. , he expressed his special thanks to the police force for taking action in the fight against drugs and for bringing about a drug free society.
He said that the work on the Lamphang's room, the Prime Minister's room, the Ministers' Room, the Conference Hall, the Canteen and the Officers' Room are in progress.
At the same time, the court said that the four members of the HYC have already filed an affidavit and a copy of the affidavit has been handed over to the CBI counsel. affidavit apologizing without any conditions on the incident, but they were allowed to file a supplementary affidavit within two months.
The program was conducted by Bah Denis Kurkalang, Coordinator of JHDS in the presence of Director of JHDS Fr.Manbha Pakem, staff and members of JHDS. Christmas Cake and distributed gifts to 134 children from poor families.
Nongstoiñ, June 15: A terrible fire has destroyed the house of Piyoris Tynhiang of Mawdongkiang village in Mawshynrut area.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday urged the officers of the Meghalaya Civil Service (MCS) to have a sense of responsibility in their service to their duties. for the development of the State.
Till July 2015, police have seized 851 vehicles for violating the traffic rules and fined T.3.14 lakh.
UDP officials who attended the meeting included UDP President Dr. Donkupar Roy, Vice President Allantry F Dkhar, Pretty Kharpyngrope President Women's Wing, District Secretary Teiñwell Dkhar. and other leaders of the party.
In the match between Iawmulong Nartiang and Pynthorlangteiñ, the match came to an end where Iawmulong Nartiang beat Pynthorlangteiñ 3-1 goals to win the title.
Sohra received 24.7 to 17.0 mm of rainfall, while Umiam received 27.9 or 17.6 mm of rainfall.
Two men in their 20s were shot dead in a shooting in the city on Saturday night, authorities in the French city of Marseille said.
Whom shall we send, or shall we leave the place without guard, for whatever we do will be opposed?
The Chief Minister said that the project worth Rs 560 crore has been implemented with the hard work and responsibility of the present government, which has the desire to include Garo Hills in the list. map of the country as one of the potential regions for electricity generation.
These goods were intended to be delivered to Sankar Lal Roy, MG Bazar, Tripura West.
The question paper was conducted as for the Matriculation Examination with 80 marks for the Internal Assessment and 20 marks for the Internal Assessment.
Has the Government done anything to the Khar motors in the market? How to beat the Khasi who live in the field.
This philosophy does not accept that there are indigenous peoples who love their own land, land, forests and mountains, rivers, animals, wildlife and fish. -dophenate.
He said that although the disease has spread well in the state, but according to the directive received from the Secretary of the State Government, the protocols are the same as the protocols of the first wave.
The rally was held by the Tongseng Dorbar Shnong on Friday.
He said that the ownership of the land has been discussed, where there is uncertainty from all sides who owns the land and who owns the dulir and who owns the land.
These Dkhars claimed that they were working on the signboard on the border with Lyngkhat.
“In the next 2-3 days, we will bring a bill in the House to appoint those who want to contest elections to the State Legislative Assembly or Parliament,” said Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of State for Home Affairs. Assam Education Department in the House today.
They said that some of them had a little food with pylleng, but others had only Singara and chips and fruiti juice.
Out of the 12 finalists in 13 bouts, 10 were able to claim victory.
RRR tyngshop Jr NTR has spoken about the beauty of Brad Pitt and also expressed his desire to work with him in films.
The meeting will be held from primary, upper, secondary to higher secondary levels. They are requested to attend the meeting, said ED Nongsiang and RS Marbaniang. co-conveners by Ex-Deficit School Teachers of Meghalaya,Shilong.
The former CEM of KHADC said that the people who were present at the public meeting of the Dorbar Ri Ka Bri Hynniewtrep on the 30th when the VAB was announced, did not know that it was a modified VAB. felt the public had been misled.
Also present on the occasion were BJP candidate Dr. Evarist Myrsing, President BJP Mawhati Mandal, Bah Shanborlang Rympei and other BJP leaders from the state and Ri Bhoi District. .
Shillong, June 28: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has allowed the United Democratic Party (UDP) to hold a protest in front of the Additional Secretariat tomorrow to protest against the excessive power outage in the district. this state, which has affected the livelihoods of the people.
Pyndapborthiaw Saibon was re-elected as the President of KHNAM, Thomas Passah as the Working President and other members.
Shillong, March 31: The Secretary to the Legal Affairs Department of the State Government of Meghalaya, today announced that all the laws passed by the Government have not disappeared since the creation of Meghalaya. who is lost.
The JHTOA has requested all truck owners to attend the meeting so that the objectives of the JHTOA can be implemented smoothly.
About 1300 men and women runners including residents and security personnel took part in the race.
In what form do parents poison their own children? I will tell you so that you may know.
According to investigation, the mail was sent from a person who admitted, “I have already planted bombs inside the courts of all over India.
In another development, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) through its Central Executive Committee meeting held today strongly condemned the attack on KSU members by the authorities in Ichamaty yesterday.
The Seng has expressed its gratitude to the Health Department for not implementing the rules and regulations of the country, but unfortunately, the Local MLA Lahkmen Rymbui has not implemented the rules and regulations. The Seng has been fighting since 2018 and until now to upgrade the PHC Jaraiñ to a Sub-Divisional Hospital in Amlarem which is the right. The Sub-Divisional Head Quarter has decided not to upgrade the PHC Jaraiñ to this hospital.
About 25 players from the North East zone have been selected by the BCCI for the camp.
Things are getting done.
Rev GP Kharpan will preach on Good Friday and Rev M. Pyngrope will preach on Easter Sunday.
Shillong, July 15 : U BJP MLA from Pynthorumkhrah, who is also a former Minister of State, on Tuesday said that many parties have come to invite him to contest the 2023 MLA elections. .
There is a lot of money allocated by the Central Government through the Minority Affairs Department for the construction of the stadium,” said the Tura MDC.
He said that his decision to apply for ticket even though there is an MDC is for a reason and he hopes that the party leaders will consider carefully.
Those coming from Amalarem Parish and War Jaintia Hills will enter directly from Lad Demthring to Moodymmai.
It is worth mentioning that the Behdeinkhlam of Chyrmang was the first to be held in Jaintia Hills, followed by the Raj of Jowai and Tuber.
Read about each scheme of the Ministry of Cooperation, Government of India by visiting its website, and move forward in such a way that each PACS becomes the center of power and development in your community. .
But what we are going to talk about now is Jingiw, what kind of Jingiw? The love of Christ for us Christians.
The cost of construction of these seven buildings is estimated to exceed T 60.16 crore.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Sanbor said that these employees have made a great contribution to the society and without them, the state could have been shaken especially the villages.
Shillong, July 16: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the state government has not yet taken any decision to set up an ANVC (B) headquarters in West Khasi Hills.
The Government of India has released 500 metric tonnes to Delhi today and the state needs 700 metric tonnes.
On the other hand, the union under the leadership of Samla Shanlang Diengdoh General Secretary and members welcomed Samla Rinalis Ingti, a student of OM Roy Higher Secondary School, Umsohlait, Ribhoi District.
The Minister of Electricity, AT Mondal on Tuesday said that the date for the closure of the dam will be announced.
There is no medicine, no fertilizer, no work.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government is taking action to investigate and combat the smuggling of rnga in the state. Meghalaya Charcoal Rules, 2008, as amended in
This medicine will affect you very much.
Besides, expressing the lack of progress in many areas of the state, the CM said that in the past five years, the MDA government has been able to take action on many issues.
I received an explanation of the deterioration of lead from a talk in Guwahati in October.
The 6th MLP Battalion, which started on 1st November from Umran Niangbyrnai, has distributed 2000 blankets to 29 villages in Ri Bhoi District including villages in Ri Bhoi District. Assam borders Meghalaya.
The High Court of Meghalaya in its hearing on the 19th of this month, has ordered the state government to ensure that it takes all necessary measures to ensure that these students do not miss the examination. class XII. The government should conduct a special examination for these students to complete their studies and they should fill up the application forms on or before 15th March, 2017, where the MbOSE is I don't have a syllabus.
He said that the road from Mawlasnai is planned to connect Bhoirymbong to Nartiang.
Once clean in money gain confidence.
Of course, we feel sorry for our Khasi-Pnar youth but to take hasty decisions will be harmful, and whatever we take will be beneficial forever,” said Bah Ronnie.
She started her work today at the NCW office in New Delhi.
So far, the Voice of the People Party (VPP) has already announced its candidate for the MP election while other parties are still waiting.
Also present on the occasion were members of the KJP Synod East and West, Doctors, Nurses, Hospital staff, EL Warjri ADM WJHD, Pa Dolloi Jowai District Poramon Kynjing, President Seinraij Jowai OR Challam, the Pastor of the Tymmen Basan and others.
He said that many thefts of vehicles have occurred in the area and CCTV cameras should be installed in the area to track down those involved in these crimes.
When asked why he said that the VPP is Prah from West Bengal, Pyniaid said he will explain in detail one day and the people will understand and be surprised.
Thus, the knowledge and understanding are abundant, that is, the science and technology that God has given to man.
The King of Martial Arts Association (MTAM) today announced that four of its players will leave for the tournament. IFMA World Muaythai Championship, which will be held in Bangkok, Thailand from 4th to 13th June
These young men who returned have walked a journey of five days that will be remembered in their lives.
Dr.P.Nongtdu in his speech praised the work of Rotary Club Jowai as an organization that serves the welfare of the community and encouraged those who have been awarded the honor to continue to work hard for the work assigned to them. they.
The CEO directed the DEO to take strict action against the Polling Officials of the Polling Station who allowed to carry mobile phones and shondur inside the polling station, after investigation.
“The delay of the government in implementing the market has put the shopkeepers in great surprise because all those who have registered have not been able to know whether they have received their share in the market. The shopkeepers in Nongpoh have been affected and destroyed due to the construction of the National Highway to Fourlane. “It will encourage them to open shops again in the MUDA market,” said Bah Rymbai.
Shillong: Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma today demanded from the state government and the central government to conduct universal vaccination for all citizens, including children to be protected from the third wave of Covid -1
The death toll worldwide has risen to 7,000, with Italy having the highest number of deaths after China.
“We have sent a petition to the Supreme Court against the Rule of Citizenship (Amendment) Act, 2019, and requested the Supreme Court to suspend the implementation of this Act. NESO Chairman Samuel Jyrwa said in a statement from Delhi.
Until now, the NPP has been able to attract 8-10 MLAs from other parties while the UDP has been able to attract 5 or more MLAs, the BJP has attracted 5 or more MLAs. 2-4 people.
The ban has affected the government's revenue collection from kyiad.
The donation meeting was held at the KJP Girls Higher Secondary School, Shillong.
A senior government official, who did not want to be named on 18th June, said that the ARSS may withdraw from the project, but the reason is unclear.
“The State is preparing to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of its full independence, but Jowai, our beloved village, doesn't have a full garbage dump even though Jowai is considered as the capital of Jaintia Hills. ," said Ma Shallam.
In the U-17 men's category, the match between Sibsingh Memorial Govt.
Noting that his speech in the House was only an opinion to the Prime Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma accused the Prime Minister of taking the matter outside the House to give his opinion. This legal notice shall be sent to the Prime Minister.
These commandos will be deployed to fight insurgency and some have been selected to maintain peace and order and other public protests.
The Meghalaya State Enterprise Architecture (MeghEA) project is a policy to restructure the departments of the Meghalaya government to make it easier to work with the people, in trade and government services.
Laitphar Syngkrem, Publicity Secretary, KSU Jaintia Hills, in a statement, said that these foreign workers have been forcibly guarding the toll gate when the local workers are not present.
Women are not allowed to carry out the work of the village, except, in this age, to take part in the Dorbar Shnong.
“As of now, Meghalaya does not have its own Indian Police Service (IPS) officers but they have to hire those from the Assam Batch.
Furthermore, he has other jewelry, including a locket, which is made in the image of Hanuman, made of pure gold.
In the field of trade, while the foreigner lives in small shops, over the years he increases the size of the organization, but our children live in big shops and most of them run and close. for the seed is dead.
There are 12 places to pick up and drop off children on this road including the football ground at Umpling, Nongrah Presbyterian Church, Nongrah Mawshyieng, Nongrah, Lapalang Road, Lumbatngen (Law U Sib), bus stop at Demthring, Nongkhyriem, Nongthymmai, Jylli Shop, Fire Brigade, and Pine Mount School.
Speaking on the occasion, BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh and Vice President JA Lyngdoh, who is also the BJP spokesperson, denied the reports that the BJP is against Christians. It is only news to promote the BJP which has become wise in this state and in this country.
Shillong, March 20: Monila Sangma, 52, was injured when she was standing in line to enter the border market at Lalpani, East Khasi Hills District.
(L) Rev. Dr. Iarington Kharkongngor, who worked with Bah Joy and was his Personal Assistant during his tenure as MLA, said: “His volunteers help him, they work physically and spiritually to help him without the expectation of money, food...they fulfill your own room... in relation to elections.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah and Chairman of the High Level Committee, today said that the Urban Development Department has taken over the Sweepers Lane. After the signing of a soskular between the Urban Development Department, the Shillong Municipal Board and the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, the Cabinet will meet again for the reuse of the land.
During the meeting, the Diocese of Jowai not only cooperated with the government but also proposed 18 schools within the Diocese such as Syiem Jingsuk Secondary School Amlarem, St. Mary Mazzarello Higher. Secondary School Jowai, Tome Memorial Secondary School Jowai, Little Flower Secondary School Ummulong, Khrist Syiem Secondary School Namdong, Lum Assisi Secondary School Khanduli, St.Peter Secondary School Barato, St.Dominic Higher Secondary School Mowkyndeng, St.Claret Secondary School, Mooksiang ( Phramer), Holy Cross Higher Secondary School Umkiang, Divine Word Secondary School Lumshnong, Khliehriat Higher Secondary School Khliehriat, St.Anthony College Byndihati, Good Shepherd Secondary School Ladrymbai, Holy Trinity Secondary School Sutnga, St.Peter Secondary School Iongkaluh Secondary School, Tluh Tluh and Auzilium Secondary School Lamarsiang to become isolation centers if the government needs.
He wanted Tejashwi Yadav to go to jail and therefore said the CBI team should have expedited the investigation,” Sushil Modi was quoted as saying. .
He said that in the past there were only 3 or 4 political parties contesting the elections, but this time there are 12 political parties.
Wanlamjingjop Syiemlieh scored the first goal of the match in the 13th minute.
Khliehriat, Nailur 6: Leaders of the Jaintia National Council (JNC) led by its President, Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh, on Tuesday met with the Symbud Chief Minister, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar to demand that the Meghalaya Government should take action against the government. You have not sent a letter to the Government of Assam to transfer the Block-I area to Meghalaya.
All these 10 candidates today took oath to contest the 2023 election from the constituencies in Ri Bhoi, Meghalaya.
Shillong: The ADMA Musical Club Mawryngkneng has been participating in the wedding ceremony of the youth of Hynniewtrep for many years.
The meeting was conducted by Ma K Passah Assistant Director Sports & Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya. A short speech was delivered by Bah BL Nongbet DSO Ribhoi District. Important.
“We have expressed our concern over the robbery of a church in Narayanpur, Chattisgarh and also over the recent letter from the Assam Police seeking information on churches in Assam,” said Bishop Jose.
“When we win, we will continue to work and improve what the former MLAs have done and to bring about more development works and changes for the benefit of the entire community.
Nongstoiñ, November 11: “As the days and years go by, the people of Khasi Jaintia Hills, should ask questions on the important demands that (L) Hopingstone Lyngdoh has raised. Former MLA/MDC Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, said Bah KP Pangniang, former MLA/MDC of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency.
She has received distinction in 6 subjects including E, M, S&T, SSc, CSc, Kh.
We understand that only the government and its agencies can levy taxes on goods including food and beverages.
Witnesses said that if the fire brigade does not arrive soon, the fire will spread to other shops and could cause a fire. which will cause a lot of damage to the shops in the market.
She said that traditional music is not only to be preserved but in this age it is also a source of employment for the youth where many colleges and schools have been introduced in their schools.
However, when investigating further, it is not clear how the company operates.
She said it would be dangerous if the third world war was about water but she said that water should not be a cause of conflict between friendship.
The Commissioner and Secretary, Education, Bah DP Wahlang today said that the government has decided to increase the salary of adhoc teachers to 100 percent across the state for secondary and higher secondary schools. .
Before reaching Tangmang village, there was also a brief argument between another doctor, Bah Donbor Malngiang, and the demon that lived in the body of Bah Mit. When Bah Mit speaks, his voice is like a woman's voice and he speaks in Pnar, “I love that child” are the voices that come out of the mouth of Bah Mit, and so on. What is more surprising is that at the time of the demon's torture, he speaks only in the Pnar language, but after it has been released, he remembers to speak in the War language.
Therefore, the KSU strongly opposes how the company can collect revenue when the road has not been repaired and on this basis the KSU has closed down the toll plaza at Lumshnong.
And this statement also speaks to the youth of this generation to follow in the footsteps of the Apostle Paul and Timothy to preach the word of God at the right time and at the wrong time, because it is the POWER of him. God.
It is the individuals who do not say whether it is the party or the party or the District Council.
Regarding the award, the RBYF leaders said that the reason why the RBYF has congratulated this young man is because he is the only one who has received the award. The opportunity to take part in this competition, which was attended by other climbers from across the country.
Earlier, a speech was delivered by Chief Secretary KS Kropha, who said that victory will depend on the cooperation of a group of officers and political leaders.
According to the rules of the tournament, all the nine teams have already arranged their schedule where the matches against all the six teams along with three matches will be held. at home and three games away.
“Many times the father does not live with the mother and the children are lyngkar and have become involved in anti-social activities,” he said.
Jowai, Lber 30: The 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2022 was held at the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today. Kiang Nangbha Stadium, Jowai.
An 8-year-old child has lost his life after being hit by a thunderstorm.
“I'm sorry, Mei now.
Shillong, November 09: Sohra MLA TW Chyne today met with the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma to demand the release of the 10 month salary of the employees of MCCL, Sohra.
Some of them are still in West Bengal, some of them have traveled to Hyderabad, Delhi, Jammu and Kashmir.
Even our Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, came to witness the war between India and Bangladesh in
MLA Stephanson Mukhim inaugurated the program in the presence of BDO B.Sungoh, B.Blah MCS, Dr.D Lyngdoh, teachers, school children and others. to others.
He said that the department will work with the education department to include the subject Climate Change in school textbooks.
Even to see the place of their burial on Surok Mukroh, the body was covered with shock.
Until now, businesses and schools have been closed in the country and public testing is ongoing in seven major cities of the country.
The desire of the paid knup paid trap, who is selfish, is different, like day and night, from the desire of these businessmen cum politicians, who have had the opportunity to enter again like this, to the Legislative Assembly of the State.
The chief guest was Gaingongdin Panmei, Financial Advisor to the NEC, Sherry Lalthangzo, Economic Advisor to the NEC, Rangbah Shnong of Nongrim. Hills, Bah Bantylli Nari, which was also witnessed by the employees of both the offices.
On the other hand, the party said that it will forever commemorate the leaders and members of their predecessors who sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country and the nation.
As it turns out, children love their mother more than their father.
Rida was pleased to hear this from the mouth of the Rangbah Shnong.
You are the Gentiles.
Shillong: U Bah Fairson Kharjana, Headmaster of Mitchangdong Nongsyllei Secondary School, Lawbyrtun, on Tuesday expressed his disappointment over the issuance of a directive by the Ministry of Education regarding the proposal to conduct the examination selection. The examination for private students will start on the 25th of this month in East Khasi Hills and on the 1st of this month in West Khasi Hills.
West Jaintia Police Cricket Club, which won the toss, tied first and scored 123 runs.
Bara FC will play against Umkaber SC at 3 pm.
The youth union also strongly condemned the burning of houses, including a church in parts of Imphal East on the second day.
“Moitra said that the BJP and the NPP are fighting drama for the people now, and they are blaming each other, but they are the same, and they are eating from the same plate.
The team arrived in Shillong on 13th November and will return on 17th November.
The indigenous people of Meghalaya have a close relationship with the land.
There are many reasons for the decline of this school and the main reason is the lack of teachers in many departments and now we see that there are only Guest Lecturers instead of Full Lecturers. Time Professor and Asst. Professor," he said.
In the present age, the ayurvedic system has been able to be improved.
He said that drugs have now spread even to small villages in the countryside.
There are 22,010 people undergoing treatment and 7,026 people have recovered and 23.44% have recovered.
Through this film, our aim is to spread awareness about the list of these RTC dishes, which has been done well in terms of preparing these delicious dishes that Indians love to eat.
At the same time, he congratulated and encouraged the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawkyrwat Circle for organizing such a football tournament to promote the name 'U Sngap Sing Syiem' The 1st Sngap Sing Syiem Football Tournament 2022 will be held to showcase to the world how to gather together for the youth of the district to have unity among the Khasi people. and also throughout the Bri u Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
Mairang Presbyterian English Secondary School won the Best Team Event title in the men's category and Khatsaw-phra Higher Secondary School won the women's category.
However, by ignoring the teachings of their religions, these believers are the ones who destroy the society, the politics in the villages and in the state or even the country.
Shillong: The Union of Village Authorities of Nongthymmai Pyllun today met with the Minister of State for Rural Development, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar and submitted a letter to him requesting clarification on the My Village My Plan.
FKJGP – Khliehriat Circle strongly condemns Train Phawa for robbing and injuring two village leaders of Tuber Kmai Village East Jaintia.
These are not pleasant news and show that the Supply Department has not done its job well, especially the DDS, Inspectors and other field staff.
There were 279 cases in Chennai alone and 1,867 cases in connection with the Koyambedu market.
Shillong: The East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (EKHLTWA) on Saturday confirmed its new office bearers. 2022 at Polytechnic Shillong.
It was between 2:00am and 3:00am that the truck was suddenly set on fire and it was at that time that the handyman was surprised and came out to see that the truck had caught fire.
Anwar Ali replaced Jhingan against Lebanon in the semi final and played well against the Lebanese players.
Without much ado, the SDO accepted the suggestion of the union and on 3.05.2020, the market was opened at Mawksing, Wahpathaw Urksew village under Ppynursla. SDO of Civil Sub Division Pynursla in the presence of BDO of Pynursla Block, Rangbah Shnong of Urksew and others.
The Government is still discussing the Roster System and the Principal Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, said on 24th June, 2023, that there has been no discussion yet. In the past three days, we have witnessed the influx of people from all over the city and surrounding areas, men and women, parents and especially the youth, to the venue. Ardent said that the VPP's demand to revise the Reservation Policy according to the number of paid is grounded.
Former State President of the BJP, Bah Shibun Lyngdoh, expressed his satisfaction with the large number of people who came to join the BJP party on this day. He said that the BJP is not a party that distributes money but a party that calls for jobs and not for distributing money.
However, the most important way to fight against this disease is not to plant any trees from infected areas, or to plant only those varieties of trees that are not affected by the disease. more catch them.
Usman fled to a village and took three villagers to help guide him to escape from the police. However, the school was closed due to protests. During the incident, the suspect took out an AK-47 rifle to shoot at the police. It is believed that there was a fight between the suspect and the villagers who forced him to leave. and did not allow him to flee until the police arrived.
On the same day, leaders of the All India Congress Committee (AITC) Meghalaya led by Vice President George B. Lyngdoh left to encourage the Adhoc School teachers who are staging a peaceful protest.
“We know that this scheme is not an MLA or MDC scheme but a scheme of the people,” he said.
Tripura has experienced extreme heat waves in recent days with temperatures rising to 39 and 40 degrees Celsius.
In this regard, the demand of the long-kmie organizations to take part in the village development work.
Therefore, the pleasure of others without knowing God, who is God? It will be exactly the same as pleasing the little ones.
We will take the VAB back to work”.
Dr Anjalee M Shangpliang, Coordinator Women Cell of Lady Keane College, said that the college has organized this program as part of the celebration of International Women's Day.
At the same time, he said that it is through the good work of the NPP and its ability to bring about many development projects that many leaders whether MLAs or MDCs want to cooperate and contest from the NPP. NPP in the upcoming elections.
This appearance of Bah made her sleep and she fell asleep until near the cow's milk.
The number of cases of COVID-19 in Assam has risen to 16, three of whom are from Goalpara and have just returned from a Tablighi Jamaat service at Nizamuddin in New Delhi.
When it comes to the soul, various religions teach that the soul is a gift from God and without the soul man or woman cannot live.
Shillong, Naitung 15: U Blosswell Lyngkhoi and members of the Women's Protection Association (SKPA) of Ngunraw (SWKH) village have lodged a complaint with the Mawkyrwat Police Station. Sainfull Pahsyntiew, Paros Wanniang and Bonarlin Turnia have violated the village law by selling illegal kyiad inside the village. Shillong, Naitung 15: Is the report of the investigation into the Shella-Bhola Ganj Block unclean and biased?
It is for this reason that God cast him out of the second heaven: There he lives with his followers, the demons, a place of darkness far away from this world. , which is the dense atmosphere.
“The eastern region is a place where they will come and stay and this will have a serious impact on the villagers of this region.
Kurnool Superintendent of Police Raghurami Reddy said Pinckney was arrested from Gurgaon on Tuesday and brought back after receiving an order.
“It's nice to remember the past but what about the future?” said Meiieid.
The renaming of the project was lodged by the Union Minister of State for Child Development, John Barla, as it was done without the knowledge of the Union Government.
He also warned the government not to delay the implementation of the Expert Committee to improve the Reservation Policy as this is an issue that the people of the country have been demanding for a long time.
For example if the father has established a shop in his clan but after the death of the father the same shop can be taken over by the sons so the name and clan of that shop remains and it shall be healed.
Seven colleges from the city have come to take part in the Seng Khasi College Invitational Basketball Competition which was held at the basketball ground of the college in Weiking, Jaiaw, Shillong.
Seven colleges from the city have come to take part in the Seng Khasi College Invitational Basketball Competition which was held at the basketball ground of the college in Weiking, Jaiaw, Shillong.
What farmers need most today and even in the past is the following:.
“I have never experienced an EC like this which is really working and which is the authority of us the Hima,” said Paiem Latho.
Many people have asked, “Is the FKJGP a political party?” How can the FKJGP Central Body remain silent and not expel the party or punish it properly for using and changing the Does the FKJGP in Mawlai have the right to join the political party?
He said the intention of the RDA is to work together to produce one candidate by consensus as unity will be more difficult.
In this regard, the District Magistrate has ordered all liquor shops in the District including Bars, Canteens, Pyrsi liquor shops and others to close on the said day.
Wailad said that although he has been an MLA only once, he has tried to bring about many development works in Jowai constituency including roads in Jowai.
She also said that we should be careful not to be misled and we should say, “NO to alcohol”.
Bah Shanbor said first, “Greetings to you too.
He said that he was sent for testing at Woodland Hospital on 21.06.2016, and after receiving the report, the doctors said that it was metastatic squamous cell carcinoma. , in which the doctors told him that he would have to be operated on, and the price was low.
The Santosh Trophy is scheduled to be held from 21st June to 9th October next year in Arunachal Pradesh.
Bhasco de Saikia, working president of the Raijor Dal, the party led by Gogoi, said, “The government wants to imprison him, but now their intention is not to. it has become a great shame".
The woman is a native of Daistong village under Saipung C&RD Block and came to Khliehriat to work with her 7 year old son.
He said that to provide electricity to the villages, MeECL will build new ones at a cost of T.25.18 lakh according to the DPR under the Deen Dayal Upadhya Gram Jyoti Yojana scheme and handed over to the Electricity Department in November. 2015.
There will be volunteers to show you where to park.
Participants include doctors, engineers, college teachers, youth and children under 15 years of age.
Referring to the youth's protest against unemployment, Bah Mawrie said that this issue is in line with the BJP's objective. The BJP will look into these issues related to unemployment in the state first.
Shillong: Fourteen people have died of covid-19 in the state, including Play Phawa, 74, of Iongkaluh, Khliehriat. Esman Kharsyntiew, 72, of Sadew died at home on 30-05-2021 Raj Kumar Purajay, 78, of Laitumkhrah was admitted to Civil Hospital Shillong on 25-0 -2021Leo Lyttan Wahlang, 73, of Lower Mawprem, died on 1-06-2021Died on 1-06-2 Seniorita Nongkynrih, 70, of Mawlai Iewrynghep, was admitted to Civil Hospital Shillong on 31-05-2 Kliancy Synrem, 80, of Mawngap Mawkharshiing, Shillong, passed away on 31-05-2 Elizabeth Marboh, 68, of Mawlynrei, was admitted to Supercare Hospital Shillong on 15-05-2021. She died on 31-05-2 Ratan Singh Rana, 66, of Nongrah, was admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital on 31-05-2021 and died on 31-05-2 April B.Lyngdoh, 69, of Raid Laban, Shillong, died on 31-05-2021Died on 31-05-2 : Covid-19 Pneumonia Raphael Kshiar, 42, of Upper Nongthymmai, was admitted to Bethany Hospital Shillong on 21-05-2 59 from Mawlai Umshing died at Bethany Hospital on 15-5-2021 Starlan Kharlyngdoh, 45 from Nonglang were admitted to Corona Care Centre, Mawkyrwat 2021Died on 31-05-2021Cause of death: Covid-19 Positive with co-morbidities.
This was announced by the Managing Director of Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL), Sanjay Goyal in reply to a question on the condition of the bridge. .
“Although I have been in the party for a long time, but those who have just joined the party want to force me to apply for ticket and I will do it according to the rules of the party. party “.
Shillong, Lber 17: The BJP MDC from Tura, Bernard N Marak, on Tuesday said that in Garo Hills, the Central Scheme Monitoring Committee (CSMC) has done many things including the names of those beneficiaries who have been left by the Gram Sevaks in the Block.
Another CBI team in collaboration with the army raided the residence of West Bengal Municipal Minister and Kolkata Mayor Firhad Hakim on Sunday morning.
The match between Saindur Mihmyntdu Sports Club and Lumsliar Sports Club also ended in a draw after both sides scored three goals each.
Suting also questioned why the Principal Secretary has brought in the mini-secretariat and the PWD office instead of the agriculture department as there are still many farmers in the constituency. .
Shillong: Police of Saipung Police Station, East Jaintia Hills District have arrested a man suspected of involvement in the robbery and murder of Bah Kumno Sukhalin at Wah village, East Jaintia Hills District. Tyra is located inside the village of Daistong.
Those who have earned a living have taken up to three or four vehicles and it is no longer heard that there are still those who are suffering from poverty because almost all of them have earned a living.
In the first leg, Seng Khasi College beat Shillong Commerce College 30-11 while St Edmund's College beat Synod College 26-1 14 while St Mary's College beat Lady Keane College 17-9
Regarding the lack of facilities inside the classrooms, the leaders of the Sengbhalang urged the government through the Education Department, that before opening schools, it should provide all the necessary facilities so that that it shall not disturb the children who go to school.
Many parents don't want to take part in bad things in society, that's why they teach their children to have good behavior and good manners from an early age by teaching them to say 'please' ' and 'thank you'.
Earlier, Donbok President of HITO said that after more than an hour of talks, the District Administration said that they have already held talks with the Assam Government. They also sought ways for HITO to meet and discuss the demands of the union before the officials of the Assam Government.
It is learned that the reason why the CEM has decided to remove these three persons is after allegations have emerged in recent days that the Dy.CEM has an intention to remove the posts of these three persons. They wanted to join the Congress party and get the top power for themselves.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Police has invited applications from applicants to fill 2968 vacancies in the departments. various functions of the Meghalaya Police.
The next home match will be on Saturday against TRAU who are also at the bottom of the tournament.
“We have requested to set up three points to check the movement of overloaded trucks, one at Umshyrpi, one at ISBT and one at Polo.
He said that if these tourist attractions are provided, it will attract more tourists and it will be of great benefit to the residents and will increase the income. paper.
The Sun stood exactly in the middle of the sky (Noon) and was not in a hurry to set as if it were another day.
This is what you have to do.
The number of new cases of COVID-19 in the past 24 hours has dropped and the number of recoveries and deaths has dropped to 9 on Friday.
Carness Sohshang, MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency, R. Mawroh, Principal Consultant, DHTE, Shillong, teachers who are Principals, Vice Principals, Headmasters and Headmasters of schools along with the members of the Managing Committee who attended the ceremony.
Shillong, June 01 : A man has been arrested from a village in Nongpoh on the 31st of this month for raping and giving birth to his wife. of a 15-year-old sister.
The king's daughter ran to her father and said, “Father!
Shillong, Nailur 24: According to the 2011-2012 census, Meghalaya's imports of meat from abroad have reached T.79 crore.
In this regard, there is also a condemnation of the police shooting of people, when they were able to stop them without any shooting.
Therefore, the state government authorities and NGOs like KSU, FKJGP, HYC, HANN, HNYF and others urge all the residents to help ensure that these 40 lakh foreigners from Assam are sent. to enter this state of ours, especially in the Bri u 7trep.
There is nothing better than to work hard in any job, whether small or large, than to depend on others.
The program ended with a traditional music fest with traditional music.
San, the problem in Shillong is that we don't have an Urban Governance Council.
Three women have been elected, including the MLA from Shillong East Dr. M Ampareen Lyngdoh, the MLA from Sutnga Saipung, Santa Mary Shylla and the MLA from Ampati. , by Mian D Shira.
Even the law enforcement agencies themselves will find it difficult to track down the criminals because they cannot see who is in the vehicles.
Regarding this initiative by the FKJGP, Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid, praised them for thinking for the benefit of the people in the area. He said that he will provide his cooperation and especially to provide a place to dispose of the garbage from many villages in the area.
For the youth, skill training opportunities will be created with about 3,50,000 self-employment opportunities, two Special Economic Zones (SEZs), Industrial Units, IT Park, Banks and Hospitality industries will be established within the next three years.
The ruling party always wants the support of the opposition for anything, we have to cooperate,” he said.
On this occasion, he also distributed fish to the farmers through the Apiculture Mission.
Bhalang is the most intelligent of them all.
Telecommunication Services.
The body of the child was taken to Nongmensong Out Post for further investigation.
The meeting also received comments from other organizations and elders who attended the meeting.
In Assam, the Bengali Hindus do not allow the Bengali Muslims from the border and are closer to the Assamese Hindus.
“According to a statement issued by Jacob Khaling, SKM Spokesperson who is also the Political Secretary to the Chief Minister, SKM is looking into the matter. and special recognition, status, remedies as well as for the rights of the state of Sikkim and its citizens.
Shillong, Naitung 24: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA of the North Shillong Constituency, on Tuesday strongly condemned the Government and demanded an inquiry into the irresponsibility of doctors and doctors. Nurses of NEIGRIHMS Hospital to the patients who seek emergency treatment at this hospital.
The Indian Express reported that due to the outbreak of the disease, the cremation fee alone has cost up to T.10,000 per body.
Jowai: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Jaintia Hills District Unit today welcomed Ineshabahun Dkhar, one of the winners of the HADES K-PRO 3.0 Kickboxing Championship. recently held in Goa from 1st and 2nd June 2022.
The screening for children suffering from anemia continued in Jaintia Hills on 30th July for three Block of West Jaintia Hills District and on 31st July for children in East Jaintia Hills District. Hills District.
Nongpoh: The 43rd Annual Conference of the All Meghalaya Karbi Association (AMKA) has come to an end today at the village of Meghalaya. Belkuri in Ri Bhoi.
The affected families include the house of Teiborlin Nongsiej, Kloilan Syiemlieh, Briplingstar Kharbani, Bistiful Nongsiej, Listiful Nongsiej, Wandarisha Nongsiej and others.
They also said that the electricity supply is not always right and only about 5 hours a day they get and the electricity bill exceeds 650 rupees per month.
The AAPSU has lodged a complaint with the Itanagar Police Station today alleging that the Chief Engineer, BRO-Kimin, has changed the name of the site to Bilgarh. In Assam, Defense Minister Rajnath Singh visited the state last month.
Do the Seng Bhalang, which also have Employment Cells, not see this threat to the future of the youth? If not you, who else?.
Prafulla, 70, will take over the post after Justice T Meena Kumari retired two months ago.
If you are a Christian Principal, since 2001 you have been applying for a certificate and now in
Bihar comes top with three wins and Meghalaya comes fourth with one win from three games.
“Our friends have been bombed, police have entered shops, schools and shot and killed women and we are fighting against the goons known as the Delhi Police. "said one of the students at the university.
“If I reach my goal, I will look at the issues affecting the state, namely to resolve the border dispute, the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Eighth Schedule, economic development and to fight for the lifting of the ban on coal mining. in the State and open the way for the talented youth to stand on their own feet,” said Dr. Jemino Mawthoh.
They tarred the flag.
Tynsong said that the influx of tourists to Pynursla, Dawki has started earlier than the influx of tourists to Sohra these days. villages in the area, is that not even 10 percent.
WITH NO DOUBT INDIA WILL HAVE A CIVIL WAR according to my opinion.
He said the Congress has not won a single seat in Garo Hills but in Khasi-Jaintia Hills it has won at least seven seats.
He requested the State Government to approve the demand considering the problem faced by the people due to the need to walk at least 80 km to reach Umsning Block.
The spacecraft will orbit the lunar surface for 14 days, like the Earth, and then 47 days before landing on the moon.
So far, Assam has 2,276 cases undergoing treatment, 3,565 recoveries and 11 deaths.
The family of Kong Katbina Iawphniaw and Bah Synsharlang Syiemlieh, have to wait for their daughter at NEIGRIHMS and have to bring along their daughter who is still alive. 5 months to stay together in the hospital, while their two older children stay in the village with relatives.
India will play again on 20th June followed by two matches against South Africa “A' on 24th and 25th June.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 134 new cases have been confirmed and 2509 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
Speaking to media during his election campaign in the city today, Shashi said, “The work of the Congress government in the last five years in the state has been perfect since improvement in education, women empowerment as well as in the healthcare system when compared to the rest of the country".
A resident named Raman Sharma has explained in a complaint to the NGT that the garbage carried from the construction sites has been dumped in the Colony and the Diesel Generators have been operated in the Colony. way that violates the rules.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today issued an order to close the Rani Motors Showroom at Mawblei until further notice.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: The Meghalaya government will send nine more laws to the political parties to read on the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HNM) today celebrated its 12th Anniversary.
It is a day of celebration for Christians around the world, it has been a way of celebrating with music, carols and prayer services. .
The court issued the order after a hearing by all the judges headed by Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee on a PIL in this regard.
The persons involved in the incident have been arrested.
The intelligence agency should be strengthened and there should be close cooperation between the police agencies in the North East and the intelligence agencies of the Central Government.
He said the incident happened at about 2:30 pm.
Shillong, March 31: The State Government has amended the rules of the MLA Scheme by prohibiting MLAs from providing assistance to church groups to purchase equipment such as sound systems, cooking equipment and computers.
This came after the assist of Nikelson Bina and the player did not miss the opportunity.
On the allegation that even after the bill has been cut, P.Sahkhar said that it is true that MeECL has delivered the bills to these households but the bill has not been received. They did not count the months that they were cut and sent them the old bills while they were still using them but the bills included the arrears and interest increased shi increased.
He said that the ribbon cutting ceremony was held at Umling by the Ministers of the State Government who said that the gate is in accordance with the MRSSA Act to prevent foreigners from entering the country. state, but inside the House, they said that it is only a Covid testing centre.
The Khadar Government used to be stable and the people in charge of the Khadar Government were truly good people and responsible for the welfare of the community.
“I don't like it at all, because there is a special nature of the post of prime minister.
Investigations have shown that the BJP had no hand in these church attacks.
Numerous other researches have claimed that rice is a component and promotes the creation of eating disorders.
“They are confident that after the MP elections, the Congress and the INDIA Bloc will form a government in the central government.
Furthermore, after witnessing two incidents of robbers using automatic rifles which are usually used only by armed groups, the police have started following up to find out where the weapons got. They came to Garo Hills because it is clear that guns and pistols are still flowing into Garo Hills even after there is no armed group.
On the other hand, Bakshi denied that there was any involvement of MBoSE officials but said that the investigation will take the necessary action.
“It is necessary to celebrate the 30th November every year around the country to know about the hero of the people Woh Kiang Nangbah,” said Sutnga Saipung MLA Santa Mary Shylla. The 161st Death Anniversary of KNIKMS was organized by the KNIKMS on Saturday at Kmai Blai Square, Syntu Ksiar, Jowai.
Nongpoh: U Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, President of the KSU Sengkmie, today took the oath of office to the students of Mahatma Gandhi University, who have decided to join the KSU Sengkmie. KSU and on the same day, the KSU MGU Unit was established at the university.
The injured were identified as Elias Samayang and Sheini Nartiang.
Customs found that there were only 86 byrni of piat in the truck while the middle of the truck was filled with boxes of phensedyl.
When it comes to this biscuit farming, although it is a one-time farming, the cost of making the rynsan is very high, because if they don't have siej in the fields, they have to They went to buy from other villages where the price of one siej reached fifty tyngka.
“The belief that there is a menshohnoh exists only in this Khasi country in my opinion until now, but it is not true, in other places like Dkhar it has been heard,” said the Pastor.
“Perhaps he is afraid of Edmund Khongngai, the youth leader of the area who has led the campaign against the NPP from the TMC, because there are no other parties to stand on the basis of fighting against him. TMC MLAs George Lyngdoh, Charles Pyngrope, Hima Shangpliang, Dr Mukul Sangma and others have seen the issues raised in the Assembly.
This came into Rida's mind.
Rimi Dkhar of Khliehongriang SC won the Best Goalkeeper title, Jomsing Pariat of Mookyndur and Ebanskhem Nongtdeh of Iawmulong Nartiang won the title of Man of the Match. Nehlang Phawa of Mookyndur SC won the Player of the Tournament title while Promi Suting of Mookyndur SC won the Player of the Tournament title. 24,000/- and the second place winner Khliehïongriang SC won the trophy and 12,000/- tyngka.
The Bill was sent by the KHADC on 5th November 2013 and is awaiting the approval of the Governor before being implemented in the MDC elections next year.
“Science is making itself easier for everyone.
The spirit of Satan has entered and worked to this day all over the world until there have been differences of race and religion all over the world including India.
“I don't need it... My mother is sitting at home.
If you want to know only from the office, you should visit the MCCL, the factory and the office.
In fact, the Dorbar Shnongs have the responsibility to ensure that the cleaning of the roads within their villages and neighborhoods is in accordance with the specifications or documents of the PWD Office. They shall ensure that the contractor does his job properly.
The JSU also expresses its gratitude to the Thangskai Village Council for accepting the mistake by lodging a letter of complaint against Ayush and his father to the DC of East Jaintia Hills. successful log.
The appeal to the Lamphang will be to revoke his MLAship.
At this time, many of them have lost their lives because of the election.
It is interesting to know that there are some people here in Khasi Hills who know how to make homeopathic medicines from the Jingseng plant which grows only in some parts of the world, such as Korea and Khasi Jaintia.
The purpose of the Mock Exercise is to review the Disaster Management Plan and Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) of the State and Districts and also of various Departments, which explain the duties and responsibilities of the the Incident Response System (IRS), to ensure cooperation between the Emergency Support Functions (ESF), to raise awareness among the public and others.
Shillong: The Public Accounts Committee (PAC) has recommended that the government should shut down all illegal logging factories in the state to protect the environment.
The Dorbar Shnong Umpling, which takes action from time to time to maintain the cleanliness of the village, has held an emergency meeting to ensure the cleanliness of the village. on June 22, 2023.
For AAY rice, it will be 5 kilos per shikhlieh, no fee, while for PHH rice, it will be 5 kilos per shikhlieh without any fee.
JNC President Sambormi Lyngdoh, while confirming the new office bearers, said that Khliehriat Circle is one of the Circles which is a beacon of light for others. who have learned to give full service to the country and the nation.
The market is a subject under the jurisdiction of the District Council but there are people who blame the government without knowing that the market belongs to the District Council”.
There will be musicians and singers of traditional music and other songs to entertain the passers-by and tourists,” he said.
The student is from Lawbyrtun village, Mairang and is studying at Mawkyllei Higher Secondary School.
Thyllaw/Mawlongbna, Nailar 22: After the clashes between Thyllaw and Mawlongbna villages in the past few days, complaints have reached the desk of the CEM of KHADC, the District Council On Tuesday, she visited these two villages to explain to the people that they should stop fighting until they can talk about the border and they should live in peace and harmony. im as they have done in the past, the time when this conflict has never happened like what happened on the 12th of July.
Proof: Jesus came to this earth more than two thousand years ago, He came in our own image.
This includes Christians and Muslims, as they are considered foreigners in India.
On the other hand, the students took part in the Khasi-Jaintia-Garo costumes which showed the uniqueness of Meghalaya as a whole.
When inquired to confirm this news, the SP and DC of EWKHD said that there was indeed a death of one person but it happened outside the DC's office and the cause of death was not known. The body was taken to Civil Hospital Mairang for post mortem.
On the 11th of this month, according to an order issued by the High Court, the IIG does not want to allocate land to the state to implement the Shillong-Dawki Project.
However, he said the difficulty is that there is no more reconciliation from all sides because all countries feel right and firm in their own principles and do not want to fight to end the war.
However, when we look closely, we see that those who are worried about the railway line are the owners and drivers of thousands of trucks every day.
In these days, many people who want to watch the film have rushed to buy tickets for the film.
Earlier, the Kashari High Court recently issued a decision to dismiss Loma Jyrwa after a complaint filed by Angela Rangad and pleaded by Bah HS Thangkiew, N Mozika and others. They opposed the appointment of Kong Loma, who has retired as Deputy Director of the Social Welfare Department.
Esther Chonglam, Smt.
Daniel 9:24; 7:11-14 / Luke 1:33-34.
Bipul Thangkhiew said that in the second phase of the border demarcation between Meghalaya and Assam and especially in the Raid Nongtung and known as Block-2, there should be no mistake and that is that The two Prime Ministers should listen to the voice of the people living in the area and if that is wrong, the party will not hesitate to take protest measures and if necessary, the party will take appropriate measures. hard.
He said that the government's allowance to the people to choose whether they want to go to Assam or Meghalaya is a great loss to the state as many of the villages within the border of the Hima Khasi are Other ethnic groups have decided to go to Assam.
Defense Minister Margarita Robles said troops had found elderly people dead in their homes, some of whom had been abandoned by their relatives or caregivers. and they died in their own beds.
All the speakers praised Mr. Damian for taking the initiative to help these poor and disabled families.
He went with his friends to the river because it was Sunday and he couldn't stand the heat in the city.
Deimiki Rabon tied 48 runs from 36 balls and Pyrkhat Sari 23 runs from 25 balls.
The Special Judge POCSO of East Jaintia Hills District has sentenced Emlang Dkhar to seven years imprisonment for involvement in the rape of a girl under the age of
This translation of I shows that I have answered my prayer.
The party said that if the Indian government expels the Rohingya, who number about 40,000, it should also expel the Hindu refugees in Meghalaya.
This was announced by the Seng during a meeting with the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma today.
They complained about the mismanagement of Hima funds and the division of villages.
The Minister announced this in an interview with reporters and also in front of teachers during an inspection of the damage to the school building this morning.
Police also seized about 12 kilos of dohmasi from the house of these two men.
Pastor Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh said that he joined the KSU in 1991 and he remembers well the statement of KSU President Bull N Lyngdoh that he wants to develop the Bawri. Mansion and this is the parable.
However, he said that the government's plan cannot ensure that the decline in birth rates in the country can be curbed.
She also urged the children who have won the competitions to strive harder to take part in the higher competitions, so that they can bring the name and glory of the District and the state as a whole. other.
“No one was injured in the attack, as soon as the storm came, they fled outside,” said Bah Sikh Khongbuhtep, Sordar of Mawlam.
Shillong, July 02: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has referred the case to the Kolkata Bench for hearing. on the destruction of illegal buildings in Wahumkhrah.
However, at the same time, he denied that receiving the MLAs would be like changing the old liquor to a new bottle.
Therefore, in order to prevent the spread of this disease, all pig farmers, pig farmers and the public are prohibited from importing pig seeds, or cutting pig seeds. pigs from other districts until further notice.
In the incident, the two drivers of these vehicles got out of the vehicle to talk to each other about the mistake, but at that time suddenly a truck with the number AS- 01GC-0721 driven by Jerly Talang, and the truck collided with the parked truck and at that time the parked truck overturned and climbed on top of the taxi parked nearby. .
At this time you need to choose and eat healthy foods carefully.
JOWAI: Vehicles parked on the highway and village roads have been blocked with stones, liquor bottles and garbage cans.
KSU Laban Circle on Tuesday evening raided a Shelter Home at Kenches Trace (Harrison Bridge) after a video spread on social media. They used to drink and sell drugs in this Shelter Home and this Shelter Home has become a drug den.
As part of the programs of the State Government, they have also been able to participate in many programs outside the State.
Regarding the 10th Anniversary Celebration and the Shad and Rwai Competition, the leaders of FKJGP Myrdon Circle, said that the reason for organizing this program is to commemorate the 10th Anniversary of the Circle in the area and at the same time they said that the competition is part of the development of the talent of the Circle. phong of the young men.
The committees of Umphyrnai Dorbar, Kynton U Mon and Ur Masi U Joh have been appointed to look into and implement the rules and regulations laid down by the State Government.
Rupang has tried to talk to many MDCs from both sides of the issue, but they said that they are still busy and they are still holding meetings. strongly, in order to get the namtam tomorrow.
It is to be recalled that the KSU through Wapung unit has sent a letter to the EE PWD Roads Khliehriat Division on 22nd September 2022 and this time the KSU believes that the department has not The department will repair this road to facilitate the traffic.
Christians know that Christmas is a celebration of the birth of Jesus, so it is believed that through this Christmas celebration Christians will focus on good things by renewing and uniting themselves. and Jesus with dignity and respect and not with bad examples so that Christmas Day will be a truly happy and joyful day for us individually, in our homes, in the church and in society. .
Do you know the medicine? Why don't the MLAs respond to these issues? It is because of the poor functioning of PHCs and CHCs that the rural people have to come for treatment in the city, and often in expensive private hospitals.
However, now it has become very difficult and only the Government officials who are working hard in this field are benefiting.
Shillong, March 23: The Seng Khasi North East (KSE) will hold an awarding ceremony for the students of the North East who have passed well in the 1st Tenth, 1st Class, 1st Division and Distinction. in various subjects in the examinations conducted by MBOSE, NEHU and other examinations 2012-1
On the other hand, the sister of the victims, Joysiful Iawphniaw, 27, who was still injured, immediately went to help, but she too fell with another brother who knew how to drive. jngi, she was able to rescue her hymen who came to help while the other two drowned in the water without being able to help.
He said that the party has gone through many difficulties since the early days, whether in the registration or in the struggle against the government, the refusal to allow teachers to contest elections or whether it is in the financial power. .
The Longkmie Seng in Laskein Block of West Jaintia Hills, is perhaps the most famous in Meghalaya, because through their hard work, they have been able to bring about a change in income. and in the society of the Block as a whole and especially in the income of the households of the Eastern Block of the State.
The 16 trucks have been charged under Section 384/420/34 IPC, Section 3 of the Motor Vehicle Act
Shillong: Youngsters from Umdang village under West Khasi District have failed to write the min examination for the District Session Judge in Nongstoin due to the delay in the arrival of letters through the BOP Shallang. sha that young.
On the other hand, the union strongly demands that the District Council which holds the land should take action against this proposal and should not issue NOC for this proposal of the army.
Sohra: The Syiem of Sohra Hima, Pa Yiem Freeman Syiem, on Tuesday said that it is up to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to consider the application of trading license for foreigners to do business in Majai.
““The MSOA cannot recognize up to two sports associations and even the sports department of the State Government cannot provide assistance to both the associations, but only to one, the AMKA. “Regarding the letter sent by AMKA to the State Government and the MSOA, Bah Kharshiing said, “The executive council of the MSOA will meet in the first month of April. for the purpose of taking decisions and resolving these issues.
A meeting was held yesterday between the village leaders of Umroi Umdohbyrthih, Umroi Madan, Umroi Labansaro, Umroi Jaiawpdeng and Umroi Nongrah, which are the villages under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Umroi Pyllun. , in which they decided to rally for the repair of the Pandal which was damaged by the cyclone.
After the thanksgiving service, a short meeting was conducted by the President of the Union, Kong Cathleen Pyngrope. Union of Catholic Women's Associations, Central Body, women's associations from four parishes including Pynthorumkhrah, Laitumkhrah, Nongthymmai, Nongmynsong and Mawpat.
This is an opportunity for those who are really interested and who have the spirit and who don't have the strength to play in clubs,” said Bah Arki Nongrum.
Here is the truth, that if kings and rulers live in the fear of God like Daniel, things will go smoothly, the kingdom will be at peace and God will glorify that country.
Hd Donkam but you don't have anything to do. When the election is over, you have to have a job, but when it's over, you don't see any new colleges.
The inheritance trade which is the source of income should be returned to the hands of the indigenous people and the Benami trade should be eradicated completely.
Assam Rifle have qualified for the quarter final of the tournament after beating PFR Academy Shillong in the quarter final on the 17th of this month. and Noah in the New Town Square.
Did the Moses Group or the Children of Israel take possession of the Land of Canaan as God had promised or was it a gradual migration like other nations? Remember that Canaan was not a land prepared exclusively for the Group of Moses.
In addition, the objective of the center is to shape the environment for the North East through the use of best practices to provide accurate information for the conservation of resources and how they are used in the North East.
I will look into this report and take the necessary action,” said Bah Ronie.
In another match, Umphrup beat Nongrah 2-0
Irene Dkhar, who won the title of Miss Meghalaya 2022, has been given the opportunity to represent the state at the Miss Northeast 2022 title.
In the match, Kishlay Vishlux managed to stay long but managed to score only 36 runs out of 141 runs before being dismissed.
The Meghalaya Calendar 2020 and the previous year will mark the 22nd of June as Rev. Thomas Jones Day.
The four villages that have received the scheme include Phodstein Dongneng, Phodstein Dongrum, Umlynter Balat, Kandapara and Pyndendakni.
If the Government cannot, it should be by the Legislative Assembly,” said Convener of the BJP Committee on Roster System Himalaya Shangpliang.
After that, Baba gave a kind of prasad and after that, the woman started to shake her head and fell asleep in the room of the devotee and there, he was able to catch her. bor to you.
The truck was from Tripura and was coming from Nepal and was carrying tins of household items.
The government has already signed an agreement on the boundary between Assam and Meghalaya for six areas. , which were submitted in the first phase and before the start of the revision of the report on the border in the second phase.
In another development, India has demanded that Pakistan immediately release the pilot, who is currently in the custody of the Pakistani army.
The song was sung by Eibanroi Langstieh and Phiba Lyngdoh.
I always try to work 100 on the job from the beginning of the year and until the end.
The meeting was conducted by Bah S.Lyngkhoi, Secretary Nongbah-Marshilong Village, welcome speech by Anita Lyngdoh, special song by the Village Organization of Nongbah-Marshilong Village and welcome speech by Banteilang. Lying.
However, the Executive Committee of JHADC has also canceled the order No.JHADC/Pol/33/2007/61 and issued the order and decided to hold the elections again as the complainants have demanded to hold the elections.
However, there are those who say that the desire to become Chief Minister by a Khasi does not bring about ethnic strife? and it is not pleasant because in that struggle for a Khasi Chief Minister, the Khasi have to be supported by the major political parties which include other ethnic groups like Garo and non-tribals.
He said that the people involved in the Rupang relief campaign don't take even a penny of the money they donate, but they give it all. directly to those people who have already made the choice that they really need help.
On this occasion, the Governor learned about the operation of the Integrated Check Post at Dawki, the operation of the Customs and Central Excise Department and how the central government schemes like PMAY, MGNRERS, SSA, PM-POSHAN, National Health Mission, PMGSY is a department of the State Government.
Referring to the suspension of the appointment of teachers, Dr Mukul Sangma said, “We will give a fair trial to those teachers who are still in darkness until now, regarding the actions of this government. Now, but we will ensure that we will give them the opportunity and we will fill all the vacant teaching posts and we will also increase the salaries of teachers and government employees as well”.
It all depends on the parents, it also depends on the understanding of the children, their age, the support they receive from home, their responsibility and their behaviour.
Because when the Brahmaputra floods, it is a great victory for the Thor Assam because it destroys all the villages, places and the damage is very severe.
This incident has nothing to do with us, but it reminds us that we must overcome fear.
The government's initiative will help in promoting the movement of people who travel by sea in many ways including in connection with various commercial activities.
Shillong: The All India Football Federation (AIFF) should convene a meeting to discuss the possibility of holding a match with the Indian Super League (ISL).
The Chief Minister also handed over the work order under the 100 days MNREGA scheme to the VECs of four villages as a sign of the opening of the Sohiong Block.
“We have given 10 days, if the Meghalaya Government does not take action, we will not be able to show our work, whether it is illegal or legal,” he said.
He urged the Council to expedite this matter and not to wait until the order of the High Court against the Council to identify the kur ka kynja. Therefore, the Khasi Social Customs of Lineage, Second Amendment Bill,
Speakers at the meeting included EJHCA President Rajiv Bareh and the meeting was conducted by EJHCA Vice President Mehiwot Shadap.
On the other hand, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh said that most of the people have to go to Guwahati to buy cars, but now they can buy from Shillong and there is also a car manufacturing plant nearby. .
Others who escaped were Rikmienlang Lamare, Marsanki Tariang, Lodestar Tang and Shidorki Dkhar.
The MDC elections will last for six months until November when political parties start announcing their candidates before the government announces the elections in July
"“Regarding the Forest Department, the union said that the Forest Department, although the office has been established, it seems that it does not exist, because the employees have not been able to do anything from the district. All the work has to be done from Jowai, and the employees in Khliehriat are just like those supervisors.
When many of them saw that their behavior had changed, they warned them not to do such things, lest they fall into error and sin. the village and the group as a whole.
However, it is not only one (Dolloi) but many.
Meanwhile, in a statement issued by the Secretary of the union, Bah Victor More Khongtir, said that the union warns all the contractors who carry out works in various departments in the area. that they should take action to fulfill their duties as assigned to them in relation to the road to Nongskhen and Nongjri.
“There are hundreds of employees but only 5 people have Labor License,” said Bah Thomas Passah, President of KHNAM Youth Wing.
Although he did not want to elaborate on this issue, he said that in the state there are high level committees, high powered committees but it is up to the people to find them. The high level is the same or the same as the high level.
On the claims of the Minister and BJP Leader, Bah AL Hek that he and Sangma had had a drink to discuss the joining of the BJP, Dr Sangma said that Bah Hek wanted to meet him. on the 3rd of October, one day after the announcement of the election results.
During the elections I appealed to the people to help me to join you in many areas for the good of our nation.
BJP leader AL Hek, who is also a government minister, said the BJP should nominate a candidate for the upcoming MP elections if the party in Delhi approves.
However, since the order of the Supreme Court, 21 days have passed, but the coal traders and contractors of West Khasi Hills, especially in Shahlang, have not been able to coal. They expressed their deep sorrow that until now they have not been able to transport the coal.
Furthermore, the participants were urged to come with dignity, respect and dignity and obey the guidelines of the Committee and the organization as a whole.
Continuation of two schemes of the Ministry of Sports: Two schemes of the Ministry of Sports including, “Assistance to National Sports Federations” and “Khelo India” have been approved to continue for the 15th Finance Commission Cycle (2021-22 to 2025-26).
Under the leadership of our Prime Minister the journey of fast-track growth and development of the Northeast region has already begun,” he added.
The meeting was conducted by Sumarlin Mawlong, Chairman of the Reception Committee. SK Lato, Chairman of the Reception Committee, gave welcome speeches and speeches were delivered by Dr. Sashankutlang Khongthohrem, State President ABVP and u Skemjingmut Law, Secretary Reception Committee.
He was admitted to the hospital on 10.01.2023 and died on 14.01.2023 at 9:20 pm.
In Tripura, there are 10 new cases and the total number of cases in the state has risen to 1,0
It may be recalled that the Meghalaya State Pollution Board (MSPCB) on 9th June 2024 has issued a show cause notice to the Prisidium Breeze factory and ordered to clean up the surroundings of the factory site and to ensure that drinking water should not be allowed. affect.
If the government doesn't recognize the Khasi-Jaintia, it will also recognize the Garo Hills.
Thus we can see clearly that the leaders of the constituency are struggling to build a hospital in Amlarem but they are blocking the roads.
“We also urge the people of the area to be vigilant as the permitting for uranium mining by the Government of India goes hand in hand with the construction of the two lane road through the SARDP from Nongstoin to Nongstoin. Mawthabah,” said the statement.
After a thorough investigation, the authorities have arrested a 38-year-old woman named Lalremthangi, who was planning to sell these bags of heroin. from Myanmar to Delhi.
This Bill, 2019 has a serious impact on the future of Samhoi youth, both men and women.
When we look at these experiences of Job, in comparison with the latter, the spirit of joy, which he received, God blessed him again greater than all that had gone before.
Meanwhile, the founding President of KJDSTA, Bah Teibor K Shanpru, said that the group of teachers was formed to address their problems and also to bring about better education.
Speaking to reporters, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Khortyngkut, said that he is deeply saddened by the decision of the state government to address the demands of the state government. The women leaders of HANM, WW, as well as the residents of the border areas have decided to march to Nongpoh and also to express their support for the protest. They carried flags to express their concern over this decision of the state government.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Gulrez Sohliya, Secretary, Royal Enfield Riders Association (RERAM) said that RERAM has been involved in social activities especially when the Meghalaya Police need their cooperation. and also the district authorities.
Regarding the reply to the Congress MLA from Mawsynram, Bah HM Shangpliang, he said that the government has spent T8.3 crore on sodium hypochlorite in just two months. He demanded that the head of account should manage the funds and avoid unnecessary expenditure.
Philippians 2:9.
The Wildlife Division said that the Tyrpud was released on July 23, 2021 at Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary.
He said that for many years, there have been many protests at the University, where many groups have protested against the work of the Vice Chancellor. now.
The Pastor, who retired in 2021, said that in this letter, he also wrote about his visit to Wales with the financial support of the old Synod until his return. He also served as Secretary and Moderator of the Synod.
At this meeting, the EC also decided to appoint a special committee to look into the issue of marriage certificate.
The Seng strongly condemns these evil spirits who have no knowledge or even paradoh parasnam in their willingness to take human life.
Remember, pride comes before destruction and when power is lost, even the King becomes a fool.
The ancestors have established and built this Hima, a Hima which has been completely shaded for the heritage of the nation to come, but now this Hima which is far from the border or the border of the ANG is strong. , which has now turned into a small district and has become smaller with the forced separation of Labang-Nangphyllut and Pangam-raliang and Nangtung Khyrwang from Khat-ar Doloi (now Jaintia Hills). ) and was merged into Mikir Hills (now Karbi Anglong) on ​​13th April 1951 and now it has been reduced by the annexation of the border of Karbi Anglong District to Assam from Mookoiram, Rtiangsanphaw, Khanduli, Lapangap, Mukroh, Saba, Khatkasla and Ratacherra.
The District Tuberculosis Office, Ri Bhoi in collaboration with Nezone Pipes & Structure NTL has organized a food distribution to TB patients at the Civil Hospital, Nongpoh as part of the implementation of the Pradhan Mantri TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyan Scheme. (PMTBMBA).
In a statement sent by Amnesty International, the International Criminal Court (ICC) said that the International Criminal Court (ICC) should ensure a fair trial on the crimes and violations committed by the Taliban. by other individuals inside Afghanistan since before the Taliban came to power in
Of course there should be organizations that care about the society and bring about improvement in any field but they should have their own funds, not just demand money from others to spend for that organization.
The Dorbar Shnong Lumpyngngad has submitted a letter saying that there is no objection to the use of this road which passes through these two villages.
He said Meghalaya is closest to the Golden Triangle which is used by truck traffickers as a route, including Myanmar, Thailand and Laos due to the production of opium, heroin and other drugs. types of alcoholic beverages are produced from these countries.
Speaking to reporters, HANM Asst.Secretary Bah Wyraiwan Sohtun said that the HANM has lodged a complaint against Gopal Dey on the letter he sent to the Chief Minister, Conrad K.K. Sangma on October 29, 2024 and said that the KSU cannot accept the allegation against the KSU over the killing. of two foreigners on October 27, 2024 at Ichamati.
In a statement, Hek said there was a misunderstanding in the letter written by the Union Ministry of Health and Family Welfare on July
The visual was released at Elvest Thabah Studio.
The Sorbar said that these vendors have come to sell shops in this area without consulting the Dorbar Shnong, and if they come to the Dorbar Shnong as the Rangbah Shnong, he is quick to take them. to find a place elsewhere to give way to those who live there.
Haba has been asked all shisnem.
What is sad about the deterioration of this road is that even the poor women have suffered from the disease and even the poor women have suffered to walk on this road. The road was filled with snow and ice, and the clean color had fallen off.
The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, has urged that there should be explanations and awareness campaigns in schools and colleges so that school children and students can understand the effects of drugs.
In addition, the former leaders of the Unit were honored by the new leaders including Shaniahskem Dkhar, former in charge, Chanbor War and Rangbah Timing Lyngdoh.
However, they have become increasingly driven by the wealth of this world and have forgotten to investigate the root cause of the evil which has seriously affected the peace and stability in the society in the state and the country.
However, according to the OM dated 10.05.2022, and the 100 point Roster, it is not clear the meaning of the word Cadre Strength. has been completed so far, even since 1972.
The Government of Meghalaya should never allow the Government of India to implement this destructive law, in any way, in this State. The word 'AMENDMENT' in the CAB also shows that India has evil intentions against the Tribal Races or the citizens of these rich and prosperous countries.
The leaders have no intention of building and developing this country, but they want only for their own benefit and plunder the wealth of the country.
Shillong, June 25: Darika Dkhar of Tpep Pale village, Jowai has lodged a complaint with the police that her brother C.Khonglam, resident of Mawlai Kynton Massar, who is also the former DTO of Jowai (West Jaintia) has been arrested. Hills) along with another friend, raped and repeatedly raped two of his children (whose names have been withheld, one aged 14 and the other aged 12).
Pastor Basaiawmoit is hopeful of winning the Shillong Lok Sabha elections and expressed his concern that money is not working in this election.
On the same day, he also inspected the Wahiajer Multi Sports Complex.
He died on 01-05-2
There are 120 of them throughout the state.
He said that foreign travel will be allowed only twice a year.
I ask that you take action on what happened yesterday.
Many discussions have arisen on the expulsion of people from the HSPDP in the past few days, this expulsion started since the expulsion of Fenela L Nonglait (during the lifetime of Bah Hoping) There was also a discussion on the expulsion of the former candidate from Mairang, Councilor Wahlang.
According to the source, most of the groups of insurgents, estimated to be 10-20 in each group, are still waiting at the shooting ranges in Neelam Valley, Leepa Valley. and Jhelum Valley.
Dozens of fire engines from different parts of Shillong have rushed to the scene to extinguish the blaze.
Mohun Bagan have sent the 20-year-old to Rajasthan United on loan for the 2022 season.
However, we have already carried the challenges of the past years – the pandemic Ar Hajar Arphew (2020) has destroyed and we have to rebuild.
AL Nonglait Chief Organizer of the peace rally said that the question that arose from this meeting was why we have to maintain that peace and why the insurgents are walking in these villages on the border. Assam and Garo The reason is that these villages do not have good roads and development works so it is pleasant for them to walk in these forests.
He said that the UDP leaders from Nongthymmai constituency have invited him to contest from Nongthymmai constituency because he has a house in Umpling. “I told them that I have become an MLA. “I want to celebrate the silver jubilee from Pynthor-Umkhrah constituency,” said Hek, who confirmed that in 2018 he will contest from Pynthor-Umkhrah on the Congress ticket.
Perhaps in the past it may have happened that there were few people and did not understand the value of the land.
She strongly condemned the BJP for trying to protect the former Governor with political tricks.
On the 15th of November, Maitchaphrang Mootyrchiah will play against Chutwakhu at 11:30 AM. In the invitational football, Tpep Swer will play against Mihmyntdu FC at 2 pm.
This is the work of the Maji Niam. This is the work in which the Maji will serve the religion during the days of his life while he is still able to take this work of God. The ceremony was attended by the Pa Daloi of the District, RM Garod District Nangbah and the Pator of the District Mukhla, Rghh.
Speaking to media on Saturday, Praveen Bakshi said that despite the impact of Covid-19, the BSF troops are vigilant and who work very hard to protect the border areas.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Brol, who took over for half a term from Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, after taking over as Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, said that the money will be implemented for the supply of water to the rice fields across the state.
Life is short and it is very difficult to experience and understand all the pleasures by oneself, but only through books can the experiences and understanding of human life be expanded.
He said that deception, he said, has started entering Mawlai these days through various schemes and promises, but he urged not to deceive such people again.
Another issue they alleged was that according to the reply they received, there are about 12 residents who have received T.14,000 tyngka from the soil under the scheme which they have to replace with others. They alleged that the people who received the scheme for blang farming are people who have never raised goats before and who do not know the farming scheme. RTI applicants were surprised to learn that the people who received the blang were relatives and employees of the former Rangbah Shnong. let Aaron Dieng.
“Let your words be few.
“The time has come for the law enforcement agencies to punish such people who try to disrupt the peace and order,” said Wanthmu Phawa.
Lav Agrawal, Joint Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, said the disease has spread to 91 countries.
The Chief Minister said that the state government depends on the central government for 84% to 86% of the revenue from the central government and the revenue from the state is only between 14% to 16%. The annual revenue in the state is up to 4 billion which means that the revenue collection should be between 30% and 35%.
Dr.W.Sutnga, Medical Superintendent, Dr.W.Sutnga, Medical Superintendent, gave a detailed explanation on the purpose of the meeting. of a 100 bedded hospital in South West Khasi Hills District.
Mawkyrwat, March 12: U Bah Dhanderly Myrthong of Umdeiñ Mawshynrut Constituency, West Khasi Hills District, who is a retired government employee but is still continuing in other fields to serve the people through According to him, this happened after people have received many cures from various diseases such as bampong, tuberculosis, thai-roit, py, ñiang-sohot and even to treat those with mental disabilities and injuries from accidents and other diseases from which people have been cured through the use of medicine from this Rangbah.
There are also articles written on religion but they have not been included in the syllabus in schools, said the Deputy Secretary.
After the burning down of the house, the woman said that she lives without a home and no one to help her. When she went to the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Trat Nonglang did not believe her. and he said, Build me a house.
The Seng Khasi Shillong strongly condemns the insult and insult of the members of the Delhi Golf Club regarding the expulsion of Tailin Lyngdoh who accompanied Nivedita. Borthakur, who is from Assam, was arrested yesterday.
Among the 18 office bearers and executive members, Selma D. Shira has been appointed as the president of the Mahila Pradesh Trinamool Congress Committee. Vice President Maryline Ch Marak and Noorun Mehraj Warjri have been appointed as General Secretaries of the Committee.
Let us turn back to the past and think carefully about what would have happened to our nation if we had been ruled by force in India.
We also send our condolences to your wife and children, Godwin Warjri and Evansaralyne Warjri.
However, one thing we have to understand is that if the Lafarge Module has to produce 90 per metric ton for the benefit of the people, Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) for the benefit of the district to establish a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) for the benefit of the district. The Cement Factory has employed too many workers.
A newborn child has been killed in the house of his mother in Ladthadlaboh, #Jowai
Shillong, Nailur 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government will soon invite church leaders to be the ksiang for bringing the HNLC to the negotiating table.
“The price of sohsaw has increased dramatically and there are people who get angry when they come to the shop and start speaking bad words and byrngem byrsit.
Because these foreigners could not provide the necessary documents, they were expelled from the village and sent back to their home village.
He said that Bah Renik has not indicated whether he will contest from the UDP as reported.
Shillong, Nailar 06: The Mendipathar Railway Station has been included in the Amrit Bharat Station Scheme announced by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday. you don't have Garo Hills.
“Every month we go to various departments to convey this so that while there is still time for the land to grow, it is time for the authorities to put forward the basic needs of the people. Later, when people have built houses, there will be no land to dig roads, bury water pipes and erect electricity posts.
Assam Rifle Public School (EAST) has won the title of Under 17 Boys in the State Level Inter School Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament 2023 held at SAI Square, NEHU Shillong.
The Central Government was surprised and in 1986 passed the Environment Protection Act.
The Khasi Authors' Society (KAS) has celebrated the Literary Day by holding an information workshop on the theme 'The Khasi Patriotism in the Past and Present' at Seng Khasi College, Jaiaw on Saturday.
Allantry and Renikton said they also discussed the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages. There is a lack of decision on the recognition of these two languages.
He suggested that the government should not allow the National Institute in Shillong to look into the situation before developing the plan.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on 29th June 2020 has warned the Village Authorities not to issue No Objection Certificate (NOC) to foreigners especially in the border areas.
Pynursla: The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla together with several MDCs of KHADC, today attended a public meeting held at Pynursla organized by the FKJGP and HYC Ri-War Mihngi. Circle for the purpose of explaining to the public the Khasi Social Customs Second Amendment Bill
He said that as leaders, when the people want, the party will not rest because they know that the demand for this road is the right of the people and the government has approved to implement this road. and it was demanded without prejudice to anyone.
The Dorbar Shnongs should not be afraid of the Ward Commissioners but the Dorbar Shnongs should also elect their own leader to join the Municipal Board through the amendment of the Municipal Act by the Government.
Salman Khan's film has released today, on the occasion of Eid-ul-Fitr.
There are some countries in the world, whether in Europe or Asia, which are not very rich, but they are peaceful and happy.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 4: Cleanliness is the most important thing in the life of us human beings in this age.
What is this? Isn't it a bias? There was a man who asked me, “Why pastor don't you come to Mawthylliang anymore?” I replied, “Oh! You don't know about the lockdown. to stay at home?" He said to me again, “Why are you pastor still afraid of the police? Are the police greater than the pastor?” I said to him, “Are you telling the truth? If you are telling the truth, I will call the police to arrest you.
On the other hand, Precious Tmung, President of the Meghalaya Ryndia Producers Association and owner of Zong-hi-I, one of the groups that produces ryndia clothes in the local style, said that the The Ministry of Textiles and Handloom, urged the manufacturers to take advantage of the opportunity to seek assistance from the government for support and benefits to develop the textile industry. in has and the whole region.
If these rules are violated, the government may take steps to cancel the bail.
“The UDP, even if it has to stand alone, will stand to protect the nation and the people of the state in all things, to promote development in all aspects and to bring peace and order. There is no need to live and work,” concluded the statement.
Indeed, the parties are worried and have identified winnable candidates to win the upcoming elections.
Shillong: U Bah Junel Tongper, a member of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), who came to surrender his weapon in front of Inderjit Singh Rane, IG BSF Meghalaya Frontier, Umkiang, Border Outpost Umkiang, PS- Umkiang, East Jaintia Hills District, said that his return was because his parents wanted him to return.
If the party leader acts in this way, the younger leaders will not be talked to because they will be more courageous and encouraged than he is.
Schools should be improved and health centers should be increased in each village.
The FKJGP leader said that the FKJGP will come forward on the 7th of June as a sign of protest against the proposed protest by the Meghalaya Linguistic Minority Development Forum in Khyndailad, Shillong.
Wasa Utd beat Lumiawmuchai Shangpung 2-1 in the Super Division Football Tournament of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
He said one of the issues discussed at the meeting was the budget situation of the government.
The death toll from the wild tit has risen to five after the death of another man on the morning of 4th July.
CHAPTER – 10THE RIEWHADEMU Riewhadem is another plant which was brought to India from America probably during the time of the East India Company.
The work that has been done is not done by those whom we have chosen to do.
This has brought many problems to the children and teachers.
After this, the body of a young man from Mawlaingut village near Wah Umïam was found while another man was killed by robbers in his village at Pahammawleiñ 20 Mer ha. The Fear.
The Minister wrote this letter on the letter of the State Education Department dated 30//2023 and 10/7/2023 informed to the National Council for Teachers Education (NCTE).
Therefore, regarding the summons of the member of the union, the union strongly opposes the state government and especially the police force, that from now on they will not cooperate. for the purpose of bringing peace and stability in the state as a whole.
It can be summed up in one word “A Nation in the Thrones of the Rapid Passage of Time”.
Furthermore, in this regard, the residents who have suffered from this accident have expressed their deep sorrow and requested the MeECL office to explain to the public as there are many residents. Especially from the rural areas, due to lack of knowledge and understanding, they have been forced to pay their electricity bills at these payment points.
“The Executive Committee of MMSA has taken this decision to continue with the protests after seeing that the government has not believed in the demands of the MMSA. “MMSA General Secretary Dr R Pohsnem said in a letter sent to the Secretary in charge of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare after the meeting of the State Executive Committee (SEC) on the 24th of this month.
Shillong, November 23: U Tennydard Marak has appealed against the Scheduled Tribe (ST) Act of the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma in the Supreme Court.
Regarding this road, many of the residents have accused the MLA and the PWD department of doing something wrong, Bah Sawkmie said that this road falls under the Central Division PWD and on their part The PWD has not been silent and the delay is due to the PHE department to complete its part.
The Model Code of Conduct will remain in force until March 2 after the announcement of the winners.
This present life is no longer the easy life it used to be.
“Bah Nongrum is a judge and a court.
However, it was only in the 59th minute that Lajong scored the first goal through Allen Lyngdoh.
In South Garo Hills, in South West Garo Hills
The Minister of Urban Affairs, Meghalaya, said that the Urban Department has already installed LED lights in many areas which in the past few years have been dark areas. The cleanliness of the city will help to deter robbers who intend to commit crimes.
He said that during the lockdown and when Nikhla was in charge of the CMD of MeECL, the surprising thing is that the government employees were withheld their salaries, but the MeECL employees received their salaries. They have been working for 7 months during the lockdown, but now that their work is going well, why do they lose their salaries?
Does the government see these problems of the farmers or should it think separately to look after the market, because other food and beverages imported from outside the state are gold, while the The agricultural products produced by the farmers of the state are no longer suitable for silver.
The leaders of these two organizations urged the village leaders, youth organizations and all those involved from the Union of Foreign Traders to cooperate in the fight against COVID-1
After the arrest of Wanker, police have arrested another woman from Manipur, Ngaihnu Vaiphei, 38, resident of Thembasuk Block E Madan. 13.48 grams of heroin were seized from Gangpimul, Churachandpur, Manipur.
It is good that the KSU has started this campaign.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The two days of this month, Tuesday and Saturday, will be the last days for the people of the state to see the Motphran Bridge, which will be demolished on the night of the 20th. moon.
When the parents of the deceased learned of the incident, they took him to Umden PHC and later to Nongpoh Civil Hospital. he was about to sink, and he was in the midst of a strong body.
Many farmers said that if the rainfall continues every night, it will be a great loss because these days it is the time to sow before planting, because from the first month of next month most started planting and sowing.
Jyothi Yarraji (12.89s); 2.
“We strongly suspected that it was the husband who killed her and tried to mislead everyone by cutting himself from the neck,” said a police source.
Then he began to explain to her.
Shillong, July 18: The increase in kidnappings has caused fear among the people in Garo Hills.
However, he promised to take care of this and release him at least after a month.
In November 2014, GNLA militants opened fire on her residence while her husband and children were present.
The meeting also approved the amendment to the Office Memorandum (om) 2022, on the reservation roster, according to the recommendation of the All Party Committee. two days and after this change, the planting in the state will start.
“We have planned to hold a meeting at the end of November,” said SKRS President Bah Teibor Shanpru after meeting with the office bearers of the Union on Friday.
“They don't listen to the opinion of the Chairman of the Regional Committees, who have gone to inspect and listen to the voice of the residents whether they want to stay in Meghalaya or go to Assam,” he said. “They went to Delhi to sign the social agreement without inviting the Hima and Village Authorities to sign the resolution which they will send to Delhi,” he said.
He congratulated the management of Ummulong Presbyterian College for continuing to provide education to the students of the area.
There will also be a sub committee to review the peace and order in the state headed by the Prime Minister, the Principal Secretary and the Minister of Home Affairs.
Section 3 (4) of the CAA, 2019 states that the North Eastern States which have the Sixth Schedule or which have ILP are exempt from the CAA, Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan who were not present before 31.12.2014 cannot apply for citizenship or will not be allowed to immigrate to the States where the Sixth Schedule or ILP has been established. (principle) that only one Act shall apply, the Sixth Schedule or the ILP (Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation 1873).
Momin's decision to contest as an independent candidate has encouraged all his supporters especially the Garo friends living in the border villages.
Kynton U Mon beat Summit Academy 16-0 in the first leg of the tournament on Saturday at the Third Ground, Polo, Shillong.
“Most come for their personal gain.
“It is very beneficial to set up a coal mining factory.
“It is a terrible incident that can affect the soul of a person.
US President Donald Trump has said it is an honor to receive first place on Facebook and second place to Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
She said that the entire Committee should also request the President of the VPP to come and talk as it is right that the VPP will not participate in the talks.
The car, which was launched in 2019 and has not yet reached India, will cost about T.12 to T.15 crore, excluding taxes.
However, she expressed her inability to provide details at that time but confirmed in the Assembly that she will clarify more on this in the near future.
Earlier, speeches were delivered by Bah Hector Marwein and others.
Therefore, Bah Sherbor urged the students not to be satisfied only if they pass the third and degree classes, but to work hard until they get a job.
Sub Divisional Magistrate Amlarem Sub Division, Abhilash Baranwal IAS, on Friday announced that the containment order has been lifted in Upper Bakur and Iew Bakur.
Gupta, who took five wickets in the first innings and three wickets today, was named Player of the Match.
And Pharaoh answered and said, Whom shall I obey, to let Israel go? I know not the LORD, neither will I let Israel go" Exodus 5:2
“The decision to resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam will be any decision that can be agreed upon by both sides. right here, but this decision should also be unanimous,” he said.
Speaking to Rupang on Thursday, Dr Mawthoh said, “If the supporting MLAs do not get seats, the government will collapse and therefore, the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has had to forcefully remove the MLAs. According to Dr Mawthoh, the political situation in the state has led to all these things for the sake of the stability of the government.
Not only that, the State Government should also think hard these days and the word of thought, refers to the laws and regulations that we should strengthen the land owners, the indigenous people and that we Khasi, we shall own the land and other resources of this country.
Four Village Organizations, Synroplang Village Organization Thadmuthlong A, Iakyrmen & Iakyntulang Village Organization Thadmuthlong A, Iakyrmen & Iakyntulang Village Organization Mynska and Wadieibha Village Organization Shangpung Khliehmushut.
She said they have written to the government several times to extend the appointment period since the beginning of
The Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12 – Daloi prays to the gods that during these 4 days 5 nights (4 days 5 nights) the rituals will go smoothly and that the people of the Bri u Hynniewtrep Hynniaw Wasa will receive you are healthy – you are strong, you are happy.
Manipur won the gold medal through Thokchom Tennyson Singh in the men's MTB Downhill Full Suspension with a score of 2.08, followed by Dame Wanki Ha-o Suiam of Meghalaya. with the ability to finish second and less than 7 seconds behind Thokchom who took first place.
He expected that if he comes to the throne he will improve them so that the people can get their rights in terms of water supply.
The Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (MAIDS) has supported this campaign because most of the youth are young and under 18 years of age, and thus it is necessary to spread the message. so that they may escape the scourge of this disease.
“How can I do that, father, if you are sick, you can give me a reason,” said Larisa and she looked at him as if she wanted him to tell her a strange story. he said and sat on the throne and wore a white tracksuit.
This is the beginning of his musical achievements including the 1st prize at the Thailand International Guitar Competition
“I want to make it clear that the main duty of the police is to maintain peace and order.
Speaking on the existence of these factories, perhaps many of the people of the state expect to have such an income for the revenue of the state government and also in terms of employment and perhaps this is a mistake. The residents of Byrnihat are only benefiting from the breathing of polluted air and the smoke from these factories in Byrnihat.
Perhaps the farmers are happy for a while but later it will be unknown.
Many youngsters who have the talent to play football have risen and have been selected for the biggest clubs in the State”.
Nongstoiñ, March 7: The Tynghor Secondary School was inaugurated on 3rd July 2014 and is one of the projects to improve the quality of education for the children of the people of 19 villages in the district. this area.
Shillong: After winning all the matches in the round robin stage, Meghalaya will play in the semi final of the U-23 men's tournament against Mizoram. today at MCA Stadium, Polo.
After a thorough investigation, the police found that the child had been tortured and dominated by the woman for a long time and had been beaten and tied by the police. weapons that hurt him many times.
Jowai, Naiwieng 29: The Hynniewtrep Women Welfare and Development Organization (HW&DO) in a statement said that it expresses its condolences to the two children who lost their lives. A family member has died in a fire which broke out at Moodymmai Lumsalah West Jaintia Hills on Tuesday night at about 9 pm.
It is learned that the party has set a target of attracting about 5,000 people to the meeting to attend the meeting of the party chief, but the venue has not been set as they are still preparing.
Ed programme, but they can also apply if they still wish and teachers appointed after 3rd November 2001, will have to apply for the D.El.
Therefore, regarding the riots in the border village, HANM has immediately demanded that the Syiem of Raid Marwet should convene a public meeting at Umsen village and also to hold the election of a new Rangbah Shnong. He added that the village leaders should be Khasi Khara and not foreigners.
Paul's remarks came after KHNAM and other political parties expressed their dissatisfaction with the new OM issued by the government on the implementation of the Roster System.
According to information received, the Eco and the Auto were parked at a car wash on the NH 6 when the truck coming from Shillong to Guwahati collided with them. cars.
The NHS England said 657 people had died, bringing the total to 9,5
We don't accept the statement of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah that there is no need to investigate but to rebuild or repair it,” said Bah Khrawkupar Nongsiej, President FKJGP Mawlai Circle.
It will also discuss the aspirations of the farmers of the country.
“We will see, because we have six months left and after that those who are right will have to answer this question,” he said.
The AG said that at this meeting, many of the proposals submitted by the government to the HPC have been approved by the HPC leaders but because there are some others which the HPC leaders have asked for time to Some of the issues discussed at the meeting held in November have not yet been taken for a final decision.
The reason for his suicide is not known.
Other issues raised by the Seng are the need to conduct the Trading License inspection and immediately arrest the perpetrators who are the main cause of the incident. Farmers in Amlanai Village, West Jaintia Hills.
He said the price of good tyrpad leaf in Mawsynram is T.19 per kilo while in Shillong it is T.22 per kilo, the worst is T.13 per kilo and the worst is T.15 per kilo in Shillong. About T.2.5 crore is earned by the tyrpad farmers in Mawsynram area per annum and it can produce 1.5 lakh tonnes per annum.
Meanwhile, the President of the NPYF, Bah Grimlang Dkhar, said, “I express my regret that all of us have been with the party. Body, we have also set up many circles, one Narpuh Circle, one Saipung Circle, one Sutnga Circle, we have also taken steps to strengthen and expand the work, but the sad thing is that after the The party has confirmed this candidate.
Rev. Sowat, while distributing the Anniversary Message, said that this is a holy day for the Unitarian Church because it is at this time that we remember Babu Hajom Kissor Singh and his family. His followers who first founded the Unitarian faith in Jowai on 18th November,
Shillong: Wah-u-tim village in Shella constituency (Shella Block) has been experiencing a light outage for more than three months.
On the other hand, HSPDP President Pangniang said the HSPDP wants the Langrin constituency to be a victory for Pius.
They wanted to escape by believing but the unbelievers remained in the darkness of Satan.
I remember that it was during the time of PA Sangma that he started formulating a health policy after spending time with foreign thinkers.
“If you are like this, I don't like you anymore...” said Rida's mother. I'm going to beat you...?" When the battle of Ktien Puk broke out, Panah stood up in anger and left the house without eating or drinking.
The commander-in-chief of Norok X. Momin was not present on the occasion but Novembirth said that Norok is in a weak body but he is not ready. to make peace with the government and he will come in the morning to surrender his weapons.
If the Prime Minister feels sorry for us teachers, perhaps he will do something for us as he promised to call the officers first.
“However, regarding the 3rd and 5th semesters, the classes will continue without any interruption.
We don’t know how long this conflict will continue.
Shillong, March 17: The BJP Meghalaya has accused the Congress of suspending MPCC leader DD Lapang and Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma. The Congress party has collapsed.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: In Meghalaya by the end of 2023, there were 2,566 cases of rape of children registered under the POCSO Act
On Tuesday, a land owner from East Jaintia Hills District agreed to donate land for the construction of a temporary garbage dump for the disposal of garbage collected at Iawmusiang since June this year. .
According to the Revised Guidelines, the Common Bio-Medical Waste Treatment and Disposal Facility (CBWTF) should be located within 500 meters of bufferzone from notified residential and areas or should be started in areas where construction is not permitted. Notified Industrial Areas without the need for buffer zones.
Both the teams tried to play well from the start, but after half an hour Nangbah Ïawmusiang opened the scoring through Kynsaibor Dkhar in the 34th minute. end of the first half.
Of the 2,119 military bases destroyed, 74 control points and communication centers, 108 S-300s, Buk M-1 and Osa anti-aircraft missile systems, 68 radar stations were destroyed. , 69 helicopters, 21 helicopters, 748 tanks, 76 multiple rocket launchers, 274 field artillery and mortars, 532 units of military vehicles and 59 self-propelled vehicles.
“The government is finding it very difficult to recruit all the qualified youth, because as it is now, even the employees who have already registered in various offices, the government has not been able to do so. to provide according to their needs especially the teachers,” he said.
Thus, you can find those who are willing to speak in your meetings.
These are the many opportunities that exist now and therefore skilled workers are needed to take advantage of these opportunities.
He explained about the workshop held at the level of Joint Secretary officers in the Union Government and ISRO in the early years of his tenure as Prime Minister.
“We received information that there was a fire in one of the rooms on the 1st of January but we were not informed.
While vehicles carrying dewbilat in the State are allowed to carry dewbilat, but they have to submit a written notice to the leaders of JHTOA. to work to touch.
It is the duty of every person in the world to provide for the needs of his family, children, and those in need. home,to relieve empty stomach and hunger pangs.
“From the group stage, our team came back with more energy.
“I urge all the VPP supporters not to waste their votes for the VPP candidate as this will only be a vote and the RDA has the hope of winning,” he said. I promise that the issues that the VPP wants to raise in Parliament I will raise.
The joining of the four former MLAs is the beginning of the fulfillment of the wish of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Besides, the Minister said that the State Government has also decided to strengthen the anti-drug campaign in all the seven districts which have been identified as drug hotspots and other districts of the State.
Shillong: A petrol bomb exploded at the office of the Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) Shillong at 8.00 pm today.
As shown on the map, the Assam government plans to build a dam on the river to generate electricity known as the Kulshi Reservoir.
However, on the other hand, the office bearers of various departments of the HSPDP from Nongstoin constituency have given their strong support to their MDC Bah LG Nongsiej who has been accused by the president of the party Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit. support the HSPDP candidate in the last mid-term elections.
The water increases the temperature of the body and it is on this basis that the body works.
It is learned that after taking the money, the robber fled from the complainant due to the failure of the job.
Gilbert recalled that in the MLA election 2018, he worked hard to defeat Hamlet Dohling, the incumbent MLA of Mylliem who is also a Minister of State.
SSA teachers have not received their salaries since April.
Although the MLA elections in Sohiong have just ended more than 10 months ago, many office bearers and supporters of the UDP and NPP have joined the VPP. This month, many of the people are looking for Bah Amazing Kurbah, who is one of the stars of the campaign in the last election from the UDP. They have to vote in the Mawphlang-Diengiei constituency in the MDC election in Sohiong.
Since the world has been hit by the COVID-19 pandemic, the residents have been suffering from the increase in prices.
Speaking on the occasion, Gavin said the central government has allocated assistance for the construction of the market at a cost of about T.4 crore.
Shillong: Five more cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed in the state, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma said on his Facebook page.
It is to be recalled that the Meghalaya football team has reached the final of the Santosh Trophy which ended recently in Saudi Arabia. which is like this lympung.
The Mawlai bypass road has been constructed at a cost of T.27.87 crore.
Until now, it has been taught in books which do not fit the way of life of our people here in the Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
“Parents don't want to take them outside because they don't feel comfortable and they feel tired,” said M Sangma, who is blind.
Waters, now 78, has a net worth of $310 million.
He said that the Council will look for ways to set up a school as well as to strengthen the work of Waheh Shnongs from Khasi villages by providing financial contributions and other necessities which they are entitled to receive as citizens of the State. that they should come forward to cooperate.
Regarding development works in such areas, in many cases there is a discussion and agreement between the Deputy Commissioners/ Superintendents of Police through the Border Coordination Committee Meeting, which is held from one to another. This is the time for one of the DCs and SPs of Assam.
“This is the greatness of India which is an example for other countries in the world,” said the Dalai Lama.
Without wanting to be named, he said that as the MDC elections do not fall under the Election Commission of the country, anything can be done according to the Election Commission of India. election rule of KHADC and that the state government also has a role to play in this.
L. Nongbet as coach and Bah B. Lyngdoh as manager.
On the part of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, she expressed her gratitude to all those who have been involved with the State Tobacco Control Cell until it received the WHO Award for the Tobacco Control Cell. contribution to combating the deterioration of diet and smoking.
Explaining about the Suk Mynsiem, Bah Paia B Synrem, Asst General Secretary of the Sengkhasi Kmie, said, “The Suk Mynsiem is a dance of the Khasi people to give thanks to the Creator. who has poured out the blessings of the blessings of the children of men in the land of Hynniewtrep"
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah LG Nongsiej, congratulated the founders of the school, for their courage to serve their village by establishing such an English school. He said that to set up an English school in a rural village is not easy but despite many struggles they have been able to achieve what they wanted.
Shillong: The Assam government will introduce Garo language, along with other indigenous languages ​​like Bodo, Rabha, Mising, Karbi, Dimasa, Deori and Tiwa, in schools up to Class 12 this month. February.
The party sends its condolences to the husband, children and all the family members, said a statement from Bah Eldie N Lyngdoh, Vice President, FKJGP (Central Body).
We have imagined how many people who have the right to bajwat can stay at home without touching their family members , without walking up and down the house and without going outside for 14 days without anyone saying or understanding him.
Of course they are leaders but they are duplicate leaders, as soon as they get the water they forget all the problems of the nation.
He said that there is an urgent need to conduct public awareness campaigns on the spread of violence against women and children, because as it is now there is no peace for women and especially for women. Therefore, there is an urgent need to conduct awareness programmes, in order to prevent violence against children.
This was announced by the President of the Khasi Kmie, Rgh Don Kupar Dkhar.
The issuance of foreign licenses first began under the leadership of Bah Sounder Cajee in the 1990s, when the Iewduh was closed down completely due to the incident of shootings. The shops have been burnt down in these years and the market has had to be temporarily moved to Motphran, because the goods in the shops in Iewduh have been destroyed, because they have been closed for months.
The State Government is doing its part to assist the farmers to market their produce through modern technology.
Nongpoh: Two Mawhati MLAs, Dasakhiatbha Lamare and Charles Marngar MDC, on Saturday, distributed tin sopiing to two families who have been affected by the floods. in Jatah Mawhati, who were injured in the fire.
“We request the State Government to urge the Government of India to cancel the UCIL Development Project and to demand from the Government of India another road construction scheme free from the UCIL scheme,” she said. announcement from the assembly of the chief rulers.
Wanso Lamare scored 30 runs while Maremdor Sutnga scored 18 runs.
The launch was held at Ganesh Das Hospital, Lawmali in the presence of Secretaries of the Department, Bah KW Marbaniang, Director Dr. R Wankhar and others.
The meeting was held at the headquarters of the All India Football Federation (AIFF) in Delhi today. Members of the I-League Committee Anil Kumar, Souter Vaz, Mr. Chirag Tanna, Sunando Dhar, CEO I-League, Isac Doru, Technical Director, AIFF and the entire tournament was conducted by Anil Kamat, Director. Meghalaya will play against Jharkhand on the 12th of July, Delhi on the 14th, South Zone Qualifiers on the 16th and Services on the 18th.
After the people did not respect him at the rally, Purno said that the protest was a slap in the face by the candidate who contested against the NPP in the election. “The protest was organized by the opposition,” he said.
Police investigation into the incident is ongoing.
However, it is said that he has often reminded the State President on the issues proposed to do something to strengthen the party in all aspects especially due to the internal conflict within the party in the state.
In 1968, Babu Wilson Reade, elder of the Mawkhar Presbyterian Church, recalled the welcome service for Sadhu Sundar Singh at the Mawkhar Church. but that night the synagogue was packed with people who came to listen to the preaching of the Sadhu.
Satin Credit Care Micro Finance today distributed placards to the students of Aganwadi Center B.ICDS and Sati Raja Memorial Secondary School Umsning. .
New Delhi, Jymmang 21 : India will play two friendlies against Qatar on the 25th and 28th of this month in preparation for the AFC U-17 Asian Cup.
The Minister also awarded HAV Amplias Synnah and ABC/264 Arki Nikhla of the ANTF for their service to their duties.
Both the CMs have signed the decision of the meeting," he said.
The reason for the closure of the dewbilat factory was after it was found that the KSU had violated the rules of social agreement with the villagers.
In 1976, he founded the Lievens' Vocation Centre, Torpa and became its Director.
During the meeting, she discussed issues related to people living with HIV/AIDS, treatment for them, encouragement, employment, training, education and other issues. explanation, provision of food and legal support.
Shillong, November 07 : The President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar on Tuesday urged the state government to empower the Border Outposts (BOPs) to provide security to the people living on the border. Their land along the border with Assam.
On the other hand, the MDC of Rambrai Jyrngam, urged the Council to look into these important issues and to call for public tenders and the competition will be transparent so that the Council and to increase the collection fee for these gates will bring more revenue for the council.
Shillong, July 3: The price of Dohsniang has been increased from T.200 to T.240 tyngka, but now the price of Doh Masi has been increased. from the 5th of this month.
However, if it spreads to other places, it may not be good news for many churches.
Assistant General Secretary – Heibor Salahe.5.
Their involvement in other crimes is not yet known.
The Minister assured that it is time to bring together the engineers to find new techniques for bringing about change in the society.
A short meeting was held at the JMB office in Khimusniang, Jowai under the chairmanship of Chairman F War.
Some of the villages that still rely on Bangladesh for health are Huroim, Hingaria, Lahalein, Leijri and other neighboring villages.
This was announced by the Division Bench of the Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Elite Task Security and Service Emergency (ESA) at Mawjrong village, East Khasi Hills District has trained 33 young men and women who have been trained in the field of security.
Pynhun is the source of your soul.
The CEM's decision came after the HSPDP has threatened to get another EM in the EClym so it will not be able to cooperate with the ARPA. KHNAM President Pyndap Borthiaw Saibon has praised Basaiawmoit for his decision to resign for the sake of the ARPA. one of the HSPDP who has been supporting the demand,” said Bah Saiborn.
Speaking to media, KJCLF Secretary Rev.EH Kharkongor said that the forum strongly condemns this action of the government as it has recently expressed that it has no intention of opening this camp. He said that during their meeting with the Prime Minister, he confirmed that the government has not yet implemented this project.
He is undergoing treatment in Jowai, West Jaintia Hills, Conrad Sangma said in a tweet.
The Mawkatad Church is located in the village of Mawkatad on the road from Myriaw to Mawsynnam.
That is, “As an anointed man of God, he should not take part in worldly affairs.
At present he has gone to treat people all over the Khasi Hills especially when someone calls him.
I want to tell you, my friends, about a very sad incident in my life.
This organization ceased to operate in
Speaking at the meeting, the Convenor of West Garo Hills said, “We have achieved the goal of strengthening the district, constituency and block of the Trinamool Congress.
They are among the go-to foods among those who choose to eat only vegetables and aibor on better brain function.
The Central Government has introduced the Bill to amend Schedule 7 in the Rajya Sabha and the Rajya Sabha has sent it to the Parliamentary Study Committee for consideration.
At the same time, he wrote about the human rights violations committed by the Indian army in Kashmir and this too shocked the army.
These men translated into Khasi, collected and published the sermons of Sadhu Sundar Singh which he delivered in various churches in Ri Khasi and at the public meetings of the Presbyterian Assembly in
Whether in any job or field to work or to go to any place.
The earthquake struck on Monday night at 8 pm and damaged many houses of the residents, electrical signs, government buildings. including Handloom and Aganwadi, DDNT Secondary School Sohnidan, plants and others.
Amlarem Social Club and Pdengkarong YC have won the Super Division Football League match organized by the ASSA on Saturday at Ladjaplem Stadium.
According to the UDP President, to ensure this, the party should ensure that all the employees and office bearers are well aware and understand the problems faced by the people.
A source from the opposition said the leaders will meet on the evening of the 17th of May and will continue the next day.
Because of the incident, the man tried to force himself to change the water but while he was washing his hands, the girl managed to escape from the gym.
Regarding the public relations, Bah Juda said that the most difficult complaint he has received is about the conductor not giving slips to the residents and the second is about the lack of space and the third is the lack of morality.
However, when the police turned to the fact that there were GNLA members, one of the members of the GNLA opened fire on the police and it hit the hands of the Havildar.
To maintain peace and order in Shillong, the Government through the District Magistrate's Office has imposed Section 144 CrPC on polling day.
Speaking on the reform of the State Electricity Department and MeECL, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the reform has come from the Ministry of Power of the Union Government. The Revamp Distribution Service System (RDSS) Scheme to be implemented across the country.
These Indians who were enslaved to Fiji and their descendants have lived in Fiji for hundreds of years and have no homes or land in India.
He urged the people not to throw away their garbage but to put it in the designated places.
Police have seized the cows and handed them over to the Custom Department at Dawki.
Br Vairagyachaitanya Maharaj, Director-Academics, Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Centre, informed about the results of this season.
Through this tournament, we want to promote and develop the talents of this State,” he added.
He said that if the witnesses are asked to go, the law will go.
Five HYC leaders included Robert June Kharjahrin General Secretary, Nickson Dohling, Vice President, Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, Vice President and Anthony. Kharbuli, Adviser and Issac Basawiamoit, Asst.Organizing Secretary.
Mukul said that in the past, the use of the word longkmie iap lok, has prevented other women who have children but who do not have fathers and for this reason, the government should have changed this. The rules and regulations so that those single women who are facing difficulties can get this scheme.
They don't like, therefore, those who know that they can't buy a bribe.
It is impossible to have knowledge and understanding if you lack the skills or ability to apply that knowledge.
The death toll in the United States has risen to 40,000, according to Johns Hopkins University.
This will help the farmers of the area to know how much they can produce this product and also the marketing method will be adequate because from time to time the farmers do not get The exact price varies from one seller to another.
And we all know that the lives of the people of North East India are in the hands of the Congress.
The Raid Mylliem has two parts, one in June and the other in April.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, has promised to investigate how the question of the AITC MLA has reached the wrong department.
Celestine Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong and Min Makri, while inspecting the construction of the Polytechnic, expressed their regret to see that the construction of the Polytechnic has been completed. When they went to inspect the area, they found that the area has become a place for criminals to take advantage of to commit crimes which is a threat to the village.
Therefore, for the benefit of the students, the GSU demands that the DC should investigate thoroughly into the delay in completing the school.
In the incident, the truck was completely destroyed by the flames of the fire caused by the presence of fuel inside the truck which caused serious damage.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The Synrai Session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly will start tomorrow at 10 am.
“He said that the Congress which has been in power for many years has been empowered but the more powerful the border, the smaller the border, the more powerful the people living in the border villages have been attacked. It is time for the RDA to resolve the border issue.
On the occasion, Bah Raphael Warjri expressed his gratitude to the Governor, Satya Pal Malik, who, although he could not be present due to illness, but was kind enough to attend the ceremony. and thou shalt keep it in thy streets, and the feast shall be solemn.
St. Anthony's College beat Nongtalang College 3-0 and BBS College beat St. Francis D'Assissi College, Nongstoin 1-0
Labiang said the school will reopen on the 14th of June next year.
On the part of Natbor East Jaintia Hills District Khliehriat, we have temporarily banned foreigners from entering the village to buy medicines and other necessities. Go from one village to another village to prevent the spread of covid -1
The funds will be released soon after the state forest department submits its proposal for the project.
Many of the drivers especially those who work in Jaïaw, Polo, Lamali and others have expressed their concern over the suspension of the work. it shall be for the benefit of all.
The VPP MLA also alleged that according to reports, the department does not have a chief chemist to provide a certificate on the safety of the drinking water before it leaves. to the public who use it.
Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya will be the chief guest and Fantin Joseph Lakadong, MDC will be the chief guest.
In a letter to the Deputy Commissioners of the four districts of Garo Hills, Marak said that the schemes of the central government have nothing to do with the MLAs of the districts. They should not be involved in the implementation of central government schemes.
The National People's Party (NPP) President and Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on 18th June 2013 has dismissed the two parties, the Trinamool Congress (TMC) and the Trinamool Congress (TMC). The United Democratic Party (UDP) for bringing in the MoU on the border from time to time and using this for their political gain.
The incident ha Mawryngkneng, in the past few months, has shown that the government officials have not listened to the village authorities and not only that, but it has been seen that until now, the Rangbah Shnongs, have been working hard. jar, on their work and do not appear at all in the work of the government, in relation to the quarantine centres, which they run and many more works they do, in guarding the villages, looking at the peace and order, the distribution of food and drink and even the thinking and teaching about the dangers of the corona virus.
There was no need to clean the woman, but she could only clean her mouth.
This will be a reminder that the names of those roads which have been written along with the Tirot Sing Road are as follows: Governments together with all the Let us take responsibility for the proclamation of 'patriotism' let us wake up and keep watching and I feel it is necessary to suggest the proper use of the slogan “in your own country – do whatever you want” in these cases jing buh spread name.
The Deputy Chairman of JHADC, Ailad Bhoi, fixed the date for the meeting on the 1st of July and adjourned the meeting.
The union also welcomes the health workers from NEIGRIHMS, Mawdiangdiang, to provide adequate services to the people who need assistance from time to time. Health will also be a blessing to the people especially those who come from poor families and to be able to support their own families despite the illness in their homes.
London: To reduce the temperature of the sun, scientists are now looking for a way to inject a chemical into the atmosphere to reduce the temperature of the sun. to the world.
“I don't know anything about this plan, I will have to find out first and I will be able to say anything,” said Bah Wahlang when asked about his opinion on the government's plan to start implementing Aadhar. number instead of Nong stoin.
The union also said that it does not agree with the government or the legislators to introduce laws to treat foreigners from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan as Indian citizens, if they are from India. Hinduism and others if they come to India without proper documents.
Here in Meghalaya too, if the Congress party doesn't split and its leaders join the Trinamul Congress party of Mamata Banerjee, the Congress will have a good chance because all the parties are involved in this. The MDA government is the Congress party.
¢Do not install electrical wires between the signs but only from the electric poles to prevent the electrical wires from falling to the ground and it can also collide with the wires and cause high voltage. ) by electrical boarding.
“From the beginning, we have opposed this bill and we will continue to oppose it until they repeal this Act”.
The Government should not allow government schools to admit or exclude children according to the income of their parents.
However, the MoU was opposed by many on the allegation that the Meghalaya Government has given away the land of Meghalaya to Assam and alleged that Assam is more profitable than Meghalaya.
The HYC Upper Shillong could not say whether the medicine was broken by the distributor or by the people who took the medicine from the hospital. They have thrown drugs into the drinking water well which has caused a serious threat to the residents of Upper Shillong.
Shillong, June 26: The HiTO Mawryngkneng Area has expressed its concern over the presence of an electricity post in the center of Mawryngkneng village, which has disrupted the peace and order of the villagers and residents. A child was also injured in the incident.
“Whereas ye know not what shall be on the morrow.
It has also severely affected the Emu Plains and Maralinga, which has reached the point of relocating the aborigines in order to test nuclear bombs to meet the needs of nuclear power. of the British country.
According to John Ruskin, wealth is part of justice and righteousness.
Shillong, Lber 30: A cultural program to highlight the uniqueness of Rajasthan was held at Raj Bhavan, Shillong on the occasion of the 75th Foundation Day of Rajasthan.
On the other hand, the Secretary of Mawkynroh-Umshing Village, Bah L.Diengdoh, expressed his gratitude to the visiting MLA for the progress of the works after receiving the complaints from the villagers.
Man, animal, is a living creature that God created.
At Larnai Village, the students learned about the methods of making khiew demonstrated by Kong Roilin Pyrtuh.
Therefore, as the Apostle Paul said, when we see such characteristics in man, know that these are difficult days, difficult days to speak and explain.
This is a wonderful work.
Ko, you parents of the youth of Bri u Hynniewtrep, the question to you is, “Have you slept peacefully and are you not worried anymore after your youth have completed their studies? Have your young people got enough jobs?” If your answer is 'yes' we are still worried and can't sleep, then join us to force the Government to build 80% to 100% of the jobs in the Private Sector for the youth of Meghalaya in Meghalaya.
However, this organization is not as strong as it was 40 years ago and has not changed much.
These include EGH: 23, EJH: 10, EKH: 108, NGH: 41, RBD: 80, SGH: 01, SWGH: 29, SWKH: 12, WGH: 35, WJH: 40 and WKH:
They also urged them to be thoughtful and farsighted through hard work, diligence and to strive for knowledge according to the times.
It will enlighten us in this time of pandemic.
but they didn't explain it to the people of Shai.
It’s because of those in power.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haidar al-Abadi says Iraq intends to recapture Mosul, the capital still held by ISIS militants.
The four trucks, ML-10-A-6257, ML-05-G-8715, ML-10-B-7217 and ML-10-B-7406, were seized at Ri-Bhoi Police, in the 18 mer village areas of Ri-Bhoi.
The MLA said that investigations have been launched into the allegations of corruption against the MDA government and government ministers.
The tournament will start at 11 pm for men and women in the Under-11, Under-13, Under-15, Under-17, Under-19 and Senior and Veteran categories 45 years and above.
He said that the HPC has accepted, the Assembly Secretariat and other leading departments have accepted the proposal for the second phase, which will be sent to the DoNER. Maharashtra, Chennai and other parts of India, have come to visit the Sieng Riti Institute, Wahkhen which is famous for its rich culture.
The two employees who were laid off and working as administrative officers within the company include Arun Kejriwal and Umesh Kumar.
Almost all the schools and colleges in the state have participated actively this year from June to June, 2024 with the aim of getting the support and cooperation of the people of the state.
Fortunately, there was no incident that happened to the residents.
“The welcoming atmosphere in the legislature really showed the aspirations of the people," he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: As part of the efforts to make Shillong a safe city, the State Police today launched the 'Visit the Police Station' program at Sardar Police Station. .
[room room].
State Level Center of Excellence for the needs of several sports venues in the State.
He said that it is in this regard that the group has been able to open today this center a place to provide treatment and training at a low price and he said that through this center they It is hoped that one day they will be able to open Rehabilitation Centers for those who have become addicted to alcohol.
According to sources, the vehicle was driven by Bah Phingbor Jana, 52, from Umjei village to Mairang. When the vehicle reached a bridge at Shyrwang village on National Highway 44-E, the vehicle fell into the river.
“It is surprising that the state government is ready to pass a law against the violators with the intention of changing the rules to allow the violators,” said CSWO president Agnes Kharshiing.
On the other hand, teachers of various schools, on the day of the election, remember in your constituencies how many of you have been appointed in the present government, and how many of you have been fired by the present government.
Many branches of NIFT in other states, for example NIFT Chennai, are written in Tamil before followed by English characters.
Anthony Kongwang won the Congress ticket after winning the counting of votes from various units of the constituency.
Do you think or ask? What happens in our country? Those who turn away from the living God, All will fall into destruction.
Another resident said that they have been standing in line for hours and it is unpleasant to learn that the machine is in good condition without any problems. The crowd left the polling station.
Other safeguards as mentioned in the previous reply report should be taken as per schedule.
In the letter, KAS said that it supports all political parties to strongly oppose the CAA 2019, and to demand the implementation of the ILP as implemented in Manipur.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) War Jaintia Circle has demanded that the government should immediately set up a Lay Bay Market in Amlarem. division, to assist farmers and entrepreneurs to sell their products in Amlarem Sub Division.
Furthermore, the police said that the two shakas that were parked on the road were kilong; ML 05 N-5279 (bike), ML05-Z-7528 (Ntorq), ML05 S 6440 (Duet), ML05 R 3090 (Jupiter), ML05 N 2855 ( taste), ML05 Z 0454 (Ntorq).
PYNSKHEMBOR DKHAR (IND) –  4737.
U Shekhar KapurOver the years, this actress has achieved successes that other actresses of that era have not achieved.
Speaking at a meeting held at Byrnihat, Ri-Bhoi to seek support for the NPP candidate from Shillong and Government Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh, Bah Sniawbhalang said that there will be 4-5 candidates. Lok Sabha elections in Shillong.
Meanwhile, Rakkam A Sangma, spoke on the contribution of women in various fields and urged women to continue to fight against the challenges and difficulties in order to contribute. you are part of society.
Shillong: U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday expressed his deep sorrow over the incident which happened on 17th June 2024, in Rongmil area of ​​East Garo Hills, where the bodies were found. , in which the people and the vehicle used by these people, who are from Assam, were burnt down.
This was stated by Bah Pynïaid through the media on Friday when the Hynniewtrep Nongïew Association (HNA) congratulated the Council for taking the initiative to curb the illegal immigration of foreigners. documents available at Ïewduh and GS Road.
“To resolve the border will be a step to ensure a stop to all such incidents, so we have moved forward in collaboration with the Assam government,” he added.
I don't encourage you anymore because I'm afraid you'll be accused of rape and I'm afraid”.
Let us read: Seventy weeks are fulfilled for thy people (Israel) and for thy holy city, to make an atonement for transgressions, and to make an atonement for sins, and to make peace for them. the unrighteousness (of Israel) and to bring forth eternal righteousness, and to fulfill the revelation and the fulfillment of the revelation and the prophecy and to anoint the Most Holy One (Jesus).
The HSPDP leader said that many of the people now turn to the party which has a real foundation to serve and fight for the people and no other party has the foundation. He said that these days; Many scholars from NEHU have been training from time to time with the leaders of the party on how to create a world to get power in the state in 2018 and by what means. Ardent said that the HSPDP has a strong goal and that is to achieve the goals of the people. “We have a goal to win all six constituencies in the mid-term elections in KHADC,” said Ardent.
“How many times did you go tomorrow?” asked the brother.
The union is pleased to say that this action of the government shows that it only wants to use the spirit of cooperation of the people but they do not have a real concern on how to fight the corona virus.
In addition, it has received rice and dai from the Government of India.
There have been 30 recoveries today, out of which 30 cases, 25 cases in West Garo Hills, 17 cases are high risk, 4 cases are from Babupara cluster, 3 cases are from outside and 1 case is from West Garo Hills. others want to go outside.
The union strongly suspects that this is due to the DC's ban on the mining of Mawshun in Nongtalang which could affect the lives and livelihoods of the people there.
The district authorities of East Jaintia Hills have provided the necessary facilities to transport the body to their village.
The meeting, which was conducted by Angela Ryngad, TUR Leader, was attended by RG Lyngdoh, Patricia Mukhim, Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit and others.
In the town of Bethlehem, the place where Jesus was born, there is now the Church of the Nativity and the Manger Square.
He said that there are still projects to help SHGs or individuals in increasing their income.
The order came after the court questioned the state government whether it cannot bring in a CBI to investigate the illegal coal trade in the state from time to time. There are no robbers who carry out such activities in Assam.
HDR said that according to the rules, the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) cannot pass laws themselves but must first seek permission from the Governor. According to the 6th Scheduled, the Autonomous District Council is empowered to pass laws within its jurisdiction without the prior approval of the Governor.
Officials from the Water Resource Department said that this is a project that has to be proposed to the Central Government, so the approval of the beneficiaries is needed so that the necessary action can be taken in relation to the DPR and others. other activities before the end of the Financial Year 2023-2
The question now is who gave the authority to Umsarang Village to erect signboards in the area of ​​Pynthorsohma Village.
The Acting Syiem said that there are 218 private individuals who have applied for pata in the Metor area but the Mylliem Hima has not given them. there on a 1 acre lot.
Malik said that to improve the income of the residents in the rural areas, the government has taken measures to improve agriculture, soybeans, Dohkha, the fields of cattle, goats, pigs and others.
Nongstoiñ: The Indian Oil Corporation Limited (IOCL), one of the largest oil exporters in the country, has encouraged the residents of Meghalaya to open and install petrol pumps. The company will invite applications for the construction and installation of petrol pumps in Meghalaya.
Police said that inside the truck, a suspected suicide note was found by the suspect before he committed suicide.
Prof.A.S.Singh, Senior Professor and Head of the Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, said that the department has the latest equipment for this technique.
Why did you do that?.
Isaiah 54:8–11.
Besides the cash prize of 20,000 tyngka, Mawpat Jabs also received a trophy, while Mawpat Combine, which came second, received 10,000 tyngka and a trophy.
Adding to his speech, Bah Ribanroilang Lyngdoh, Secretary of the Raid, said that not only does the Raid Shabong have beautiful places, but it also has a beautiful place. traditional crafts through the talents of thousands of children to showcase to the world through music, dance, handicrafts and so on.
Shillong, July 16: The President of the KHNAM, Bah Pyndap Saibon, has sent a statement to the MLA of KHNAM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, saying that the party cannot accept the invitation. media without any consensus.
“If you go from Byrnihat to Ratachera bypass, there are 22 illegal money collection gates on these highways and you will not find anywhere in India with so many gates. There is no such thing as Meghalaya.
When we look at the overcrowded city of Shillong these days, it seems that there is no land or opportunity for others in the villages or in the rural areas. They came to flow into the city and fill the streets, markets, roads and highways as well.
Auguster Jyrwa has been elected as a Minister in the State Government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister.
Ernest said the party would like to congratulate the President of the MPCC, Vincent H Pala, who has spoken out on the issue of violence against Christians in the state. you have you are in power.
Therefore, the relatives and others who have any connection with this person are kindly requested to call these numbers immediately for the collection of the body.
In another development, the PDF office bearers together with these two MLAs will urgently meet the Central Executive Committee (CEC) this month to discuss whether to dissolve the PDF or to leave only the MLAs together. Furthermore, reports said that the full joining of the two PDF MLAs to the NPP is to strengthen the NPP when it contests the upcoming elections. Sohiong constituency will be held on 10th June,
He said the government has now set a target to build such a market.
On seeing the sudden fire, the residents of the village, rushed to the scene and tried to help in extinguishing the fire, but as the fire spread quickly, the fire broke out. The fire left the people unable to do anything and all the belongings inside the building were destroyed by the fire.
The realestate business was one of the biggest sources of income before the coal ban.
He said that the BJP expects the people of the state to turn around like in other states of the country, which have empowered the BJP to rule the country, so that He added that Meghalaya will not be able to achieve many changes if the BJP rules the state like the central government.
Upon taking the decision, the Lekhi ordered the nine members to leave the Lok Sabha and after that, it adjourned the House for the day.
It is not known how many Syiems and Rangbah Shnongs have been involved in this land trade on the border.
We are not the people, who are rare in this country, but we are so poor.
Justice Katakey said there was no attempt by the police and government authorities to verify who owns the coal, the owners of the places where the coal was collected and those involved in transporting it. to the coal.
On the other hand, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP) who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, said, “As a party, when we went to campaign in these elections, The days have not promised anything regarding the new district and it is not good to deceive the people to vote for the district”.
He said that once he saw the signboard, he immediately informed the district authorities.
Shillong: The Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI), which provides financial support to small, large and medium enterprises, has entered into a signing agreement with the Small Industries Development Bank (SIDBI). Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Meghalaya Infrastructure Development and Finance Corporation Ltd.
According to the order, it is illegal for any private individual or civil society organization to search or arrest foreigners.
The SP said that they have identified the perpetrators and will arrest them soon.
In the year 2021-2022, the state government has prepared 19 schemes for the management of village and private forests covering an area of ​​1797 hectares.
Superson Lyngdoh scored 22 runs for Domjyrti SC.
Manipur has witnessed the clashes between the Kuki and the Meitei for more than two months which has lasted until 3rd June,
Before the rally, the KSU members were blocked by the police, but when the KSU members arrived at 4 pm, they came from all over Jaintia Hills and entered the hall. They destroyed the meeting place and other furniture in the meeting place.
Many of the people, especially the villagers, don't have enough money to buy food and other items that they don't need at home. .
He said that in fact according to the AD Rules, the government has no role in challenging the appointment of EM but it is the Governor who is directly related to the District Council.
According to a source, the incident happened at about 1 pm this morning and the robbers set fire to a bottle of sharak and The fire broke out in the office and the house was covered with jain curtain, but fortunately the office did not catch fire as the security guard was quick to extinguish the fire. the office.
Of the 2,371 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1,690 cases including 32 Armed Forces personnel and 1,658 civilians, 11 cases in West Khasi Hills District and 11 cases in South West Khasi Hills. There are 17 cases in Ri Bhoi district, 288 cases in West Jaintia Hills district, 40 cases in East Jaintia Hills district, 193 cases in West Garo district including 40 armed persons. forces and 153 civilians, 41 cases in South West Garo Hills, 10 cases in South Garo Hills, 15 cases in East Garo Hills and 22 cases in North Garo Hills.
Not only that, it was reported that dozens of youths, who came from Delhi last night, by train, complained that they have not been able to eat at all, since they left the country. Delhi and the news was received until they entered Uttar Pradesh.
“I don't want to wait any longer, my dear mother, I'll go and tell you that I came to look for you...” said Rida.
The 3rd installment has already been paid to the deficit teachers in Primary/Upper Primary Schools while the Secondary and Higher Secondary Schools have been suspended.
“On the Saubhagya scheme, I have not received a reply from the government.
The statement said that the investigation into the accused brother is ongoing and the group of brothers will cooperate with the law.
At such times people need to understand to help the poor families.
Especially in the present environment which is surrounded only by the evils created by man to steal from others for the sake of his own way of life.
The curfew has been imposed in six areas under the jurisdiction of Sambalpur, Dhanupali, Khetrajpur, Ainthapali, Bareipali and Sadara police since the announcement of the curfew until further notice. elsewhere.
The protest came 10 days after the Meghalaya College Teachers Association (MCTA) protested against the decision of the North Eastern Hills University (NEHU). to immediately implement the National Education Policy (NEP
The ILP does not mean to ban, but to release, once these things have been granted.
Earlier, the government had awarded through Public Private Partnership (PPP) to Synroplang and other groups to operate four buses and small vehicles by sharing the revenue with the government in half.
Shillong: The Hero Santosh Trophy of the 17th National Football Championship (NFC) has been honored today.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Saphai Unit is deeply saddened by the passing away of Anthony Bareh, Waheh Shnong of Saphai.
The Meghalaya team is now in danger this morning after they continued the second innings with 12/3
All member groups under the IBA & DoP will open a Voter Awareness Fora to involve staff and personnel in discussions and initiatives related to voter information.
“You elect the rich during the elections, you elect those who donate alcohol during the elections, it is time for them to increase their wealth.
The Deputy Commissioner (DC), South West Khasi Hills, Bah T Lyngwa who is also the Chairman of the Disaster Management Authority of the district, has warned the residents to be vigilant. in these days from the heavy rain.
Bah RM Shabong Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has already dismissed his ministers, but this time, it seems that the NPP has handed over its position to the UDP. The Ministry of Home Affairs and then the Ministry of Home Affairs, the Ministry of District Council Affairs and these are very important tasks that promote peace and order in the State as a whole and then the District Council, which links the State Government with the three Councils.
He said that there are some important things to understand and that is A. The public should be informed that malaria from the pyrjong species appears and works slowly after 7 to These types of pyrjong are smart to bite and bleed in the morning and at sunset.
You are a believer.
District officials from the DC, ADC and BDO, the Director of the department, I Sangma, Rangbah Shnong and the people of the area were also present.
Speaking to reporters, Kardius Syiemlieh, son of Denis Nongsiej, who was shot dead by the Assam police, said, “We don't need the money. , while the policemen involved in the shooting have not been punished," he said. He said that the payment of compensation is not the end of justice. "We want justice.
The following are the rules and regulations that a candidate must and must not do during the election campaign: The Dorbar Chnong Lion Mission Compound, Jowai appeals to all to work together and follow the rules and regulations so that that the purpose of the Shnong shall be to maintain peace and order and that anyone who violates these rules shall be punished according to the law.
He said that the police have investigated and followed up thoroughly before arresting these people from the investigation of witnesses, CCTV and so on.
It is learned that Mr. Southern left home early in the morning and met two Canadian women who invited him to have fun with them at the bar. Southern drank 21 drinks to complete the competition while under the influence of alcohol, as part of the celebration of the birthday of one of the women who attended the competition. the bag at that time.
In this competition, Seng Khasi College also won the Champion Team Award in the Boys & Girls Category.
Furthermore, in Laitkseh there are no village forests, only family and private forests.
Deibotmitre Khonglah in the 51 kg category and Wanshandamei Lamare in the 60 kg category won the bronze medal.
The villagers are living in darkness and feel that the introduction of the MNREGA scheme is enough.
Shillong, Nailar 11 : The Under Secretary of the General Administration Department (GAD) today announced the “Har Ghar Tiranga” campaign. Independence Day celebrations, from 13th April to 15th April.
Furthermore, what is surprising is that as soon as the chief guest and the chief guest arrived with the intention of opening the school, they found a meeting of the union, which welcomed them. in front of Langpih Market on the way to the opening ceremony of the school, where the chief guest together with the chief secretary Bah KP Pangniang had to sit at the opening ceremony.
Through these Committees, the members and office bearers have to think about the types of works that the people need.
Also present on the occasion were the Chairperson of the Commission, the Deputy Director, the North East Network led by Phanbuh, the Impulse led by the Hasina Kharbih.
Besides, we have also considered the vote share in the 2023 MLA elections which has remained the same”.
Syiem said Basumatary has been suspended from his post and police are conducting investigation into the incident.
They also demanded that the HNLC leaders and members should be allowed to move around so that the peace talks with the government can be facilitated and they demanded the appointment of HNLC officials for the speedy implementation of the peace talks. They also demanded the release of those leaders and members of the HNLC who are still in jail and to understand the progress of the talks. The HNLC has said that only the third and fourth issues out of the five issues demanded by the HNLC have been implemented.
Meanwhile, Rangmaw Sports Club beat Mawbidong Sports Club 2-1
These goals were scored in the second half after the second half ended without a goal.
In Rangblang Sohsyniang, the Bishop still has many relatives and friends.
Dr Abbas Mansouran, 69, one of the doctors who treated these patients, said, “I have seen many people with these kinds of injuries when they were hit by Turkish bombs”.
The day, Daniel 9:27 will be the end time, and we will have to enter this end of times, the most difficult time that the world does not want to know or hear but which cannot escape.
Salmi Kispotta (46.31m)Men’s 110m Hurdles: 1st.
Dr War urged the village headmen not to look down on the health workers as there will be no hospital to send the workers without verifying that they are safe. you are suffering from Covid -1
The Central Government has proposed to implement two railway lines in the State including the 22 km Tetelia-Byrnihat and the 108 km Byrnihat-Shillong.
However, they ordered that Bah Donbok could go alone to answer before the police and that the members should disperse.
When we do any work, we should do it with dignity and respect for others. We should do something that doesn't offend or offend others.
Nongpoh, Naitung 15: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) has refused to listen to the demands of the Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) to appoint two mothers, Subita Lapang and Hundalin Warjri. Banbuhai Makdoh, who was dismissed from MUDA, Byrnihat, after the RBYF went to shut down MUDA, Byrnihat on 1st November , the RBYF has announced more protests.
“The statement that the documents from the Hima have been collected is wrong and unfounded and in fact as an MLA he has not collected the documents from the Hima. It is the responsibility of the Regional Committee appointed by the government to demarcate the boundary and collect the documents. “It's a mistake for the people of Jirang,” said Jirang MLA, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun.
It is learned that the Mahila Congress has planned to hold a procession from Sohiong to Shillong to demand that the state government should not resign from the post of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, their MLA who is the Minister of Home Affairs. central government.
The body will be laid to rest at the Sacred Heart Shrine, Mawlai Shillong from Saturday, Sunday and Tuesday until 10:00 pm for the benefit of the faithful and those who have close relationships. to go and see your body for the last time.
TWE Music School was established by Mawngap Multi Purpose Cooperative Society Ltd through the encouragement and vision of Bah Desmond R Sunn. to the children, youth, adults to use their talents properly in the field of music, singing and dancing, especially to the youth to escape from the evil temptations of these times.
) In connection with the victory of Dimarkithmu, the village congratulated him with a cash prize of 10,000 tyngka and 3,000 tyngka to the two winners.
The National Life Insurance Corporation (NHIS) has lodged a complaint with the government after it was delayed in the tender for the MHIS scheme due to lack of documents, said State Manager Larry Rymbai. .
These facts show that they were closely related to the people of what is now Mayanmar, Thailand, Laos and others.
ii) A Governor like Joseph (Gen 40:41) during the reign of Pharaoh Ramses II in the 7th or 8th century B.C. Who served as Prime Minister of the mighty kingdom of Egypt; iii) Matthew the powerful tax collector of the Roman Empire, iv) Prophets like Elijah (1 Kings 17:6) who gave bread and meat to the ravens morning and evening while he was hiding in the river Cherith, v) John ( Mt 3:3-6) who was eaten by wild fish and locusts when he preached the Gospel in the wilderness until Judea, Jerusalem and the Jordan came to Him.vi)Solomon (1 Kings3 :16-28) one of the Philosophers.
The two persons were arrested in connection with the manufacture of fake certificates of a money collection company in Nongmynsong.
The party also sent a letter to disseminate the promises of the party if it comes back to power whether it is for women and youth, economic development, youth unemployment, education and many others. others.
Initially, the vehicle, after the collision, did not stop, but with the help of the public, they arrested the vehicle and the driver, the reason for the collision was that he was drunk. and he could no longer walk his own way.
The President of India has inaugurated the celebration of the third Audit Diwas across the country on 16th November 2023 at the CAG of India office, New Delhi.
The Uniform Civil Code.
Speaking to media, Bah Adelbert said, “What is surprising is that although the Mawlai bypass has been opened to the public, it is only for those vehicles coming from Mawiong.
Of course, not all parents do not provide instruction, guidance, and understanding for their children.
Earlier, the teachers of the Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSTA) had demanded that the government should take over only the teaching post and not the management of the school. schools.
The Khasi child who thinks that the Dykhars are doing khongpong (marriage to a woman), learns that not only those Dykhars are doing khongpong, but many churches in the world are doing what he thinks. smoke.
Samla Biangbor strongly warned other political parties who want to spread the name of the KSU, and urged that if they want to serve the people they should serve in their own way and not to deceive others. .
On the other hand, he said that the party has demanded from the Minister of Animal Husbandry, Bah Prestone in a meeting yesterday to set up a cow market in Byrni, so that it will be more peaceful. The cows were brought from Assam and when they were transported to Bangladesh they had to go to Khanapara to do all the necessary work.
Shillong, March 30: The youth of the Catholic Church from 15 Dioceses in the North Eastern Region of India recently met together at the North Eastern Regional Youth Commission (NERYC). ) that is after 5 years.
Heat and humidity are the two main causes of the development of many diseases.
Earlier, Sohra MLA TW Chyne said the government has not taken any action to curb the influx of foreigners especially those who come to work and this has affected the state residents.
Speaking to media, HYC President Bah Robertjune said that the arrest of these two church workers has been a violation of the rights granted by the Constitution to all citizens of the country.
By Bah Philip Marwein Meghalaya is famous for its meat consumption and the fish we don't eat are beef, pork, beef, fish, beef and turkey.
The incident was reported to the Kyrdemkulai Out Post Police Station who then informed the Search and Rescue Team of the Fire and Emergency Service Shillong, who rushed to the scene and recovered the body. of the man who died after drowning in the water.
“It's been five years since I had to think again,” said the mother while drinking water from the bottle.
Shillong: Filarisha Wann, who came first in the HSSLC Commerce examination, said that hard work and good work are the most important things to achieve success.
Born in Mumbai, K.Hariharan has produced various films in Marathi and Hindi.
He said that in this state, even in small jobs, most of them are foreigners who work or get jobs.
“It is necessary to ask those high levels because I myself cannot tell because I am not in it,” he added.
Sanbor said that the constituency has also received a grant of T 12.5 crore from the DoNER Ministry for the construction of the Municipal Market.
The meeting lasted about ten hours because there were no people who came.
Why is Bernard afraid and why does he run away? “If the police want to investigate, why didn't he go to the police but create a political drama about this incident?” asked the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
However, dew ra if they get enough water and if they have enough fertilizer can be good for this plant.
He said that the destiny of the two countries is similar and that the two countries have a common heritage and through the cooperation of India, Bangladesh is on the path of roi that about.
On this occasion, Bah AL Hek promised to discuss the matter later and promised that the government will help to beautify the place so that it will survive and preserve the customs and traditions of the country. Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep.
The bridge was repaired by a private individual from Mawkyrnot village, Bah Moiarwes Khonglam.
Leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Umroi-Umïam, led by Bah S.Thabah as Chairman and Bah PB Sylliang as Secretary. , in order to seek clarification on the increase in electricity bill in the villages in the area.
He said the plan to move the TB Hospital from Jhalupara to Umsawli is based on the government's plan to set up a doctoral college there.
Reports said that the dkhoh had been stuck on the tree for four days after being thrown into the ground.
Gogoi was arrested after police conducted an investigation after receiving an FIR from the Inspector of Schools.
“However, I don't remember exactly whether it is 200 or 400 but 10 percent of it is the residential area,” he said.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government will lift the ban on imported fish from today, said the Commissioner of Food Safety, PW Ingty.
Steven's praise for the film came when he took part in the screening.
Shillong, July 6: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bandaru Dattatreya, on Tuesday criticized the Congress-led state government for not implementing the funds to be paid to the 80 employees. crore.
The main issues of teachers from the deficit, adhoc, ssa, etc. have not been addressed until the state has reached the top in India.
He said that whenever there is any work in any place, the MLA of the area is informed and the people are informed. “I am surprised, even I, the MLA, don't know. eiei, you've just got power," he said.
Therefore, we have witnessed many shortcomings in the MDA 1.0 government where even the Ministers have no understanding.
The Minister also informed that the target of the Shiitake Mushroom Production and Training Center is to provide assistance to 1000 farmers.
He said that Chokpot is one of the most backward areas even after 50 years of independence.
KT, who is now 98 years old, and Jeannine, who is 92 years old, said, “I still love you.
“If there is no special allocation, many of the youth of the country will have to stay at home even if they have the desire to continue their education but the road will be much more difficult than in years and times have passed," said young Mandor.
After the incident, police took the two men to Byrnihat PHC and after the request of the family members, a post mortem was conducted.
Banteilang Kharngi in the 25th minute and Franky Kurbah in the 51st minute.
