According to the blueprint submitted by the government to the HPC on 29th November 2022, the plan is to build multi-storey houses in the quarters of the SMB and to accommodate all 342 households in the quarters. area.
You have seen how the work of the Chief Minister of the state is now.
He explained that the roster is only for recruitment and therefore, it does not mean implementation in the field of education dangle to allocate scholarships in various institutions across the country.
According to the Minister of Taxation, James K Sangma, the government has taken the decision to repeal the Act on the grounds that the residents of the state are not happy with the Act. The law shall not apply within the borders of the State because it shall be freely operating if it is recognized by law.
Only to promote the world work for the foreigners.
He said that the party needs to be revived especially by bringing in the youth.
On this occasion, it was seen that almost all the former leaders of the KSU in Ri Bhoi, were honored by the current leaders of the KSU. they already did all those years ago.
A total of 32 colleges and universities including NEHU UG &amp; PG students of Shillong Campus and Tura Campus and also members of groups; More than 700 players participated in the tournament organized by the Sport Department of NEHU. In the final match of the tournament, Shillong College played against St. Anthony's. Shillong College won the title 3-1 to win the title.
“The attempt to repeal Article 35(a) is only a trial balloon, to understand how the people feel whether it is possible to force the rule of law through this agenda,” he said. clearly “we need to be vigilant and vigilant because this current government will do what could have disastrous consequences.
Not surprisingly, India did not qualify and one of them was their 3-2 defeat to Uzbekistan in the friendly.
In addition, the program will also enable the participants to understand the issues and problems related to overcrowded and unstable households, reconstruction of households and income including assistance for mental illness and other related illnesses.
What happened to the Jews? They chose the curse, so God scattered them around and to Babylon.
He expressed his satisfaction with this and promised to give his full support from the Government”.
The NGO Co-ordination Committee will meet with the Election Commission on the 28th of this month to set another date for the counting of votes.
They rejoiced with Him, hoping in the struggle that Jesus led.
They also expressed the need for a good road from Nongpoh-Umden to Sunapur.
These items have been donated by Wildlife through the Integrated Development for Wildlife Habitat and the CSS Scheme for Community Reserves.
Therefore, the public is requested to check the price of Khaw without AAY and PHH Ration Card except for Non-NFSA Ration Card as directed above. , please contact the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District or phone Toll Free No.1697, or the District Grievance Officer, East Jaintia Hills District.
The hearing of the case will be held on the 29th of July.
Speaking at the closing ceremony of the 3rd Meghalaya Farmers Parliament at the State Convention Shillong on 5th November organized by the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) -Work with the Government through the Agriculture Department.
However, suddenly, it was reported that when the day came, they went to the place of worship as ulong to Mawnarian, but they were shocked and sad because none of the elders and other elders of the Raid were present. as usual.
However, the government will not forget to include the history and customs of the state in the textbook.
The toss was won by Slog Warriors who chose to bat first.
Syiem died while undergoing treatment at NEIGHRIMS, Shillong at the age of
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 09 : United SC Kolkata have prepared well for the 2nd leg of the semi final against Lamare SC Mawlai on the 11th of this month at the New Nongstoiñ Stadium. by the people of Nongstoiñ.
There will also be a selection of talented players from both the Block to represent the District at the State Level which will be held soon in Shillong.
“Shoes are clean.
She was one of the women who stood on her own feet, being recognized as a multi-talented entrepreneur.
The mother of his wife saw that he was very weak but he had a very happy appearance.
During his career as a movie star, Nicholas has taken part in several beautiful films and even today many of the films he has acted in are still able to attract the audience.
He spoke about the importance of the customs and traditions of the jaitbynriew in the census.
Although Shillong Lajong FC tried to turn the tide, they couldn't score and before the end of the first half, Adil Khan scored another goal in the 44th minute.
According to the DC of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah, after 10 pm, there are riots and fights.
This action of yours affects your own glory.
“The departments not only look after the peace and order, but they are also the leading force in the struggle to solve the problems of the people,” he said.
These ethnic auctioneers who want only the post of Minister and lumspah who don't even want the post of Chief Minister have sold it to the Garo Khar since they started getting their own state.
This is what has caused a stir among the two BJP MLAs, as it was after Bah Hek's statement to the media that Bah Sanbor had tried to turn against Bah Hek.
The party also called on all the Chief Executive Members and the people to support the indefinite strike by Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
He said that it was during his tenure that a foreigner was invited to build a cement factory.
Tony Shylla, General Secretary HYC Nongpoh, said that through this Christmas we can welcome the incarnation of Jesus especially to open our hearts, to become the abode of the Son of God and to let us also extend our lives in our earthly journey to God in every step we take and to perfect our Christianity.
(Dr) BD Mishra (Rtd) who is the Governor of Arunachal Pradesh to become the Governor of Meghalaya and should resign immediately until another arrangement is made.
She also pointed out the shortage of government colleges in the state and demanded that the government should set up colleges in all districts to improve education in the rural areas.
For any lasting change in the country, we as the people must first change our mindset, attitude, attitude and in our views any teachings that may not be appropriate. no longer with this age or to establish good teachings.
This shows that the Khasi make up only 20%.
The receipt of nominations will be from 10 am to 12 noon and the competition will start at 12:15 pm.
In another raid, BSF troops of 4th Battalion, Meghalaya seized sarees worth T.13 lakh from the border of Muktapur, West Jaintia Hills. I'm from Bangladesh.
For a separate constitution, the Government of India has not yet approved it, but it is said that discussions will continue in the coming days.
The deadline for submission of applications is July 13,
Therefore it is necessary to fear God and not to oppose the word that he has spoken because the word of God cannot be increased or decreased, nor can the word of God be changed. .
It cannot be said that the paradoh parasnam have also suffered greatly.
Will those who are thinking of what is right, what is right and what is true join these wicked people? Does the knowledge of the righteous allow them to join in like that? .
The NPP has condemned Bah Witting for this insulting remark and urged him not to engage in such behavior which shows that he is not yet an elder.
At the meeting of the 6th State Conference which was held on the 14th of this month, Trinity Saioo was awarded the Padmashre Award as the chief guest. Dr. Sashankutalang Khongthohrem State President, Tengku M. Marak State Secretary ABVP, SK Lato Chairman Reception Committee, Skemjingmut Law and other dignitaries.
Father Stan Swamy has died and can no longer ring to breathe and can no longer open his mouth to ask questions, can no longer move, go to public protests or take part in struggles. they can no longer go to Їingshari to sue and complain against the authorities.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 1123 new cases have been confirmed and there are 7454 active cases in the state.
On the same day, the HYC Mawlai Circle, has also visited the documents of the foreign workers working on the bridge of the by pass road constructed by Bah Bungsing Sohphoh. The HYC has inspected the documents and found that all these foreign workers do not have proper documents, especially the Labor License from KHADC. the place where they came from.
If they don't respect and obey the rules of the village, rude words will not spread so much in many villages.
He urged the people of the constituency not to leave Stephanson but to stay with him so that when he wins he will take care of Amlarem constituency and that the people of the constituency will be free from the genocide.
This has been introduced in the Act 2019 by the BJP Government. The BJP is concerned about the welfare of the tribals and has introduced this provision to release them.
It is worth mentioning that the celebration of Youth Sunday was first started in 1968 at Umpanai Church.
Shillong, March 4: Houses and crops have been destroyed in two villages in Ri-Bhoi District after a strong storm struck the area this morning.
It was the French who brought the Dkhars to this country to work as labourers, government servants and traders.
“The ICCCs provide information through the use of technology and show the officers in charge of this case that they can deal with the daily work, problems or emergencies through detailed SOPs. ," he said.
“In fact, the government in its memorandum has clearly stated that it should not stop appointing people from house to house in government offices.
The ceremony was held at Laitumkhrah in Rani B&B in the presence of CEC members including President Charlie J Rani, General Secretary Teibor Shadap, Organizing Secretary Justine Kahit. Mr. Daniel Kharshandi, who is also the Adviser to Shillong City.
Fear them not therefore: for there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; neither hid, that shall not be known.
Shillong, Nailar 10: Nurse GNM students who are studying privately have protested against the government's plan to issue another announcement for the recruitment of 180 posts which have already passed the examination including written examination and head examination, from last year.
For the Bengalis, it was said that they could not be fought against in intelligence and intelligence and it was known that they were great and it was their nature, Deb said.
“I call upon you voters to turn out in this third phase of voting.
I wish you all not to run away, but I leave it to you that".
“The MDA has turned us away and we too will turn it around and this is a corrupt government.
Both of them shot Shakira and this may have led to the breakup of the two best friends, Lewis Hamilton and Tom Cruise.
The CAG has recommended to the state government to increase the Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP) to generate revenue to pay the debt and avoid the crisis of inability to pay the debt. the ram is allowed to be taken.
“I know that Assam understands that if we talk about this issue, Dr Mukul Sangma will not give up because I will not give these land to Assam.
Nongpoh, Naitung 17: U Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh Constituency on Tuesday said that Ri-Bhoi District, which is one of the districts in the state, has been selected as an Aspirational District. The benefits of the youth and students of the state are very important, as the state does not yet have a Medical College where the students have to go abroad to study.
“There may be bad news but we are fighting the 2023 elections with one mind, one issue, one goal to ensure that the TMC comes to power, and because we are The party, which is new, was formed only 6-7 months before the elections.
The meeting discussed the preparations of the State Government to fight against Covid 19 and said that the Government currently has 3,847 beds prepared for corona patients. The state has 2,56,379 PPEs, 6,80,000 3 ply masks, 2,41,086 N95 masks and 20 ventilators.
On 14.09.2023, Shangpung will play against Khliehmynkrem.
He said that if the party wins, even Ma Ieid Hoping will be happy.
In the Public Hearing, the rule is to listen to both supporters and opponents before making a decision on the objectives of a factory.
In the first leg, Mawryngkneng FC beat Catholic Youth 10-1. Ngietlang Sutnga scored four goals in the 12th, 13th, 24th and 4th minutes. Kitbok Pyngrope scored three goals in the 36th, 46th and 75th minutes, Elphidius Wanshong in the 49th and Talme Warjri in the 79th minute.
On seeing the vehicle number ML05-G-0965, the police stopped it and after completing all the requirements under the NDPS Act and in the presence of public witnesses, the police stopped the vehicle. They searched and seized the drugs placed inside the byrni.
How many times should this injection be given and how many days after the second dose? 13.
There are two types of dumasla planted for smoking and cigarettes and other purposes.
At the same time, the NGT has decided that it is the duty of the state government to look after the coal, which has already been mined. They said that the Tribunal will take a decision after receiving information on the matter.
The delay is because the Ministry wants the documents like UCs and has ordered to use the money first while the State Government has already used the money of the first installment,” he said. Like.
Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam became the first President of India.
Therefore, he said that this has left many youths in darkness and questions have arisen from many because of the employment without following the right path.
“I have asked those who have preceded me, they say that the No Confidence Motion comes after the List of Business.
“In Shillong, the income is high and the work is easy and stingy,” said one of the Bengali women. They didn't buy anything from the shops every day, when they delivered it in the morning.
Therefore, the four organizations strongly condemn this act and promise to resolve this issue which is the most important issue in the West Khasi Hills.
According to information received by SP News Agency, the Meghalaya government through the Department of Community and Rural Development (C&RD) in November has sent a letter to all the MLAs in the rural constituencies. The Government has the intention to increase the SRWP scheme known as the MLA to Rs 2 crore.
This was witnessed on Friday when hundreds of students of the university under the banner of the North Eastern Hill University Students Union (NEHUSU) held a placard rally. inside the grounds of the university in protest against the silence and lack of attention of the relevant authorities to the demands that the Union has been raising for some time.
While they were searching, a woman named Ethesda Kharwanniang (60 years old) from Mawkyrwat area saw a 'seiñ iong about 4 feet tall. In shock and fear of the bseiñ, the woman ran home and fell into the rock and fell into the deep thwei of the Wah Umngot.
Perishable plastics, when exposed to the sun, photodegrade, causing harm to marine life.
“We have discussed the ways and means in which the central government has felt the need to review the border protection of Meghalaya,” he said.
Samuel said the party has gone to put before him that the government should launch a public inquiry into the shooting death of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew at his residence on 13th July Mawlai Church of Egypt.
Johnfilter L. Marshillong President NPYF SWKHD was the Chief Guest in the presence of Bah HS Diengdoh President NPP Mawkyrwat Block and Village Ministers. Lawble and Umjaraiñ along with the people who came to witness this day.
The SPC Leaders said that the general accusation is not only stupid but also an insult to the journalists of the State.
Speaking at the meeting, Conrad acknowledged Prestone's statement that this government does not want to talk only, but shows by deeds.
The festival is part of the fundraising campaign for the flood victims in Chennai which will also be donated to the Chief Minister Relief Fund to help the farmers.
Answering a question, Bah Tynsong said; “The revised blueprint is as follows, the existing office of the municipal board we have about 2.14 acres of land, but as it is not enough for all the 342 households, we have allocated the land again. which is about 1.4 acres.
The final of the 2nd District T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 organized by the East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (LKC) has come to an end with Laitjem Cricket Club winning the 2023 T20 Cricket Tournament. They beat Hurdles Cricket Club by three wickets.
The ADC has directed the wholesalers, retailers and sugar producers in the Sub Division to register and inform the stock of sugar on the Government website to check the stock of sugar.
On this day, it was seen that all the shops in the city and in the countryside were closed, as a sign of respect for the 26th.
From the letter of the Prime Minister, it was seen that the husband of the woman, has tested positive for coronavirus.
The arrested were identified as Khailen Hoakip, 42, and Lheineihoi Hoakip,
It has taken decisions to allow fishermen from neighboring villages from Pynursla (East Khasi Hills) and Amlarem (West Jaintia Hills) who used to come to fish in the “Masiah and Rijab” areas. strict conditions mentioned below.
Khlaiñbor said that on the 31st he was not at the shop, but he was in Shillong and as soon as he learned of the incident, he inquired from his employees, but they refused. He said that the man who came to eat was a shocked man who was very weak and could not even ask for food, but he asked for his friend who came with him to the shop.
JHCMA president RK Pareek said the meeting was successful and they will hold a meeting with the JAC in the coming days.
Bah Rocky Hek was accompanied by his relatives and supporters.
At the same time, he said that to protect the indigenous people, it is only the indigenous parties and not the BJP, Congress or other parties.
The Meghalaya High Court has already ordered the state government to improve the condition of the NH road according to a PIL filed by one of the residents of East Jaintia Hills. Hills District.
Nongstoiñ, November 21: The KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit on Tuesday 20th November 2022, celebrated Christmas with 8 school children from the KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit. for you.
These teachers came out to protest, after completing their teaching duty and said that their protest, after school, is not to disrupt the teaching that the students need.
How can our engineers dare to draw up road construction plans without drainage in this state where it has been raining for about 6 months?
He said that there is a talk that the election of Khasi legislators is based only on the candidate and the party cannot help to win or lose. “We have confirmed that this statement has ended because many people don't know our candidate and don't even know or meet us but because Prah has always supported any candidate we contest,” he said. .
The Bible Calendar has exactly 30 days.
Shillong, November 17: Police have arrested a man for allegedly marketing a Khasi film titled “Dait” without permission.
The Deputy Commissioner of EJH, A Baranwal in his speech expressed his gratitude to the Superintendent of Fisheries for taking this step which will bring about change in the income and economic development. That this will create a lot of employment opportunities among the youth of the district.
In 2013, the Election Commission of India (ECI) had directed the Delimitation Committee to look into the population of the constituencies and if necessary, to divide them. the new Assembly Constituency.
This meeting will be held again on the 17th of October.
“I think they (AITC) should join the BJP, it would have been better for them.
The march carried banners, placards and slogans “Don't throw us in the dustbin like used garbage”, “We have taught for many years, the government should not dismiss us from our jobs”. ", with slogans along the streets 'We demand rights', 'We want job security' and so on.
Daniel 9:27/ Daniel 12:11.
At the same time, the Sengbhalang leaders said that after a while when the contractor has rebuilt those insufficient parts, they will come down to measure again and if they find that there are still insufficient areas. Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 30: The office of the District School Education Officer, South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat today held a meeting with the District School Education Officer, South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat today. The District Level Science, Mathematics and Environment Exhibition 2022 was held at Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat.
Furthermore, the report said that after the cancellation of the entire tournament, the national team will lose all the payment it has already paid for the SOR and also that Australia will now face the a fine of up to 80% of the salary earned from the game for the same role played during the game.
According to reports received in the past few days, elders and leaders from different parts of Nartiang constituency, have come to give their full support to Jopthiaw Lyngdoh.
Satyendra Garg, Joint Secretary to the Government of India for the North East, said that the Government of India has decided to end the border dispute between Assam and Mizoram in October. in the year
“I would like to request you to forgive us if you find any shortcomings, we have tried to improve the situation and I am sure you will accept this,” he said.
In that election, it won four MLAs and Bah Pynshngaiñ left the party which he had formed shortly afterwards.
“From my point of view, the CEM of KHADC is an opponent of the development works of the government and also of the people of the state,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
He also urged the Syiem of Mylliem, Bah Ainam Sing Syiem, who was also present at the meeting, to take strong action against those traders and khar kaia who take advantage of the farmers by punishing them. the law.
It cannot be said that the development of sports in the state is due to the hard work of state associations, schools, colleges, villages, civil society groups and private individuals who have taken the initiative to organize sports through the state level, inter-district, inter-school, inter-county, knock-out and others which help for the youth to showcase their sports talents.
While he was praying, he saw a vision of a cloud coming down out of heaven with a linen cloth, and it fell on the ground of the second floor where he was sitting and kneeling to pray.
Noting that although there is not a single MLA of the party to contest again from the Congress ticket in the upcoming elections, Bah Pala said that as usual, almost half of the MLAs will contest from the Congress ticket. have been defeated and thus this has opened the way for new faces to emerge.
There have been 487 deaths in India in the past 24 hours and 25,000 new cases.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday clarified that the land for the construction of houses for the residents of Them Metor, is not the Shillong Municipal Board office, but it will be under the jurisdiction of the Shillong Municipal Board office as it is the property of the SMB. He said that if there is an agreement between the two parties (the Government and the Harijan Panchayat Committee), it is good, because after the demands for the relocation, and as it appears now the Government wants to relocate the Harijan Panchayat Committee. The people of Them Metor to areas not under the Hynniewtrep Area.
In his career of more than 40 years, Desai has held various positions including DG, Films Division, Addl DG (Administration & Training), IIMC, CEO, CBFC. , was involved in the opening of the National Museum of Indian Cinema in Mumbai.
Remember that one day he will convert to another faith and the nation will be his.
In a petition submitted to the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem asked for clarification whether the KHADC has given permission through the No Objection Certificate (NoC) for the ongoing construction of this Gurudwara in Them Metor.
The Taxi Association leader said that according to the discussion with the DTO, it has become clear that the commercial taxis can operate as usual until the matter is resolved.
The incident at Mukroh has disrupted and brought about obstacles in the talks with Assam on the border settlement.
This tragic event occurred on July 13, 2023.
They were rushed to Lumshnong PHC for treatment.
Jowai, Nailur 15: The Society for the Study of Law, Jowai today held a meeting at Chutwakhu Indoor Sports Hall, Jowai, on the demand for the establishment of a National Law School in Ri-Lum Jaintia. The meeting was attended by the elders of Jowai, Waheh Shnongs, civil society organizations like JSM, JSU, KSU and FKJGP and young women.
In 2020, the 5 (five) judges, request to review the decision in 2004 by the High Court, which shall have 7 (nine) or more distinguished judges.
Teibor's visit to the Election Commission of India (ECI) has directed the political parties to announce publicly the candidates who have no cases. The NPP candidate from Mawlai has been cleared of all charges from the pre-election case.
The West Jaintia District Badminton Association wishes all these players to be strong and to play well from the heart, so that they can bring victory and glory to the District. hi all.
On the other hand, UDP President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that up to 9 MLAs from other parties will come to contest from the UDP in 2023 if the talks with them go smoothly.
Speaking on the occasion, the Governor said that although Durga Puja belongs to Hindus, it is an honor that all religions have come together without discrimination. anything you feel.
The picture has been drawn.
Khaw AAY at the rate of 35 kgs per household and PHH at the rate of 5 kgs per person.
It is the Shiva temple, built by King Paramatheertha, or Tejo Mahalaya.
These Agor trees have started to disappear because no one takes care of them.
The lack of scholarships for the students for one year has created problems for them and especially for the students who come from low income families as it is also the time when they have to pay the class fees for the year 2024.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Cricket Association (RIC) has won the Inter-District Under-19 Cricket Tournament 2022, which was organized by the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCC) on Tuesday. In collaboration with the Ri Bhoi Cricket Association, which was held at the RBDCA Cricket Ground in Nongkhrah, Nongpoh.
This rich man did not go to school.
On the other hand, the VPP demands that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah should take responsibility and ensure that his department will implement measures in accordance with the law and in the path of democracy.
Speaking on the achievements after 2014, the Minister said that LPG connections have increased from 50-55% of the villages to about 100% now, all of them now receive the right medicines for the children. , the availability of household water has increased many times in the last six years, he said.
“We will allow the Government of India to renew the fees of CGHS as it did in 2005-06,” she said. The Government is not concerned about this issue.
“If there is any demand from the HNLC to reach the peace talks, it is up to the CM to consider the demand,” said AL Hek.
Son of man, can these bones live? Ezekiel answered – Oh, Lord God, I know.
The Head Teacher of R.C.Eve.
“The plaintiff has disregarded the powers of the court and therefore, she must pay Rs 20 lakh to the Delhi State Legal Services Authority within 10 days,” the court said. , should help those injured in car accidents.
He said that a letter has been sent to the MLA to stop the work as it is illegal but he has not listened. He has sent a letter to the DC of Kamrup to stop the construction of the road.
In this ceremony at Basa Die tympew, a fourth female cow was led first and followed by a white female goat.
“It has been proven that there is a sting from the PHE department,” said the Working President of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah.
When this happens there are many reactions; It is from such incidents that politics has been described in another way, namely “Politics is a dirty game”, and it has been felt so.
“The VPP also confirms to reconsider the resolution on the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam and to demand intervention from the Central Government for the resolution of the border dispute in Block I. Block II. She also expressed the need to bring about transparency, accountability and efficiency within the government to ensure that the aspirations of the people are met.
Switzerland won 5-3 on penalties after a three-goal lead in extra time.
It was also noted that on this issue, Garo Hills has united to oppose the demand of the VPP, while in Khasi Jaintia Hills, there have been those who have opposed and expressed that the issue should not be raised. There has been a bloodshed between these two ethnic groups living together in the same state.
The poor have become poor; and the rich increased in wealth.
Speaking to Rupang, the Treasurer of the San Shnong Youth Welfare Organization (SSYWO), Bah Teilang Rynjah said that the change of color of the Elephant Fall Valley cannot be blamed on the Airforce. you shall not cleanse these things.
I asked Modi about his relationship with Adani but he refused to say.
He said that about 20 candidates have applied for ticket from the NPP to contest the MP election from Shillong seat.
“Not only the Congress party but also the local members who have joined the NPP recently have demanded and this shows that the MoU has been signed without the consent of the local MLAs. I have just joined their party,” said Bah Ronnie.
This is a sign of the full support of the people to Sniawbhalang Dhar to win the election once again as the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly from the State Legislative Assembly. for the next 5 years.
The Dolloi of Amwi District, J Pyrtuh, after the election, announced that Lephing Pyrtuh has been elected as the Waheh Shnong of the Sohmynting Dorbar Shnong.
The festival will be inaugurated by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, in the presence of Shella MLA Balajied Kupar Synrem, Shella MDC T.Dkhar and officers from Sohra. Civil Sub Division.
“When one politician does wrong, all the politicians are blamed together and this is a situation that has entered the minds of the people,” he said.
“We urge the Khasi-Jaintia politicians in this new government that before they threaten their own political career, they should put their own Jaidbynriew first. The HNLC's struggle is not for development, but for freedom from Khadar rule”.
This happened at 1:45 pm today when a person involved in this incident was arrested by the police in collaboration with the village.
Besides, the DyCM said that the Police Department has also taken many measures to strengthen the security of the people living on the Bangladesh border and these include the setting up of 13 Police Stations at Mahendraganj, Ampati, Dalu, Baghmara, Rongara, Dawki, Pynursla, Shella, Mawsynram, Ranikor, Lumshnong, Gasuapara and Nonghyllam near the Bangladesh border and also 19 Anti-Infiltration units in the border areas.
At the same time, Nongsiang said that YHAI Meghalaya will also hold the National Convention of the Youth Hostel for NE Youth in Shillong in June
Rowell also spoke on the Housing Act which he said is an existing Act because it has been seen from a distance that this area is an earthquake zone, which has been handed over to the departments. He said that earlier it was implemented only in the city but now it has been possible to expand the implementation of the Act.
Well, the polling has been over but who and which party will form the government in Jaintia Hills and Khasi Hills? It is difficult to predict the results if you have not seen them.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Territorial Organizations Jaintia Hills (HITO-Sahsniang) has found irregularities in the implementation of the toilet scheme in Sahsniang village under the RTI Act HITO-Sahsniang has lodged a complaint with the DC of West Jaintia Hills, to address this issue together with the EE PHE office. The EE PHE, but the union has not yet responded because the union wants to fight for a joint inspection to clarify the RTI. The Sahsniang Outpost has lodged a complaint with the Officer In Charge, Raliang Outpost to find out the facts. , against the VWSC and the union suspects that there is a conflict between the VWSC and the Coordinators of the PHE department and for that reason they do not accept the investigation and the union demands to register a case against the VWSC. The complaint will be filed against those involved in the scheme.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah MH Kharkrang, said that on receiving a tip, the police have arrested the father of the child and registered a case against him. u under the POSCO Act.
“Give me only five years now and if I can't do anything for the constituency, put me in the next election,” said Bah Diengngan.
I strongly condemn such articles which are not true and which aim to “Character Assassinate” me because most of the time I speak against what I feel is wrong when the government or anyone else does wrong.
On the other hand, the HYC Sumer Unit led by Samla Shining War as President, in the presence of Samla Jason Lenox Nongrum President of HYC Ri-Bhoi, together with the members of the HYC Sumer Unit, also expressed their concern to the DC. The residents of the area, especially the school children who have to walk every day from the same crossing, can cause tragic incidents at any time especially during the rainy season.
All the things that are written in it are true, that have happened, that are happening, and that will happen, as it is written in it.
They don't really help to solve their problems.
The Congress has 11 MDCs including Pynshngain as CEM. Those who have not yet resigned include Lamphrang Blah from Mawphlang, Donevan Kharwanlang from Sohra, Jansing Tynsong from Lyngkyrdem, Mansturdy Nongrem from Langrin. u Bah Process T Responsible.
The donation to this Home is T.50,000/-.
Of these, 19 are civilians from East Khasi Hills District, one BSF personnel from West Garo Hills District and 2 civilians from South West Garo Hills District.
The tournament will be held in the senior and junior categories for the Under-1
The celebration was attended by Johny Nongrum, one of the sports icons of the state as the chief guest and was also witnessed by the District Sports Officer of Ri Bhoi, Bah Bobby. Nongbet, Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Bah MB Tongper, DSP Head Quarter, Bah S. Pasleiñ and other government officials.
Finance Secy- Immediate Nickal 7.
One woman sought the help of the court to recover the illegally abducted husband; However, even after 23 years, she has not received any help from the court.
He said that there are 11 purchase orders worth T.9.3 crore and the contractors of the state have also started their work, but in July 2020 there was a meeting of the Directors. MeECL and decided to terminate the contract.
“What has appeared in the news in the past few months is only the speculation of others and there is no truth, but as MLAs from the Congress we don't want to replace our leader,” he added.
Therefore, the HNYM has warned that if there is any intimidation against the people of the area, it will not be able to use force.
Until the release of the relatives who have not paid money to the kidnappers, police are investigating to find out others involved.
However, despite being beaten by 10 goals, Phlangmawsyrpat did not lose hope and fought hard until they scored 10 goals.
Kshama, who will be born on July 11, 2022, is a graduate student in Sociology and is currently working as a Senior Recruitment Officer in a company.
The movement of all types of vehicles and people in the border areas has been strictly controlled and the movement of people from one district to another except for polling purposes has been banned.
He said that what the government is doing now is specifically for the 4.5 lakh households most of whom are the low income households in the state.
Later, when investigation was conducted, it was found that only the two children were injured in the incident.
“I am pleased to say that the work has started and there are many more to be done,” he said.
There is no hope that we will escape from this 'Dheng City'
The medicine will turn into water without working and the treatment of thousands will be wasted when their sins are turned away.
Replying to a question, the EM of Taxation, Bah Donkupar Sumer, said that as soon as he took over the Taxation Department, he found that there was a shortage of funds of the Council. misuse of funds, but as of now the department will continue to investigate to find out all the facts.
I am sure that these will be more careful in the future.
Here you can learn more about these famous artists and celebrities, and understand what inspired them and made them produce these paintings.
At the same time, it cannot be ignored that in some parts of the State, especially in Pynursla, Shella, Dawki and Nongstoin, vehicles carrying stone and even shyiap have overloaded the goods. and many of them went away without a place to stay.
Shillong: The victory of Bah Balajiedkupar Synrem in the mid-term elections from Shella, has shown that the people respect his father, Dr Donkupar Roy who passed away recently.
Instead of buying half a kilo, they bought only one pound.
On the other hand, he said that not only the village and the BDO's office will take part in the construction of this tourist spot, but he hopes that other government departments will provide the funds. right hand how to decorate this place in a beautiful way because this is one of the nearest tourist attractions compared to other tourist attractions.
On the other hand, the CAG said that the Cabinet Secretary of the Government of India held a video conference on November 14, 2018, together with the Chief Secretary of the Government of Meghalaya and officials of the Government of India. At this meeting, the Cabinet Secretary suggested that the tender called for the SAUBHAGYA scheme should be canceled and the works should be implemented by the Department.
The village, the community, respects and respects him because he is a man who has all the qualities that they respect him.
Babu Kular Khongjirem In this chapter, the teacher urges the readers to be polite and respectful in all these things.
On this occasion, the Khadi & Village Industries Commission, Shillong (Meghalaya) has organized various programmes such as Seminars, Khadi Yatra, Khadi Charchas, Khadi Pledge and Mini-Exhibitions. Khadi Festival.
The public hearing convened by the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) on 19th March failed after the opposition of the civil society and village authorities.
According to a complaint lodged by the mother of Lakmon Talang, on Friday, she said that her son, Kyrshandame Talang, was killed on Friday. , 2024, he was drinking kiad with his friends at a shop in Mosdai village and left the shop alone without telling his friends.
It is the duty of the residents of Nangbah to see that only the BJP can bring about many development projects. for the needs of the people by distributing food items.
“We the students of Himalayan Pharmacy Institute and Sikkim Manipal Institute of Technology also express our gratitude and thanks to the State Government for making it easier for us from Sikkim to provide vehicles from Sikkim to Siliguri. and from Siliguri to Shillong.
Riangdo, Nailar 18: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawshynrut Circle on Tuesday renewed its office bearers for the term 2022-2 The short program was conducted by KSU Mawshynrut Circle and others.
He started planting 25 trees and the area became a home for tigers, elephants, rabbits and goats.
Explain the purpose of the trip on the line above.
Speaking as the chief guest, Nujorki Sungoh encouraged the children not to be hopeless in life even if they come from a poor family. He came from a family that was not of the Syiem or Dolloi clan but it was his deeds that brought him to the rank of Leader of the Khat-ar Dolloi.
According to the Superintendent of Police, Ram Dhar killed Trebor Hinge from Nongbah village on 11th June
“We have all witnessed the impact of the implementation of the Roster until the youth can no longer apply for jobs since the implementation of the Roster of Reservation Policy because many of the jobs have been allocated only for Garo friends. That is why we expect the MLAs from the community to say something on this issue,” he said.
He said that there are events that have come to an end such as earthquake, earthquake, earthquake, groundwater, floods, earthquakes, floods, landslides. and strong winds that have caused the destruction of natural resources.
Joshua 24:15.
"Bah Deng said, 'Why..." said Lano. This conversation affected the feelings of both of them.
A Pick-Up carrying seven people from Mawsynram to Thieddieng, East Khasi Hills District has been found dead on July 13, after searching the village since they did not reach the village.
The Jirang MDC said that the construction of the Assam road at Khanapara is only an attempt to cross the border with Meghalaya and at the same time to take advantage of the road. location, because it is on the border and another is the location closest to the City of Guwahati.
Other speakers on the occasion were BCC President Rikut N Parien, MDC Aiborlang Shadap and others.
The party strongly condemns this statement of Syiem Raid.
When they had lived for a while, they became rich, they got to know people well, they became young and the villagers and there, no one could stop them.
Italy has reported 651 new deaths in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of deaths in the country to and the number of cases has risen to 60,0
Where are the 60 State Leaders we have elected? What is the reason why they have been turning their backs from time to time on the demands of the State Sengbhalang to pass such laws for the benefit of the indigenous people? state.
Kitboklang Kharkongor scored three goals for Pommura SC in the 32nd minute, followed by AndyStar Kharsati in the 53rd and 66th minutes.
Speaking on the grievances of the residents of Mukroh and Barato villages against the Beat Forest employees of the Assam Government and the Assam Police, Bah Sarlangki Dkhar said, “We are deeply saddened. I have experienced these things since I was a child.
The requirements are as follows:
Shillong: Police in South Garo Hills District today arrested three persons and seized pistols.
The members of the committee include MPCC President Vincent H Pala, Working President Deborah Marak, PN Syiem, AT Mondal, RV Lyngdoh, Nehemiah Tyngkan, Wansuk Syiem, Sanjay Das, Charles Marngar, Gabriel Wahlang and Emlang Laloo.
Taking part in the debate on the budget speech of the Chief Minister in the House today, Bah Titos said that these areas are sufficient to get the district based on the size of the district. location, population and other factors.
Shillong, June 18: The President of the CSWO, Agnes Kharshiing, has lodged a complaint against the General Secretary of the CSWO, Christable Wanniang. I'm going to Wahswat.
In the evening, there was a Datlawakor between Langdoh and Sangot Paswet. Langdoh's team won the match which means that the rice will be better in the Wah area this year.
However, after 50 years, when he had stopped thinking about love and was thinking about death, a letter from Marina arrived unexpectedly.
5 G has opened up new opportunities in these industries for startups.
He showed the Whatapp sent to him by his friends and the Whatapp contained a picture of an injured woman whose throat was stabbed and it was written that she had been shot and killed. HDR's Gunda, because she posted on Facebook that her son had raped her.
“We, the seven MLAs of Jaintia Hills, strongly oppose the decision to award the Myntdu Leshka Hydro Electric Project to private companies to distribute electricity including maintenance in Jaintia Hills,” he said. Lachman.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Shillong Mihngi Circle on 3rd July under the leadership of Jimmy Nongdhar, Vice President, in the presence of Celestine Rynghang, Assistant General Secretary, Jeremiah Pohthmi, Education Secretary and Edmund Marboh, Assistant Publicity, KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle has met with Prof. (Dr.) Nalin Mehta, Director of NEIGRIHMS to express the concerns of the patients who come for treatment due to the shortage of doctors and staff at the hospital. They said that the Director has promised to take action and resolve these issues and from now on there will be no such problems.
Furthermore, the agenda aims to showcase the history of the party and its leaders since 1978 and will also highlight the issues that the party has put forward since its inception.
The killing of fellow human beings without the fear of God has become physical and painful.
On the occasion, Bah Nathaniel Thangkhiew-Basan Raid-Sawkur Nongkseh-Hima Mylliem was the Chief Guest who opened the tournament.
Madal said that there are some coal traders who do not have valid challans but the officers of the Directorate of Mineral Resources, Shillong have ordered them to return the old challans instead of just update them.
“We understand that there will be weddings on that day, so we request those who go to the wedding house in the morning, to show a sign by holding balloons in front of the vehicle to recognize and understand,” he said. you are a young man.
Conrad Sangma should know that CUET has been introduced due to the online examinations during the lockdown.
They also demanded that trucks should not be allowed to line up from Sohkha, as it affects the people especially the sick patients who go to CHC Nongtalang and not only that, but the length of the line. local taxis and other public vehicles going to villages like Dawki, Shnongpdeng, Darang, Sohkha, Lamin, Kudeng Myint, Nongtalang and others are very discouraged in coming and going.
Through this match, Mawlai have ended their long winning streak, but remain unscored.
This is a sign of a wild slave, they want to put chips inside our bodies".
She said that she did not want to go to the hospital and the family members were not happy because they changed the injection site and took her to Dr. Norman Tunnel Hospital Jowai.
Speaking to reporters, Hirasing Khongsdam, Interim Secretary of the Village Council, said that Boswell Khongthohrem has been suspended since 31st July 2019 by the Dorbar Shnong. It is surprising to see that Bah Boswell Khongthohrem is still willing to accept himself as the Rangbah Shnong of the village as it has appeared in the media that he is still the Rangbah Shnong.
Hridindu Sankar Roychowdhury, 29, of Madison, was arrested last month from Boston Airport and charged with conspiracy to commit violence.
Meanwhile, in Meghalaya, after 2016, there has been a significant decrease in human trafficking, so this is a sign of good for all of us and I hope that with the cooperation we will be able to eradicate this problem. ," he said.
In a statement issued, the DC said that due to the curfew called by the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF, CSWO, GSU, JSU, KWWDA, ADE, RBYF, AJYWO and others, The Inner Line Permit (ILP), Section 144 Cr Pc.
However, in the Khasi Hills, which has 36 constituencies, it is still fighting for all the candidates.
It is not appropriate to allow any kind of food or beverage without the rules and regulations of the appropriate chemicals.
In the men's category, Namdong SC (A) beat Moosachram Govt.
Speakers on the occasion were Bah A. Sohshang, Rangbah Shnong, Ribanisha Thongni from the Kur, Bah R. Ramsiej, Secretary VEC and Bah Humbleland Hujoon.
“Such a thing is unacceptable in a developed country and it is also a shame that the court has to remind the Central Government agencies like NHAI of its duties and responsibilities.
However, the Minister of Home Affairs declined to comment on whether the incident was related to the border issue or not. nothing without true knowledge".
Sonia Gandhi is a symbol of women's empowerment and a role model for women all over the world.
It is learned that the authorities in charge of the school, including Father Sebastian, Parish Priest Rangblang and Secretary of the school, have asked whether there is anyone else who has been arrested. Kitbok's mother said that she has a son but he teaches school in Phlangdiloin.
Jha alleged in the letter that the Governor's action has put a lot of pressure on the university and thousands of students in various courses through the of the University.
Frank Motors on Tuesday donated 300 rain jackets to the Shillong Traffic Department. Police.
It’s a critical moment to showcase the challenges and also the many opportunities to accelerate climate change mitigation and strategic actions in various regions.
Rakkam said, “We have informed them that we have done the work to resolve these issues.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 150 new cases have been confirmed and 1878 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
Fr Celia also launched the memorial book of the organization.
“It is true that the money sent by the CM has not reached the people, but has been misused by the Congress MLAs. households in all parts of the country and even abroad,” said KJ Alphones.
“We have investigated the three companies that have submitted tenders for the EMRI-108 in Meghalaya,” he said. “We have investigated, Medulance has a black remark. salaries of employees during Covid-1
“Why is he so weak or is he so stupid?” asked his father in a loud voice like a voice speaking to an old rnong.
"We don't trust the investigation of the Magistrates, it has not been changed, but we want a judicial probe," Momin said.
We must remember that it is not the government of some constituencies.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle (KSU) has strongly condemned the Border Guard of Bangladesh (BJU) for allowing the Border Guard troops to enter India without the authority of the Indian government to prevent the residents from repairing the road. Muktapur which happened on the 20th evening of this month.
She said that during the meeting, the KSU has reiterated that it is not satisfied with the confirmation made by the district authorities.
In addition, there are many church groups called Fellowships that sing Hallelujah, Amen during prayer.
“Foreigners who stay in the country even after their visas have expired will be prosecuted for crimes against the country and steps should be taken against them. to repatriate them to their country of origin," the Minister said in an interview with government officials of the department.
It should not be forgotten that two foreign MDCs won from Laban and Laitumkhrah constituencies in
Speaking to reporters on 27th June, Bah Tynsong said, “There is a law.
In a meeting with the CEM on the 27th of this month, the SNSBH is pleased to receive the Notification NO.DC.XXVII/Genl/89/2015/7 issued by the KHADC empowering the Dorbar Shnongs to continue their usual activities.
Therefore, the union urges the relevant department to immediately repair this road.
When asked whether her appearance to contest the election will lead to the division of the HSPDP in Nongstoiñ, she said, “There is already a division and the sign of division has increased, but we will wait. a few days for us to see a clear sign" she said.
The Government should talk to the AAI authorities and drop this road outside the AAI boundary and not inside it because it is impossible to know whether in the future there will be more problems for the AAI. walk and stop the cars, he said.
The Organizing Committee has also requested all the vehicles to attend the procession not to block the road but to walk only in the line they should walk, so that it will not disturb the brothers and sisters. KJP Synod Western Synod Women's Service to be held at Mawliehdeiñ Presbyterian Church.
Agriculture Development Officer (ADO) S Syngkon gave various trainings for the benefit of the farmers and to protect the crops.
Relations between the two Koreas have deteriorated sharply in recent days, with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un ordering officials in charge of the country's nuclear sector and to produce more such nuclear weapons for the preparation of the country to fight against any future challenges.
However, in addition to the hafta which he has already paid, they are still demanding a donation.
According to the CAG report, in the four years from 2002 to 2005, the company had to pay T.54.08 crore under the agreement with the Meghalaya government.
When asked by Bah Curtis to submit to him all the copies of the work orders of the MDC Scheme for the year 2019-2020, he said that no scheme has been implemented yet. for the year 2019-2
“Ale noh kata...” Deisy called. “Ia noh...” Riia said.
The villagers of Nongtalang will ask the government authorities to meet with them to discuss the issue, as those who oppose the way bridge say that if it should be done, it should be done together. all not just in one place.
According to Bah Sanbor, as the decision to withdraw the support from the MDA government is the decision of the higher authorities in Delhi, there is no point in continuing to discuss the issue. role.
We will not complain to the police,” said the Nihangs.
According to the elders, at least four or five trees have been cut down and thyllem, shu antad If in one year there are up to 10 deaths in one village, up to 40 trees will have to be cut down, imagine if in one year in each village of the state the trees will be destroyed. thousands, thousands, how shall be the wind that we breathe, how shall be our city, how shall be our mountains and rivers? This is a question mark that we as the heritage of this age should think and ask carefully.
Let's talk about Christmas because not only Christians celebrate it, but the New Year is celebrated by the whole world.
The exercise was led by Rear Admiral Mike Utley CB OBE, Commander of the UK Strike Force, who is currently Commander of the NATO Maritime Component.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the Meghalaya government will continue to maintain its vigilance as the state is still accepting foreigners.
Meghalaya has experienced many minor and strong earthquakes as well.
To date, 218 villages have received roads from the PMGSY with a length of 687 km.
God says – let not the wise man glory in his wisdom, neither let the mighty man glory in his might, neither let the rich man glory in his riches.
In order to prevent them from being cleaned up that they have not received a copy of the order, they should post the notices on the walls and print them to ensure that the copies have reached them.
Shillong: The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, has invited all the Chiefs of Mylliem Hima from Raid Syiems, Rangbah Shnongs to attend the meeting. The KHADC has convened on the 3rd of this month at Madan Student.
Besides these four houses which have already been built by the Urban Development Department, there are five others which have been abandoned and erected only païa and slep without being able to dig or complete.
I wonder whether this eit cow was obtained from cows imported from India or from Yankee cows,” said Samar Halarnkar.
Chelsea won 2-1 with Pedro scoring in the 17th minute and Eden Hazard in the 33rd minute. Solomon March in the 66th minute.
She also demanded that Dr Mukul Sangma should pay the compensation of Rs 20 crore within seven days of receiving the notice.
Shillong, Iaiong 28: A fire has started in Upper Shillong, this morning at 10 pm and within 10 hours of rain, a fire has started in Upper Shillong. Shillong has been around for tens of thousands of years.
“Recently, the protest of the day laborers who expressed their demand for appointment as full time employees was criticized by the Vice Chancellor of NEHU and his supporters.
The vacant land will be used for the construction of public places such as restaurants, parking lots and other facilities which can be used by the villagers and visitors.
Before the start of the demarcation, a short meeting was held led by Bah Relestar Lyngdoh Mawlot to discuss what should be done and followed in connection with this day.
This disease is caused by the H1N1 virus.
Shillong: U Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition, has denied reports that he will join the BJP. When PA Sangma left the Congress party, he did not leave at that time.
PS Lyngdoh said that some of the leaders or MLAs in Khasi Hills have expressed their willingness to support the Reservation Policy.
Through these laws, the rights of the residents who live and earn their living from agriculture and livestock have been violated.
Besides expressing their anger towards Assam, the KSU and Rangbah Shnong Union have also expressed their anger against Assam, because every time the Meghalaya government tries to deliver the development schemes to these border villages, but people from the Assam government come to harass and do not allow these villages to receive development schemes from the Meghalaya government.
Bah A Shanpru, Head of Sohiong Police Outpost, said that there is a law against child marriage.
Shillong, March 20: Police have found that there was a Diwali robbery at the PWD office in Barik last night and another robbery at the Shillong Club. .
In 2001, the park was handed over to the Forest & Environment Department. The Forest Department is responsible only for the cleaning of the park and the flowers, while the park and the food shop are responsible for the cleaning. It is painted by the Tourism Development Corporation.
The first part of the briefing was conducted by Renewbiang Dkhar, Member of KASSJ, and a detailed explanation was given by Dr.DRL Nonglait. , President of KAS Shillong on the topic “The Contribution of Thomas Jones to Literature” and took part in the discussion.
The meeting was held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong in the presence of the Chief Minister, Bah DP Wahlang, IAS, Chief Secretary, Lieutenant General Sanjay Malik, Air Marshal Tejinder Singh and others. other government officials from the civil and military sectors.
Not only that, these trucks carrying stone, coal to Bangladesh, heavy machinery, jcb and others, have been parked at the parking lots and these are those who have taken loans from banks and these are What will you pay after this month? These are a few examples, which we can discuss, but there are many other problems, which the local workers, from the small shopkeeper to the big trader, will suffer greatly. from now on, if the Government of India does not think seriously to improve the economy.
He also urged the children to have a purpose in life and to work hard.
The ASHAs have announced the strike today after the government has not listened to their demands.
Rheumatic fever and other infectious diseases are most common during the rainy season.
To further explain, even the name of the clan comes from the word Nong as Nongrum, Nongneng and Rumnong.
The common principle of all parties is how to get a seat in the Secretariat and to run the rule of law and not to serve the people.
The HNLC said that it does not harass or harass the Garo people on the border with the Khasi Hills.
If these lights had not come, darkness would still have covered our beloved Khasi (Hynniewtrep) land.
The JSU said that the government has not been able to implement the demand of the JSU for four months.
If the people who are called by my name (in the name of Jesus), humble themselves and pray and seek my face, turn from their wicked ways then I will hear from heaven, I will forgive their sins I will heal their land.—2 Chronicles 7:1
Shillong: The Meghalaya government has filed an appeal in the Supreme Court through Avijit Mani Tripathi against the decision of the National Green Tribunal on 31st July
It is learned that some of them do not know anything even though they have received a certificate of completion of their studies.
He brought a gift.
In Asansol, West Bengal, BJP members have protested against Chinese President Xi Jinping over the recent shooting in Ladakh. They burned a portrait of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.
Nongpoh, Lber 18: The M/S NES Jorobat, one of the most prominent petrol stations of the Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL) in the North East, on Sunday celebrated its 100th anniversary. years of service in the supply of fuel to the people in Meghalaya-Assam and the North Eastern States of India.
About 300 former AASU supporters joined the BJP today at a large membership program held at Vajpayee Bhawan, Guwahati.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Khliehriat Circle on Saturday closed down the quarry of GR Infra Projects Ltd at Mynkre village, East Jaintia Hills District. dirty smoke as well as dust that has been scattered around which can affect the health and environment.
It also decided to extend the retirement age of those who appoint contractors to 10 years for the Officer on Special (OSD) at Meghalaya House, Guwahati.
Now, the people are better than the candidates because they have experienced and received training in every election for many years.
He said that all these are illegal activities by the rawon who used to go to the river to carry kyiad and after drinking, the bottles of kyiad were broken without being found.
In the women's double, Ribhalang Passah and Josefina Dala Passah won by 21/18, 18/21 and 21/17 respectively.
Maitshaphrang Mowtyrshiah beat Nonglatem 3-1 in the first quarter final of the tournament on Saturday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
He understands that private work is very difficult because you don't get leave.
Graham has been one of the most prominent Christian preachers since 1954 when he began his ministry in London.
Rymbai was arrested on 25th July by the CID on charges of involvement in a land grabbing in Mawpalai, Ri-Bhoi District.
The cost of the Jal Jeevan Mission is T 3600 billion (US $ 43.80 billion) which is one of the largest welfare activities in the world.
The BSF had earlier seized the motorcycle while it was being transported by vehicles and this time, they were traveling by one road, using a boat, the report said.
Robertjune said this is a long standing issue and the party expects the MDA-I government to complete it.
He was also a government minister.
The robbers, dressed as Federal Police officers, drove straight to the airport in Guarulhos on Friday in an SUV and ordered the airport staff to load the they gave gold to the truck nearby.
He said that the government has been acting lyndet from the first day of the appointment of the HLC. Regarding the government's intention to relocate, when asked whether they are ready to accept this, the HLC said. “When we sit down to discuss at the table, we will take this and if the land that the government will keep is sufficient, they are ready to accept it.
The CMT is one of the most special and important awards especially for country singers.
This is also one of the issues that was passed by the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya in 2018, but is still pending with the Government of India.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Osas Thangkhiew, Minister of Hima Jirang, said that the main purpose of the festival is to preserve the customs and traditions of the Hima. but due to the absence of such festivals, many people in the Hima have not been able to express their customs and traditions.
Those villages which fall under Meghalaya and those which fall under Assam are still in darkness.
The Environment Coordination Committee (ECC) of Sutnga District has demanded that the district administration should immediately close down all the illegal coal mining factories in East Jaintia Hills. The announcement on 15th November that factories which have not yet received the Consent to Operate (CTO) certificate cannot start operating factories or producing coal in the district.
“If there is no justice among us, if the political parties don't work right, if the church leaders don't work right, the businessmen don't work right, our country can't reach anywhere, so we must stick to that. foundation," said Mr. Ardent.
He said that he left the NPP for personal reasons and he has nothing to say against the party. , is due to his dissatisfaction with the working methods of the party, in which he has been excluded from participating in any party activities.
Shillong: The Selection Test for the Private Matriculation Students will be held on the 17th of July,
Ardent also alleged that all these activities came and were conducted from Delhi, which the VPP does not accept because Meghalaya is not a Hindi-speaking state.
Nongstoin, Nailar 28: Police in West Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday evening, have rescued a 5-year-old boy who went missing from his home. after you have been kidnapped by your father.
The Dawki Land Port is a major project of the Government of India aimed at promoting trade between India and Bangladesh.
It is a hidden plan of the BJP government in Delhi to appoint a Governor as a central political agent who does not speak English in the Christian Majority States in the tribal areas. Meghalaya so that Hinduism can work gradually in such states.
Ratacherra SC beat Umrasiang Utd 1-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
There would be no point in widening the roads outside the city if the roads inside the city were small and narrow.
Although there has been a suffering from the increase in the price of jhur, the price increase has reached 400 tyngka per kilo.
Thirty-seven cheques, Yess-17, 10 Self-Help Groups (SHGs) and Green Meghalaya-10 were also distributed during the programme. YESS programme, and T.66,00,000 to SHGs and T.54,09,058 to PES groups. St. Paul's Higher Secondary School Marbisu has elected its new Adhoc Body on 7th November 2023 at the hall of St. Paul's Higher Secondary School Marbisu. Chwa Sumer as U General Secretary.
And many times this has happened, the Assamia and other invading forces will no longer be able to invade our path.
The statement by Minister HDR Lyngdoh that the Governor or the Government has to seek permission to pass a District Council Act and cannot set up a Commission is misleading to the people and the District Council. said Mr. Bindo.
If the world makes right hand drive cars but the Americans make left hand drive cars.
The Dorbar Shnong Diengshynrum has decided to allow only 15 small vehicles to come to the square to conduct the election campaign of the candidate contesting the Assembly elections.
After giving a sign to the vehicle to stop, the driver drove away and the three BSF personnel took steps to prevent the vehicle from fleeing.
He said the recent incident was the kidnapping of four traders from Amal Aseng and the death of illegal immigrants.
Prestone's remarks came after the AITC alleged that the NPP and its allies have tried to get the AITC MLAs. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Tynsong.
“While the government is considering these demands, the FASTOM teachers should put their trust in the government to fulfill their duty.
Tura: Two young women have drowned outside Tura in a tragic incident.
For example it was said that one person where her name was hidden and labeled Angel when she got a job in the UK through her assistants, realized that they had the opportunity to im living a good life.
On the same day, the Congress Rangshken Area awarded prizes to the students of the area who have passed well in 2017 in various grades ranging from SSCL, HSSLC, Degree, Master Degree and others.
Speaking at a meeting with members of the Sohra District Demand Forum (SDDF) and the Chief Executive Members of Shella and Sohra, the Chief Minister said, “Please don't misunderstand and I would like to inform you that there is no doubt. He said that the government has decided that the new headquarters of the district will be located in Sohra. the Headquarters of this new District.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah David Kharsati, Agent Kurkalang, Bah D. Majaw and Bah J. Nongtri. The meeting was conducted by Bah Bashai Lang Khongwir. He is the State Vice-President and in charge of Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, November 16: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday said that the Council will pass laws for the protection of wildlife and the environment.
However, the department has now started to change its working methods for the benefit of the public.
The Governor can ask questions from the government on this Bill which affects the MLAs/MDCs,” said the CEM of KHADC. “I will confirm within the next few days,” he said.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today met with the SDO (Civil) Sohra to demand that the office should investigate foreigners in the markets like Majai, Ichamati, Beltoli and Mawlong. The party has received information that there are many new faces of foreigners, who have arrived in these areas.
Teiborlang Kharbangor, who is currently undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital Shillong, said that the incident happened in the middle of the night in Jatah village after they returned from a trip to Syntung.
Shillong: There have been 79 new cases of corona virus in the state today, of which 52 cases are from East Khasi Hills and 41 cases are from civilians.
He also urged the CEOs to implement SVEEP practices to have a closer relationship with the voters.
He said that as an example, the old saying is 'Naikhatsaw synnia' if asked or sent to explain the meaning, there may be many who can explain it.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad Sangma said that there are many commodities such as coal, coal and stone that can be exported to Bangladesh.
This shad ka kmen is a memorial and offering of the Khun-Khasi Khara once a year to God the Creator to maintain the rights and customs in which the participation of male and female dancers. from all over the place.
The theme of WED this year is “Only one Earth”.
The NIA arrested Swamy on March 8, 2020 in connection with the Bhima-Koregaon case.
Shortly after, the family members were informed that about three fishermen from Nongla village, whose bodies were found at the foot of Wah Umrew, at a place known as 'Diengbai' The body belonged to 8-year-old Skhembor Syngai, son of Maskel Riahtam.
He said that the state government has set a target of setting up 44,000 SHGs in the state next year.
RTI seeker Disparsing Rani said that many of the projects of the Smart City Project have not yet been implemented. The Shillong Smart City Project has received Rs 638.78 crore for the implementation of 11 projects and the progress of these projects has reached 31.20%. 245 crore tyngka has been released but no signs of implementation have been seen.
I have also decided that if I get the corona virus, I will go straight to meet Mamata Banerjee.
According to sources, the incident happened at about 4 pm and caused serious damage in the area.
KP Pangniang EM of the Elaka said that after receiving a complaint from the HYC, the Council has summoned Billu Singh who does not claim to be the Rangbah Shnong of these Harijans. It was illegally operated, because as it is the law (foreigners cannot be Rangbah Shnong.
Earlier on the same day, Malvika Bansod qualified for the singles tournament after defeating USA's Lauren Lam by 21 points. 17, 21-7 in the program of the qualifying round.
The five MLAs who became MDCs at the same time are Sanbor Shullai of the NCP, Metbah Lyngdoh of the UDP, Brolding Nongsiej of the UDP, KP Pangniang of the HSPDP, Ardent M Basaiawmoit of the HSPDP and HDR. Congress Leader, Pynshngain N Syiem and Stephan Mukhim.
Nongpoh: As part of the preparations for the G-20 meeting, which will be held on the 17th and 18th of this month, the leaders of Nongpoh Town The NTC in collaboration with the National Highway Authority of India (NTC) has conducted a clean-up of garbage and plastic along the NH-6 in Nongpoh Town.
However, the UDP is now in the Opposition in KHADC, even if it cooperates with the NPP in the MDA-II Government in the NPP-led State. The EC in KHADC should have 11 members including the CEM. The NPP and Congress have now divided the posts between the MDCs, with the NPP holding the post of CEM and Chairman. , has also appointed 8 Executive Members (EMs).
The Deputy Commissioner's schedule has been to restrict the documents of those who apply for Scheduled Tribe certificates once it is understood that the applicants are descended from their father,” said the President of SRT, Bah Teibor. Khongjee.
At the time of writing, the situation has calmed down and police from both Assam and Meghalaya have stopped the clashes.
Bah Kyrmen gave the damage from different districts but many of them are still waiting for the report as it has not been collected yet.
However, there are always conflicts between the residents of the valley and those of the hill areas.
Nongstoiñ, July 25: The Election Branch of the Deputy Commissioner's Office, West Khasi Hills District, today celebrated the National Voters Day. on the topic, 'There is no other way but to vote, I will vote.
Ïewduh scored two goals in the first half and one goal in the second half, while Nongrim Hills scored one goal in the second half.
Before the Meghalaya State, the Assam government recognized the Jaintia as a different ethnic group.
It is impossible to say that we have improved in all aspects from sports, health centres, roads, highways, but we are still falling to the other side that we don't have the spirit of fighting for the country and the Nation, the President.
He said that the number of voters has increased by 55971 this year from 2023-2
“Now is the time for the people of Nongstoiñ to elect new leaders and not to renew the same one,” said Bah James.
By Bah Philip Marwein Nongkhnum is the largest and most beautiful village in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Lber, 26: Three candidates for the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong seat have filed their nomination papers on Tuesday.
It is learned that although both the rickshaw drivers speak English, there is an attempt to force the rickshaw driver to speak Hindi.
“This is a golden opportunity for Bah Kimfa to win once again, but if he contests from the NPP it will be difficult for him to win, because many are not happy.
On this basis, the Raid Nongpoh today for the first time took the initiative to support the needs of the school by donating T.15,000 to the school. school so that the school authorities can use it for various purposes within the school.
Meanwhile, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawkyrwat Circle in its short program to welcome the youths who returned to the village with awards, They were expressed and welcomed that their performance has been a pride for the entire community.
Shillong, June 20: The Meghalaya High Court has directed the State Government and the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) to take immediate action to address the problems of garbage collection in Jowai. there is no spread of disease.
“This former MLA was abducted on the India-Myanmar border and shot dead by insurgents.
Salahuddin was brought before the Chief Justice Magistrate (CJM) KML Nongbri today for further investigation.
Pyniaid said that Mawshbuit village was born first and the army came later and their ability to build the gate may have been through the unity of the village leaders in the past. He said that the authority of the army to build the gate is also without evidence or documents.
All the Dorbar Chnongs who participated in the New Year celebration at Stand Nangbah, Iawmusiang, Jowai will be welcomed to receive their mementos and then go to their respective villages.
Bah Metbah said that the creation of the new districts is with the aim of bringing Khadar rule closer to the people and expressed the hope to see the promotion of various offices. who will be in the district in the coming times and years.
Shillong, Naitung 16 : The number of new cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to 35 on Saturday alone. to have up to 182 members.
He made this public statement on Friday last month during a meeting with his supporters in Riangdo.
The numbers we have shown in the last 5 years point to that," he said.
They applied for bail but only the Court can grant bail but not the Government.
The roads most affected by the landslide are Amlarem, Dawki and Moosyiem Shangpung villages in West Jaintia Hills District.
Thousands of children from the Raid Nongblai waited from the streets with ksing and dhah to welcome the Syiem and the Basan Raid Mawlieh including Minister W.Nongrum and Lyngdoh Khynnah Bah RF Lyngdoh.
Including the land rent, the project has cost Rs 1377.5 crore.
He gave the example of Orissa where thousands of people have lost their lives in the earthquake to prevent such an incident.
“Cow farmers can now get loans from banks at the rate of Rs 3 lakh, as banks have opened a special opportunity for them,” he said.
He also alleged that the illegal trade in coal is the knowledge of the Prime Minister, together with the Advisors, the Minister of Transports formerly held by Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar and now Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare.
Therefore, the Notifications 1955, 1957 and also in accordance with the Joint Ground Demarcations of the two District Councils of United Cachar Mikirs Hills and United Khasi Jaintia Hills in 1958 which have been accepted and approved to re-transfer Block-1 11 from United Cachar Mikirs Hills to United Khasi Hills.
Ayushman Rabha took four wickets in eight overs to lead SCA-A to beat EGH for 79 runs in 28.2 overs.
Television actress Shweta Tiwari has been criticized on social media for her speech in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh.
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister YS Jagan Mohan Reddy on Friday directed the relevant authorities to prepare the implementation process for the construction of houses and hand over them to those who have been affected. after the distribution of the dulir to the poor people who deserve assistance in the Amaravati area.
Hooid in the city the money may not work very well but in the rural areas it is understood that the money works well because the candidates who are fighting themselves have said that in this age if there is no money It is better not to contest the election because when there is no education to the people, the people are waiting.
He said that the most important thing is not how many crores of rupees was damaged but the biggest cost is the pain and sorrow over this incident to remember the house that was left by his beloved father.
The truth is between these two warring factions.
On the other hand, the vehicles of the Umiam Fire Brigade have rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire from other shops in the area. the investigation into the incident.
As part of this programme, the registration of children under five years of age, the use of biometrics is not required for children under five years of age, children without birth certificate. They can get their Aadhaars through this programme.
Even when death happens, there are no more friends, mourners, who come to sympathize and comfort the bereaved families, but they are left behind.
As a young man who has completed his studies, he has already translated six books from English into Khasi including 'Ka Bor Bakhraw ha ka' The name of 'JESUS', 'The Religious Marriage', 'St. John Bosco', 'St. Clara, 'St. Elias Kuriakose Chavara' and the Book entitled, 'St. Alphonsa '.
“What is needed is that we have to use modern equipment to clean up the waste and the management system to clean up the waste.
Shillong, November, 07: The State Government has seized the bank accounts of Bah GK Ïangrai, Head of Police, who was arrested on charges of embezzlement of funds allocated for the construction of the NERS PSAP at Sadar Police Station Complex, Shillong.
To confirm the allegation, the FPWD has also submitted videos of Bah Kharjana's speech at a meeting held in Sohiong recently.
Shillong, July 04: It is sad to see that the BJP in Meghalaya is fighting hard to bury the anti-Christian violence of the Sangh Parivaar across India just to cover up the elections. the Assembly of Meghalaya.
These include PWD, PHE, Power, Industries and Commerce, Art and Culture and other departments.
Robertjune said the HYC will work closely with the CoMSO to ensure that the State gets the ILP and the MRSSA (Amendment Bill) 2020 and also to oppose the CAA.” The HYC will also ensure that the amendment of the Sixth Schedule through the 125th Amendment Bill of the Constitution of India will not affect the Hynniewtrep people,” said Robertjune.
All the speakers who took part in the public hearing, which lasted for about two hours, were seen carrying placards and slogans strongly opposed to the government's plan.
How can I share with you?
The union demands that the state government and the Social Welfare Department should remove the CDPO from the district within 10 months.
These two groups above, are the ones who always use these words – “For the country and the nation” – They often misused these words for personal gain. of them (selfish interests).
Tia Chaphrang HSS, Sohkymphor in collaboration with the Range Forest Officer, Khliehriat Range, East Jaintia Hills has celebrated Earth Day on the 22nd of this month by planting trees.
Shillong, Nailar, 07: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on Tuesday urged the Police Department not to allow the robbers to disrupt the peace and order in the state.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the mothers who took part in the protest said that they receive only 33 tyngka per day as the government pays only 1000 tyngka per month.
Deputy Commissioner BS Sohliya, Additional Deputy Commissioners MA Challam, EL Warjri and HML Kynta and Extra Assistant Commissioners S. Phanbuh and Wankharw K Kharbuli attended the meeting.
Hundreds of students from different schools of Eastern Ri-Bhoi School came to take part in the programme. higher education and also to encourage the youth not to rely only on government jobs but to learn to start their own businesses.
Sumer said that last night, there was a meeting of the UDP MDCs and at that meeting they were only among themselves, not other party leaders.
“Tomorrow, the talks will start with the ILP,” said Bah Kharshanlor.
“We will not allow the authorities and the illegal infiltration of foreigners to make us more and more small,” he said.
In a statement, IGP GHP Raju said that the incumbent DGP Mehta has directed all the Superintendents of Police (SP) in the state to conduct the checking of SIM cards. You cannot sell your SIM card without a license.
There are some of us who are responsible for investigating these misuse of funds by some in the government.
The time has come to send compensation to the government if it happens that the vehicles, trucks or any other type of vehicles are damaged.
Reverend Wilson Joseph, President of Calvary Ashram Seva Sangh, who has worked in Uttar Pradesh since 1992 and has been in Greater Noida for 12 years, said, “I have never seen such a thing. he is a nation.
He said that English or Khasi language is not accepted when admitting MBBS or Engineering after passing Class XII. Physics, Chemistry and Biology (PCB), and to study MBBS, they take the subjects Physics, Chemistry and Biology (PCB).
Akhtar Shabong, Vice President of the Seng Bhalang Islam, Shillong, said that there is no problem for Muslims to do so. spouses which means one person can hold four certificates.
Today, eight members of the Rajya Sabha were opposed all night until dawn and sat in front of Parliament; The Deputy Chairman of the Rajya Sabha has started his hunger strike and will continue till tomorrow morning. Sharad Pawar has been followed by the hunger strike from today until tomorrow morning.
It is also interesting to know that their demand was supported by the NGOs of Ri Lum Garo, namely, GSMC, GSU, FKJGP and TGCSU. The A'chik Holistic Awakening Movement (AHAM) has already reminded Conrad, who is the Chief Minister of the state, on this issue.
According to police officials, Manish allegedly planned to send the weapons to a robber named Jaggu Bhagwanpuria of Punjab.
In the Shillong Zone match held at the MFA Shillong, Langsning beat Seng Samla Laitryngew 11 goals to
Many jhur can be cultivated in a year.
“It really has that wonderful taste that is as sweet as jhur jyrngam, and it's a good medicine,” Snyder said.
This came to light after Meghalaya took part in the three-day International Conference on Rural Sanitation held in Jaipur.
He said the Opposition will monitor the case and will not rest until all those involved in the case are arrested and will ensure that they do not escape safely.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 07: To showcase the talents of farmers and their children in the field of football, Abani, a voluntary group to support farmers and in collaboration with the Red Horns Division, FOCUS, Infinite Solutions and Out There Public Engagement have organized the Farmers' World Cup 2022 at Marngar village since 30th October. The winners of the tournament will also be awarded prizes.
To a man whom others have hated, nature has mercy on him.
Ms Dayoophi said that many women have expressed their concern about the government's actions to ensure their rights.
The Union also requests the Sports Secretaries, Waheh Shnongs and Secretary Shnongs to take action to inform the Dorbar Shnongs who are in these positions as mentioned above.
The BJP also said that India is a country blessed with abundant natural resources but in recent years, under the leadership of the Congress, the wealth has reached only a few. people until the last five decades, the country was placed in poverty.
The name of the youth was withheld as he said he would change his mind and would not drink again.
(5) Since we got our own state, we don't have a State University, Medical College etc. (6) (7) Up to 70% of our state is poor. What is the lack of roads, health facilities, educational institutions etc. which causes the youth to migrate to the city and other places for education and employment.
Police received a tip that there was Ganja inside the vehicle for transportation to Jowai and when it reached Ummulong they seized the vehicle and conducted a search. Police have seized 14 song of Ganja which has been sold in calendars.
Therefore, through the Diwon Hand Loom Cotton Khadi and Village Industrial Co-operative Society, we are very fortunate to have launched this Explore Exotic Meghalaya. empowering the villagers.
The book of Exodus contains a powerful and great message not only for individual lives, but especially for national groups or groups of people who are going through the fiery furnace of persecution.
“If the department is able to work during the day, the traffic has to be stopped.
“It has been five days since the fast of this man on the issues of the country and the nation as a whole.
It is impossible to say that the criticism and accusations against any party in the government have been happening almost every three years especially before the MLA elections as happened to the MUA II government. The Congress led by Dr Mukul Sangma in 2018 and the same is true of the MDA government led by the NPP led by Conrad K. Sangma.
He said that only the Congress party which has been around for 138 years has given peace to all the citizens of the country, because it does not have a special religion for anyone and everyone can worship freely in their faith.
In the years that followed and especially after the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly passed the resolution and sent it to the Central Government, many other groups and parties also took steps to raise the demand.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah GK Iangrai, Assistant Inspector General of Police, said that the residents of the area have joined hands with the police in this investigation and bring peace in the area. place of worship of their blei.
He said that at present there are about 2.5 lakh drug addicts which means that about 7.65% of the residents are addicted to drugs.
These papers have explained in detail about governance and development, including mining, forests and environment, employment, water supply, education, roads. roads, health and others.
Rajnath Singh has discussed the issue with the Bangladesh government and said that they intend to strengthen the border to prevent illegal immigrants.
However, until now, the area of ​​Khyndailad has remained the source of rainfall for the city and especially for our small Khasi community.
At the same time, the residents along the Rilang and Umngi rivers and other areas affected by the landslide are requested to be vigilant and thoughtful to avoid any tragic incident.
In a statement, the union said that at present, the residents of the village are in dire need of this ATM machine to provide convenience to the residents of the village according to the passage of time.
NOT KNOWING WHEN THE COURSE WILL END:— It often happens that you have prepared for months for online courses but you don't know when they will end and this is a real problem when you don't know exactly.
“In the history of the state, no Prime Minister or Government has ever dared to say that Block 1 and Block 2 belong to Assam,” he said. The incumbent Chief Minister of the state who has always said that Block 1 and 2 belong to Assam and it is up to you to decide and think,” he said.
So far, there are about 4 or 5 candidates for tickets and these include Dr. Eureka Lyngdoh, Councilor Wahlang, son of Kitdor Syiem, Lawan Pynshngaiñ War. He said that there is Boldness Nongum and Lambok Nongrang, who lost by 70 votes in the mid-term MDC election.
Other important issues include the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit to curb the illegal entry of foreigners, the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India, and so on. to resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Shillong: U Tennydard M Marak, has filed a complaint against the Meghalaya government in the Meghalaya High Court, regarding the overloading of vehicles on the main roads of the state.
“The government has ordered all the departments to follow its orders exactly in this regard,” he said.
Skendrowell, when he read the article, said, “I have never found anywhere like you to give a song”.
Shillong: A woman from Pynter Village, Shillong, has been drowned this morning.
MeSCMA would also like to thank the Principals of the schools where the children attend, the parents and also the volunteers who have always been there to help. lem to the union.
Drink after exercise : Um klong is a drink you can also drink after exercise.
She said that the inquiry will take about two or three days and once the report is received, the department will release the information to the media.
Shillong : U Bah Welbirth Rani, former President and Chairman of the FKJGP Meghalaya Chapter, has donated Rs 2 lakh on the closing day of the final of the Football Tournament. The Tyrsad Area Sport Association (TASA) has been organizing the tournament since April and closed its doors last month.
In Jesus the Law is this:.
Waladmiki Shylla, Legislator of Jowai, was the chief guest in the presence of Richard B. Uriah, Principal of North Liberty Higher Secondary School. , Octomewot Lamin.
Nongstoiñ: The Nongstoin District Sports Association (NDSA) Super Division Football Tournament has reached another knock out stage. The division has reached the final.
They requested the CEM to stop the auction of the river and to hand it over to them to maintain and maintain the river to protect the dohum dohpnat in the river, but the CEM has not given any promise. The union leaders to discuss this issue with the members of the executive committee.
Regarding the threat of some Hindu organizations such as Surakshya to remove the images of Mary, Jesus and Christian schools, the ACF leaders have expressed their doubts. Regarding the threat to expel them from schools, some of them demanded that Hindu rituals should be held in these schools.
The Word of God tells us Deut 1:454, “And ye returned and wept before the LORD; but the LORD would not hearken unto your cry, neither would he give ear unto you”.
This provision of the NEP should be followed by both public and private schools.
Dr. Helen Giri, one of the women who loves and cares about the preservation of traditional music and culture, said that if the government issues an order that all schools and educational institutions they should have their own teachers of traditional music, the need can be met for now.
Shiphang said that after receiving information that he was in Lummawpat, they also rushed to the forest to search for him. Later, they received information that he was in Par shyiap. They searched for him , then they said he was in Nongrah forest and they couldn't find him there either . Later they got information that he was in the Golflink area They shouted 'Bahnah-bahnah' and almost immediately they heard a loud voice saying 'Oi' from a forest near PTS Golflink which is located where children used to play. He was playing cricket, and the sound disappeared and at that time the searchers found him at 12:30 pm from the place and immediately put him in a car and took him away. go to the hospital.
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnong of Lapangap, Bah Deimonmi Lyngdoh, said that the Dorbar Shnong has decided not to allow the district authorities to cut down the trees as Lum Moo Pyrdet Pynthor is still under the jurisdiction of the Lapangap. the border of the land.
James Sangma said those who apply for license have to submit their full names, residential proof and other necessary documents to the office of the Deputy Commissioner. you must have the right evidence.
Regarding the expenditure, Bah Finely said that it has already been sent to the Government, especially the travel expenses as this time you will have to travel by plane, and in total, the total expenditure will not be less. to T.45 lakh.
This place is truly amazing and beautiful for the tourists who come to see the uniqueness of this place.
When Isaac became a young man, God wanted to test Abraham's faith and see his worship of God by asking Abraham to sacrifice Isaac on the altar.
“These new buses will be handed over to private companies as they have done, and we hope that after the people have experienced the operation of these buses in the past years, they will “It's not like I'm going to be able to drive the buses,” she said.
I have spoken, and I will do it.
Hypothyroidism or hyperthyroidism is also a cause of goitre, which can lead to decreased appetite, fatigue, depression and insomnia.
Speaking to media, NPYF President Kitborlang Nongrem said, “We have seen the statement of Dr. Mukul Sangma against our Prime Minister (Conrad Sangma), that he is always obedient to those who which works.
The last date of submission of application is:- Not less than 45 years of age as on 01-01-2
Any party in the central government has given special protection to the minorities in the North East, as in the North East of India there are many ethnic groups who speak their own language. those of words.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday slammed the opposition party (VPP) for alleging that the party is Team C of the BJP. In a statement, NPP spokesperson Himalaya Shangpliang said that these allegations against the BJP are merely speculation without facts.
I'm going to give you a dream, I'm going to go to the light! The field will be covered with gold. The light will shine on my heart. ryndang you're right! Don't continue.
L.Lamin, District Transport Officer, East Khasi Hills District was the chief guest and launched the flag of the organization. Such a festival has been held again after two years of the outbreak of Covid-1
He said that these people have threatened to take stronger action if he continues to harass the Khasi living in the area.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that as the government, they have a goal to have an annual calendar but due to the outbreak of COVID-19, they have started again from this year. not finished.
The damage to the house has been estimated at T.2 lakh.
Bashisha Massar Principal of the school said that the program has brought joy to many of the students of the school after they have been able to take part in various programs throughout the day. children's thinking in addition to the reading they spend in the classroom.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, today visited the Marngar PHC, a health center which provides health care to the people of 52 villages in the area. He praised the staff of the PHC, after finding that the services provided by the staff of the PHC are very different compared to other PHCs in the state.
Police have arrested Walphang Sun (45) after receiving a complaint on charges of rape in the forest near NEHU. little children.
In his speech, the MLA said that in the last 5 or 10 years, what he is happy about is that the people today know how to promote tourism, but in the The Jaintia Hills area, although they are beautiful places, but they are the lands of the Kurs, Zamindars and personal property, so it is a problem for tourism. it will execute according to its wishes.
Ban said that earlier in the Congress-led EC, many foreigners had received labor licenses, but now in his view, it will not be issued.
Khliehriat : The East Jaintia Hills District Police Station, East Jaintia Hills District, has issued a notice to all the public, regarding the traffic rules and parking spaces in Khliehriat and surrounding areas. The counting of votes for the Legislative Assembly Election 2023 will be held at the office of the Deputy Commissioner in Khliehriat on the 2nd of October.
Dr. Mukul Sangma and his MLA colleagues, who have decided to leave the Congress, have now expired their term of office if the Speaker of the Assembly announces , without trial, because their actions and public announcements that they met with the Speaker on this matter, it was clear and sufficient to dismiss them summarily, without trial according to the law.
Shillong: U Paiasesful Pachiang, 23, of Moolamylliang village, has erected a wooden statue of Donald Trump, former US President.
In another match, Royalpole Mihmyntdu beat Ialong 3-0
The residents are surprised why the supply is so low for the villagers.
Three candidates, Denestar Pariong of the BJP, Morningstar Tympuin of the UDP and World Champion Paliar of the HSPDP, won the election on Friday. They had the opportunity to stand together on the same election campaign platform to express their views to the people of the area.
In Nartiang, the ritual is different from others, because in this village the goddess is made of pachor unlike in other places with dew byrtha.
Several members of the KSU South West Khasi Hills District were also present on the occasion.
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has arrested a member of a company in Mumbai in connection with the theft of Rs 280 crore from a bank.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 39 cases, including 2 Health Workers, 2 High Risk Contacts, Kynshi Cluster 3, Langstiehrim Cluster 2, Mairang Mission Cluster 3, Mawlieh Cluster 6, Miangshang Cluster 3, New Nongstoin Cluster , Cluster 4, Cluster
"The shops and the houses are empty," he said.
The Chief Minister, Congrad Sangma, will be present to unveil and release the trophy.
He said that there can be no peace in the country and in the border areas of any country without a vigilant police force.
Shillong, March 20: The Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) is looking for qualified candidates to contest the mid-term elections from Nongstoin Constituency and the MDC elections.
Hundreds of villagers including village leaders, parents and youths carried flags and placards condemning the Training Phawa. the Village of Tuber Village.
He said that the Government is looking for ways to resolve this issue so that the water pipes can be implemented.
When we talk about urban areas, one of the things that comes to mind is the crowd.
“We want to ensure that traffic will not be affected and rain shelters and other facilities should be provided at Polling Stations (for the safety of voters on polling day), " he added.
The Common Service Lab (CSL) program provides students with digital and financial skills, encouraging them to use modern technology and create more employment opportunities.
He said that the storage of petrol lakhs of rupees without being found is not illegal because the law does not allow such petrol as petrol is flammable and dangerous. The law should punish them and bring them to justice.
Twinkle is the winner of the Phlangwanbroi Got Talent contest in collaboration with AMDA and Johnwesley Wahlang is the winner of the grand finale of Meghalaya Superstar Season-V. hosted by AMDA and the runner-up of All West Dancing Star Seasons
In this article, Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that it will be as part of the efforts to help the tourists who pass through Khyndai Lad which is a busy market for tourists and visitors. siew looked tda.
The author also shows in this book that the word Jaintia is the word War-Jaintia, which means a crowded place or a place of Iong-Iew longhat.
The friend invited him to go to a shop in the countryside.
I don't have a name for myself.
In a statement through Rev Dr EH Kharkongor Secretary, the KJCLF would like to continue to make it clear that Sunday is a holy day for Christians and churches.
All these six persons have been appointed as Sub-Inspectors on 22nd October,
“Therefore, we strongly demand that the job application for various posts should be suspended until the roster system is revised,” said Bah Thomas.
Isawanda said the Deputy Commissioner's office has directed the BDOs to send the names of those who have died of COVID-19 along with the names of their families and bank accounts. to prove that they have died of this disease.
He was born in Tongseng Narpuh and Mary Sutnga (59).
Sanbor said the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India has explained that the resettlement of these foreigners is through the approval of any State Government. There is another opposition, so there will be more and more litigation.
It is even more encouraging to see that the teachers have shown their enthusiasm through their perfect singing and musical skills.
Before I left home, my sister warned me not to drink water without boiling.
Donald said that every year, the KSU goes to pay tribute to the place where Bah Lurshai died in the fighting and the KSU has also erected a monument to him. he gave his life for the sake of the nation.
Toki said that the quality of education in the state has declined sharply and in the past, colleges like St Anthony's, St Edmunds, St Mary's, Sankardev, Lady Keane and the He said that after the establishment of the Hill State, education has declined slightly in the state.
So far, five bodies have been recovered from the crematorium and the search for the remaining bodies is ongoing.
It is to be recalled that this case arose from the filing of a case by a man named Lawyerson War with PIL No. 18/2019 with MC (PIL) No. 5/2
Nongstoin, March 12: U Bowell Lyngkhoi, 55, of Domkohmen, Nongstoin, has committed suicide by hanging himself by hanging himself with a jain and sdien to another tree in this village.
In the 50m freestyle, Pdiangsuklang Syngwan, Ilarisuk Youry and Anisha Syngwan won.
He congratulated the government especially the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma for introducing this scheme which will benefit the youth, as the youth are the future of tomorrow. that young.
The 25 ministers of the Hima Mylliem alleged that in the past five years, Pa'iem Latho has withdrawn more than T.2 crore from the Hima Mylliem and this too has not appeared in the accounts of the Hima.
What will happen to that family? I believe what will happen is that he will instantly condemn his wives, children and himself to poverty.
It is necessary to avoid living together with non-Khasi, because it seriously affects the customs and traditions of the Khasi people, and also destroys the Khasi people.
He said the government has tried its best to use its resources to ensure that it can provide the best service to the people.
No sound equipment shall be used between 10 pm and 6 pm.
The Rajya Sabha has not introduced the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill for discussion in the current session.
Even the government police, who are the law enforcement agencies, should act exactly according to the rules of law, so that their search in Sohra and Shella or elsewhere, will not lead to misunderstanding, as to protect foreign authorities, if this intention is carried out by the village authorities, Hima authorities, who have the authority of the law, not as ordered by unsigned persons or organizations.
After the road, the group also plans to hold a festival on the lack of drinking water, lack of schools, lack of health facilities and other shortcomings of the people.
Kiang Nangbah was taken to Jowai on 30th December 1862 and tried by Colonel HF Dunsford, CB, Commanding Jynteah Field Force and Captain BWD Morton, Deputy Commissioner.
“The visit to work in these days is a sign of peace for Dr. Mukul Sangma to lay the foundation stone,” he said.
Modi arrived on Thursday to attend a meeting of the North Eastern Council and also delivered a public address at Polo Ground on Saturday and stayed overnight at the Governor's residence.
The judges urged the Indian government to immediately provide oxygen to the hospitals.
“You don't have to pay a small fee”.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Meghalaya scored 194/3 in 20 overs, the highest score of the team compared to previous years in the T20 tournament.
“Many residents don't have enough money to buy rice, those who have applied for government assistance have not received it yet.
The meeting was convened to discuss the insecurity of drone flights which have been used to smuggle drugs, ammunition and ammunition. explosives in the border areas.
Speaking to media, Bah Donbok Kharlyngdoh, said that the main reason expressed by the JAC leaders is to request the Ri Bhoi Police to continue the search and rescue operations. To arrest the robbers, who were involved in the bomb killing of Bah Dismarlin, because according to information received from the JAC leaders, the robbers have tried to apply for bail through their police officers. , so as to avoid being caught by the Police.
The Meghalaya Lokayukta in November 2019, has directed all Government Employees to declare their assets and liabilities under the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act, 2014.
“Pregnant women die in the middle of the road due to the poor condition of the road, farmers find it difficult to market their produce,” he said.
Only those who oppose ILP say that there is a problem.
Due to the Christmas holiday, U Rupang will be released on 28th November
Such leaders think only for their own constituencies and sleep without defeat as soon as the elections come.
Besides Prestone Tynsong, those who witnessed the ceremony included Mayral Born Syiem, Jason Mawlong, George Lyngdoh, MDCs Magdalyne Mawlong, Charles Marngar, MDCs Magdalyne Mawlong, Charles Marngar, RM Kurbah, DC Ri Bhoi, Bah Chemphang Syrti, SP District, Health Officers and leaders of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar.
“He said that Meghalaya in general, and Garo region in particular, has witnessed a great change in the last six years.
Lebanon, which has lost twice in the recent matches against India in Bhubaneswar and Bangalore, has been lucky this time too, as even after the pressure on the players, However, it was able to prevent and especially from the missed many golden opportunities by the Indian players.
The closing date for receipt of entries is before 4th June,
Article 370 clearly states that the separate state of Jammu and Kashmir means that the state has its own separate law, which is not in line with other parts of India. including citizens’ rights, land tenure, citizens’ legislation and so on.
However, when the basic needs are provided, they should not be too Mem leh Sahep, the government itself cannot provide for the needs of the households. The room is not quarantined.
I arrived at the BDO office at 12 o'clock in the morning and saw that the employees had just entered the office and signed their biometric names to verify that they came to work at that time.
At this sad time, the Seng sends its condolences to his wife, children, brothers and sisters.
It is through the appearance of the thied bridge that this area has worked hard to maintain and maintain the thied bridges.
After this, if any youths wish to attend the training, they were explained further in the presence of their parents.
Meanwhile, UDP Chief Executive Member Teinwell Dkhar, MDC from Shella Constituency, UDP Working President Titosstarwell Chyne, MDC from Sohra, and UDP leaders from Sohra. in Shella Constituency.
“In the last election, the Congress won 21 seats and the NPP only 19 seats but the NPP has formed a government in collaboration with other parties.
He also explained that the practice of Yoga helps to strengthen the spirituality and gives health to the body as our life progresses.
Suzie is a mother of two children and has a strong body with strong muscles and is also a trainer at Rumen Fitness Gym in Nongpoh.
These working conditions are also a cause of discrimination among teachers and affect teachers.
She said the people of Meghalaya believe that 'U Basa' or god lives in the forests.
There were 27 people in the pick up including two women.
Fight until you get the right.
Before they were foolish, illiterate, fearful, but when they experienced the power of Pentecost they were filled with wisdom, courage, and they changed the world.
The Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) were issued by the Ministry of Home Affairs today.
“I request you to send more police personnel as there are only nine police personnel at Dawki Police Station and it makes it difficult for them to stop any robbery especially if the robbers from the Dawki Police Station. Bangladeshis have smuggled into our villages and committed crimes and also the Muktapur Police Out Post has faced the same problem due to the request of the Police to stop the crimes of “It's not like we're going to be in Bangladesh,” said the President of the Union, Kolmen Pohshna.
Shillong, Jymmang 23 : The BJP today alleged that the All India Congress (AITC) wants to introduce corruption in Meghalaya while the NPP will continue with its corruption schemes especially in Meghalaya. in recruitment practices.
We have suffered a lot, because this area is already a hot place, so the lack of electricity we have to stay in the dark and at the same time we cannot use the Pyngkha, because it is a hot place. and it can also affect infants because of the heat.
It means that the soldiers of the 666th beast will kill and watch like ISIS. But with Aadhaar it is not so.
Nagaland won six silver and three bronze medals.
I believe many of you have heard this explanation from Pastor Lyndan Syiem.
“The UDP Sohiong Leader, who was present on the last day of Bah HDR, said that the last hour of Bah HDR's speech, “I told Maheh to sit still, I will see what happened. I'm sorry because we've counted and drunk and I don't know what Maheh has said.
The Congress has decided to nominate this Rangbah in the upcoming elections from Mawkynrew.
“Mawkyrwat constituency is one of the luckiest constituencies because besides getting the MLA scheme, we also get the Chief Minister scheme. This is a blessing to the people of Mawkyrwat constituency,” he said. Renikton.
The Gospel of Hope—the call to be light (Matt.5:14-16).
Following the achievements of these two Centres, the Saurmandala Foundation with the support of the Government of Meghalaya will work with Project DEFY to set up 20 more such training centers in rural areas across the state. which are known as the Chief Minister's Youth Centres.
The Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF), Kristalina Georgieva, also congratulated Ajay Banga on his appointment as the World Bank. .
When asked about the Congress government's opposition to the ILP in the past, Dr. Mukul Sangma said that in the past, the state did not need the ILP and that is why the MRSSA has been created. “Through the enactment of the CAB by the CM, it has put the state at risk from the illegal entry of foreigners and that is why the ILP is very important,” he said.
Time will tell and will continue to raise new issues whether they affect individuals or the state as a whole.
“The creation of New Shillong is the eviction of the people under one name,” he said.
St.Joseph Higher Sec School, Pynthor Umkhrah Shillong2
and B.Com and sent the proposal to the State Government.
We have the opportunity that if we bring in adequate border markets, the nation will become rich and prosperous.
Police have not yet identified the incident but suspect that it may have been a petrol bomb blast that caused all the equipment in the warehouse to catch fire.
Shillong, Lber, 15: The book written by Bah Daniel Stone Lyngdoh entitled, “What shall we do in this life? The ceremony was held on Thursday at the residence of Wickliff Syiem, the youngest chief of the Nongstoiñ Hima in Rajai, Bangladesh.
"Raj and Uddhav's party split in 2005 when Raj, who emerged as the winner against Bal Thackeray, left the BJP during the differences of opinion among themselves and formed their own organization the following year.
However, if there is true unity, even the BJP and the NDA will be able to do whatever they want.
Jowai, Nailur 3: The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai today announced that up to T.75,000 tyngka has been released to the families affected by the fire and cyclone. year.
Replying to their demand for payment of the damage to crops and also regarding the increase in the payment of land fee, Bah Sawkmie said that the estimate on the damage to crops was made by The Horticulture and Forest Department has spent up to T.1.29 crore on the damage to crops, but regarding the demand to increase the land compensation, he said that the department itself has not. MECL itself has to pay what has been set by the DC's office. He also explained to the farmers that if He urged the farmers to go and talk to the DC of Ri Bhoi District.
Up to 18 families have been forced to leave their homes due to the landslide to escape the danger. It is not due to the rainfall because it has not rained at all and this suggestion may also be due to the excessive dryness of the soil.
Subrata Sen, Additional SP of Cachar district, confirmed that about three persons have been involved in the robbery of shops and petrol pumps in the past two months. accomplished.
Let’s all join hands together with state government, central government and World Health Organization (WHO) to fight this Pandemic deathly disease.
Others present were Elios Swer, Dalloi of Rymbai District, Helpman Phawa and Regina Sympli, District Manager CSC E-Governance Services India Ltd. State Head of CSC E-Governance Services India Ltd, who explained the benefits of CSC and urged the villagers to cooperate with CSC so that the villages can benefit.
There were also those who lived there and used different methods, changed their way of life, changed their religion and customs until even when they gave names and races they changed them until the names and races appeared. Dkhar-Khasi tribe to take advantage of Schedule Tribe.
He urged all the children of the village to cooperate with the village in any matter so that the Dorbar Shnong can strengthen its working methods for the benefit of the villagers.
Speaking on the occasion, the HYC leaders strongly condemned the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma and accused him of signing the MoU blindly without the knowledge of the owners. Raid and Hima rulers and even those residents on the border and finally it was decided that the land of Meghalaya which should not have gone to Assam has been transferred to Assam.
This is after the residents of this village have tested positive for COVID-19 and need to complete tests to curb the spread of COVID-1
This religious ceremony at Pung Tahdlaskeiñ was held along with the Shad Pastieh shad wait as a sign of thanks to the goddess Synhen.
He has studied at IIT, Bombay as well as IIM, Calcutta. He is skilled in financial management of larger projects of NEEPCO.
Women have the personal freedom to make their own decisions for their own lives and are also responsible for what they do in life.
Maitshaphrang has also sent a letter to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on 1st November, 2022 to take action on this demand.
The results in Karnataka have shown that the Congress will not be able to form a single government in the state.
Disparsing said he would seek information through RTI to ask under what provision of the law these two persons were dismissed and whether the MLA has been able to violate the rights of the people.
However, during the public hearing on the Meghalaya Cements Limited, the police have prevented the public from entering the building.
Shillong, Nailar 27: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Wapung Unit on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB). Abhi Coke Pvt Ltd. has closed down its company.
This was because they came to Umsawli to clean up the trees near the Shillong Indian Institute of Management, Umsawli.
Except in some places or constituencies where the people have become more scientific, they have become more intelligent where the money may not work fully.
The case was heard by Justice HS Thangkhiew and the order stated that the complaint by Bah Granary was based on his lack of knowledge of the measures taken by the government in relation to the ejahar lodged at Mawlai Police Station on 18th July 2021 and also the measures taken by the government regarding the report of inquiry appointed by the government to investigate the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield.
Referring to the expectations of the people to get jobs through the new district, MLA Mawthadraishan said that the government will create opportunities for employment by setting up offices. work in the District, but this will take longer.
He said that the entry and exit point of the government is slow and the reason for this is better known to the government.
However, the shop was damaged by the truck.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday said that the traffic jam on the Guwahati-Shillong road has worsened with the passing of the days.
The party wishes Kong Christabel a glorious victory with the support and trust of the people of Umroi Constituency, who will experience for themselves the service of this woman.
These shopkeepers also complained about the death of the market especially during the Christmas season, and in these days they said that even the shopkeepers are not able to pay.
BJP state president Ernest Mawrie challenged Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to fight only from South Tura seat and not hedge his career by fighting on two seats – and face the might of the party's vice president Bernard N Marak in the upcoming 2023 Assembly elections .
It will be a testimony to the whole world that Jesus is Lord.
Despite the scarcity of electricity in Meghalaya, it is difficult for the tribals to use it.
The SMR said that the government has issued this directive after finding that many of the people do not take these directives seriously. All residents of the state should take personal responsibility not to go outside when there is no essential work.
He said that the state government under the leadership of the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma has recently introduced the CM-Elevate scheme to open up opportunities for those who intend to set up their own businesses by taking assistance through this scheme.
Two coal miners from Boko, Assam died inside the crematorium on the evening of the 16th of this month after a landslide.
“It is the duty of the CEM to resign when he is not paid,” said Teinwell.
Covid-19 can be spread through contact with people in groups especially when no one has been infected with the virus by sneezing or coughing.
Shillong: Traffic jam has continued on the second day of this month in Upper Shillong.
We recall that in the Lok Sabha elections in 2014, Purno made this issue one of the most important issues, and he spoke about it in almost every campaign rally.
Shillong, June 04 : The Hills State People's Party (HSPDP) has confirmed that its candidate will win the Sohiong MLA election, despite the fact that former MLA Samlin Malngiang has left the party.
All these things happened but we the people listened silently.
The incident happened on the 4th of this month and her husband was identified as Harinder Prasad.
“What we need to look at is the announcements made by the MDA government, the MDA government has brought in many development schemes, that is necessary,” he said.
In the past few months, the union has met with the Deputy Commissioner of the District to demand a Public Hearing. They are not responsible for the demands of the Seng.
The purpose of the implementation of these measures is to completely eliminate the problem of youth especially students who drop out part-time and also to encourage youth through training. different lines.
Director Information & Public Relations, Jowai at Mission Compound, Jowai on
Shillong, July 23: A meeting of teachers of Adhoc Lower Primary Schools (AMA LPSA) will be held on the 3rd of November at 11 am at Riat Samthiah Community. Hall, Shillong, which is located near the Christian Academy Higher Secondary School.
In this action of the District Administration, it has brought about a change in the mindset of the people in which they have worn masks, observed the distance from each other, Most importantly, many of the shops have disinfected their shops and hopefully this will continue in the future.
The teams that finish first in the groups will qualify for the Asian Cup.
Looking back on the match, it was a really interesting match, because of the ability of the players to showcase their talents and through this final, it was also seen that the players were very good. Samuel Shadap and others from the state came to participate.
For skin marks, you don't need to cut sohjew snowflakes.
Shillong, June 07 : The BJP Meghalaya on Friday celebrated its 44th Foundation Day at a function held at the party headquarters across the Khasi, Jaintia and Jaintia Hills. spirit in Garo Hills.
Dinanagar (Gurdaspur), November 27: Four militants attacked a bus carrying 75 passengers on a highway in Punjab at 5:30 am this morning.
“We will try to get a report from the EC in this regard as we have only 10 days to end this term,” said the Syiem.
The State Government through the Ministry of Education plans to send about 18,000 teachers who still need to be trained.
On the other hand, the CEM said that from now on, the enforcement department of the council will investigate from time to time those foreigners who trade without proper documents. county palace.
I would like to make it clear that the Trinamool Congress along with its current MLAs will also allow the youth to participate in politics.
According to the survivor, the robbers stole T.500 tyngka from him and one of the passengers put it inside his jacket and later took another T. 1500 and left his wallet inside the car.
In the end, it is his own responsibility by surrendering that free will, by obeying those temptations and pressures to do those evil things.
KHNAM said that the absence of the political parties is a violation of the decision taken on 31st June.
The deadline for registration is the 12th of October.
This is very important for the Election Commission through the Chief Electoral Officer, Bah Fredrick Roy Kharkongor, in collaboration with the Returning Officers of all the districts.
Shillong, November 14: Thousands of people have attended a meeting convened by the Mawsynram Women Block Congress Committee today at Ritmawsir, near PWD Road, Mawsynram Division.
Where are the retired engineers who have been working abroad for decades? .
Shillong, Naitung 31: The war in Afghanistan, however, has affected uranium mines more than 10,000 miles away in Punjab and 149 children under the age of 13 have been killed. Uranium mine, which came from this country, has been in war for a few years.
Because of the Sawan festival of the third Sunday, many believers came to this place of worship.
Ivan Perisic scored for Croatia in the 55th minute, while Daizen Maede scored for Japan in the 43rd minute.
Chemphang Syrti, Commandant of MLP 3rd Battalion, Khliehtyrshi, West Jaintia Hills, has been transferred as Superintendent of Police.
, said Mr. Sumer.
Meghalaya will play its last match against Kerala on Saturday.
He said that the Land Recording Officer is the one who is authorized to issue the No Objection Certificate for the Mortgage and Land Valuation Certificate and the Non-Encumbrance Certificate.
The rally is part of the preparations for the 100th anniversary of the RSS in
Bangladesh Home Minister Asaduzzaman Khan admitted that he had no information about anyone entering India after
What is needed in the election is to elect a qualified person/person not from the party because the one who serves the people is the person not the party and without the person there is no party.
It is also prohibited for the people who visit this place not to do anything wrong, to speak rude words, or to behave rudely and to commit immorality in this place as it is a sacred place and it is believed that The area was also maintained by the ryngkew u basa who lived in the area.
He said that in the mid-term elections, the party in power has always won, because the people hope that if they win the party, they will win. to get development work in their areas.
An Ethiopian Boeing 737 caught fire on Sunday morning on a flight from Addis Ababa to Nairobi, killing all 157 people, including eight crew members. , according to the report.
The Minister informed that the Government plans to maintain up to 4200 square kilometers of water sources in the state and informed that the Government will provide financial assistance to the villages through various departments.
Who is the one who will give you the land? Therefore, we will give time to the Prime Minister to implement those dreams of his government, but until we can get land, the government will just walk around.
Others who were present on the occasion included PL Nonglait DSEO, Vincent Nianglang, Jt.
When asked for comment, the Minister of State, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that she is not alone in deciding whether the railway should come to Khasi Jaintia.
He said that the government has given them four months to complete the registration and they have set a deadline of 15th July
Speaking to media after the opening of the Mangtyngka Dorbar, Conrad said that discussions are ongoing on this issue.
At the same time, Sangma said that this issue is not new, but has been in existence for 49 years. this thing".
For this reason, MeCEL has had to turn off the light for 10 to 11 hours a day.
On the other hand, I urge the village leaders in the rural areas to issue a strict order to the people not to gather in large numbers as directed by the government so that we can prevent the spread of Coronavirus. Many of the villages in the remote areas have not cooperated well with the curfew imposed by the government, so as village leaders we should inform the people to cooperate at this time. We must be prepared as directed by the government and we must educate the people so that they will not ignore the news that misleads them because many of them are exploited. Therefore, in order to avoid all these, we must explain to the people and listen to the problems they face from illness and food and drink.
The Dorbar Shnong Wahiajer hopes that the twice a day market at Wahiajer will be a blessing to the farmers, traders and buyers of Jaintia Hills to improve the income of the villagers.
The four arrested were identified as Porno A. Marak, Birlman Marak, Portis Sangma and Albert Marak from Huwapara, near Malangkona village.
These people were distributed with daily household items such as kombor, khiew ki plates, boxes of clothes, tusok and others.
In addition, any writings from other groups, Dorbar Shnongs and private individuals relating to border issues that come to his desk, he will send directly to the Regional Committee for consideration.
Tura Municipal Board won the first prize, District Commerce and Industries Center won the second prize and the Election Department won the third prize.
Ricky synnahDon't allow HYC to open these showrooms Kali...they hate us Khasi because we are rich in the environment blessed by God and they want to destroy us ngi By depriving the rightful owners of the jobs.
The union has found that even today, they are stingy to come on time and to be in the office during office hours and also to be absent and come to work as they please. .
Lano added, “I don't understand.
He said it is necessary for the citizens to know that providing financial assistance or support to illegal rebel groups in any way is an offense under the law. law.
The inspection was conducted after the passengers complained about the condition of the road from Wah Umpamtiah to Weiloi in East Khasi Hills.
The program was held at the Auditorium Hall of Don Bosco College, Byndihati, where the Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma was the chief guest. Advisor to the Government of Meghalaya, HM Shangpliang, Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Baramwal, IAS and other officials were also present. government.
The post of Chairman has been filled by LG Nongsiej but the post of Deputy Chairman has not been filled since the resignation of Donevan Kharwanlang MDC Sohra constituency.
Regarding the distribution of ryntieh and nam pliang, Bah Louis said, “We have already distributed since November 2022 to Block I. We have distributed 100 ryntieh and 1000 ryntieh. the sword to protect themselves from the Karbi rebels".
Police said the injured were taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
Media reports said that Ma Vincent does not have any more MLAs to support him this time, but the only advantage is that he has many Congress leaders in Delhi, who are still wanted to give him another chance, that he would fight again this time too.
However, young people can fight against these challenges if they focus on constructive activities that will benefit them in the future.
However, the members of the Sengbhalang did not listen to the police and tried to stand from the IGP in front of the SP office, Khyndailad and Motphran and were guarded by the police.
The body was taken to Civil Hospital Nongpoh for post mortem and handed over to the family members.
They said this while talking to Rupang.
The people and machinery in this space are the ones that have to draw out all the energy and talent.
I joined the UDP, I paid the application fee to apply for a ticket from the UDP. I have nothing to do with the allegation against Bah HDR Lyngdoh,” he said.
If those who have these funds do not take this opportunity before November 2015; Therefore, the banks, will no longer hold these coins and therefore, the sellers or buyers, will no longer use these coins and therefore, these song, will have to be broken, in those. who have the opportunity to keep a lot of banknotes in their home.
The man has been proven to be involved in many extortion cases, police said yesterday.
In the demonstration, supporters entered the House of Congress and some members entered the office of the Speaker and sat in the chair of Speaker Nancy Pelosi. and those who are shondur.
The Sunapyrdi Village Authority has urged the government through the District Administration to be vigilant in the checking of vehicles and foreigners as most of the foreigners hide in trucks just to escape the screening at the gates. don ha Ratacherra.
The Congress party has declared curfews in other parts of India to protest against the daily increase in petrol and diesel prices. They cannot do so because the court has banned the curfew and they have to take another route.
“If we focus only on our desires and forget what else is necessary, I am afraid that we will lose our desires,” he added.
Conrad acknowledged his father's desire to create small states to accelerate economic development.
“It is worth mentioning that the Central Government has proposed to build a railway line from Tetelia to Byrnihat and from Byrnihat to Shillong.
“Although the border issue is not the responsibility of the district council, the council will do its part to support the government in this regard by providing the documents,” said the CEM. After Sanbor Shullai criticized the political parties for not separating from the BJP, BJP leader Dr WR Kharlukhi today said the BJP should be grateful. “The BJP should be grateful in fact, because it is the sympathy of the NPP, for including them in the MDA coalition government. “It's a good idea to have them in the MDA government,” said Dr Kharlukhi.
The BSF should remember that their duty is to protect the border of India, to prevent the illegal entry of Bangladeshis and not to allow smuggling of Bangladeshis. hit in the face.
This includes EGH: 05 (Others), EJH: 22 (Others), EKH: 559 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –02, Others–557), NGH: 10 (Others), RBD: 103 (Others), SWGH : 06 (Others), SWKH: 04 (Others), WGH: 21 (Others), WJH: 77 (Others) and WKH: 04 (Others) There are 679 recoveries including EGH: 06 (Others), EJH: 21 (Others), EKH: 425 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –01, Others–424), RBD: 98 (Others), NGH: 01 (Others), SWGH: 19 (Others), SWKH: 03 (Others), WGH: 44 (Others), WJH: 39 (Others) and WKH: 23 (Others).
She also began to cry.
He said that the union through this statement has warned against any person who smuggles or intends to bring in foreign workers without proper documents according to the requirements of the time, the union will It will not stand idly by but will take strong action and the perpetrators of these foreigners will have to take responsibility for their violation of the law.
According to information received, this happened on the 18th of this month and his body was found at 7:00 pm. the life of the child.
Shillong, March 31: The resolution tabled in the House today on the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to urge the government to implement it has been rejected.
VPP President Ardent announced the strike after the state government refused to allow the party to discuss the Reservation Policy. VPP's demand to amend the Reservation Policy should benefit the Garo citizens of the state because their share in the Reservation Policy has been taken away by the Garo who are not only citizens of the state. .
He said that at present the Municipal is taking the names of all the land vendors to take the necessary action.
Jowai: No one has been rescued from the coal mine in East Jaintia Hills.
After being scored in the 76th minute, East Bengal increased their pressure to fight back and this led Lajong to score from the penalty spot in the 86th minute.
Small planets have less atmosphere because they have less gravity, so they also lack those substances that can give life.
In addition to the cooked foods and jhur jyrngam, soybeans have also been added to make the food well prepared.
B. Decruse, of the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society, said that the main purpose of the campaign is to raise awareness among the public regarding other diseases as well.
The Prime Minister also remembered the journalists who have dedicated their lives to report on the events in Parliament, despite the lack of modern technology.
Three times thou shalt speak; The cow shall not rise again, until thou finish it.
In the second half, the match became more and more intense and both the players struggled to score.
Supporting the development of the Khasi Authors' Society from the past to the present, the people are looking forward to how the youth will get the benefits in various offices in the State and even abroad.
For then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be.
However, in 930 B.C. after the death of King Solomon, the kingdom of Israel was divided into two parts. Solomon was appointed king from 930 B.C to 909 B.C. kings who no longer feared God, Israel as a nation became more and more divided and was ruled by many kings and kingdoms over them, the reason was that their rulers were idolaters. They didn't fear God, and the land was destroyed.
The festival has attracted the participation of people from all over the world and the presence of world famous musicians and singers as well as local artists.
More than 2,000 families have fled Ramadi after ISIS militants took over the city, the report said.
U Bah Lyngdoh said that even the government authorities are very concerned about the burning of hills but until now we have never heard of those involved in the burning of hills being arrested by the law enforcement authorities. and there was no one to find them.
Other teams participating in the tournament are Kickstart Football Academy Rhinos, Touchline NE Cubs, Unified Gorkha Gators, Nongthymmai GC Scorpions, Langsning Greenergy Lions, Nongtrai Cheetahs, Mawlatbah SC Hawks, Littlestar Clouded Leopards and Sunnydale Schools. The demise of the Bulls.
The Central Executive Committee (CEC) is the highest authority of the party and no one can compete with anyone else”.
Besides the Chief Minister, the program was also attended by Phrestar Manik Syiem, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Bah KM Syiem, Deputy Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Bah Pyniaidsing Syiem, Chief Executive Member, Metbah. Lyngdoh, MLA and Chairman State Planning and others who paid tribute to this hero of the country.
The Rangbah Shnong of Muskut, West Jaintia Hills, has been shot dead by unknown persons on the 13th of this month. A case has been registered against the suspects.
The price of rice has increased due to the decrease in rice production due to natural forces.
Shillong: The Council of Traditional Chiefs and Headmen (KHADC) today elected its office bearers including the Syiem of Maharam, Pa'iem Niandro. Two Vice Chairman including Bah Kynsai Lyngdoh, Chairman of Mawlai Town Dorbar and Babu Boldness Nongum, Minister of Nongkhlaw Hima.
The three states where the CAB will not come into force are Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland and Mizoram as they do not have full Inner Line Permit (ILP).
“The Minister of Education has already promised this, but we don't know when, because he said we will fulfill the demands soon, which means how long will this not happen because we don't know when. “It will be successful, but the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has promised to take up this issue at the next Cabinet meeting and has promised 101% to accept it,” he said.
He said that he did not enter the position of leader to get the world but to promote humanity and that justice will once again live in the society.
Speaking to media, Justice (retd) BP Katakey said that his resignation from the committee is for personal reasons and for unavoidable reasons.
The Seng Kur Phawa Siangshai takes this responsibility to improve as much as it can by inviting and encouraging its fellow citizens who may have been involved in such crimes or who have involved themselves in such crimes. and the RAM to leave immediately and come forward themselves to meet with the leaders of their own kur so that they can help them.
Throughout the East Jaintia Hills District, there were one or two puja pandals organized by various Puja Committees in Khliehriat East, Ladrymbai Datsimpeiñ, Ladrymbai Khliehdupon, Umpleng Market, Naman Compound in Sookilo and others. There are also cement plants in East Jaintia Hills District.
It is also sad to know that due to the lack of attention of the government in helping in the maintenance of the school, it has also caused a huge loss for those children who attend the school. , because besides not getting a proper place to study, they also face another problem and that is they don't have the opportunity to go to school at the right time.
The third should investigate the two schools by independent state and federal investigative agencies for religious and political connections and for sensitizing students in terms of religious differences in the read their books.
Sniawhalang Dhar, Symbud Chief Minister and National General Secretary of the National People's Party (NPP), has worked hard to seek the support of party leaders and workers to ensure the victory of Ampareen Lyngdoh, the candidate from Shillong Parliamentary seat. Lok Sabha MP election to be held.
Police are investigating to find the children who caused trouble in public places.
The social cohesion between the two states, amounting to 844.9 Sq.
“The seven villages were called by the name of Kyntoit, not by the name of the village, including Lumdiengsai, Mawkynring, Lumkseh, Wahmyntait, Kyrdeng, Lumdiengngan, Mawkduk and Kyntoit Lumrit, and they were called Rangbah. Kyntoit and they are not called Rangbah Shnong and until now they are still Rangbah Kyntoit,” he said.
She also expressed her regret over the loss of 50 percent of the species due to the destruction of the forest.
Shillong: West Guwahati MLA Ramandra Narayan Kalita has sought information from the Meghalaya government to construct a road under the Prime Minister's Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY) scheme near the Assam border. and Meghalaya.
In Sohra, the rainfall was 0.0mm yesterday and 3.0mm today.
Francis Pondit Sangma won as an independent MLA from Mawshynrut from 2003 to 2008 and from 2008 he joined the Congress party in In Mawshynrut Constituency, the Congress party has been a blessing to the polling stations for many Garo people.
R.Kongwang, District School Education Officer, Kong L. Syiemlieh, other government employees, teachers and students.
To go to the rich man's house, like a raitoi, feels like an insect.
When its motto is 'Voice of the North East', why doesn't it want to contest MP from Assam for only 3 or 4 seats, why in Manipur? Why did you support the BJP in Arunachal Pradesh without proper grounds?
If the Indian government still plans to mine uranium again, the HSPDP will not hesitate to take other measures to block this plan.
But people from all over the country say, “'Modi tera kamal khilega' (Modi, your lotus flower will bloom),” he said.
The Meteorological Department has issued a strong warning for thunderstorms and heavy rain in Almora, Bageshwar, Chamoli, Champawat, Dehradun, Garhwal, Hardwar, Nainital, Pithoragarh, Rudraprayag, Tehri Garhwal, Udham Singh Nagar and Uttarkashi districts of the state.
Speaking at the briefing, Bah Ardent said that it was the support of the people that led the government to accept the demand to amend the Reservation Policy. that special committee and on my part until I have received a written appointment of the committee I will not be appointed'
At the same time, he said that the sudden outbreak of the storm on Friday night, has been a test for the department, which has caused a disruption in the distribution of electricity to different parts of the state.
“We intend to leave this evening and will return after peace,” Choudhury said.
?" Suddenly a voice came out of Rida's mouth.
Shillong: There have been 59 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today and 37 recoveries have been made today.
Those coal trucks passing through East Jaintia Hills District will have to pass through the Rathacherra/Umtyra and West Jaintia Hills bridges. in Nongdomprut, South West Khasi Hills in Borsora/Bagli and Cherragaon, in Ri Bhoi District in Shangbangla, in North Garo Hills in Sarangma, in West Garo Hills in Dalu and in South Garo Hills District in Gasuapara. .
“The Congress has thought carefully about this and we are pleased that the party in Delhi has accepted this proposal,” said Bah Pala, who will contest the election from Sutnga-Saipung constituency. District.
Socialborn Kurbah scored 11', 43', Sooki Lamare 28', 4', 54' and
The Model Code of Conduct, Minister of State for Home Affairs, James K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Model Code of Conduct clearly states that no person who is not a voter of the constituency will be allowed to stay after the end of the month. “We don't understand why they need to stay in this area when even the prime minister has left as soon as the campaign period ends,” said James.
Visitors shall use the entrance and exit routes as specified by the Village.
“I accept the decision taken by other parties in the MDA like the HSPDP, UDP, PDF who want to reconsider the MoU,” he said.
At the same time, synsar is a plant that is different from other plants, because in the synsar cultivation areas the soil is very dry and the rivers are dry, the trees and siej cannot grow when and he planted it.
JM Nongkhlaw of Sadew Church, C. Marbaniang of Baniun Church, K. Kharbangar of Mylliem Church and Big Thabah of Marbaniang Presbyterian Church were also interviewed.
While the word “economic” refers to income and income.
He said that politics for him is not a profession because a person who works in any job if he has a bank account can come to contest without knowing anything about it. This is the reason for the decline in governance in this state.
Meanwhile, the driver of the Maruti Suzuki fled the scene, while a passenger from Shillong received treatment for her injuries and was allowed to leave with her family.
On this occasion, a short meeting was held before the start of the treatment led by Kong Intralis Blah.
The fire destroyed the house of Rosina Kharkongor, the timber factory of Boniefast Kharkongor, three rooms of the Dispensary, the shop of Macdaline Kyrsain and the shop. Fast Foot of Mrs. Kharpuri.
“Vaccination prevents severe illness, hospitalization and even death," the statement said.
The transfer of the District Council to Jowai is based on the recommendation of the German Commission, which was appointed by the Assam government to investigate the matter.
Faithful from Umsning Parish are requested to gather at Nongpoh Parish and bury the body at Umsning Parish.
“It is very worrying but the law alone cannot stop this.
On the same day, after receiving an explanation on the activities of the society for many years, the office bearers were re-elected and Kong Rosemerry Kurbah was re-elected as the Chairman. John F Kharshiing as Secretary, Baiamon Rynjah as Assistant Secretary, Washington Wahlang as Treasurer and nine as Executive Members.
The question is, what made them stand up? Why, for hundreds of years, have they not stood up and suffered as much as those who ruled over them? The reason is that they have chosen not to be foolish; they chose not to be fooled anymore; they have chosen to no longer allow poverty to be a weakness for the powerful to exploit.
It should not be that you talk to the General Secretary and you don't talk to the Chairman of the party,” said Pala.
“The Minister has informed us that the government has received the documents sent by the DC's office and found that Ayush Kumar has sent the PRC sent by the DC's office. DC in 2021.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) in collaboration with Uttar Pradesh police has seized old currency worth Rs 100 crore from a newly built house in Kanpur. largest amount since demonetisation in November 2016.
“They are trying to mislead the people from one constituency to another by asking for account numbers with the promise of giving money. less than a month to the election," he said.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 18: The National Service Scheme (NSS) Volunteers together with the students of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat have taken to the streets of Mawkyrwat to hold a march with the slogan to say 'em' to Duma.
The Seng Khasi Kmie through the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee together with the Tymmen u San Committee under the leadership of Chairman Rgh Skor Jala have completed the three parts of the thanksgiving ceremony. , which is known as the Lehniam of Shi Hat Shi Taiew on the Monday before the ascent of Eh Rngiew to Lum Sohpetbneng on the 4th of June
Not only in Garo Hills but also in Jaintia Hills and Khasi Hills,” Momin told reporters.
The Garo, identified as Nacheng R Marak, sustained serious injuries and was shifted to Civil Hospital, Shillong.
Four months after the collision of three trains that claimed the lives of 297 people in Odisha's Balasore district, Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) officials have launched a clean up the 28 bodies which have not been identified or found.
Samlin said the people of Sohiong have now understood that they don't want to send agents anymore, but they will elect the NPP candidate which is the ruling party in the government. state.
He said that the state has many people, good administrators, traders, teachers and there is no need to look for people from outside the state to bring them to the state.
The food will be distributed to all schools.
The GHADC alone has not been able to pay the salaries of the employees for three years.
On the other hand, the village leaders have appealed to the Government of Meghalaya to do whatever is necessary to end the bloodshed in the village. the government doesn’t believe either.
“The youth are the builders and future of the country for the future of the country,” he said.
The first Hills State Union was formed through the Eastern India Tribal Union (EITU) through the general elections in 1957 to the Parliament and Assembly of Assam.
God is also a God of confusion, he is above the darkness and illuminates the universe, he shapes and blesses the universe for all creation, from the animals to the human beings. In the course of time, the beautifully created, good and perfect creation has lost its value, its wealth and its beauty.
The kings of Khadsawphra and Sutnga were brothers.
For online registration Click Here :-.
Ribhoi has 126 cases, ILI 7, High Risk 31, Byrnihat 9, Rangmen 14, St Jude Hostel 7, Umeit 14, Umran 11, Lumblei 7 people.
Ardent Basaiawmoit, on the other hand, responded to Mohan Bhagwat's statement by saying, “We were not part of India before the French came to our hills, therefore, we were not Hindus in the past. and tomorrow" he commented.
He said that after receiving the letter of allocation of the funds, it will not be long before the funds are released to the State.
I believe you have a pass,” said Dr Laloo.
“The Minister has said that there is a need for cooperation between the KHADC, the Syiem of Mylliem and the state government on this,” said Bah Ardent.
“This project is worth T.50 crore for the Mawlai By-Pass to Umrynjah which will be funded by the DoNER Minister and T.25 crore for the Umrynhah to Shillong By-Pass. Lane, you don't have to use CRIF,” said Prestone.
The Khasi people from Rilang to Kupli are a small people.
Among the four players who represented the State, Jeff Diengdoh, Gregory F. Sohtun and Kedokiteuo Sirie (who represented for the first time) won.
Like in other infant throwing incidents, parents or caregivers throw their newborn babies in other places but such an incident of a baby being thrown into the river, is the first time within the state.
Bah Dkhar said that the union has also informed these operators that most of the team shops are foreigners who do not have proper documents. -law.
The Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) leader was speaking in Shillong.
Speeches were also delivered by the residents who strongly condemned this man and called for a severe punishment.
I request the government through the teachers to find more ways to help all the children at this time so that the education provided by the teachers will not be lost anywhere but will be the same for all students.
Aided Teachers/Professors) to take part in political activities by canceling the decision of the Government, this month, the Government of Meghalaya through the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills The District has issued a directive that all teachers from government-aided schools (Govt.
Young men and women have the duty and responsibility to pay for their human rights to their Mei-ri-lung – the Mei-ri-san.
Replying to a question on the challenges faced by the Khasi Seng as a leader in maintaining the customs and traditions and religion of the Seng, Bah Hammarsing said He said that the Seng Khasi is leading this path to make the people aware that it will bring about these things. the good things for the nation are known and preserved.
He said that the Assam police had alleged that the clashes were caused by the stone throwing by the Khasi but he denied this and said that it was only the demand of the Assam police but the reason was the same. to Nepal.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 05: Due to the problems faced by the people of Mawshynrut constituency in terms of travel and transportation, Bah Methodius Dkhar, although he has been elected as MLA for less than a year, has been elected as MLA. He has taken great care for the people of the constituency as a whole.
For my part, I cannot refuse to cooperate with this government,” said Bah Pynshngain.
Kwistilda Lyngdoh Marshillong, one of the synsar farmers, said that in previous years, the market price of synsar could fall or rise in one day.
Healthy foods : You show what you eat.
However, he said there were also Hima Bills which the government had passed but he could not remember them well.
To every ordinance of man for Lord’s sake, whether to the king as supreme or unto governors ….1 Peter 2:13.
That is the New Steel Bridge, which will allow trucks to carry up to several tons.
The vehicle was shifted to Umroi Police Investigation Center for further investigation.
“I will discuss with the EC that the Delimitation Committee should have time to complete the division of constituencies and submit its report in due course,” said Titos.
Noting that the number of cases of Covid-19 has decreased compared to last month, Sampath said this is a good sign and the Government has tried its best to ensure that all the residents who have not been vaccinated included in the list to be injected, should be eliminated.
“The ksai has spread all over the village and the hills and rivers,” said the teacher, who did not want to be named.
If we can understand this truth, our country and nation will be on the path of hope.
Shillong, October 01: The Seng Khasi Ri-Bhoi Pyllun will hold its 4th General Assembly at Khyndewso village near Mawlasnai on the 5th of October.
NESO members also held a lighting ceremony at Tura Don Bosco Junior College on July 28 to express their solidarity and condolences over the incident in Manipur.
The winners will receive cash prizes along with trophies and certificates. 1st prize – Rs 5000/-, 2nd prize – Rs 3000/- & 3rd prize – Rs 2000/- in both categories.
Replying to a call for attention by UDP MLA from Mowkaiaw, Bah Nujorki Sungoh, Sangma said that although they have heard this news, they have not received any exact information. there are no complaints by any residents about the demand for money by the members of the group.
More than 2,000 residents of Manipur have come to Mizoram to escape from their jobs, the Ministry of Home Affairs said in the past few days. Manipur has been involved in violence and bloodshed since the 3rd of this month.
This year, Arunachal Pradesh Police have gone to Punjab to arrest YouTuber Paras Singh for racially insulting Arunachal Pradesh MLA Ninong Ering and the people of Arunachal Pradesh.
Jowai, Jymmang 05: The 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the 3rd Division of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WSA) was held today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
When Jesus comes, He will take away all those sins, and He will give us the Holy Spirit of peace and joy.
On the other hand, the CEO and Additional CEO expressed their satisfaction with the cooperation of the government officials on the need to strengthen the inspection of EVMs and stock by which uses new technology to facilitate the conduct of elections.
The team scored the first goal in the 6th minute followed by the second goal in the 30th minute.
Those who attended the meeting which had to be held in two parts at 11.00 and 1:30 am due to the lack of space in the hall were 689 according to the registration.
Other candidates who have completed their nomination papers have expressed their happiness to contest for the post of Leader of the Legislative Assembly.
Villagers are also prohibited from entering their homes to canvass and are not allowed to walk from one village to another from the beginning of these rules until the end of the polling.
There are 25 teams participating in the MSL tournament, with nine clubs in Jowai Zone, Shillong Zone, Mawkyrwat Zone and Tura Zone. seven Sports Clubs.
The present government, which is joined by various political parties under the banner of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance, must take responsibility for these delays and lack of governance. Meghalaya.
The employees of the Jowai Municipal Board, have not been able to collect garbage, due to the lack of salary.
They said that the heat and humidity have affected not only the agriculture but also the health of children.
The first beast comes up out of the sea, and the second beast comes up out of the earth.
Rev Andrew Marak, Bishop of Tura, in a statement today, confirmed the temporary suspension of the priest.
This is Nehemiah's prayer.
All three goals were scored in the first half but shortly before the end of the half, Minerva managed to turn the tide through William Opoku Asiedu in the 45+3 minutes.
“We have not suspended the proposal to build a railway line but we are still considering this issue,” said Bah Sniawbhalang.
Many of you don't know me, but now I urge you to support the son of Bah Don for three years and see how he goes.
SKWC President Alan Niangti said that the Union will continue to stand against this, as it will affect the people of West Jaintia Hills as a whole and not only the Union. Those who don't have the Shangpung area are all the same.
They said that if anyone is against the construction of the road, they should hold a public meeting at KHADC or in their village. “They don't say a word to show that they are against the construction of the road,” he said.
Sonia has been suffering from fever since Sunday.
Shillong, Naiwieng 1: Archbishop Dominic Jala, the head of the Catholic Church in Ri Khasi Jaintia, on Tuesday expressed his surprise why the government has not called for talks with the political parties on the Inner Line Permit (ILP) protest.
Speaking at the ceremony, the Minister of Education wished the students success in their studies.
In his speech, Prabhudutta Sahoo, General Manager, NABARD, Shillong, expressed his pleasure to be present at the opening of this market which will be a golden opportunity especially for those who produce agricultural products, handicrafts and others where they can bring and sell their products and improve and beautify their products for marketing.
Therefore, don't be afraid to say that you don't do anything when you are doing great things, which benefit not only you but the country as a whole”.
This is the collection of the State Government alone, not counting how much the Government of India collects and how much commission the dealers (petrol pump owners) receive.
Many of the patients who cannot be treated at the rural hospitals are sent to the Civil Hospital Shillong.
The total number of cases so far has risen to 16,79,7
Prestone said the government has a royalty agreement with Lafarge to pay T.90 per metric tonne, and when calculated per annum, the amount reaches T.18 crore.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma together with the Ministers met with the Minister of Home Affairs, Amit Shah in New Delhi and informed him about the incident at Mukroh village and requested him to hand over the investigation to the Minister of Home Affairs. The Chief Minister was accompanied by the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong, Minister of Home Affairs Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of PHE Renikton Tongkhar and Minister of C&RD Hamletson Dohling. .
Besides these dignitaries and the public who came to witness the event, Government Ministers from Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar and Bah Shakliar Warjri also attended the ceremony. Cherry Blossom Festival at Madan Kurkalang.
He said that according to sub clause (5) the District Council does not allow its employee to become Rangbah Shnong which is against the right of a person to participate in the work of the village.
It's a pig.
“Regarding these rules which should be reviewed by the government, the Dy CM informed us that the MHA has some rules regarding the construction of gates. “It's because such gates will cause inconvenience among the tourists or people who enter the state,” said the HYC leader. He said that the MHA has the authority to ensure that no Bill or Act passed by the State Government should not be against any Act passed by Parliament. the articles are part.
At the meeting at the Dorbar Hall of Rngi Lower Ïew Rambrai and before the confirmation of the office bearers of the Youth Wing Rambrai Zone, the office bearers of the Youth Wing were welcomed. and young people who came to join by wearing party mufflers.
The UCC Act, which is more complex than the three-part khwai, requires that all Indians worship the same common faith, speak the same languages ​​and accept the same. customs and traditions which shall be equally related in society, in employment, in income and to avoid excessive differences, through various laws, within one country.
You have seen the implementation and progress of the country where witnessed in the last 10 years.
He said that in the past few days there have been many discussions and explanations in the media and handshakes and bloodshed but from 2008 under the leadership of the party. Samuel Jyrwa's Cabinet Secretary and the Director of Atomic Energy who came to the Secretariat to get clear information on uranium.
Another finding of the committee was the idleness of the MRI machine at Shillong Civil Hospital which was purchased for T.5.17 crore, which was intended to provide services to patients for examination of diseases.
“We are pleased that the District Council has organized this festival again, we expect that besides the programmes, we will also enjoy the traditional food from different himas,” said Kong I. Shooting.
The CEM was responding to a motion moved by Shella MDC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar in the Executive Committee of the Council today.
However, we see that that right of ownership has begun to spread to other people who have waited for the opportunity to take away this rule of Khadar from our hands.
On the other hand, the Chairman of the Railway Board assured that there will be no shortage of funds in connection with the construction of this major project of the Railway Department.
U Bah B.Nianglang, Sordar of Nonglang Sirdarship, said that after the central government has recognized the village as an Aspirational Village, various departments of the government have From time to time, he comes to provide various trainings to the villagers in agriculture, environment and other areas in order to improve the income of the villagers.
Strong protests have erupted in parts of Manipur following the killing of two Meitei students by suspected Kuki militants.
Amos 5:11-15.
Mawkhar also scored through Restorewell Marbaniang who sent a shot from distance but Mawlai goalkeeper Neithovilie Chalieu managed to save the ball.
“I have been involved in politics since I was 8 – 9 years old, but I have never seen such a spirit of hatred, and this is what ima and this shall destroy us.
Throughout the day, the residents also visited the proposed construction site which is located in a rud wah area within the village, where they said that a sum of T.16 has been spent. lakh for the construction of the Washing Ghat, through the CSR of the Airport Authority of India.
Zhukova is from Russia and has moved to the United States.
CHOICE OF HEALTHY FOODS:- Another way you need to try to protect yourself from this disease is to eat foods rich in healthy nutrients that can help you recover quickly from this disease. pain.
The opposition leader said that when the ruling party passed the Prevention of Disqualification Bill, 2015 last year, it was “The resignation of the MDCs should be the responsibility of the state government which sent them to resign,” he said. state.
Shillong, Lber 03: U MLA of Sohra Constituency, Bah Titos Star Well Chyne today said that his defeat in the MDC election is because the people of Sohra Constituency do not want him. he didn't have two jobs.
Furthermore, the rice to be purchased by the atta, moida factories and food manufacturers from the FCI through OMSS (D) will have to produce the rice and release it to the market for sale within 30 days from the date of the last one released.
However, many women still have to walk a long way to stand on their own feet and earn their own living.
Together with Bah Stanley Nichols Roy, former MLA, he suggested the establishment of the Meghalaya Community Relations Council as part of the efforts to bring peace and stability in Meghalaya.
According to the PUC member, MeECL will submit a report on its investigation into how and why power outages are increasing in the state especially in rural areas.
Jowai: The Seinraij Shangpung today celebrated the 159th birth anniversary of Kiri Daloi Dhar at Lum Mukut, Shangpung.
Police are searching for the suspect.
He said that the people of Meghalaya have known all these things and will give a full answer in the MLA elections to the political parties in the MDA government. Himanta Biswa Sarma from Shillong and Dispur were appointed by Defense Minister Amit Shah in Delhi.
It was in 1966 that Rgh Maham Singh came to attend the Mawlieh Theater Club and began to discuss with these elders how to improve the dance. dress in the beit and promote the dance of peace of mind.
Langsning, who beat Nangkiew Irat 4-1 in the last match, scored the first goal before the end of the first half through Damanbhalang in the 86th minute.
On the other hand, India said it does not want to reach this issue or decide whether to support or leave Russia alone as it is only Russia that India relies on. Many of the weapons and aircraft that India has have belonged to Russia and have received from Russia.
The Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that Dinesh is still in a state of mental illness, and the police have started investigation to arrest the robbers. rather than you.
We are the ones who commit these sins:-1
He also expressed his satisfaction that this program has been a success with the participation of the farmers in the district. He also sent a message to all the farmers in the district who have been able to stand on their own feet. The 4th of November is the Day of Remembrance for Farmers in the State which started in
According to the family members of the child, the robber took advantage of the child while she was sleeping at home while her mother was on her way home.
Are the people who have elected their MLAs ready to give their opinion, to request their leaders to temporarily suspend the development works from the MLA Scheme for a period of time?
Nongstoin: The Secretary of the West Khasi Hills School Managing Committee Association, Bah Hopestandard Myrthong, today said that he has resigned from the post of Secretary of the School Managing Committee Association of West Khasi Hills. Blame anyone but it is because of excessive need if you take advantage only to hold big jobs without being able to complete them properly it will lead to loss of income.
According to Dr Mukul, this action of the present government is after its promise to the people to release coal within six months has not come true and they have created inappropriate tactics.
They include Political Secretary Aristerwell Thongni, Foreign Secretary Phrangkupar Diengdoh and PSOs including Rymphang Marwein, Storgy Lyngdoh, Aiborlem Marbaniang and Raymond Lapang.
The Dorbar Shnong Pyllun, ICAR, Umiam on Saturday led by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah M.War and the Secretary Shnong, Bah M.Biam. The women's organizations led by Kong M.Kharsahnoh together with the VDPs have come out to clean up the Flyover at Umiam.
Furthermore, the Seng urges the relevant authorities to take immediate action to stop such acts which seriously affect the society as a whole.
He said that the leaders are no longer the legislators and they are the leaders who come to trade and earn money only for their own benefit and without thinking about the welfare of the people. The people in this regard should understand and before electing the leaders they should think carefully so that they will not be disappointed after electing those leaders who are the legislators and those in charge. shisha for the benefit of the people, he added.
The principle of the Stack is one that can be applied to the contexts of other countries – developing from developed – depending on their needs.
The meeting was led by Sweety Syiemlieh and was attended by Khasi students from all over Karnataka.
Gabriel Wahlang MLA and MDC Nongstoiñ Constituency was the chief guest in the presence of Bah HR Thabah, one of the private individuals who has contributed to the Club and the village as a whole. , who was also the chief guest on the occasion and who also took part in the flag laying ceremony.
The Barato Police Out Post will be located inside the Nartiang Police Station.
This stream is a source of water for the residents of Mawlai as it flows to the Umsohlang Dam.
According to these youths, the reason why they as youths of the village went to help these families, is because they are sorry to see that these families are really poor. Besides, they have children who are struggling to support their families.
The death toll in the United States has risen to 532 in the past 24 hours, according to Johns Hopkins University.
The implementation of 5G will be phased in.
Rs 75 crore Suryanamaskarna Project for Welfare: The Rs 75 crore Suryanamaskar Project for Welfare, Peace and Health, as part of the Azadi Amrut Mahotsav, is supported by the Ministry through the Fit India Program.
However, unfortunately, there are many cases where the 100 numbers of the police do not work properly.
Latest reports said that the collapse of the rocks in this area near the tunnel, was due to heavy rainfall, which caused the ground and the rocks to fall and roll away from the hills. there was no accident in this rockfall near the tunnel.
In this lym pung, the children will perform their skills in storytelling, music, song, dance, traditional dance or in the performance of traditional customs and traditions.
The Word of God says –
The Executive Director of the State Disaster Management Authority (SDMA), on July 16, said that the SDMA is waiting for more detailed information on the damage from the district authorities of the districts. affected by the natural disaster that occurred last month across the state.
Maqbool said that 4 tonnes of sohniamtra and 1 tonne of soh trun from Meghalaya have been imported and so far about 70 percent of the sohniamtra has been sold and distributed to the people. die all these fruits.
My brothers and sisters left home.
It is learned that the girl had gone to the scene with four of her friends and the incident happened while the girl and her friends were shooting. near the river and thus the young woman fell into the river, until she drowned.
In the 2nd division, Mawryngkneng beat Nongthymmai 1-0 with the first goal scored by Iohbor Mukhim in the 84th minute.
