Acts 4:1
Police arrested the two doctors at 8 pm after receiving a complaint and sent them to NEIG RHIMS for examination.
In 2004, I was invited to attend the Golden Jubilee of an elder in the Ri Lyngngam Presbytery.
The TMC will reshape the history of politics in Meghalaya, as we are committed to serving the people.
The office of the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai in collaboration with the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Jowai will organize the race. Fit India Freedom Run 3.0 on the 22nd of this month for men and women.
Nongpoh: Police in Ri Bhoi District have seized a large quantity of heroin worth T.14 crore from a Night Super Bus coming from Manipur to Shillong at 5 pm this morning.
Mawkyrwat, June 29: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Ranikor Unit has demanded that the BSNL tower in Ranikor should be provided or implemented. C&RD Block Ranikor so that the residents of the area will not face any problems in terms of mobile phones.
Jowai: War East MDC Gillroy Tariang has donated 300 byrni to different villages for the distribution to the poor in the War East MDC Constituency.
Rajya Sabha MP Dr WR Kharlukhi, Jowai North MDC Brightstar Chyrmang, Mukhla Wahiajer, Ailad Bhoi, Sohmynting Khliehtyrshi and Lakhon Dkhar were present at the launch. The meeting was conducted by Octomewot Lamin, NPP President, West Jaintia Hills in the presence of Alan Niangti, LD Lakiang and others.
It is believed that the migration of these ethnic groups to India from these three countries is on the grounds that these ethnic groups have been discriminated against by other ethnic groups or by the government in these countries.
Other speakers on the occasion included Bah P Tmung, President Ryndia Growers Association, Iba Mallai, Proprietor of KINIHO. produce these handicrafts from this village.
Shillong, November 09 : The North East Students' Organization (NSU) has decided to hold a flag raising ceremony in public places in seven states of Meghalaya. in the northeast of the country on the 11th of this month.
The disease has now spread to 75 out of 77 districts in the country, the health department said.
Regarding drug addicts, we need the help of the village authorities and their families to eradicate the trafficking,” said Prestone.
Shillong, June 26: The Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Tuesday said that if the state government has decided to implement the Roster System from previous years or retrospectively, it has to ensure that The roster of registers and the roster of accounts shall be prepared accurately and in accordance with the provisions of the Act.
Tang wei shows where you are.
Many of them want Kong Badaiolin Lyngdoh Nonglait to contest the MLA election from this constituency.
The District Awards were presented to Mr. Hubert Thyrniang, MSc (Physics) Assistant Teacher, Govt.
Because the prices of hospitals need to be adjusted with the knowledge of the government.
Therefore, the Seng is very sorry for this, because the Seng will not violate any laws from the Village Leaders, Raij Leaders, or Elaka, but the Seng will continue to implement them. and this organization does not predict but will appear at any time and in any place.
The race was divided into two groups for men and women and the race will start at 5 pm from Mawmaram and end at The distance is 10 km from Mot Tirot Square in Mairang Mission.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, while talking to reporters.
“I have heard that those in power are also thnum and this is wrong, when there is a hand to appoint leaders, so according to the customs and traditions of independent governance, we will appoint leaders who have responsibility as I'm a political party,” said Dr Mukul Sangma.
"Modi looked out for those who were suffering," he said.
Shillong, November 6: Anthony Kharbuli, a close friend of Bull N Lyngdoh and former Vice President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), was released on bail from the Chief Judicial Magistrate's Court this evening.
He said that there are 465 rural areas where the government will provide drinking water through the FHTC. The JJM scheme is scheduled for 2024 and the Central Government has directed the State Government to complete the scheme before the end of this year.
Shillong, Lber 23: The EJNC-Central (EJNC-Central) has arrested a foreigner who is also the owner of a hotel in Lad-Rymbai. Council, together with the leaders of HANM-EJH, HNYF-EJZ, HYC-WJC, WJNC, went to meet the owner of the hotel to find out the truth. He said that on the night of the 19th of this month; Two persons entered his hotel with the intention of robbing, but at that time there was a misunderstanding between him and the members of the party. They shot him and left without any intention to kidnap the owner of the hotel.
“On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has promised to look into this matter although he has not yet given any promises,” said Samla Forwardman.
The party also strongly criticized the MDA government for the smuggling of coal, where the revenue that should have been received by the government has reached the private sector. hundreds and thousands of crores.
However, the Shnon has appointed about 20 or 25 elders to guard and protect the households.
It is useless to win elections because the power lies in the majority of the people and not only in those leaders who have only a few votes.
Speaking to media, Rakkam said that the roads in Garo Hills from Baghmara, Nogaon to Dalu especially the National Highway have started to collapse, which has caused problems to the people of the area.
In the past few days, we have seen that there are private individuals and exploiters who have disrupted the society by disrupting the meetings of political parties which has resulted in injuries.
This goal encouraged the team under the leadership of Bah Sumar-lang Swer (coach) to not allow the opponent to turn and by the end of the first half they were 1-1 0 col.
Shillong, Nailur 23 : UDP Vice President Allantry Franklin Dkhar on Tuesday said that it is unpleasant that MP and MPCC President Vincent H Pala has been accusing the government without facts.
“If one vehicle is passing, one coming from the other side will have to stop on the side of the road because the width of this road is only 10 meters as it is old,” said Bah Thomlin.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 08: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongstoin Circle under the leadership of Samla Olivertwist Marngar and Samla Wilson Marthong Assistant Secretary, have arrested foreigners who came to smuggle tin jot without permits.
The closing ceremony of the tournament was held at the Red Horn Auditorium, Umroi Military Station in the presence of spectators, including martial arts fighters from all over the state, officers, invitees from the army stationed. in Umroi with the children.
He said that the residents of the area have suffered a lot despite the fact that every year they maintain the road, but as soon as the rain comes, it has deteriorated twice because it is a landlocked area.
Some of those who have already spoken such as Bah Morning Mawsor, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor and others who have not yet expressed their confidence and readiness to contest from the new political party.
The farmers have not received financial assistance for many reasons, she said.
The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District has also banned the construction of houses along the National Highway-40 and the dumping of coal along the road.
He said that there are many electricity boarding posts which have been damaged and could collapse at any time if these posts are not repaired immediately.
Another reason why Meghalaya failed to qualify was because West Bengal beat Delhi 1-0
Will God once again restore, recreate and improve the destroyed and destroyed universe? Let us take part with God in solving the problems of this age for the good of the present and future generations.
They are from Mawranglang village.
“We have also lodged a complaint against the violence of those people who attended the NPP rally against the people just because of the shouting of the VPP slogan,” he said.
He said that by 2020, India will be the youngest country in the world and by 2022, there will be up to 50 million jobs to be employed by the youth and students of this state should make the most of this upcoming opportunity.
Look at the goodness of these people during the elections.
The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, inaugurated the Mawser Market in October last year in the presence of MDC Donkupar Sumer and EM in charge of the market Hadrian Lyngdoh. , Nongpoh MDC Rona Khymdeit, Mawshynrut MDC, Minister K. Langstieh, Mylliem Hima, Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs and the people of the area.
You see, they say there are 40 samples, while from Andhra Pradesh there are only 4 species – Rohu, Katla, Roopchanda and Pangas...the other 36 are from them, but during the ban...only the fish from Andhra Pradesh ," he said.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) will hold a meeting soon to find out the reasons for the defeat of the Congress candidate in the Lok Sabha MP elections.
Scholar : you are a scientist, you are a scientist; tih is not puh and not bright ; sani is not exactly right.
Don't you know what religion you're talking about?2
During these 1290 days, there will be a terrible event on this earth.
Damansani Kharsahnoh (41') scored the first goal for Kharang.
The seventh part is, 'La buried,' which means that His wishes were fulfilled according to the will of His Holy Father," said Sohblei Thongni.
He said that the National Legal Services Authority (NALSA) was established under the Legal Services Authorities Act, 1987 with the aim of raising awareness among the people on the rights they should have and to ensure that such people do not duh their rights.
Nelson Rymbai (16) scored the first goal for Lumshnong.
This is not the first time that Anjan has been arrested, but earlier in 2014, a complaint was lodged at Shillong Sadar Police Station, alleging that the same person was involved in the theft of money worth T.19,50,0 de cheats at different rates.
This increase in price has also affected the contractors who work on various types of works which have to use nar rod, prek, dewbilat and others.
Tura, Jymmang 12 : The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of West Garo Hills District, Ram Singh, has directed the SP to investigate into the smuggling of cows through the district.
These ministers expressed their surprise when they arrived at the site and found that from the beginning of the forest to the end of the forest there were only graves and boundaries. display along with a statement clearly stated to be the knowledge of the various churches.
The purpose of this meeting was to ensure that the Garo language gets recognition.
Shillong: U Minister in charge of PHE, Bah Renikton Tongkhar, today said that under the Jal Jeevan Mission, the Central Government has approved an allocation of T.415 crore for the project. 300 schemes for 500 villages covering more than 46,000 households.
He said that in the upcoming Meghalaya Games, volleyball should be one of the sports that should be included because this talent should be taken forward.
The Deputy Commissioner of the District, A Baranwal, said that a team led by Bah J Shylla, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, together with a team of police from the Office of the Superintendent of Police, said that these coke factories were destroyed. The District Chief Minister said that this step was taken in implementation of Office Order No: EJHD/GENL.
We have shown commitment, for at least three-four months, we have been responsible for the welfare of the members, we have been responsible for their safety and there has been no attempt to arrest them, why do you still have fear or doubt?” he asked.
“Conrad is a man who has eyes, but he does not see and he has ears but he cannot hear the demands of many people,” he said.
Hundreds of Muster Rolls from all over the country attended the meeting.
Until now, no one has claimed whether the bodies were from Bihar or Uttar Pradesh.
Speaking on the occasion, the Governor congratulated the ICCR for bringing together foreign students to showcase their way of life and culture to others. understanding of other countries and cultures from which they come.
This is a necessary program that brings together different people involved in different activities such as the Global Stocktake, and areas related to economic and energy security in relation to Paris Agreed.
Through the Executive Committee meeting held on the 25th, the full office bearers of the UDP Umroi Circle, have also sent a letter to the President of the UDP Central Body, which is also a request to the leaders. The party leaders should stop such news outlets, which try to create division within the party in Umroi Circle.
However, the government lawyer, who is in court, said that the police have worked hard to track down the people involved in this smuggling, but because the smugglers are more In front of those from outside the state, it is more difficult for them to be arrested because they have fled.
They don't have enough understanding yet, but they want to go to a new class.
From what I remember, this is the second Christmas celebration under the leadership of the current Governor and I assume that this time, it is bigger than last year. I didn't come to take part.
That great man or false Christ will enter Israel and his purpose is to destroy, but he will pretend to be righteous and Israel will make a covenant of peace (because Israel is now too powerful) and he will be allowed When he allowed them to build the Third Temple near the Dome of Rock, the Jews or Israelites would rebuild it, and within 3 1⁄2 years the Jews were allowed to sacrifice red heifers according to the custom of their ancestors.
On this occasion, the union said that Union Minister Rajen Gohain, who is also the Parliamentary Secretary, wants clarification from the Central Vigilance Commissioner (CVC) to know about the Other Back Ward Class. OBC).
Nongpoh 17, Naiwieng: The residents of Madan Umwang village in Raid Nongtung have been delighted to see the state police visiting the village to investigate and encourage them on the attack by the Assam police. in this city.
She also urged the residents not to throw garbage but to throw it in the right places and urged the residents to be honest and quick to give space to the garbage. District Administration to dispose of garbage from markets and public places so that markets and villages are clean.
The 9th Badminton Championships 2023 will be held on the 11th of November 2023 at the Indoor Stadium Mawkyrwat.
What are these things that Jesus said? First he spoke in the parable of the fig tree which represents the land of Israel.
This will continue until the state reaches its 50th anniversary.
“We are waiting for the right time and we will not support the UDP in this election from Ranikor,” he said.
After some people went to the forest and saw this old man sitting on the top of the riat, all the villagers came down to explain and help, but surprisingly, this old man He didn't believe them and threatened the villagers that if they came to help him, he would drag them into the night and at about 8 pm he went into the night, he said. chief of the village.
The volunteers and organizers of this tournament have worked hard to prepare everything.
Shillong: The semifinal of the 4th Kiw Sing Memorial Football Tournament 2020 between Iaikyrsoi Mawkajem and Challenger Lawsohtun was very interesting. The players of Iaikyrsoi Mawkajem worked hard and managed to score the first goal in the 12th minute by Bhakupar Rynjah. Julicious Khonglah scored the first goal in the 62nd minute and in the 66th minute, Bhakupar Rynjah scored the second goal.
Shillong, Lber 22: West Khasi Hills District Cricket Association (MIC) has started its U-23 Women's Inter District Cricket Tournament with a victory. Sildamicresha Marbaniang scored a century and Abiezer Kharsyiem took four wickets in the first leg of the tournament on Saturday. and in Nongstoin.
In another match, Dulong beat FAM 4-3 in a tie-breaker after a 1-1 draw.
" Tdot and my mother didn't give me a chance.
Even though Deepika often faces criticism from Sonam, she works and does what she has to do and doesn't take anything for granted.
Recent decisions, such as the extension of the distribution of food items under the Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Anna Yojana for another five years, show the Government's commitment.
Shillong, March 26: A two-day exhibition will start tomorrow at Sohra to mark the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav.
He said that after the presidential election, the political situation in the state will be very tense and if Meira gets less votes from the Congress-ruled state, the party will be in turmoil. good.
Shillong: After one of the children of a senior employee of the university tested positive for COVID-19, the education department of the university has issued a notice to The NEHU Administrative Building where this employee works should be closed immediately.
In KHADC, there is no ruling party because most of the EMs are MDCs and the CEM is without a party since he was expelled from the Congress.
The General Secretary of the KSU, NKHD, Samla Lambok Rymbai, Bah K. Khongsdam, Rangbah Shnong of Lumbyrhing, Bah K.Khongsdam, Rangbah Shnong of Lumbyrhing, members of the KSU KSU and the residents of the village.
Nongpoh: On the election of Ma Dasakhiatbha Lamare as MLA and especially now that he has become a Minister, U Dasakhiatbha Lamare, on Tuesday said that he would like to thank the parents of Ma Dasakhiatbha Lamare. u, who have taken good care of him and guided him until he became an MLA and how much more so that he has now become the Minister in charge of Fishery and PWD Building in the State Government.
The team has collected and recorded up to 25 species of plants, 9 species of vegetables and wild foods and 5 species of medicinal plants.
The Seng hopes that this Behdieñkhlam celebration of the children of the Seiñraij Jowai will be a successful one so that they can get health and improve their income and education. This is the once a year feast, as it was done in the days of old.
On the same day, the new office bearers of the three working groups were confirmed by Bah Metbah Lyngdoh and the new office bearers of the Democratic Party (UDP) Mawsynram Circle were confirmed by Bah Olan. Sing Suiñ, General Secretary Rock Chester Thongni and other office bearers including Suly Lyngdoh, Ring Nongsiej, Tan Wanniang and Lomes Marbaniang as Advisors.
Furthermore, rumors have started circulating regarding his career in the team and also that the player is in the midst of a struggle to return to the EPL. and Newcastle United.
There are many opportunities for the government to provide assistance to the farmers but the government has not been able to track exactly how these assistance reaches the farmers.
That is why he cried out for Jerusalem, “O Jerusalem, Jerusalem! ...... how often would I have gathered thy children together, even as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not" Matthew 23:3
The Sports Authority of India (SAI) Training Centre, Shillong on 14th June launched a talent identification program under the Khelo India Rising Talent Hunt (KIRTI-My Bharat). ), at Shillong Public School.
However, after a while, it was learned that it is the police's responsibility to check the speed and promptness of the police in the area to provide assistance in case of such an incident.
Other parties in the state have no reason to criticize the BJP, but they are spreading false stories to mislead the people, saying that if they support the BJP, it will bring harm to the Christians, but “This is an unfounded allegation,” said the BJP leaders in the state.
The bseiñ was seen by children turning its body and raising its large head along the road to feed.
Thakur, who is also the president of the Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha, said, “They have faced these problems every day and for years. the issue of the North East, and to reach a conclusion on how to take a decision".
We will hold a meeting tomorrow to discuss with the project implementing department, the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Secretariat and all the design teams from Delhi, who will arrive if not tonight, maybe tomorrow morning. " don't say.
“We are looking for ways to reduce traffic jam in Shillong,” said the Principal Secretary.
" Kong Cresency Lyngdoh urged everyone to have the spirit of giving and helping the poor during this time of economic crisis due to the lockdown to fight against the spread of Coronavirus across the country .
These vessels, which operate according to Artificial Intelligence, are designed to combat water pollution by identifying the most polluted areas.
Referring to the emergence of illegal oil companies in the state, SOMALA said that the recruitment of foreign employees by the companies is illegal and against the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
Another constituency of the incumbent MLA, Bah Titos, is from Khlieh Shnong, Sohra but the departure of Bah Bantei Rumnong will affect the MLA of this constituency.
In the second leg, Nongkrem beat Langsning 0-9
Finally, the poet Soso Tham explains that even though they knew and understood the value of the wisdom and understanding of our ancestors, they didn't care. ,kim can snap ei ei ei that word.
Speaking to media, Lajong FC head coach Bobby L Nongbet said that he is very happy for the team after two consecutive victories and to continue this match. TRAU FC will play against TRAU FC on Saturday (25th November).
Prof Adrian Gombart of the Linus Pauling Institute of Oregon State University, who was involved in the research, said: “This research is very useful even though we still need to analyze and conduct the research in man.
He said that he has sent the complaint to Delhi but NEHU has not yet submitted a report on the RTI.
If the strike does not succeed, the next day, on the 28th of this month, all ASHAs from all districts of the State will take part in the strike,” said the President of the ASHA. Kong Myrsing also congratulated the ASHA workers who have organized Peace Rally in different districts as well as the Sengbhalang and Rangbah Shnongs of different villages who have accompanied and participated in the Peace Rally. gave support to the ASHAs in the first phase.
He said that when the police could not disperse the crowd by sprinkling water, they fired tear gas and lathi bombs.
Explaining the allegation of corruption between the MPDA and MMPO, Dr Mukul said that the MPDA is not a law passed by the present government, but what the government has done is only a law. amendments to further improve the law as it stands.
On the other hand, the union has demanded from the district of Karbi Anglong to look after the Khasi Pnars living in the district. They demand money from our fellow citizens and even the money they have already taken should be returned to the owners who have been demanded, otherwise the party will not hesitate to return the Karbi villages. within the border of Meghalaya.
Kitborlang Nongrem said that the VPP spokesperson has accused the Government of corruption and has made MLAs bulldozers as well as on the Reservation Policy which he has opposed to the Garo people. Balia Syiangsdih is also the one who is accused of being beaten here and there because the person who wears the Musari doesn't even have the opportunity to be beaten but those who work in the fields of Sai are thousands. all kinds of diseases came.
Therefore, we request you to consider our request with the same stick to include the Garo Language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India,” said Momin.
The opening ceremony was opened by Bah Tisosstarwell Chyne, MLA who was the Chief Guest. In the presence of the Office Bearers and Members of the Khasi Authors' Society, Teachers of Schools and Colleges of Sohra, Members of the Managing Committee of these three schools Thomas Jones, Pastor and Judges of Mawmluh Presbyterian Church, Sirdar of Mawmluh, leaders of NGOs of the area and friends.
In sports, the youth of the village have taken part well even though they don't have adequate grounds.
The polling parties of the 5-Sutnga Saipung Assembly Constituency (ST) and the 6-Khliehriat Assembly Constituency, also carried EVMs and Verifiable Voters. Paper Audit Trails (VVPATs), along with all the necessary equipment at the polling stations and were accompanied by security teams until they reached the polling stations safely.
The village was shocked by the sound of bombs, tangmuri and chew chew along with the sound of laughter.
Thus, we have not escaped the Shalyntem of Time which has gradually changed the behavior of the Jaitbynriew.
Speaking on the occasion, Purohit said, “I have just assumed office as Governor, I will fight as much as I can especially when I have only one goal which is to develop Meghalaya in all aspects”.
“The time has come to turn Jowai into a Smart Town and this will only happen if the government is willing to invest in development projects for the benefit of Jowai as a whole.
In addition, at the same time, when there is a fire, fire trucks can come to collect water from the area.
“This census shows that the majority are Khasi Jaintia, but the members of these communities have not received much share according to the Reservation Policy.
There are rooms that don't have network, so you're in the corner of the house and if the authorities don't have OT and you don't get a message, you're on your smartphone.
This is according to a statement issued by the President of KSU Laskein Circle, Samla Balawan Suchiang and Samla Javeline Shadap.
She said that in the Constitution there are two laws on citizenship and that is Article 5 and Article
Forty-seven years have passed in secular India by the wisdom of those who drafted the Constitution. There is no desire for anyone, whether Muslim or Christian, to secede from India. that the faith of others should not be a threat to them.
An American soldier fell in love with a Frenchwoman when they met during World War II, but they could not imagine meeting again (as it happened) in the few days of ladep, which was after 75 years and immediately said “I still love you”.
Shillong: The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya has issued a public notice banning the carrying of mobile phones inside the polling station on 27/2/2023 for all voters.
On the other hand, Travis is happy that the people of this country do not recognize him because he can walk freely without being harassed anywhere and that people walk their own path.
Lambert Thyrnaing, Lamshwa Wanniang, Banshemphang Shangdiar and Mejiedkyrpang Pariong were awarded prizes for the best participants while the women were awarded prizes. the Kharajahrin, the Kharjahrin and the Wahlang.
Assam itself, as it has become clear from time to time, wants to exercise its authority over the land of the people of Langpih as a whole”.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Marbaniang congratulated the President of the Club for his hard work in establishing this club in the district.
The 3rd division receives T.600 per annum, the 2nd division receives T.1200 and the 1st division receives T.2400 per annum.
He said that parents and teachers as well as the school should have a responsibility for the future of the children.
The Minister encouraged and motivated the children to play well and work hard so that they can reap the fruits of victory.
On the same day, the union has sent back all the foreign workers to their places of origin.
The Syiem and the Ministers also agreed to implement this by allowing the farmers to work from 2 pm to 2 pm while the vendors after 2 pm.
The body of Bankyntiewdor Pdahkasiej was recovered at 6:00 pm on Tuesday morning by a driver of a commercial vehicle from Mawkyrwat to Shillong. The body of Bakordor Lyngdoh Mawphlang was recovered by the Search and Rescue Team of the Fire and Emergency Service at about 6:30 pm.
What will you do for the promotion of tourism when the nation has been destroyed and the land has been destroyed?
The Jan Bhagidarui Event is a program held across the states of the country to provide training on the goals of the G20, NEP, FLN which started from 1st July 2023 and will end on on July 15, 2023.
In the 18-year-old women's 3000m race, Ibarisha Kharwanniang of Jakrem Presbyterian HSS came second, Jesica Wanniang of Nativity Higher SSM came second and Balakyrmenshisha Ramsiej of Tenset Secondary School, Sakwang came third.
Does this mean that the Khasi people are women? The nation has passed from being a refugee nation to being a resident nation, from the time of war between the Khasi: Sohra against Khyrim, Shangpung against Jowai, Sutnga against Raliang, Maram against Mawïang, etc.
In the midst of death, On the other side of the river, When the sun goes down, The disease will disappear.
Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency in his speech, expressed the hope that through the implementation of the NEP, he believes that it can bring about many changes in the improvement of education in the state.
He said that the government will take steps to ensure that the project of SICPAC will be handed over to the state government.
Shillong, October 7: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has proposed the name of South Shillong MLA Bah Paul Lyngdoh as its candidate for the Lok Sabha constituency.
And it came to pass, when the angels went away from them into heaven, the shepherds said one to another, Let us now go even unto Bethlehem, and see this thing that is come to pass, which the Lord hath made known unto us" (Luke 2:13).
I am not speaking to discourage, but we must look at the truth and think how we can do it.
There is a saying that "God will not destroy any nation but it is the leaders of that nation who will destroy it"
Dr Werlok said the union has also discussed with the government the delay in issuing the order to release the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) Building Act for the land outside the Municipal. this work has been pending for three years.
Ganga, the BJP leader in Bihar, has been appointed as the new Lat after five months of appointment by Banwarilal Purohit following the resignation of V Shanmuganathan.
Passah said they will wait for the minister's promise within 10 days to see what the government will do on this.
The theme of the celebration is “Respect, Freedom and Justice”.
They said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has already explained to them that the selection process for the companies for the smart meters is also in a clean and transparent manner.
Thomas Passah, spokesperson of the HBDRF, said that the gate in Khanduli was brought by the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council at a time when the two states were trying to resolve the issue. and it is not a cross that has existed since ancient times.
"In the Bri U Hynniewtrep, the struggle for self-government did not begin only in the 1950s or 60s, but the struggle for self-government began with the establishment of the Khasi National Dorbar. on September 4,
There has been a stir across the state and the country when they heard that the Government has imposed a 21 day lockdown to prevent the spread of Corona Virus.
Perfusionist and L Dkhar with the assistance and support of Nurses from CTVS-ICU and CTVS Ward.
In this place, there is a stone called 'Mawshohsyoiñ', the stone on which the Nonglyngkien Lyngdoh found the 'Jingtem Kyndoh'
In a statement, MEMA President Kyrmen Uriah urged the Chief Minister of Assam and the Minister of Home Affairs to punish those involved.
The office bearers of the EJNC-Deiñsatlang Unit who were confirmed on this occasion include the President, Bah Nishwa Phniaw.
The distribution meeting was held on the second day of the month at Sohparu LP School in the presence of Babu Phastarwell Lyngdoh, Member MC of all RKM Schools in Meghalaya, Maharaj Swami Sita Marananda, members and office bearers of RKM Sohra, elders of the area and others.
She said that the department has claimed that about 95% of the work has been completed, but after the inspection they found that only about 75% of the work has been completed.
This is how it is now and you don't know what will happen in 6 months or so.
The RT-PCR test is required for those entering the state and those who have completed both tests will have to show it at the entry point.
This came after Umshangïar beat Chutwakhu while Moodymmai beat Hills United Cricket Club.
Shillong, June 20: U Bah PT Sawkmie, former MLA of Mawlai constituency, on Tuesday said that he will continue to monitor the implementation of the schemes that he has implemented during his tenure as MLA of the constituency.
A complaint was lodged at Tura Police Station and a case was registered.
The President of the UDP said that since 2008, he is confident to contest the elections and the first thing is that if he has doubts, the people also doubt.
A wallet was dropped on December 20 while getting out of a taxi at Lad Wah Nangbah, Jowai.
This discovery was made after the union has worked hard to find evidence and monitor crime, especially the spread of drug traffickers and drug users in Nongstoiñ.
The hard work of this poet has promoted the Khasi language and he is considered to be the greatest writer in the history of literature in Meghalaya. schools and colleges.
In addition to providing quality services to customers, Eicher is also looking forward to providing customers with access to transparent services through the My Eicher app.
They alleged that the Acting Syiem has only gathered the Executive Members whom he can convince.
I found myself working with him for a few months and after a while he left the party to join the NPP and after a while he left the NPP to join the BJP. "He is a man who turns his head and cannot be trusted," he said.
Condemning the shooting incident on Tuesday night in Imphal East district which resulted in the deaths and injuries of several civilians – u The Minister said that the incident was an illegal act by the armed groups.
Another information he received was on his request for a copy of the Mylliem Syiemship Act 1958 which states that 23 kurs including the Kharbuki kur cannot sit inside the Hima office but can come. The Dorbar shall be held only if there is an election of the Syiem or if the authority of the Syiem is given.
According to him, the bloodless protest will not work unless the perpetrators have the spirit of peace.
Lerry Sangma top scored with 34 runs from 25 balls with two fours and two sevens.
The Minister also explained that the government's approach to selecting local entrepreneurs and providing financial assistance to them in the tourism sector is clear.
Jesus said, “Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit; cannot enter into the kingdom of God" John 3:5
Kharshiing also sought information under the Right to Information Act (RTI) on the incident to find out what caused the sudden fire.
When it grows, it will end quickly.
A meeting was held at Madanriting Police Station with all the ethnic groups from Gangte, Meitei and Kuki in the presence of village leaders.
He said dozens of villages have been affected in the Jirang constituency including Pamumsylliang, Umshalini, Rani, Gonpati, Jalpaham, Matang, Jirang, Umsohpai and others.
Shillong, Nailur 13: Meghalaya has produced 30 lakh tonnes of sying in the last three years from 2010 to 2015, according to the estimates provided by the state government.
The party also invites those who have not yet joined the party to join the party, said president Bah Nonglait.
The team, which won the title in 2011, started controlling the ball from the start of the game and became a threat to Norway, and only after 15 minutes of half-time. Japan scored the first goal of the match through Ingrid Engen who tried to save the ball from Hinata Miyazawa.
In his 50-minute speech, Modi spoke in English and Hindi.
This has affected the income of the people in the past years, but the High Level has not helped the people.
Garo Hills will never forget the incident of 30th November, in which nine people lost their lives”.
Maruti produced only 1,11,370 vehicles in April this year, compared to 1,68,725 vehicles in the same month last year.
Nongpoh: The Umsning Dorbar Shnong Proper A and the Umsning Youth Association of Umsning Proper A, have alleged that the reason for the collapse of the International Trade Fair in Umsning, The Trade Fair was held in Umsning.
Therefore, after finding that the company does not have the necessary documents and especially the Trading License, the union has given 10 days to the company to provide it and if it cannot provide it, 10 days, which means that the organization will take the necessary action or take other legal action.
The BSF troops signaled them to stop the vehicle but the drivers drove the vehicle to Umkiang village.
The first list will be released at 4.30 am on Tuesday," BCCI sources said. They include captain Rohit Sharma, Ravindra Jadeja, Ishan Kishan, Shubman Gill, Mohammad Shami, KS Bharat and Ajinkya Rahane.
The current term of the Legislature ends October 15th.
Referring to Khliehriat, the constituency led by UDP MLA Kyrmen Shylla has been quiet since the day Bah Nehlang announced that he will contest on the NPP ticket. Undoubtedly, the contest will be very interesting as both the parties are in power in the current state government.
Fortunately, the family of Kong Niañ Nongbri (who doesn't eat kwai in the neighboring village of Ksanrngi) is still cultivating this variety.
The knowledge in the country cannot be stable while the nation is cultivating in this way.
The union also demanded that the government should look into the decision of the Meghalaya High Court, Justice SR Sen, which has ruled illegal. The State Government has issued a Permanent Residential Certificate.
The first public meeting of the CBU was held on 6 October
In the case of football (men only) under the SAI, Residential & Non Residential Scheme, the tournament will be held at SAI Ground, NEHU Campus Shillong, from 20th to 23rd November. , the time will be from 8 pm for those over 10 years and under 14 years, and also for those over 15 years and 18 years and below.
In the first set, Tynnai SC scored 25 sets and Jerlang SC 19 sets. In the second set, Tynnai SC scored 23 sets and Jerlang SC scored 25 sets. Tynnai SC scored 13 points while Jerlang SC scored 24 points.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Rituraj Ravi said that several unidentified robbers attacked a group of contractors inside a construction site in Mawlai Mawroh.
"The storm was very strong and even destroyed the parking lots," said Ranjana Narayan, one of the journalists.
On the other hand, we have demanded that the names should be registered in the villages and through the Dorbar Shnongs and the Government has done as demanded.
Speaking to media, Kenedy C Khyriem, President of the Association, said that the detection of water in the petrol is due to the fact that the petrol contains ethanol. clean 10%.
During the investigation, the union found that the Mawlasnai Primary Health Center has many shortcomings in terms of providing health care to the residents of Mawlasnai and also to those in Block-2 Marjan villagers who come to get medicine at this Primary Health Centre.
In the case of JHADC, there are no more than 32 members, including 2 nominees and 30 others who will be elected through the election.
Nongñiah fled the scene and left the election team with injuries including Chesan who sustained head injuries.
The Government of India has imposed a curfew for more than two months and in these two months, no one has gone to work or earn money, but has been sitting and eating and only the expenses. and at such a time, it is up to MeEPDCL, to have that compassion and to forgive, the electricity bill of the people, for the past two months, because if it happens that it is pressing for payment (besides having calculated a low price), so there will be many who will be deducted from electricity, in the coming months.
This is my belief in Christianity".
Job Cards cannot be canceled on the grounds that the employee is not eligible for the APBS. Under the Mahatma Gandhi NREGS, the APBS has been in operation since
Today, Umiam received 26.4 mm of rainfall, Shillong received only 1.2 mm and Sohra received no rainfall.
Ahlawat will be a promising player for Arunachal Pradesh where Meghalaya need to score early on Friday.
For example, the villages should take, that many of the houses in the city, are under lockdown and these are only those places, where there are confirmed cases of corona or where there are cases. close to those who are sick and it is no longer the old law, which banned the healthy, at a time when even the corona virus has not yet known its way into Ri Khasi.
Shillong, July 9: The Chairperson of the State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights, Meena Kharkongor, on Tuesday urged the public to come forward if they find or encounter child abuse.
The Forest Survey of India has developed the Van Agni Geo platform to provide access to information related to forest fires where large fires can be viewed at any time.
The program will be held over two days: 26 and 27 November
Speaking at an election campaign at Uluberia in Howrah district, Shah said, “Mamata Didi has said that if the BJP comes to power, she will stop implementing the this scheme.
The rich got richer, the poor, got poorer.
“Hooid kein... It's been a long time since I've been here...” said Bahnah.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Shylla said that many issues related to how to revive the jaitbynriew in the customs and traditions and how to protect it by taking advantage of many laws. The Constitution of India has granted independence through the 6th Schedule.
“We have written to the state government to increase the tax from 25% to 35% and we hope that it will be increased.
The fourth is what the MDCs of Garo Hills want and want and they have given pressure to their Chief Minister to extend it for their benefit.
Snow White, D Lerry Sumer, Swetlana Pohtam and DJ D Bryan will also perform at the fete.
East Khasi Hills has 547 cases including 217 high risk contacts, 82 ILI cases, 8 cases in Laban, 3 cases in Laitkor, 6 cases in Laitumkhrah, 4 cases in Lapalang, 7 cases in Madanryting, 304 cases in Mawlai. cases in Mawphlang, 3 cases in Mawprem, 4 cases in Nongmali, 9 cases in Nongmynsong, 5 cases in Nongrah, 6 cases in Nongrim, 32 cases in Nongthymmai, 6 cases in Police, 6 cases in Police Bazaar, 4 cases in Rilbong, students from Smit, 14 students from Upper Shillong and 2 students from Women's College.
“We have seen that many PHCs in our State are only 10 kilometers or 15 kilometers away from one PHC to another.
Will the MBOSE change its syllabus to match the NCF syllabus? Who will be responsible for this if there is a change through the announcement of the NCF? ? said the statement.
“It is unfortunate that in the last elections, we saw that the people wanted to change but because there were no misunderstandings, there were parties that went to the people without hesitation.
To conclude this message I will recall Jesus' teaching about two worshipers of God (Lk 18:9-14) – a Pharisee and a tax collector who went up to the Temple together to pray.
If the victim is not breathing, they should provide assistance by giving air through the mouth or any other means of assistance.
This was spoken to Peter three times.
“Bah HDR Lyngdoh has been a hardworking legislator who has a goal to achieve the aspirations of the people and for that reason we are confident that the people will achieve the aspirations of Bah Don. “I won this election in Sohiong,” he added.
However, what is surprising to the people is that the opposition political parties especially the Voice of the People Party (VPP) which used to speak for the nation from various platforms have not been invited to give their speeches. support through the media even if they cannot attend the sit-in in Delhi.
There are two parts of politics. FIRST, for those who are intelligent, far-sighted, intelligent, proficient and strong in political thinking, politics is the "JINGPHRANG IA KA JABIENG" knowledge, vision, understanding, prosperity and weakness in political thinking is the "HATRED IN LIFE"
This failure of the former EC has affected the good works that the EC has done.
"Earlier in this World Cup qualifier, Uruguay beat Brazil 1-0
Shillong: U Saleng Sangma, State President of the National Congress Party (NCP) on Tuesday asked the former leaders of the state whether it is Mukul Sangma, DD Lapang, BB Lyngdoh or Capt. WA Sangma, that they are not willing to resolve the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
However, according to the resolution, Purno won in all constituencies except Mukul's constituency in Ampati, Mahandraganj in Mukul's constituency in Dikanchi Shira and Clement R Marak's constituency in Sesella. and all of them were picked up by Mukul.
The breeds of syiar are divided into two broad groups :-.
Jowai, July 23: Police today recovered the body of Joit Singh Suna from Mukhla village in West Jaintia Hills District.
However, due to the bad weather, we couldn't land in the area and had to return,” said James.
Kyiv: Russia's war on Ukraine has reached its 21st day today, with Ukraine claiming to have killed another Russian general.
He said that the people are happy but they don't understand that the Modi Government has given but at the same time it has turned around in another way by increasing the price of goods.
Look at the placement of the headdress and the covering of the robe.
Jubanlak said that agriculture, income, health, education and others have been counted on.
Besides, he said that the staff working in this department and all the necessary facilities are not available.
The feet of farm workers can also carry the disease from one place to another.
The chief guest on the occasion was Babu SS Majaw, Khasi Author's Society, Bah WHD Syngkon Rangbah Shnong Mawkhar. The Principal of St. Edmund's College, Babu Sylvanus Lamare, was also present.
The Indian Super League (ISL) team is in Group B of the Durand Cup and will play its first match against Mumbai FC on 8th July.
He said the PWD department wants to complete the construction of the Umling-Patharkhmah road as soon as possible and the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has called a tender for the construction of the Umling-Patharkhmah road. The bridge at Dwar Ksuid has been repaired and the work will start next month.
The shooting competition was held in Bhopal, India from 20 to 31 October
It is interesting to see and see that if there are any kinds of equipment that are no longer useful but are able to stand without being removed, how much more so in places that have been sanctified and respected. him.
John Kharshiing said, "If you don't know, don't worry.
In the Under-14 category, St. Peter's HSS, Rev. JJM Nichol's Roy SS, Nongstoiñ Public School SS, St. Anthony's SS Jaidoh, Geri Memo SS, New Nongstoin SS, Lurmangkara SS and Donbosco SS Mawkhlam.
He was also the President of the North Eastern Hills University Students' Union (NEHUSU) (2014-2015) before taking over the post of General Secretary of the PDF. He won the MDC election from Mawphlang-Diengiei Constituency in 2019 and lost by only a few hundred votes.
Speaking to reporters, Pawar said there will be some more NCP MLAs who will be sworn in as Ministers in the coming days.
Shillong, Naitung 16: U Bah J. Chyrmang, Range Forest Office (T), has lodged a complaint with the Khliehriat Police Station that on the 13th of this month at 9 pm, the employees of the department have received a New Delhi, Naipark 16: The BJP today arrested two Bangladeshis, Md. Abdulalit and Amin Hussain, while they were cutting down trees in Naipark Forest, Block-I. , that it cannot form a government in Delhi, if the Governor, Najeeb Jung, allows it once again.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Mariahom Kharkhrang, on Tuesday said that police have arrested three persons suspected of spreading a video of the rape of Angelbeth L Nongpiur. recently.
At a meeting held at the KSU headquarters in Mawkyrwat, the KSU leaders gave their blessings to Ferdinand despite his hearing disability. After doing these good deeds in the community and especially this time when he will lead the United States in the International Visitor Leadership Program (IVLP) and this has happened. pride for the region, the country and the nation because our brothers and sisters can showcase what they have in other countries.
Shillong, July 16: The Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC) today strongly condemned the Government of India and the State Government for failing to curb the increase in the price of beverages, fuel and petrol. food and other necessities which have caused the poor people to suffer greatly.
“It is only the hard work of the party office bearers who have won the MLAs from the Congress, whether they are group of MLAs who have joined the MDA government and leaders who have left the party but all of them have turned against the Congress”.
I will give other answers to the contractors,” Shivakumar said.
The writer's experience in the past is that people came to ask for money from him, they said you get money please let us pay as you pay, he laughed. and said that he does not have money, and that he does not receive money and does not take money from the candidates.
Shillong: The Hill Farmers Union (HU) has urged the MDCs not to play with the issues of the farmers.
As part of the camp, cultural programs were also held with the participation of students and residents.
“The site selected for the construction of the bridge is now in progress.
The incidents that happened on Thursday have spread all over the state, the region, the country and even to other countries of the world”.
If Meghalaya does not have its own rights, we too cannot accept and accept this path by which these two cases will resolve and strengthen the border between Meghalaya and India. Assam.
Twenty ISIS militants were reportedly killed and dozens more were reported dead.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC, said that the weather conditions are still in such a state that even after many days, it has not happened.
When asked whether the BJP will continue to cooperate with the NPP, despite criticism and shaking hands especially on corruption, even Amit Shah has made it clear that Meghalaya is the most corrupt state, he said. “In the election, it is not surprising, the election is the election, but in the government we work together with what the people know.
After the meeting, in the absence of party office bearers, Joshi said that there has been a protest to demand a new leadership in the Congress but the problem is in the ruling party.
Scorer 7wa.
Terrible anger produces the image of the devil and Satan.
The players who participated in the tournament were from all over Jaintia Hills including Sutnga, Khliehriat, Shangpung, Wahiajer, Darang, Sohkha, ATS and Jowai.
On the other hand, Saleng said that the residents of the area have never received electricity even once, but they have received only bill lights.
Babu W. Gasperly B. Marwein has been the Head Master of United Christian High School since the beginning.
In 47th Rajabala, the Hasina Mandol Congress will contest against Congress MDC Ashahel Shira who joined the UDP to contest from Bom.
Debjanee Bhattacharjee of St Anthony's Higher Secondary School came first in the science stream and Bhanudaya Upadhaya of BBS College came first in the commerce stream.
In the Bangladesh refugee camp, there are already about 2 lakh other Rohingya who had fled there earlier after being detained by Myanmar police and army for allegedly they have strayed from the law.
He said the transfer fee is T.300 per player.
“There is a need to increase the number of schemes to distribute water to all farmland especially the fields and fields, various training programs and encourage farmers to cultivate other crops such as tit, syntiew, soh, slasha. and others", says the article.
The final quarterfinal will be played on the 11th of this month between Jalyiah and Lad Dongwah. In the 3rd Division, Khliehmyntriang SC and Lummyrli SC have reached the quarter final after winning their match against Lad Dongwah. the 16th even.
There are 392 recoveries and 7 deaths.
She also thanked Conrad Sangma for not hesitating to help in the development of Narpuh area by giving the Lumshnong C&RD Block, he also helped in the construction of the border road. The Borser Area JAC also congratulated the leaders and members of the Borser Area JAC for their hard work. Conrad Sangma also released the allocation of T 14 lakh. She said that the construction of a footbridge in Lumphyllut village has helped the residents of Lumphyllut to cross the river. Lumphyllut village near Umkiang.
The Jaintia Fishing and Environmental Association (JFEA), Jowai has banned all fishermen from fishing in certain parts of the Myntdu River from 1st October 2021 until further notice.
The Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said that these remote treatment facilities are a great help to those patients who live in these rural areas where they cannot afford to go for treatment in hospitals.
One of the issues discussed, Conrad said, was to resolve the border dispute, in order to allow the reconciliation talks to move forward.
“I'm waiting for that time and I think you and your mother are more interested in Khasi thapbalieh” said Hiram and put down the phone. And Hiram said unto him, Yea; "Who's knocking on you?" Hiram looked at Ri. "There's no one knocking but your words are sweeter than your hand. artat“Why do you lie to your father?” asked Rikynti. “I don't want to live.
The end of the message is not sent to the organization.
He was responding to a question by the MDC of the Northern Party, Bah Jambor War, who wanted to know the list of Kurs among the Khasi indigenous people.
The NPP and UDP will be the first parties in Jaintia Hills followed by the INC, Independent and PDF. The contest will be between the NPP and the UDP. Collected information from the election campaign, these two brothers are in conflict and it is difficult to know which of the two is the best.
JSU Khliehriat Circle has received a complaint from the Security Guard employees of Best Cement Ltd regarding the delay in paying their salaries for months. Best Cement workers as security guards did not visit the factory.
To promote sports, Bah Kharbuki promised to bring two mini stadiums, to promote tourism in the constituency as these are the ways to increase income.
Others who attended the meeting were FKJGP Mawpud Area Unit Secretary A. Wanniang, FKJGP Mawpud Area Unit President Raynol Thongni and Phremson Thongni.
In another raid, the BSF of the 43rd Battalion, in collaboration with the Meghalaya Police, seized a vehicle near Rongra village on the border, carrying The sugarcane was smuggled to Bangladesh from South Garo Hills, Meghalaya.
It is worth mentioning that the handover of the garbage truck came only two months after the CEM and his team found out the problem of the Hima Mylliem to clean up the garbage due to the shortage of garbage trucks. and also on the complaint of the people that there were too many thieves even in the morning.
The body of the youth was first found by the residents, who immediately informed the Khanapara Police Station. The body of the youth was taken to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for postmortem.
The Minister said that many departments would not have been able to release the funds without a department like the Planning Commission.
There are 30 cases of covid-19 in Assam, 10 cases in Darrang, 6 cases in Lakhimpur District, 7 cases in Cachar and 2 cases in Assam, Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma today said. and Biswanath, 1 and Dhemaji.
Mining of stone, shyiap from Wah Myndtu and other rivers in Jaintia Hills is also prohibited.
The project will be implemented for seven years at a cost of T.344 crore and will be implemented by the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MBDA).
On the same day, the KSU Jowai Unit also held a meeting with the District Council authorities, where the KSU Jowai Unit urged the JHADC to conduct a search of documents from time to time. On the other hand, the Council authorities have promised to continue to investigate against such foreigners who come illegally within the boundary of the JHADC. kynjai without having to satai the courts you need.
The construction of the first phase of the road, which is to demolish the old road and fill it with new stone and soil, has progressed rapidly and the work has reached a distance of about 15 km.
“The committee will look into the complaints and verify the documents of all the candidates.
Such an incident by the BSF is unacceptable,” said Bah Mawthoh.
The RSS has held a weapons surrender on Vijayadashmi as part of the efforts to honor the man who stands up to fight and protect himself, his family and the community from various difficulties and challenges.
The death toll from the coronavirus in the United Kingdom has risen to 209 in the past 24 hours, rising from 1,019 to 1,2 today.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Saturday distributed kymbor to several residents of Padu Bah.
A date has been fixed for the hearing on the 14th of October and if the documents are found to be in accordance with the requirements of the court, a date will be fixed for the hearing. judge this case.
In another incident, at 2:15 pm, police recovered the body of an unidentified man from Jhalupara, Shillong.
Agartala: Tripura Congress General Secretary Pradyot Manikya Debbarma, who recently resigned from his post, has accused AICC General Secretary Luzinho Faleiro of intending to overthrow the party. Senior Congress leaders in the North East, including Mukul Sangma, former Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
But the wise say, 'If you win the step, you win the day.
To lose IAS, IFS, IPS for decades will be a threat tomorrow.
Because why I say that, you will see that they earn lakhs and tens of thousands from exhibitions and trade fairs, because they have leaders who are well trained and who teach them to stand on their own feet.
The opening of this HDFC Bank Mawkyrwat Branch will benefit the people of the entire area by coming to this branch to deposit their money.
“Peace does not mean absence of war but it is a situation that requires a positive attitude.
But let us look at some of them first. 1) Diseases:- There are no people who are free from diseases.
On the other hand, Bah FB Basan MCS West Jaintia Hills District in the presence of K. Passah, District Sports Association WJDSA, WJBA office bearers and others. witness this contest.
How many people have a strong principle? How many people have a strong determination? How many people are true and simplicity? How many people can sacrifice their problems? How many people don't want easy money? How many people don't want How many people have escaped being misinterpreted by the leaders of the people? Who doesn't want the wealth of the world and the peace of the world? To be able to escape and succumb to such temptations in human life in this world, that is, there will be a real change, otherwise, destruction, evil and destruction has already awaited us at the door. few years to come.
He also urged Bangladeshi traders to join hands in the production of electricity.
To strengthen and revise the laws to regulate private health facilities to prevent exploitation and to enable them to provide efficient services.
“I would like to ask the leaders of the High Level Committee where the Themmetor issue has reached, we don't want any issue to arouse the anger, the action of the youth but we want to see the action. “It is the right of us as citizens to demand an account from the government especially to the people whom the people have empowered,” he said.
We as the people should follow after they have formed the Government.
Garo Hills civil society groups including GSU, FKJGP, AYWO and ADE have expressed their strong opposition to the implementation of Aadhar number, which they believe is a violation of human rights. These organizations have also vowed to fight against the Indian government if it continues to impose its plan on and Aadhaar.
NPP National President Conrad K Sangma launched the election manifesto on 3rd June along with other leaders including Prestone Tynsong, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Comingone Ymbon, Wailadmiki Shylla, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh and others.
The ceremony was attended by the Minister of State and MLA, Ma Kyrmen Shylla, MDC and Chairman JHADC, Dr. Sankey Shangpung. , Mrs. Clarify Thoo Headteacher, U Ma Womboi Lamurong Village Headman.
In a letter sent to the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, Vincent H Pala, on Thursday, 30th November 2021, he said that since the BJP took office, The rule of Assam has caused a lot of trouble and riots and which has caused a lot of anger.
“If there is any mass protest again which could affect the peace and order in the State, the Government itself will have to take responsibility,” he added.
He has forgotten his people from the constituency and is now running between Songsak and Tikrikilla with the hope of winning.
“Governor of Assam Janaki Ballav Patnaik, Governor of Meghalaya Dr. KK Paul, Chief Minister of Assam Tarun Gogoi, Mukul Sangma of Meghalaya and Mizoram Chief Minister of Meghalaya were present on the occasion. Lal Thanhawla, Railway Minister Suresh Prabhakar Prabhu, Sports Minister Sarbananda Sonowal and Child Development Minister Kiren Rijiju.
Shillong, July 18: The Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary has vaccinated more than 20,000 cows across the state to prevent the spread of Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD). .
However, Peace is the love and contribution of each and every citizen for each and every citizen.
On this occasion, Bah TS Mawdoh Officer Incharge gave an explanation to the shopkeepers who sell tobacco, cigarettes and tobacco products made for the purpose of stirring up the mouths of women such as raja, khaini and others. of Langpih Border Out Post.
He also alleged that the bill was brought to the people by force and the people were not allowed to express their views on the division of the constituency.
When inquired from several households, they said that the MePDC has charged them T.900 tyngka to replace the old meter with a new meter. they don’t want to replace until the old meter no longer works.
And these days we see with our own eyes in the buses that have been crowded to stand even on the footboards as in the good times of the world. handymen who earn money throw passengers at will and throw passengers, SO WHY DO THOSE BUS DRIVERS STAY AT THE SAME TIME WHEN FOLLOWING SOCIAL DISTANCE, WHY SHOULDN'T THIS BE DONE Bus fares in many places in Shillong are Shiphew Tyngka but since the Pandemic has been increased to Rphew Tyngka due to the SOCIAL DISTANCING NORM. However, now that we don't follow the NORM of the buses, why can't we increase the number of buses? When we turn to the TAXIs, we see that the rules are different. The fare varies from one day to another (If you are going to the same place, if you are going now it may be Rs.20/- and tomorrow Rs.30/-).
Both the teams had equal chances, but could not convert and had to share 1 point.
Shillong, July 03: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shillong City on Tuesday said that many parents in these days are complaining that their children are not getting jobs, while their shops, especially in the marketplace they went to foreign countries.
The DGP was the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the new office and speaking as the chief guest, the DGP said that the police station which has been relocated to the new location which has a proper building will help a lot. He said that the police department will continue to work together with the people to provide the best service.
The most unfortunate thing is that the day laborers in the factories have asked their customers to come and pick up the goods they sent on Saturday but when they went to look for them they had to answer, 'phi I've seen that there's no bording all day, how can I do it?
Bengaluru: Buses were set on fire and schools were closed in Karnataka today following the Congress' call for a curfew in Karnataka today to protest against the arrest of DK. Shivakumar, in the Enforcement Directorate, under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).
Mentoring Mission A National Mission for Mentoring will be introduced to have qualified retired teachers – including those who can teach in the languages ​​of the country – who are willing to provide training to university/college teachers.
Furthermore, this book also includes information on the establishment of the kurs and the tribes that are the inhabitants of the village. hills, rivers, stones, trees and famous buildings in which the ancestors of this village gave and named and in this book we describe the rule of law of the ancient kings. and in the villages.
Romans 11:29.
The new position was announced by Ostarnic Marbaniang, Organizing Secretary of KSU Sengkmie at a meeting chaired by Leningrad Tariang.
Shillong, March 12 : Meghalaya beat Haryana by 83 runs in the second match of the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy T20 Tournament on Tuesday at Mullanpur, Punjab.
Stressing on the need to resolve the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam, the Assam Minister said, “We have a long standing border dispute, but I am sure that we will be able to It will be resolved by mutual agreement in the near future”.
Shillong, June 20: U Bah Algious Thabah (35) of Mawiongrim on Saturday drowned in the Umiam River while many of his children survived.
When we learn to use fire, it is a great benefit to us human beings.
“I still thought they were the only ones who were like this,” said a neighbor of the dear mother.
The day was very successful with the participation of the students in many kinds of games in the presence of the Headmistress of the school, Kong Maria. Swer, teachers and parents who attended the annual sports festival.
Lakadong has won the second round.
Regarding the complaint lodged by George Ross Mingson Manner, resident of Trangblang, Satpator District, against Sambormi Lyngdoh, President EJNC and HANM leaders. The robbery of 2 Bolero Pick Ups (ML 11 4038 & ML 05 U 5059) carrying about 60 byrni of kwai on 19/08 / 2020 is an insult to the leaders of the two parties.
The MLPU has recently sent questions to the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong on the reasons why the government has appointed MS Rao as Chief Secretary even though he is still a junior. Hector Marwein.
Candidates should arrive at the rally venue at the time specified on the admit cards, as once the gate is closed, they will not be allowed to enter. They can contact any ARO nearby and details can also be obtained from the website www.joinindianarmy.
The price of rice used to be T.1500, but now it costs between T.1800 and T.2
The clearest evidence is the interference when Meghalaya planned to implement an electricity distribution scheme in Sabuda village, which happened in 2017, when the Assam government, They have stopped and banned the installation of electricity posts in Meghalaya and since then, the project to supply electricity to the village has been stopped.
This has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers especially to the poor and needy who are suffering in many ways.
Chairman Mansturdy Nongrem and Deputy Chairman Donevan Kharwanlang have resigned from their posts after the Congress decided to sit in the opposition after suspending them. Enjoy the party.
Even if all the 20 Congress MLAs flee, they cannot, because of the law as mentioned above.
The purpose of the author in introducing this issue is to bring a new idea in the world's thinking not to view it as a season of making money but to view it as a holy season. that we may make decisions for the future.
In India, Milk Day is celebrated on 26 November to commemorate the birthday of Dr. Verghese Kurien (26 November 1921), Father of the White Revolution, who was also the founder of the Amul milk company.
“She said that they are improving the teaching methods by following up on effective efforts that help the children to understand and remember the lessons better.
The festival was held for two days on the 7th and 8th November, 2022 at Tyrna. The Village Tourism Festival was organized by Indian Tourism Shillong in collaboration with the Special Purpose Vehicle Society. and the Tourism Department.
He said that along with the 996, we need another 669 and this should be a peaceful home and adequate employment. In Ma, he explained that 669 means to be born seven times in six days.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The BJP Youth Wing (BJP) Meghalaya today held a flag raising ceremony to protest against the police bombing of Kiang Nangbah youth. College on 10th November in Jowai.
According to the RTE, the idea is to provide free admission to schools recognized by the government and to provide books and necessities for the children but it seems that this has not happened at all.
“We have heard that they are talking about the implementation of the Roster from now on and we have also heard the statement of Kong Ampareen in the media.
Speaking to media, Dr War said that the examination which the Ministry of Education plans to conduct in the second month of November will still need to be discussed. .
However, the fires in India and Meghalaya are caused by human rights violations.
The affected villages in South West Garo Hills are Siju, Rongara, Mahadeo and Maheskolaha. On the 17th of this month, several people lost their lives and damaged their homes.
The Chief Minister together with other Cabinet Ministers have decided to set up a Police Outpost at Barato on
He said that taxis should publicly display the fares, as directed by the Transport Department, through the District Transport Officer.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The decisions of the public meeting of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to make the market clean have not yet been implemented.
The election for the Sordar in Umniuh Tmar was held after the resignation of former Sirdar Nonglam Khongshah, according to a statement from the Secretary of Umniuh Tmar Elaka, Incharge Diengdoh.
“I am sorry that I have surprised them, I see that they are still keeping our money.
(Ecclesiastes 12:1).
The Minister of Home Affairs said that the initial investigation report said that these workers died because they ate the soh that kills the fish.
If you don't appeal to the Supreme Court, you don't have to worry about it.
Dawki/Pyrdiwah: CEM of Khasi Hills District Council (KHADC) HS Shylla, MDC Manstudy Nongrem and Nongshken MDC Grace Mary Kharpuri today visited the The India-Bangladesh border in the Lyngkhat, Pyrdiwah and Dawki areas.
The blast occurred while the vehicle was being repaired and built on Tuesday.
Some helpful ways to get rid of worries when they come up in life.
There were residents of the village, who said that their village has suddenly turned into a tourist destination, that as soon as the incident happened, the electricity posts were destroyed, because all the MLAs , MDC and others who visited the village, said that they will inform the government about all the incidents in the village.
It also decided to fill the vacancies in the Meghalaya Special Force-10 (SF-10) which will form two units such as the Commando Unit and the Riot & Law & Order Unit.
On the 22nd November 2017, the party will hold a meeting with Mukul Sangma and his ministers at the Khasi National Durbar Hall, Mawkhar, Shillong.
It also informed that those who provide information, the department does not keep their names secret, but there is also a special reward for them.
WRBD&SWO Secretary Bah S Wahlang said BSNL has already installed the tower for more than three years but the surprising thing is that it has been standing without implementation yet. The installation of this tower by BSNL will help to facilitate the completion of their work especially in the area where there are no other towers and the people find it difficult to use mobile phones due to the lack of network.
The District Chief Minister has announced a cash reward of T.10,000 to any person who can provide the necessary information to the Magistrate or Police to lead to the arrest of the suspects. who is shocked.
“Bah HDR Lyngdoh is a man who has done well in this field but he has passed away, and his death is a great loss to the state, the party, and I am here now to be I am here to continue the work that is still pending”.
If you listen at this time, know that the help for us Khasi children will come from another place through God, but you don't know what answer you will give when you have the power.
College due to the resignation of the Vice-Principal of Tura Govt.
On the other hand, the BJP in the state will continue to support the NPP-led MDA government until the end of this term, he said.
In another tragic incident, two youths lost their lives after drowning in the Brahmaputra River on Tuesday.
The collapse of the dome or the round statue erected at the construction of the new Legislative Assembly at Mawdiang-diang on Sunday morning, shows not only the work. torti the building of the Legislative Assembly but if you dig deeper you will also find a terrible corruption.
One of these farming activities which has attracted many youths of Nongstoiñ area is the poultry farming industry where the poultry farmers of the area have also had the opportunity to market their livestock in the Nongstoiñ Market. and they were also able to fill the city of Nongstoiñ with syiar.
The welcome speech was delivered by Bah Pynshngaiñ Lyngdoh, National Youth Volunteer.
From Calcutta, King Wickliffe studied engineering at Kala Bhavan College of Engineering, Baroda, which belongs to Bombay University.
The State Government has taken steps to improve the trade by opening border markets or Haat in Kalaichar and Balat in addition to those already opened.
This was announced by Bah E.Mon, Secretary Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Nongkwar.
From an early age, parents encourage their children to live a good life and spend their efforts to provide their children with a good education that can improve their lives. of them so that they will be good people when they grow up.
After that, the ruling governments did not renew the notification.
The dry bones stood up for battle, prepared for the daily war against the enemies of the Arab States especially Iran today.
He said Sri Lanka wants to keep these animals in its own zoos, as the Sri Lankan authorities have already banned the sale or import of these animals. China's request comes at a time when the country is still in dire need of money and is in the midst of poverty.
He said the increase would be between 7.5 percent and 8 percent.
Later, the leaders of the union received the document showing that the dulir was signed by the former Sordar of the village who passed away Bah F.Shadap and the land was sold on the 28th. nail date,1999.
The earthquake in Zone-5 could also reach 8 on the Richter Scale.
The arrested were identified as I Love You Talang and Ramest Dkhar.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the problem faced by SSA teachers is not only in Meghalaya but all the SSA teachers in the country have not received their salaries yet. five months.
However, after he started the work, some of the residents opposed and disrupted the work, until he had to stop it.
The Election Commission of India holds elections across the States at different times and years according to the term of office of five years.
There will also be speeches by the leaders of the Seng Khasi along with traditional songs and dances.
The BSF personnel had got out of the vehicle to see if anyone was still alive. The brother sat there listening to the news when the BSF personnel would leave the area.
On the way to Saipung, the deterioration of the road at the entrance to Khaidong and Moolasngi villages of Nongkhlieh Elaka was also observed. .
:The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that on the demand of other minorities to increase the employment rate from 5% to 15% in the state, the government will hand over the request for consideration. The Committee of Political Parties and the Expert Committee will be set up soon.
Shillong: The Supreme Court today allowed the sale of 76,000 tonnes of coal till 31st June
When inquired, the SP said that the case was because they were wearing blue uniforms without permission.
“Now that you have agreed to leave, now all those who are here, you must sign your names as witnesses.
She said that the women's organization was established in 1998 and there were two Waheh Shnongs who went back and these Waheh Shnongs did not explain the activities of the women's organization. The current Waheh Shnong said that he has received a certificate from the District Council that he has the authority to do whatever he wants.
West Shillong MLA Paul Lyngdoh said that the government's stinginess in registering land in the border area with Assam has allowed the Assam government to take advantage of the registration of land of the people. this time.
Mawkyrwat, June 25: The District Magistrate of South West Khasi Hills District has informed that due to the upcoming General Election of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly 2023 to be held on the 27th June, to restrict the movement of vehicles and people in the border areas with Bangladesh because if there is no restriction on the movement of people and vehicles it could lead to the arrival of martuh and others other illegal activities that may lead to disruption of order in the border areas and affect public order.
Seiñraij BR.UPS Mukhaïalong won the Under-16 Girls category in the 2000 meter race led by Thaibiang Phawa.
Two large objects have now appeared in the western parts of the Indian Ocean and there is a strong suspicion that they may be the two wreckage of Malaysian flight MH
Shillong: Former South Tura MLA John Leslee has not yet confirmed whether he will contest the mid-term elections from the constituency after Agatha K Sangma resigned from the post of MLA. “In fact, after I lost, I wanted to rest for five years, but as soon as Agatha resigned, the people came to me and forced me to contest. “I want to rest but they said they are confused where to go,” said John Leslee.
In the final match of the day, Rymbai Wahshnong beat Umlawang SC 2-0 with goals scored by Elvinstar Swer (39) and Verdictson Swer (67).
The storm has also destroyed crops in many villages.
In man there is a law from God's creation, in the world, that he should be above all the things of the world.
He said that the doctors had ordered him to eat so that he would get stronger but he said, “I don't want to eat, I only drank the water medicine that the doctors gave me, and I allowed them to inject me”. .
The employees were shocked and admitted that the EC has promised to pay another two months salary in July this year.
He said the party has already sent a letter to the Governor to challenge the appointment of Parliamentary Secretaries by the government, as it is against the provisions of the Constitution.
At that time, when the police rushed to Motphran, the people were at the YMCA but suddenly thousands of people came out and turned to the police station. risa shaid and they went straight to Motphran and the police also followed.
The semi final will be played on 23rd March 2021 and the final will be played on 18th November
HDR also praised the knowledge and understanding of Vincent H. Pala as MP, because he is not a person who puts turoi himself, but he works hard by his works and witnesses on this. Shillong By-Pass from Umiam to Mawryngkneng, Shillong-Nongstoin road connecting to Tura. and especially in connection with the 4-lane road from Jeroboad to Umiam.
Shillong: Young Star FC (Shillong) beat Kharumnuid FC from Sohryngkham in the final of the 2nd Mawutieng Invitation Football Tournament organized by Mawutieng Sports and Cultural Club at Thohlyndit Ground. .
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has acknowledged that Iranian troops shot down the plane, suspecting it was a US plane.
A source from the MIDC said that the road has been constructed by three contractors at a cost of more than 15 lakh tyngka.
Shillong, July 17: The Seiñ Khasi Seiñ Raij (KRS) has organized a festival for the children on the 14th & 15th July 2017 at Khliehtyrshi, West Jaintia Hills. at the end of which the Lord God gave a day of joy and gladness.
It is to be recalled that the Prime Minister on Monday night after the photographs were circulated on social media, he personally inspected the JN Sports Complex on the preparations for the training of the athletes. the Meghalaya Games 2022.
“We are not against this inspection, but we want to know why Bah Charles Pyngrope was not present at that time, and if Bah Jemino was working on this scheme, why didn't he? I have the lowest number of votes from Nongrah in 2018,” he said.
“Those who are against the party's foundation should not be allowed to stop but should take strong action against them,” said Bah Sanbor.
“The youth have been the carriers of VBSY," he said.
Who can be blamed for the backwardness of the villages in the 11 districts of the State in the past 50 years?
It is true that the most paid Christians.
On the other hand, the farmers' leader urged the government and all the MLAs and MDCs to help in the delivery of rice to the villages in the state as many farmers in different villages are in the middle of there is a shortage of food and money.
In Ribhoi, there are 101 cases and these include 28 high risk contacts, 9 ILI cases, 29 cases in Khweng, 18 cases in Umiam and others.
The Waheh Shnong of Chilliangraij, DHPde, employees of the Wildlife Department and others were also present at the tree planting ceremony.
These four government vehicles or Maxi cabs, which used to operate in Shillong, have been stuck in the area and can no longer walk or stand to carry passengers.
Therefore, the MPCA is not an organization but a joint effort of the private sector, the KSU and others who are concerned about the problems and dangers arising from the registration and registration with the UIDAI. people but tries to protect the rights of the people.
“On this occasion, Sangma also welcomed many leaders from the Congress, BJP and TMC to join the NPP. Krison Langstang, Congress MLA candidates from Mawkaiaw and Jowai, Nehemiah Tyngkan and Daniel Dann, TMC MLA candidate Lasting Suchiang and others.
During his visit to Mizoram, Amit Shah will inaugurate projects worth more than Rs 2,000 crore.
In his speech as the chief guest, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh expressed his delight to open the Multiplier Pig Farm, a project which has been successfully implemented. The Sordar of Mawsawa, the owners and residents of Mawsawa said that the pig farm is one of the pig farms in the area. from the government's efforts to further improve the livelihood of the people living in the rural areas through agriculture.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Nongpoh Town Committee (NTC) today visited two public health centers in Nongpoh, Bethany Hospital and Nongpoh Civil Hospital. Public health centres, medicines have been distributed between the city and other villages, from Mawriangum to Umlyngkdait and especially to the center of Nongpoh.
Harish Kumar Kushwaha, 50, of Rilbong, Zig Zag Road, Shillong and Jada Belbra Bhattacharjee, 55, of Laban, Shillong.
Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit have met with the Deputy Commissioner of EJH regarding the excessive deterioration and congestion of the NH-6 which has affected the health of the people. of school children and the public walking and standing from Tuber Shohshrieh, Khliehriat to Malidor.
“We are proud to have a Federal Government that understands the needs of our state and is working hard to address the challenges we face.
Varun Lyngdoh and Sheena Lyngdoh, sons of Shyam Singhania, have been deprived of their Khasi identity.
Although the authorities of the Hima Mylliem, have faced difficulties to clean up the market due to the disobedience of the people who take advantage of the opportunity to sell their goods along the roads and footpaths which has caused a lot of trouble to the visitors.
New Delhi, Jymmang 16: The whole of India has chosen the image of a lotus flower, in which the former RSS pracharak has won the election. for the first time since the 1984 elections, which were won by the Congress, after the assassination of Indira Gandhi.
“Hyderabad FC is a team that opens the door for the country's young players and I am very happy to be part of this club.
Also present on the occasion were MLA Sanbor Shullai, MDC Laban Constituency, Dr Sylvanus Lamare, Principal of St Edmunds College and others.
The purpose of the National Lok Adalat is to hear and give hearing on all kinds of cases and those who wish to take part are invited to take part on this day. & Session Court Nongpoh.
There should be strict laws to punish people against destruction of forests, as it is a serious threat to our planet ‘mother earth’.
He said the government would look for ways and means to achieve this as the railway in the state would be a great benefit.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) SengKmie has announced that the Central Government will reduce the Excise Duty on Petrol and Diesel by T.5 and T.10 from the 4th of this month, This is a very important step and will help the poor and middle class families by reducing prices and increasing the income of the country.
The office bearers of AJLU include President Kyrmen Siangshai, Vice President Chandame Sungoh, General Secretary Shaphrang Pajuh, Joint Secretary Lewaphi Sutnga, Finance Secretary Miju Sutnga, Kwel Lakiang and Adviser Pramod Jain.
(By Collin Wanñiang)The article “Christian Victory, Government Violence: Seng Khasi” written by Disparsing Rani (Nongsaiñ 9.1.14), among the many issues he touched on, gave a praise to you Every Christian.
During the meeting, the Chairman agreed with the explanation of John F Kharshiing and said that the agreement and promises are closely in line with the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement of Jammu & Kashimir.
“They have violated the order of the Governor by holding a public hearing at the KHADC office in Shillong,” said the MDC. without going by the rules.
The government has imposed a three-day curfew to track down those people who have close contact with the sick.
We may have the gifts and gifts of God, whether to teach, preach, write, teach or many others that we cannot name.
Shullai Progressive Sec School, Mawlai
Alexander won the gold medal at the 32nd Annual State Arm Wrestling Championship 2023 held by the Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association in Meghalaya recently. silver.
It was also in this regard that Qin told Jaishankar that both countries need to fight hard and find ways to bring about peace and understanding in order to avoid conflicts and conflicts. as in the past few years.
However, you should not throw it away, and you should throw it away in the NOTA (None of the above) button of the electronic voting machine, as suggested by Bah Morning Sumer of Free-Lance. Your journalist.
It is prohibited for anyone from outside the village to make noise and disturb the village.
“We hope that we will win because the more they criticize and criticize, the more votes we will get,” he added.
The relatives of the deceased from Umlyngka village said that they have received information that the post mortem report has been released and they said that she is still in the custody of the police.
Saudi Arabia, the world's largest oil exporter, shares a 500-mile border with Iraq, where ISIS militants have occupied and ruled the country. Many areas in the eastern and southern parts of the country bordering Saudi Arabia and to create a Muslim country, which has been condemned and opposed, even by the victorious militant group Al Qaeda. .
However, the match between Mynken Christian HSS, Bhoirymbong and Pratlynti SS from Sohliya Umsning was the match between the two teams. Pratlynti SS beat Mynken Christian HSS 4-3 in the first half and in the second half, the match was taken to the Tie Breaker.
The Independence Day Run 7km Run in collaboration with the District Sports Officer (DSO) Ri Bhoi District will be held at 12th of this month at 6:30 pm.
Some of them, he said, were told by the Sengbhalang leaders that they were drunk.
...We know that we cannot live alone if we get independence and we understand that as we are now we have to rely on others from abroad for many of our needs.
State governments and private hospitals can now purchase these injections and sell them to those between the ages of 18 to 45 years.
Some of the constituencies where the PDF will not contest in 2018 include Shella, Sohra, Mairang and Umsning constituencies. people in this constituency.
The character certificate is not necessary to identify the children because to verify the character of the child is only a formality.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, the President of the Mawkhar Samla Seng, Bah Daniel Syngai, said, “We will hold a meeting to raise awareness among the youth on the 19th of this month. Tenzing Tsering, an Ayurveda Practitioner who has lived in New York and formerly lived in Mission Compound, Shillong, has been invited to help young people who have become addicted to drugs to improve their lives. new only by taking herbal medicines.
With seven Test centuries, Williamson is now only one place behind Kohli (7) as the player with more than 200 runs and a batsman. Australia's Marnus Labuschagne remains number one in the Test batting list.
Two months after the formation of the new EC of the District Council, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Singh Syiem and members of the Executive Committee today visited Ummat Village in Block II. which falls in the border area, to visit the Mawbah of the 12 kurs, which is a place of worship and burial of the stones of the people who have died from this earth which is only for the children of thousands of these 12 kurs of the Raid Nongtung with the desire to preserve and maintain this place which has been established since ancient times.
They opened the clinic with their vision that the people of Meghalaya do not need to go abroad for their needs.
The Durshtah Sahnam and the Khyrdop Sahnam include snaps of the countryside and traditional snaps of the state.
So far, 117 people have died in England from the delta virus, eight of whom are under the age of
Speaking to reporters, Bah Bindo said the bill has not yet reached its end.
“Many things have been done in these five years as the NPP-led MDA government whether it is in relation to the border and other major issues in the country and the Prestone said.
In a statement, the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Rituraj Ravi, said that police conducted a search operation at the scene after finding the skull of a human being. today is the 24th.
Dr Kharlukhi urged Dr Mukul Sangma not to mislead the people on the border issue.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The hearing of the National Green Tribunal (NGT), which was scheduled to be held on July 2, 2014 in Shillong, has been postponed.
Jowai, Jymmang 31: U Armos Pasam, resident of Nongthymmai, Lawjynriew, has been arrested by the West Jaintia Hills Police today for allegedly cheating to earn money. lakhs of rupees from young job seekers who have been deceived into helping them recruit and appoint them in various government offices.
The Seiñraij Ialong has started the Behdeiñkhlam festival since the 1st of July and today is the last day of the Tyngkhain Bhang festival and the Knia Khlam festival which was held at Khloo Blai ('Law Kyntang) known as Wah. -Cannabis.
However, we urge the public to immediately inform their relatives and friends if such threats come and to discuss what action should be taken whether to lodge a complaint at the police station or to send a complaint. written letters to the District Election Officers (DEOs) who are also Deputy Commissioners or to the leaders of the political parties they support and so on.
Robert said the group supports all political parties or individuals who oppose the Bill.
The first meeting of the second round of demarcation was held at the State Guest House of Assam in Koinadhara, Khanapara.
The search for the dead continues till Sunday morning, according to a government source.
Thank you Mr. S.Mawlong-Mairang.
The tournament will be held for two days from 28-29 November 2020 in Guwahati, Assam.
He was speaking on the inquiry appointed by the government into allegations of corruption in the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL), rice production and others.
The death toll in Italy from the coronavirus rose to 969 on Tuesday, the highest number of deaths in a single day.
There is no one who knows, no one who hears, no one who obeys, but only a smile.
However, on Sunday, Jammal was shot dead while sending his family members to vote. Two bullets were shot in the chest, two bullets in the hands and another in the leg. your head.
Earlier, I had an antibodies test for corona, in June 2020, after I had a fever, where I was tested by CT Scan and antibodies to test for corona.
Furthermore, I belong to a family that has a lot of trade with the people of the north, so I have the opportunity to talk and meet with the people of the north as well as the French.
In reply, Cricket Lovers Sohra CC managed to score 131 runs in 19.3 overs for the loss of all wickets.
He also denied that in the recent struggle, it is not appropriate to blame Rahul Gandhi and when there is a defeat, the entire party should be blamed.
During this MSL season, it has been seen that the journey of the teams has not been easy especially for the clubs from Shillong.
If you don't know the meaning of the word 'Kchu Ka Siang', it means the woman of the house who has a heavy responsibility in the workplace. KA BEI The sein is located in the long house of the long sem to be used for the purpose of building the house of the family and the family of the trekirot.
When the trumpet sounds in Jerusalem, it will mean the beginning of the LAST TIME.—Daniel 9:2
The Commissioner of Police (Guwahati) has ordered an inquiry into the death of the woman from Shillong at the police station on Friday night.
There are 97 new cases today and 92 cases on 27th June
The voters will also act like angels in heaven.
The Government also has to look to other states like Assam in the drafting of the Mining Plan and Rules under the MMRD Act 1957, and the coal miners have to provide the necessary documents to be eligible. that's your job.
The Shnong Khliehmyntriang wishes the leaders and members of the party a healthy body so that they can serve the people.
“The 10% increase is also the decision of the Supreme Court in 2019 for those minority groups who are still poor and underprivileged,” said Dr Kharlukhi.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Aids Control Society (MACS) together with the Shillong Endurance Motorsports Club, will hold the 3rd Shillong Endurance Motorsports Challenge 2019 from the 14th to the 16th of this month at Shyllong Market in Umtyngar.
Furthermore, a group of women of Namdong B through the Village Organization of two blocks came out to plant trees on Saturday.
“An agreement was reached yesterday with Dr. Buam, the civil society, the village authorities, the police and the SDO, as well as the Company Commander BSF.
“For now, I cannot answer this.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that it is impossible for the police stations to stop the illegal mining and trade in the state, even if the government does. you have worked hard to achieve this.
Flipkart, a well-known retailer, has been criticized in recent days for claiming that Nagaland is outside India.
We proclaim our own salvation, which is before the world and especially to the glory of God.
“Samla Samborlang Shabong also gave a short speech in which he said that the KSU is pleased to invite the youth to lead India because the Jaidbynriew is not inferior in all aspects but still needs more. Samla Johny Nongrum (Sports Secretary KSU NKHD), Samla Johny Nongrum (Sports Secretary KSU NKHD), Samla Steven Kharkrang Asst GS KSU NKHD Unit members from KSU Lawbah Circle and KSU Umïam Circle.
She is the first woman from the ethnic groups to become President of the country,” said Bah Shanapliang.
Returning to his hometown and state after spending decades in the West in many countries where he has gone for research, he said: “I feel like a big fish in a small pond”.
He said that such allegations are only an attempt to defame the Opposition.
Even from the population ratio, the 40:40 ratio has failed the Khasi, because the Khasi are more paid than the Garo, but the retrospective of the roster system has There is a problem for the Khasi youth today because they don't get even the 40% share.
On the plight of the people of the state who have been exploited by the traders, Javadekar said that the farmers should be supported with the Minimum Support Prize (MSP) as has been done in Madhya Pradesh. .
“Then sit down with me, for I need a little while.
After the Seng went to meet with the SDO Mairang Civil Sub-Division, the SDO did not accept that he was in his office but after calling the SDO, he ordered to lodge a complaint with the Magistrate Bah Pasah. .
I Kong Jyrwa encouraged and encouraged those who want to train themselves in the field of water supply to come forward.
Furthermore, the union would like to complain that such an incident has happened due to the negligence of the contractor who repaired this road by filling it with byrni filled only with soil instead of The union believes that this is also the negligence of the PWD (R) Mawsynram Division office.
State President Sgt Dinesh Mahanta has said that the current demands of the retired soldiers are to include those in the lower ranks such as jawans and officers in the salary. under OROP for Veterans and Veer Naris and many others.
Angela Rangad, UPI ID : 9863097754@ybl, State Bank of India, Laban Branch Shillong, A/C: 41184308962, IFSC:SBIN0005135.
At present, North Shillong Constituency is an urban constituency but in the opinion of Bah Michael Kharsyntiew as a resident of this constituency, health is the most important issue.
The rally, known as Path Sanchalan, started from Hindi Balika Vidyalayan to Gorkha Pathshala Square, Garikhana via Police Bazar in Shillong.
The Waheh Shnong of Lapangap, Bah Deimon Lyngdoh, said that those Karbi people who drove out the police from Meghalaya were the victims of the Karbi Student Association on the 26th of this month.
James Sangma has been criticized by other allies of the MDA government after being accused of smuggling coal.
However, the goal they have is how to do better in the future, he concluded.
Regarding other constituencies, the party will take a decision and release the first list in the near future.
The strongest is the love of neighbor even in the midst of trouble.
However, the members of the JAC said that they have already sent a letter through the Secretary of the Shnong to hold a meeting at Bhoirymbong Market and also to the authorities of Ri Bhoi District and they have not received any permission. It was not until 11:30 this morning that they heard from the Shnong officials that they were not allowed to hold a meeting at Madan Kurkalang. the Festival.
Jowai: Two persons including Bison Shylla, brother of Minister of Social Welfare, Kyrmen Shylla and Tiufill Shadap have been released on bail before being arrested by the Khliehriat Police Station. Six coal miners were killed in Dein Shalalu, Rymbai District.
I am very sorry for this issue expressed by many of the land dealers. Therefore, once and for all, I urge the government to create land for these land dealers, so that these longkmie who They don't earn enough money to feed their families.
Because of this, they had to leave the classroom.
This is the question of the KSU on the statement of the DC of Ri-Bhoi that if the company building the railway line needs protection, the district authorities are ready to provide protection to them.
However, the question from many is, who will be responsible if anything happens to the people who travel on this highway, which is very bad and can cause tragic incidents along it. for this reason, the delay in completing it.
You can also play solo, duo and squad in TPP mode.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Riban said that there are eight kurs in the Raid Shabong and the kurs include the Khongmawloh, Khongbuhphang, Khongtani, Khongjah, Khongwet, Khongsdoh, Sohklet and Khongthaw, because since ancient times, they have made a covenant, they have made a covenant to be one as long as humanity remains on this earth.
“The people of North Garo Hills from the four constituencies will bring him (Dr. Mukul) back to power,” he said.
The IMD has warned that today, 16th and then on 17th and 18th, there will be heavy rainfall in parts of the state, while on 19th and 20th, there will be heavy rainfall. rain, heavy, in parts of the state.
On the other hand, Conrad said that the employees of GHADC from EMs to peons will hold a one-day workshop to paint the old GHADC office.
The expensive bar offers a variety of specially blended drinks with a wonderful taste and character, which will make guests raise their glasses all day long.
All the participating teams sent 16 players and only Arunachal Pradesh sent only 11 players.
He contested the MLA election from Raliang in 2018 and was defeated.
“In fact, he should understand my information about Henry because he may not have seen the news published in 2013 either.
The winners received 30,000 tyngka and trophies while the runners-up received 15,000 tyngka and trophies.
Nongpoh: The Ri-Bhoi Tourism and Environmental Development Forum (RBTEDF) on Tuesday held a program at Marngar Lake as part of the celebration of World Tourism Day 2021, Bah B.Nongkynrih. The District Tourism Officer (DTO) of Ri-Bhoi District, said that the state government through the tourism department has a great desire to develop the tourism industry in different places. different within the state.
For more details, Please check the NEIAH Recruitment 2019 official notification or visit.
The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP), Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that he does not agree that the Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma will contest from two constituencies in the state. at the same time because according to the Constitution of India, no leader is allowed to serve two or three constituencies.
Why are these foods considered the most important and delicious foods? This is because these foods contain a lot of phytochemicals that promote health: antioxidants, vitamins, minerals and drugs such as flavonoids that protect against high blood pressure, cancer and perhaps also from heart disease. tymmen you brain.
Her father, who is also the chief of the Samajwadi Party (SP) in Lalitpur district, and the district president of the Bharatiya Samajwadi Party (BSP), are among the 28 accused. that they did not hold the power of the student.
They are the footsteps of the ancients who have raised money to deceive the Government of India and the Government of Assam in order to protect their people from being oppressed by the authorities.
The CEC will discuss only the relevant issues and issues affecting the jaidbynriew, said a statement sent by the President of HANM Seng Kmie, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani.
The Meghalaya Estimate Committee (MEC) on Tuesday visited the Residential School at Sabahmuswang village, WJHD. The committee led by its Chairman and MLA Nongpoh, Bah Mayralborn. The Syiem was accompanied by Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton L Tongkhar, North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum, Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, Selsella MLA Arbinstone B Marak and Ampati MLA Miani D Shira. They visited the residential school to assess the condition and structure of the school.
We now value and respect the new father in the home.
After a while, Rupang went down to inspect the place where the body was found and by morning it was seen that the blood had stained on the leaves of the trees and on the plants.
The incident happened at Mariampur village in Goalpara district, where many people from Garo villages including many from Adokgre and Kharkutta, went to the cemetery to bury a resident.
The Government will also appoint hundreds of teachers in community colleges.
The Central Government has allocated Rs 678.39 crore for the implementation of the JJM scheme in the state for the year 2021-22 which is nearly four times more than the allocation for the JJM scheme. year 2020-21.
“Although it is the responsibility of the Finance Ministry to discuss this, we have to take responsibility and we cannot blame each other as shown in the the State Government".
If those with disabilities start working, they can borrow money from the NFHDC, he added.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Government today, in a review meeting, has decided to direct the members of the COVID-19 Committee to be vigilant on the health of the people. virus' within the state.
The DC of Ri Bhoi District said that he has already spoken to the Deputy Commissioner of West Karbai Anglong, the Chief Electoral Officer of the state and the Chief Secretaries of Meghalaya and Assam. also, that is for the purpose of cooperation and to avoid the intimidation of voters in Meghalaya.
The talent of these two brothers came to light after they participated in the singing audition for the film 'Dhaka Escape' to be broadcast on Chwa Syiemlieh Production channel as part of the selection of singers for the film ( Dhaka Escape) in 2020 while the lockdown is still underway around the world due to the outbreak of COVID-1
The death toll has been reported in Hubei Province, the worst affected province.
Khliehriat has 32,887 voters, 277,434 voters turned out to vote and the percentage is 83.42%.
One of the most dangerous and violent traffic jams is the daily traffic jam and this is a way of life where people have no choice but to live in that feeling that it should be so. for I don't have any more.
Furthermore, it was informed that the implementation of the Radium Reflector will be for all types of vehicles from private vehicles, government vehicles and public vehicles which have to install the Radium Reflector. Drivers are requested to take action to install this radium reflector in their vehicles and if they violate they will be punished under sections 104, 138 and 138 of the Central Motor Vehicle Act. 4)(c) of the Central Motor Rules-1989, said a spokesman from the Chief Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi, Giri Prasad.
Shillong, Lber, 18: Bollywood actor Sanjay Mishra, who is also one of the directors in many films made in the north, has expressed his desire to visit Dawki village, which is nearby. and Bangladesh and visited Umshit (Hot Spring) in Jakrem, South West Khasi Hills District.
In connection with this incident, police suspect that the fire may have been caused by an incident in the past few days.
During the inspection, the Minister urged the officers to provide full service to the people and to have a close relationship with the fishermen so that the government's goal can be achieved.
On the other hand, the Sengbhalang leaders said that what is needed from now on is the unity of all parties for the welfare and development of Nongstoiñ West Khasi Hills.
Similarly, all shops selling food items (Restaurants, Dhabas, Fast Food, Sha, Bakery, Grocery, Jhur Shops, Guest Houses etc.) must register their shops with the Food Safety Department (FSSAI). ) by March 31,
It is to be recalled that the FASTOM strike which started on 28th July 2022, for three days and three nights, they held a night sleep on the street in front of the Secretariat gate, but yesterday morning On Thursday, they moved from in front of the Secretariat gate and sat in the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat, which has been going on for two nights on Saturday.
Until now, our nation has lived and will continue to live stronger and stronger, on the basis of respecting our own and not despising the rights of others.
The office was inaugurated by former Waheh Dong Roibok Synnah in the presence of new Waheh Dong Phermon Suchen, Wanly Pohthmi Secretary and other office bearers.
Speaking to reporters, Bah L.Shangpliang, Protection Ranger of the department, said that they came to conduct the raid on the orders of the senior officers. of the department to explain to the people not to burn rnga as it affects and destroys the environment.
The pilots of these Iraqi planes are said to be very successful, as they have been trained by American pilots.
Other speakers included CEM of JHADC T. Shiwat, Village Leaders of Thadmynri, Shiabnai, Moodymmai and others, while the meeting was conducted by DS War, Waheh Shnong Nangdong-B. Shillong, Jymmang 22: Thousands of Sohiong residents have lined up on both sides of the road to welcome the body of Bah HDR Lyngdoh. and, and Maheh.
Such sohñiamtra are called soh trees planted by the Soil Conservation.
But in the midst of trouble there is a way if a person turns quickly to God.
Shillong, June 24 : The Sub-Divisional Officer (C) Pynursla on Monday informed that as the cleaning of the road in Rngaiñ is ongoing, vehicles will be allowed to pass through Rngaiñ until 8 pm. this road to pass through on the dates mentioned below.
Our desire is only to live in peace as we used to be and there will never be such a conflict with our Khasi friends”.
According to him, the state zoo will also become a home for these creatures.
The winner of the Kur Mawrie Memorial Football Tournament was won by Kur Mawrie Laitkor Wahshohkha and received a cash prize of 20,000 tyngka. Mawrie Laitkor Rngi won a cash prize of 10,000 tyngka.
Such persons who have been arrested for allegedly going to the Northeast are not allowed to leave the Northeast but they are still in jail. I don't want to go here.
"This is something that has never happened before, and it shouldn't happen in the coming years either," he said.
The blanket distribution was part of the Christmas celebration with the people of Ri Bhoi.
Albinus Lamurong PDF from Sumer and Philip James Bamon (Congress) from Khliehriat.
However, Diego managed to equalize, albeit for a while, by taking the ball from the right side and kicking hard from the edge of the post and entering straight inside. Your jar is covered with Vanlalhriata Chhangte.
The roads damaged are Mawlieh, Shillong to Dawki, Pynursla; Shillong Nongstoin road, near Umsohiong, which happened in Sohiong and the road that collapsed, but vehicles can drive, then Sohiong Shilliang Dongki road, Sohiong, but vehicles can Then the Sohra Nongrim road, which is damaged in Shella and the road has collapsed, but vehicles can pass, then the Mawshamok road, which is damaged, but the road, which is damaged, but the Tyrna Road, Mawlong Road, Pynursla Myllat Road, Ryngku Hatmawdon Road, which is bad in Mawsynram.
Life is like a flower that grows.
?" He waited for her to answer. This question made Rida slow to answer.
“I am a person who is very interested in the ethnic parties. When the PDF was formed, we went ahead to talk about the issues of the people but it seems that it didn't go anywhere. that they may not be able to do it any more, and if they are not able to do it, how can they do it?
Marcuise N Marak said that in any party they have their own opinions and this is inevitable.
Speaking to media, union leader Roypar Kharraswai said, “We have decided to continue our strike until we get our demand.” The Union has been protesting for 10 years but the State Government has ignored our demands. “The Union supports the demand of the Confederation of Meghalaya. The Social Organization (CoMSO) has not appointed an independent inquiry or has sent the CBI to investigate the activities of GVK Management.
The accident happened on the NHAI highway, which is under construction, which prevented vehicles from passing from one side to the other of the four-lane road.
In the letter, Bah Lamare also sent a link to the videos that have been circulated showing the lathi bomb and tear gas firing by the police which has caused injuries not only to men but also to women. same.
They say that in Israel, the numbers used most often are meaningful: Thus Number 12 = 12 sons of Jacob from whom came the 12 tribes of Israel; Then the 12 Apostles in the New Testament.
They said that if Rahul Gandhi addresses a public meeting, Congress supporters from all districts in Khasi Jaintia will be able to attend and this will help the party which is now fighting against the candidate nominated by the Government. MDA of Meghalaya.
The tournament was inaugurated by MLA Wailadmiki Shylla as the chief guest in the presence of MDC Saron Paswet, Nominated MDC O Lamin, P Lyngdoh, Sunday Morning Tariang, LSAYA office bearers and others.
This will further help in creating employment opportunities for the youth of the state.
This year has been canceled due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
This is the 40th edition of the Seng Khihlang which started today and will end on the 16th June
In the past few years, other Bollywood actresses have also taken part in Cannes including Sonam Kapoor, Katrina Kaif, Kangana Ranaut and Vidya Balan.
Dear Nongrep, to achieve these demands does not depend on me alone or on the leaders of the party, but in a democratic country it depends on the unity and solidarity of us farmers.
We are fortunate to have legislators like Bah Ardent.
Sometimes, before they leave, they don't inform the owners of the houses but they just go upstairs and take the wires to the office.
He said that the Satpator Elaka has the Nohkawang Valley and the Kubon Creek near the beach at Pasadwar and the Zamindars should immediately meet with the government so that they can know. How to implement this tourism, because as we have seen in the past years the Government has already sanctioned many places in War Jaintia but there are problems in their respective areas that are closed. to complete these tourism activities, because there are places that cannot be built and there are also places where there are two sides.
Speaking at the welcome ceremony for the People Democratic Front (PDF) at Polo Ground today, Bah Pynshngain said, “It's like playing MUA-II Football Club against the PDF. Football Club, they tried many tricks to score but they didn't succeed because we, we who played from the back, from the back and the captain led”.
Similarly, Bah Mawkordor Kharsyiemlieh of the RKSF said that the time has come for such competitions along the highways and pedestrian areas to be banned.
The Japan International Corporation Agency (JAICA) has announced that it will construct the two lane National Highway-40 from Umhyrpi to Dawki through funds not paid by the central government. .
To entertain the festival, foreign bands and locals will come to entertain.
According to him, the Food Ordiance has been strengthened by the law that every resident especially from the poor families can get 5 kilos of rice at the price of 3 tyngka per kilo.
The union also warned that if the NHAI does not repair the road within two months, the union will shut down the NHAI office and collection gate at Lumshnong.
Know that the Holy Mountain is the Duwan Dupat of the Raid or Hima.
When our people could not leave their homes and fled to Mowluber Saitsama Namdong Khanduli Lapangap and even to Jowai at the office of the Jaintia National Union in Mooralong.
Apart from long distance travel, age and poverty, there are other factors that can cause this problem.
India has the fourth highest number of cases of coronavirus in the world.
According to the Cultural and Educational Right, it is the duty of the government to assist these schools, protect and preserve their special autonomy.
The PFR Football Academy team is led by Amit as head coach and Robin Nongrum as assistant coach.
He said he would not hesitate to lead a group of MDCs to appeal to the government if the government does not accept the Bill.
As part of strengthening the activities of the party in Tinsukia district and other districts of the state, the Vice-President of the party Manoj Dhanowar took part in the meeting with other members of the party. .
The products of the youth including Digital Clock, Solar Street Light, Home Automation Lights, Solar Tracker and others were exhibited.
Congratulating the state police for dispersing the group, the Minister said, “I congratulate the police for doing the right thing and this arrest is also a message to others that we should say no to these things.
Badari Yadav, Deputy Director, Defence, Guwahati, who was also one of the chief guests for the workshop, said that the program has a role to play in the development of the workshop. to provide training to promote the use of Hindi in the daily information work in the offices.
coal for our people in Jaintia Hills is like a plate.
The Prime Minister's promise came after Bah Chyne said that the rules set by the government are long and complex in which people who live from shyiap mining face difficulties in getting permits, because too many pieces of furniture to meet the needs.
The union therefore demands that the government should immediately terminate the agreement with the above mentioned NGO and appoint Khasi or Garo doctors who understand the language.
“I don't see a good future in the State BJP even though I want to join the party.
Inspection by this reporter, it was found that this sudden traffic jam has caused a lot of trouble not only to the passengers, but also to the residents of Shangbangla and Pahamrioh, because through this traffic jam, the Many vehicles are driving on the wrong side of the road and this not only causes danger to the residents, but especially to the drivers, due to the wrong side of other vehicles.
The JYF will hold this peace rally with the class XI students who have not yet received admission.
“There are also some areas where the same principle cannot be implemented because it will not achieve this goal of resolving the border issue,” he said.
Naba was shot dead while leaving his car in Brajrajnagar.
Worldwide, 10.3 million people have been infected with the virus and 5,04,269 people have died. So far, the virus has reached 210 countries. of Reuters.
“I was filled with joy and it strengthened my patriotic spirit.
In Ribhoi District, there are 25 cases and these are civilians.
SHILLONG: The students of Lady Keane College, Shillong have celebrated National Road Safety Week to celebrate road safety.
Asst Prof H Lyngdoh, Asst Prof AW Rani and Bah R Kharlukhi gave training to the students of these schools on how to create job opportunities and choose after graduation. already read.
According to her, the state has received 93 doctoral scholarships.
“As it is known, Union Minister RK Singh, Union Minister of Electricity, has already announced in a few days that he will bring a motion in Parliament to accept the amendment. Electricity Amendment Bill, 2022”.
The tournament started on March 7, 2023 and a total of 16 teams have participated.
“Pat ih re Mei ...” replied Wanbok who was sitting quietly on the fire to look at the jyntah. “La jan Papa,” replied the father. The father and mother also sat down in the kitchen to wait for the meal.
“That is why if you love the nation, you must prove it through your actions.
On the other hand, Dr. Evarist Myrsing has decided to contest from Mawhati Constituency and has been confirmed as the BJP candidate from Mawhati Constituency. Constituency, in RI Bhoi and in the state as a whole.
U Bah K.Nongsiej, one of the pig farmers from Nongstoiñ, said that before the Prime Minister started importing piglets from outside the state, piglets from outside the state especially in West Khasi Hills, were expensive. three to seven thousand tyngka each, even those who are only six months old.
Apart from the TMC and the VPP, others have no right to criticize the MDA Government like this.
The ceremony was attended by Hon'ble Minister of Civil Aviation Shri Jyotiraditya Scindia (through the corps), Hon'ble Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma (through the TBC), and other officials from Shillong at the airport.
He said that he has met with the Vice Chancellor of NEHU to assist in sending researchers to set up and the VC of NEHU has promised to look into this matter. After meeting with other NEHU officials, the MP said that he will soon launch a Virtual Clinic which will be a treatment facility where doctors will be able to Talk to patients only through the current means.
This was announced by the Minister of Community and Rural Development, Abu Taher Mondal, in reply to a question in the Budget Session on Monday.
If the same offense is committed twice, the offender may be sentenced to imprisonment for not less than 6 months which may extend to 7 years with a fine.
They are the things that we (shynrang) do.
If this tradition/precedence is going well, why does the government want to spoil this old is gold?
“If the proclamation of patriotism is something else that prevents us from opening the way to bring clarity to the traditional rule in the Hima Mylliem which is the Khadar rule which is in the Kur Dorbars, Shnong Dorbars, Raid Dorbars and Hima Dorbars, we don't say ban. However, there are many cases where it is necessary to improve the traditional Khadar system so that the children of thousands can contribute to build and improve the Khasi Khadar system. “It is very important if we want to preserve the unique system of governance of the Khasi,” said Bah Kharshiing.
But be more careful," suggested Rikynti and drank the juice. "I don't understand what you mean. Hiram asked, “You know that when there are people who are stupid in any work, it is pleasant because they don't laugh.
Younger's United FC won 4-2 goals against Hala-Shlem FC and the tie breaker was won by Hala-Shlem FC. Rangstarwell Wankhar, Ranger Officer (Retired) of Younger's United FC. Speaking at the meeting, he recalled the good deeds of FKJGP Sawsymper Circle and the participation of FKJGP Sawsymper Circle. together with him to provide relief to the families who have suffered in the past years.
The organizers of the event, expected the attendance of about 3,000 people, but when no one arrived at the venue, the food prepared for the event, was in vain. completely.
New Delhi, Naitung 10: The Union Government has been criticized for ignoring the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju, in declaring Nagaland a state of emergency. There was a rumor that Rijiju was not happy with this.
“If the people work, unite and vote like Ma Ieid, I will go ahead to contest the election but if they don't unite, I will sit,” said Bah Doffley. sit in the crowd who is able to stand.
Rangdajied United FC took a 1-0 lead by the end of the first half.
If no one complained against me then I ended up with just that.
On the claim that it is the BJP that can bring about development in Shella constituency, Titos said, “If they can do that, why can't they do it for the whole state?” .
Prestone said the people who will get the injection will be those who have already registered themselves on the portal of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Replying to this, Deputy CEM Gigur Myrthong said that the Council will have to look into the proposal of MDC Rambrai Jyrngam next year, as the tender has been submitted. Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District (KHADC) has appointed a new Administrator Rule for the implementation of the Administrator Rule in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). to write to the government to allow trucks to carry coal from 9 tonnes above the current vehicles.
“If you ask us, you can also ask the NPP because they have been rejected by the people of Khasi-Jaintia,” he said.
Therefore, the Governor of Odesa that morning, said that Russian troops have started to attack the city once again and this time, the Russian troops. They went to spread to the workplaces of the country as well as to the residential buildings.
Furthermore, the market, which is an important part of the Khasi Hills, has become clean not only in terms of markets, but also in the way of working, in which the Khasi people have benefited greatly.
The delegation was led by Tyngshain Makri, President HYC Bhoirymbong Circle, to meet with the EE PWD Umsning. .
Several procedural changes were also introduced in order to promote and streamline these activities, such as a 50% discount for early withdrawal, tolerance of only one bid for auction, more liberal terms and conditions and others.
According to intelligence agencies, there are still many women who have participated in public protests in the past and who are still being held by the Taliban, including Julia Parsi, Manijeh Sediqi, Neda Parwani and Parisa Azada.
He said that although there is no road, there are many people from all over the country who come to visit the valley from time to time.
The names of leaders such as Dr. H. Lyngdoh, Prof. RR Thomas, Prof. G. G. Swell, Rev. JJM Nichols Roy, Mavis Dunn, B. Khongmen and others of the ancient period have been mentioned. and their valuable and memorable leadership.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Secretary Shnong Mawlaingut, Bah Saiñdon Nongbsap, said that the road was worked on Tuesday, but when the farmers went to Dewsaw on Saturday, they found that the road was high when they tried to clear the road. lap that the road is not clean.
Doctors who are experts in the field have been appointed to provide information and explain to the public regarding the vaccination to prevent the spread of Covid
The Indian government has strongly opposed Twitter's failure to comply with the new Information Technology Act.
Basan said the PMAY (G) is the mission of the Government of India to provide housing to the people in the rural areas.
The BJP has slammed the NPP, the UDP has slammed the NPP and the NPP has also slammed the BJP and the UDP. Other small parties have also joined the big parties in the government. .
In this regard, it was said that according to the video received through the cameras installed in these places, these Muslims were seen entering the place after the blast, to go and find your relatives and rescue them if they can still rescue them.
Shillong: The Seng Samla Mawlai Pyllun (SSMP) is deeply saddened by the situation that has arisen due to the suspension of commercial vehicles especially taxis since 3rd June 2021 until now.
Speaking to media, Rakkam said, “The Ministry of Education of the Union Government has not yet released the 1st Installment.
The SP of WKHD, Bah S.Nongtnger, said that the forest groups had already hidden in the village and as soon as the police arrived in the village, the forest groups had already hidden in the village. attacked the police force.
Therefore, there is a way to go to the law, when the judgment is sufficient, the foundation is sufficient.
The incident occurred on Monday morning when the party led by Bah Donbok Dkhar, as President, decided to turn to the Secretariat to break the placards. He also condemned the MDA-2 government.
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court today heard a hearing by Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W Diengdoh on the request of a woman to take part or nominate herself for the election. as Rangbah Shnong, in any village.
Also present at the meeting were War East MDC Gillroy Tariang, leaders and supporters of the incumbent MLA Lahkmen Rymbui.
On the other hand, Bah Sanbor said that the central government has listened to his request as an MLA and also as a BJP leader from Meghalaya because they want the children to have the opportunity to exercise. does not play sports and also to avoid bad habits.
S Shang scored the goals in the 26th minute, N.Sang in the 55th minute and one own goal in the 35th minute.
Novak Djokovic has easily reached the quarter-finals of the Italian Open after beating British opponent Cameron. Norrie by 6-3, 6-4.
The future of the Church and the country, Know that young people are in you, So be strong, young people, Don't be deceived by Satan.
Purningstar Shabong, Jefferson Thabah, Rahul Dutta, Barisha Kharbuli, Naphi Phanbuh, Kelvin Lyngdoh, Dr. Wadamika Lyngdoh, Ibalahunshisha Wahlang, Gordon Diengdoh, Norbert Pathaw, Rupert Pathaw, Neil Kharmawlong, Day Ben Khyri Pathaw. Kharbuli, Mack Nongkynrih, Fer Sten and all the friends and supporters who have always been there and encouraged us DBRYN Records.
Anyone who has seen or received any information is requested to call +916001633859 / +9
Generous Warlarpih, Vice President of the Union, said that before raising the new price, the beef sellers have met three or four times to discuss. He said that after careful calculation and after thinking, the meat producers have decided to increase the price because there is no profit for them if they continue to do so. it shall be sold at the same price.
The District Sports Officer, Shillong has conducted an age screening test today 17th June 2023 at the JN Polo Stadium, Shillong.
“I don't have it but my mother told me that the Rangbah Shnong just came and said that and left,” said Curtis.
The UDP has contested against Bah Synshar after his mother, Bah HDR Lyngdoh passed away suddenly on 20th June before going to the polling station. Sohiong.
“It is easier for us to meet the Chief Minister than the Principal.
Their protest came shortly after the authorities released their salaries for the month of July this year.
Article 7 states, “That the patta holders shall assist as far as possible the Government or any Excise Officer and also the Lyngdoh's personnel in the arrest of smugglers and sellers of smuggled liquor”.
The team was led by SI KP Singh of Pastuer BH with his followers with the assistance of Assam Police.
Rs 44 crore will be taken from the Corpus Fund of the State Government and Rs 78 crore will be taken from the Corpus Fund of the State Government. The first installment of the adhoc grant is from the Government of India.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Prime Minister, SNSBH President Dr Werlok Kharshiing said, “We want to get the VAB. of the government of KHADC”.
On the 22nd July, 2022, Bah Banteidor and officers announced the Office Order in honor of the victory of the farmers in Mawkatheiñ village where thousands of farmers from all over the countryside came to witness.
“We strongly condemn this Bill and ask the BJP leaders in the state how they will react to this action of Modi.
“Until now, we have been silent and allowed the police to do their duty when they patrol the streets of the villages.
Shillong: The Superintendent of Police (ESP) East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday announced a ban on heavy vehicles in Sohra and Mawphlang on the 8th, 9th and 10th of this month.
When her husband did not return to the police station, Mamta Joshi and other policemen took sticks, wire cables and shot her inside the police station. women and men.
Besides, the Minister has also directed the officers to issue a notice to explain clearly the duties that ASHAs should perform and not to perform the duties that they should not do because in every village There are also ANMs and Mid-Level Health Providers (MLHPs) working in the health sector.
They said that if these contractors do not complete the construction of the buildings soon, the Dorbar Shnong will take action to lodge a complaint with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong. on the failure of the contractors to complete the work on time.
In East Khasi Hills District, 98 new cases including 41 cases from Armed Forces and 57 cases from civilians, 27 cases from East Jaintia Hills District, 3 cases from North Garo Hills, 3 cases from North Garo Hills District. There are 3 cases in South West Garo Hills, 17 cases in West Garo Hills including 7 cases from Armed Forces and 10 cases from civilians, 1 case in West Jaintia Hills and 2 cases in West Khasi Hills. In East Khasi Hills, 961 cases including 185 Armed Forces and 776 civilians, 34 cases in West Khasi Hills, 1 case in South West Khasi Hills and 125 cases in Ri Bhoi District. cases including 39 cases from Armed Forces and 86 cases from civilians, 13 cases from West Jaintia Hills, 129 cases from East Jaintia Hills and 204 cases including 84 cases from West Garo Hills. and 120 cases, 9 cases in South West Garo Hills, 20 cases in South Garo Hills, 16 cases in East Garo Hills and 12 cases in North Garo Hills.
In addition, the programs conducted by various government departments were reviewed to ensure for the benefit and welfare of women and children in the district.
Shillong, Lber, 21: The State Government on Tuesday said that it has tried many measures to evacuate the residents of the Harijan Colony and there will be no reason to ignore the measures or orders. “The government has made many attempts and has not yet taken a decision to evict the residents of the Harijan colony.
Speaking on political parties which divide the society through ethnic differences, Conrad said the current elections are very important for the protection of democracy and to fight against to the forces that try to bring division.
Later, Dr Mukul Sangma visited the Maternal and Child Health Hospital at Panaliar, Jowai and also inspected the oxygen supply which has been pending for six months.
“It is his goal, he has been in politics and involved in Delhi and he has seen that if the region is not united we cannot do anything,” said Dr Kharlukhi.
Eugeneson defeated Kennedy by 4,226 votes.
However, in the middle of that age there was another old man who had died for her and that was her own Panah.
The Officer In Charge of Sohra Police Station did not get the names of the two men who were arrested at Ar-Wah. “What can be done to report on the work that the people have made peace with the village authorities?” he asked.
Women need about 25 to 30 grams of fiber per day.
The house was handed over to the family of Kong Biki Biam along with other necessary items including a set of sofa chairs, two beds, a table, stoles, a drawl and other necessities.
Those who use heroin have to spend about 500-1000-2000 tyngka a day, depending on how many months or years they have been using, and it doesn't take a day to get treatment.
The Cabinet also approved the tender for the improvement of the Cuttack Ring Road to 6-lane from Khannagar to Link Road under the State Sector-Road Development Programme.
In the fourth quarter final, Dulong beat FAM 4-3 by a tie breaker.
The Mawkhar Dorbar Shnong in collaboration with the Mawkhar Women's Association, Mawkhar Youth Association and Mawkhar Sports Club will hold a cleanliness drive on the 17th of this month from 7 pm to 10 pm.
Shillong, June 14: The SRT today concluded its 25th Anniversary at Don Bosco, Shillong.
“It's enough, I'm in the goal, we're on the road to the fight and it's up to Uba Nalor to write.
He said that those who are most affected by this disease will also be those people who are just starting to raise cattle.
He said that he is very concerned about the entry and exit and that is why he does not want the Congress to join hands.
At least 36 children have become ill after being found infected with the virus at a government school in Saran district of Bihar.
Nongstoiñ: On the 8th of this month, a woman has lodged a complaint against a man named Solomon Wanniang, 21, from Nongkaning village on charges of rape. and touched her 6-year-old daughter.
He hoped that through this festival, it will become one of the festivals that will benefit the future.
The cleanliness drive was inaugurated by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah.
The MDC said that earlier the CEM had allocated more than T.2 crore out of the T.133 crore for the construction of the Umsning market, the share that the KHADC receives from the government. in the middle where he removed this share of Umsning and moved it elsewhere.
Speaking at the meeting, KSU President Bah Lambokstar Marngar said, “The new CEC will fight against drugs in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnongs and schools. The State Government should develop new measures to curb this problem so that drugs can be eradicated from the society.
The Village Council has not allowed trucks to park there until there are inspectors from the NHAI. The Village Council has not allowed any company / private / agency to park there until there are inspectors from the NHAI. The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang has taken a contract for the land without the permission or understanding of the Dorbar Shnong Umkiang.
“This is only in the trailer, we will meet again soon at a larger gathering,” he said, praising the new group for gathering several people although it is the first time. first spirit.
The villages that have received this benefit this year include Bakur, Pyrdiwah, Naya Bazar and two schools including Umsyiem School and Hatthymmai School.
The implementation of this is that if you go to break or deposit plastic bags, milk bottles and others at the designated places, the residents will get money and profit.
But that step came with a heavy heart for her son.
The houses most damaged in the incident were the house of Romi Buhtep, Pu Buhtep, Phah Khongngain, Khang Khongngain, Block Dkhar. of Ksoin Buhtep and Wanra Buhtep, besides the house of a person, the storm also destroyed the house of the Aganwadi Centre.
Shillong, Jymmang 07 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the government has decided to suspend the construction of skywalks in Shillong. Walkable City.
We don't like it and we don't like what you are doing,” the HITO leader sent a statement to the Assam Sanatan Dharma Sabha (ASDS).
The headmistress was arrested for eating and drinking with cow meat inside the school.
“The purpose of Behdieñkham is to celebrate the blessings of the Creator through nature,” said the Dolloi. Rejoice and be glad and hope for the best in this year throughout the year.
“We have seen through the pictures of the trees spread through social media and we have gone to meet the Executive Engineer of the PWD department, to show how torti construction of this road.
It is worth mentioning that the announcement by the Prime Minister to ban the old T.1000 and T.500 notes, has shocked the people in the state until banks can no longer supply money in their ATM machines. .
“Therefore, it is necessary for all of us to consider carefully the political process that has happened and will happen in the coming years and how we should vote in such circumstances,” he said.
However, this is not the end of the COMSO. They will go back to these gates to check the work of the Infiltration Police, whether they are working well or just because they have union members work, he said.
“I am not going to attend the meeting but I am in Vellore to look after my sick child,” said Bah LG Nongsiej.
The award ceremony will be held in Jorhat on 16th June,
His question, 'What is the appearance of the President,' shows that he is dirty and poor and thinks only of the big ones,” said BJP State President Ernest Mawrie. He said that this statement is a crime against all ethnic groups in the country.
The two-day tournament was attended by five schools including Christian Academy Higher Secondary School, Pearly Dew Higher Secondary School, St. Dominic's Higher Secondary School, Mawlai. Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Seng Khasi Higher Secondary School, Sacred Heart Boys Higher Secondary School, Government Boys Higher Secondary School and the Seng Khasi College (Higher Secondary Section).
Shiban is relaxing but shiban is physical exercise for your health.
He thanked the MLA for his donation and said that as soon as he called the MLA, he picked up the phone and promised to help them and this encouraged them.
He also declined to comment on the question whether there is politics that has caused the Kharmetor not to be evicted despite the long demand. “I don't want to say anything about politics, but if anyone does, they should remember the nation".
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Rani said that he had the intention to contest from the UDP in this election, but after there was a confusion of opinion as a leader, he could not.
“If the Indian government respects Manipur for implementing the ILP for only two days, then it should do the same for Meghalaya. “If other states in India have the right to protect themselves, we have the same right because we are not second class citizens in India,” said Robert June. He added that the demand for ILP is not to hate those tourists but to protect the right to self-determination.
Among these foreign shops, there are those who have not renewed their trading license.
The meeting also discussed the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) and Swachh Bharat Mission of the Ministry of PHE, the MHSSP and Pradhan Mantru Bharatiya Jan Aushadhi Pariyojana (PM -BHIM) under the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Poshan Abhiyan under the ICDS, Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana (PMKSY) under the Ministry of Soil and Water Conservation and Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY) and the Public Distribution System (PDS) for Priority Household (PHH) of the Ministry of Supply.
After laying the foundation stone, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the foundation stone laying ceremony was a gift from the state government on its 10th anniversary on Tuesday.
There are 12 MP nominees in the Rajya Sabha and the BJP hopes to get 11, but there are still less than 15 MPs and it will be a big challenge to count where these 120 MPs will come from. to support the party, to pass the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB).
Others said that at such a time of evil and the emergence of religious groups, religious differences, the emergence of groups to unite and bring about religious cooperation is very important.
The Seng's objection is on the grounds that Adhar is not yet mandatory in the state and the Government should not ignore this court order.
He also urged them to have a sense of responsibility and spirit of cooperation for the development of the community, the state and the country as a whole.
Hebrews 1:1.
Police have arrested three persons involved in the incident, Dulal Rishi, 41, Nipen Rishi, 38 and Hemandra Rishi, ngu na this is the dong.
He said that many of the contractors have brought in contractors who are not yet qualified to work because they have not complied with the orders of the contractor.
The 8th Meghalaya State Shooting Championship was built at the expense of the MLA scheme during the tenure of Bah Hamlet as MLA. The tournament came to an end on Sunday at the Indoor Shooting Range of the Assam Regimental Centre, Happy Valley, Shillong.
The Congress Sohiong today welcomed the Working President of the UDP Sohiong Circle, Bah Charles Thabah, Bah Alester Sun of the Rangshken UDP Circle and other members of the UDP. Welcome to the Congress House in Sohiong today in the presence of HDR Lyngdoh, MPCC Working President James Lyngdoh and others.
Detailed information on the arrested persons will be released after a thorough investigation.
This is one of the strongest proofs that it was the Karbi who came to settle in Jaintia Hills or the Pnar, not the Jaintia or the Pnar who came to settle in Karbi.
He also directed the state government to consult with all the political party leaders on the implementation of the schemes.
The NFNS will hold a public meeting in Tripura to raise awareness on the need for a full state for the purpose of special protection for the minorities. The meeting will be held on 23/9/2
He said the recent elections during the pandemic have brought about a major shift in the way elections are conducted across the world as COVID-19 related duties have now become part of the method of operation.
She has been a servant who has helped thousands of people across the Ri Khasi Jaintia.
Those who cannot climb arted after they have fallen shall not be applauded.
According to information received from the police, after receiving a tip that some people were trying to rob a truck at ICAR with the intention of stealing and robbing, the police immediately rushed to the scene. However, when the police arrived, the robbers fled the scene in a vehicle without a number plate.
GNLA Political Secretary Bikdot Nikjang Marak in a statement said, “This Bill is only an attempt to portray foreigners as Garo people”.
Phidalia Toi has been resigned from the post of Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Women's Commission.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today launched the Community Led Landscape Management Project (CLLMP) scheme funded by the World Bank with a grant of US$48 million for the protection of the environment. environmental protection, including agriculture, soil protection and birdlife.
Ma Hamphrey L.Ryntathiang, Lyngdoh of Hima Lyngiong Lyngdohship, who was the chief guest at the training and explanation, said that blood donation is necessary to help those in need of blood. time and there should be no fear and expressed that he has been donating blood from time to time.
Braveheart scored the first goal through D Nongkynrih in the 5th minute. The villagers fought hard to score the first goal of the match and it was in the second half that they managed to score again. N Bina's goal in the 76th minute.
Bah Enshon is retired from MeECL and is well known in the state in the field of filmmaking.
In the men's category, FKJGP beat RI-AR Promoters 56-42 points and Stephan Biam of FKJGP won the player of the match. Bashemphang Kharnaior of Aeronation was named the underdog 56-41 points.
They said that as of now, any jobs that are tendered by government departments have been awarded, but only those who have connections with MLAs or Ministers, but for those Contractors who have no relationship with them, which means that they do not get jobs, even after they have purchased the Tenders.
Priority Household (PHH) has the same weight of 5 kgs per head whether in urban or rural areas and nothing is distributed.
Our struggle is to achieve full protection.
He recalled that there was a time when it was planned to extend MUDA to Laitkor which was called the Municipal Corporation at that time, but the Rangbah Shnongs went to talk to the Municipal Corporation. He said that the last time they talked was during the tenure of Bah Sanbor Swell, Minister in charge of the department, and the proposal to expand the border did not succeed at all.
The protest was led by the Garo Hill State Movement Committee (GHSMC) and supported by the Garo National Council (GNC), Achik Holistic Awakening Movement (AHAM), Garo Students' Union (GSU) and Achik Youth Council. (AYC), the Mother Union (MU) and other Achik groups.
I hope that this article will be of benefit to those who receive it.
“It is a great day for us, because after six months of introducing the State Mental Health Policy, we have now been able to introduce and implement this Mental Health Helpline, which is a great attempt. “To provide services to the residents who need these assistance in a timely manner,” said the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K Sangma on the occasion of the launch of the helpline. In the presence of P.Sampath Kumar, IAS, Principal Secretary, Kong RM Kurbah, IAS, Secretary, Ramkumar S, IAS, Mission Director, Dr. YA Phira, CEO, State Mental Health Authority, Meghalaya and Dr. .SS Nongbri, Director, DHS (MI/MCH&FW) cum Jt.
Police have seized at least 40 battery tower mobile phones from their bedroom.
How much is 2 tyngka, 5 tyngka.
The past events should surprise us as in these times when the rain comes and destroys many vegetables and fruits from the heat of the sky.
The earlier report showed that there are about 16 weighbridges in operation across the State and by the end of this month, the number of weighbridges in operation will increase.
However, the MDA government has just deceived us the people and we too are quick to forget.
Shillong: As part of the preparations for the arrival of the President of India, Murmu, on the 16th July 2024, the state government has been covered with jain and erected The shopkeeper was arrested on Civil Hospital Shillong.
Small vehicles which used to earn mostly from Motphran to Nongrah, NEIGRIHMS, Polo and other places have now had to earn only to the court.
He expressed his satisfaction to see NEPA become one of the leading police training centers in the region.
They work as hard as they can and stay away from time to time until they get a better job.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Chief Minister of Mawkyrwat Constituency. He said that this is the first day as a Chief Minister of Mawkyrwat Constituency. After winning the MLA Election 2023 in the coming days.
One thing the Bible tells us about this group is that in its struggle and journey to freedom it fought and worked with God.
She also expressed her gratitude to the pioneer of women poets, Professor Streamlet Dkhar.
The federation has organized Inter School Championships and State Level Championships every year in which sub-junior, junior and senior players have participated.
“Therefore, the government will have to consider this issue and we hope that gradually we will be able to find other ways and means to address this issue,” he said.
In the fields, to prevent the collapse of crops by the wind, strong support should be given to the crops and if farmers do not have safe shelters, they should avoid the equipment. to avoid injury and to keep animals away from water bodies, tractors and or any other equipment used during farming.
In the second meeting with the District Commandant Home Guard, the officer said that he cannot do anything because it is the responsibility of the District Office. Administration headed by the DC to do this.
“We have given two days and if you don't give the result within two days we will not hesitate to sit on strike again not at Malki Square but at the residence of the Prime Minister,” said the President of the Association, Bah B Riangtem. talk to the media.
Nongstoin, Naitung 13: About 10 persons were seriously injured in a road accident which happened at Pompor Nondien, New Nongstoin, this morning. Nano (ML06 4559) collided with a truck (ML06 4743) which was coming from the opposite direction.
When inquired about the reason for the decline in the price of kwai, all of them said that it has decreased since the purchase, the sellers of wai dong said that it has decreased since the buyers, the dealers said that it has decreased since the farmers. water.
Chairman of USTM Mahbubul Hoque said the Institute requests the Meghalaya government to help in the allocation of funds when necessary so that at the beginning of classes, they no longer need to borrow money to send fees to the students.
He urged the students not to lose hope despite their poverty but if they have a goal to study and get education, the presence of these mission schools will help them to reach their goal. He also promised that as a mission with him, they will provide assistance to the students in their studies and hopes that they will improve through the opportunities they get from these schools.
Hek said that if the BJP forms a government and leads the government after the elections, the BJP government will launch an investigation against those accused of corruption.
Nongstoiñ: The body of a 3-year-old girl was found by the residents of Langja village in West Khasi Hills District on Friday. half of a forest area which was a cremation site which was strongly suggested that I might be killed by the enemy by the bloodthirsty.
Bobby is one of the leading football coaches in the state, where he has been involved in coaching the leading team in the region, Shillong Lajong FC. About 1,0 Three foreigners have been arrested in Mizoram for checking those who entered the country without providing Inner Line Permit (ILP) documents.
In Non-Gear Scooty category, first prize went to Bantiplang Kharjana, second prize went to Deepak Kumar Sah, third prize went to Angelus Jasaiñ. Nongrum.2 Stroke Expert Category, first prize Jaki Trang, second prize Khrawborlang N Dhar and Teibor Wankhar in the third prize. 4×4 Stock Category, first prize Banlamphang Marboh (Driver) & Rickyniel Nongrang (Co-Driver), second prize Daniel Kharkongor (Driver) & Sanos Kumar (Co-Driver) and third prize went to Sunny Nongrum (Driver) & Larry Syiemiong (Co-Driver).4×4 Modified Category, first prize went to Francis Kharkongor (Driver) & Deihok Kharmalki (Co-Driver), Second Prize went to Sandy Cliff Marbañiang (Driver) & Rooney Lyngdoh (Co -Driver), the third prize went to Protik Roy Malniang (Driver) & Viru Dkhar (Co-Driver). The theme of this event is #knowyourHIVstatus or #typicalHIVstatus.
God has brought an end to the reign of great kings and Daniel says, “In the days of those kings the Father of heaven will set up a kingdom that will never be brought to ruin. and it shall endure for ever.
The moments when we are filled with love and we don't want that time to end.
The CSF recalled that Cardinals, Bishops and religious leaders had met and explained to him in recent days, and afterwards they returned to their duties. “How long do you expect India to remain silent, while we are being persecuted,” said the CSF in a letter to Modi.
The match programs are: Bethany Society vs Moran Blind School at 2:00pm, Handicapped Association vs Garo National Blind Football Club at 3:00pm, North East Shower Blind Football Club vs FABB Kolkata at 4:00pm.
Also present on the occasion were the BDO of Mawkynrew Block, Bah LT Tariang, Doctors in charge of Mawkynrew PHC and Jongksha PHC, Health Department staff, school children, teachers, ASHA and Anganwadi workers. , residents, Holy Cross School authorities and others.
We are pursuing this goal through the Saksham Anganwadi and Poshan Missions
“I am delighted that the Reliance Foundation Young Champs Naupang League has been held here.
In a statement, Edenfield Khonglam, Information Secretary of FKJGP Riwar Mihngi, admitted that even until 9 am, no fuel has been received.
When inquired by Rupang, the SDO (Civil) in charge of Pynursla, said that according to the report received by her office, there is no one. She said that some of the students were unable to reach the examination center and said that some of them arrived later because of the earthquake.
" (Written by Bah MG Lyngdoh in the Christian Heritage, February, 1929, page 23).
The second goal came in the 44th minute when Daunisakiai Dkhar scored.
In the end, the opposition won, as many of the participants present agreed and opposed.
For that reason, the human soul needs the Resurrection.
On the other hand, Dr War said that until now, many people who have met and people who have gone to take part in the wedding ceremony are still exempt from contract tracing.
Isaiah 9:6.
The PDF's claim that Pynshngain is Moses has insulted Moses, the hero of the Bible.
She said that the purpose of the NHHDC is to reach out to assist in the market only to those garment manufacturers who have signed a social agreement with the NHHDC where they can import their goods. The second is to improve and train their skills.
The Kiang Nangbah Memorial Society, Jowai has launched the 160th Anniversary of Kiang Nangbah by holding a drama competition at Panaliar on Thursday. Andrew Shullai, MDC Jowai Central Constituency, was present at the meeting.
Puraki Shadap Passah took three wickets in five overs and Chanlangki Lypon took three wickets in four overs.
The Deputy Commissioner also distributed certificates and moments to the District Social Welfare Officer, EJHD, Mrs. R. Passah, the Supervisor, Mr. Patrick.
The source has not yet confirmed the whereabouts of the 13 lakh metric tonnes of coal.
At the same time, Mohrmen also told about the land grabbing by the dewbilat factories which have bought the land of the villagers at a high price by using the villagers to register.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Markets, shops have been closed and few vehicles have been traveling on the roads due to the 12 hour curfew imposed by the HNCL today.
The person who criticized in the media is known as Living Rymbai and this criticism of the religion has spread throughout the media which has affected and upset the believers who are still following the Niamtre Niam Tynrai.
Vehicles going to Shillong from Thangsning to Rum will pass through Laitdiengsai-Laitlyngkot, no vehicles will be allowed on all the Smit-Shillong and Smit-Thangsning roads.
He said that he along with 3000 supporters from Mawsynram have joined the NPP, a move welcomed by Mawsynram MDC and Block President Bah Alvin Sawkmie.
Dimapur: The demand of the NSCN-IM is for a bigger Nagaland, with its own flag and Thuingaleng Muivah, General Secretary of the party, said that this is the case in other neighboring areas, where Nagas live in other states.
The rally started from Lyngngam Presbyterian High School Mawthengkut and ended at Dorbar Hall Riangdo which is about 2 km from the school.
At the meeting, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, said that he has been criticized by the public and political parties, who have criticized him, for not saying anything on the Reservation Policy, until There were those who went to tied tin at his house in Umsaitsniang.
For the development of the state we are eager and willing to cooperate with the government but if you reject the contribution of the central government, it will cause anger.
Shillong, November 15 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Affairs, Sniawbhalang Dhar on 13th November inspected and monitored the implementation of four projects out of 17 projects. Your Smart City project.
He said that he will write to MeECL to provide electricity to the village immediately. The Seng in talks with him has promised to take other measures if this work does not succeed within 1 month.
The President of KAS said that the meeting will also discuss that the people should use the Khasi language when writing letters or any other writing to the government as the Khasi language has been recognized as an additional language according to the law. passed by the House in
Police have arrested the driver of the bus and taken him to hospital. The SP of South West Khasi Hills District, Bah Herbert G Lyngdoh, said that the cause of the accident was found to be due to the presence of a vehicle. However, he said that investigations are ongoing.
During these two days, there was a heavy fog on the road to Pynursla and it was difficult for the drivers to pass.
The recipients of this award 2013 are Miss Genbalry Thabah 12th Rank, Miss Ibadondor Lyngdoh 18th Rank and Mr Nangmanbha S Mawlong 19th Rank in the SSLC. Miss Baiamonlang C Nongdhar BSc Mathematics 7th Rank and Mr Deme Lahun BSc Mathematics 9th Rank.
Victoria D Kharkongor has allegedly committed suicide at Dispur Police Station on 5th November
They have not informed me about this and I have now requested RTI on this matter to find out the truth,” said the President of CSWO. against the election of two MLAs/MDCs last year.
Unfortunately, this close relationship with Mother Nature has been lost after becoming a Christian and because of the teachings that if we continue to fight for religion according to cultural practices, it means we shall not worship nature or other gods.
This is despite the fact that the Khasi-Jaintia people are facing many difficulties in traveling through the gate which has blocked their way.
Regarding the demand of the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) to review the State Reservation Policy, Bah Metbah declined to comment on the VPP's demand. don't worry about this issue raised by another political party.
D.Biam, Director Club Service, Rtn.
The party calls upon the people to stand together against these human rights violations by coming and taking part in this rally.
Stanlywiss Rymbai could not speak to reporters due to illness.
While the two men were holding hands, the boy ran to parts of Risa Colony for help.
Because of the disease, the world is suffering from financial hardship because there is no cure for this disease.
I like the wise saying, “A blind wife and a deaf husband make a happy home.
At the same time, the DS urged all the youth to cooperate with the Dorbar Shnong to bring peace and order in the village.
“This shows that the UDP has a strong support from the people and the remaining 40 percent of the votes are divided among the other parties,” he said.
They also expressed their dissatisfaction with the calculation of the salaries of some employees in the final draft and it has not been fixed from the first to the third draft.
In this regard, the Meghalaya High Court in the hearing of the case of Kynjaimon Amse against the NHAI on the 15th of this month has ruled that the NHAI should set a time limit and confirm when it will Repair these damaged parts of NH-6
The UGC said that the Governor of Meghalaya, Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary, in his capacity as Visitor of the University, has punished the CMJ University after it was found to have done something wrong. an.
Those who rob or threaten or extort money shall be punished according to the law.
The Minister said that as the migration of villages from Meghalaya to Assam or from Assam to Meghalaya has been measured in history, the will of the villagers has been measured in this year. even the second of limitation.
Secretary VWSC -Mr.
Speaking to Rupang , the residents of the village said that it is impossible to identify which ksew lamwir are right because now there is a fight against each other , and the residents have started to It is reported that this has happened in many villages where at the time of writing of this news, the search for the killing of ksew is ongoing.
Jowai, July 31: The Mihmyntdu Community Social Welfare Association (CPSA) on Tuesday launched a three day training program on “Training on Leadership and Community”. Development " which was held at Ialong Lodge.
Do you have a license to work in another state ? Besides, once the license has been issued, it cannot be extended.
Speaking to media, Lyngdoh said there is no urgency to replace the MPCC President as the election is far away.
“If the government feels necessary, after receiving the investigation report, it will also set up a Safety Audit to conduct an inspection to ensure the safety of the stadium,” he said.
The injured were taken to Goalpara for treatment. The driver of the bus and two others were seriously injured and are now in Guwahati. The injured were identified as Minlikhi Sangma, Ram Newar, Nirmal Thapa, Jopsingh Marak and Nur Islam.
In 1872-73, Shella School became the Shella Proceeding High School. In addition to the Middle English School and Normal School, Nongsawlia and also the Mission Primary Schools began to establish near and far from the village. Sohra.
The Congress and Trinamool Congress have criticized the NPP-led MDA government for alleging that the failure of the roundabout is due to corruption and demanded that it should hand over the investigation to the NPP. Central Bureau of Investigation.
The FKJGP leader in Ri Bhoi, said that if the NHAI cannot repair the damaged parts of the road or announce the vehicles, the FKJGP demands that the NHAI should stop. The NHAI Toll Gate at Pahammawlein, because there is no reason why the people have to pay the money at the NHAI Toll Gate, because they have to walk back through the bad road.
Shillong, Nailar 17 : The Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that not all the residents accept the NPP.
Many schemes for the people have been implemented and more will be announced by the Prime Minister to improve the income and welfare of the poor in the country.
Earlier, raising the issue of unemployment among the youth, the Sohra MLA said that due to the unemployment and lack of opportunities for the youth. in the absence of employment, it has led many youths to fall into many evil deeds including drug and alcohol abuse.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 9: U Prestarding Shangpliang of Thynri village has been arrested by the Nongstoin Police Station.
These MPs have just left you in the city.
Shillong, July 27: U Bah Suly Lyngdoh, a wealthy businessman, has joined the National People's Party (NPP) along with leaders and supporters from Mawsynram constituency.
Under the scheme, assistance for three months is @ T.700/- per month, ie T.2100/-.
This announcement will come into effect immediately for the safety of students until further notice.
They have been elected to hold the post of ruler in their own village, Hima or Elaka.
The FKJGP prohibits the destruction of the Jaidbynriew as a Seng and the Jaidbynriew will strongly oppose such festivals which undermine the dignity of the Jaidbynriew as a whole.
The union has arrested the owner of the shop for this illegal activity, after the union has received a shrip through another member of the union, who went to buy them. simcard without any documents sufficient to get a simcard, where the owner of the shop, without much words, but gave and sold the simcard at the price of T. /- (Three spaces).
He said that there are always shortcomings, because it cannot be said that just being in the Government will be enough, and added that as a citizen he will point out the shortcomings and improve them.
In the men's 21K Elite, Adisu Bekele Abebe of Ethiopia finished in 1:02:21, followed by Tirtha Pun. India finished in 1:04:19, while Too Cheruiyot of Kenya finished third in 1:05:01 hrs.
Nongpoh: Taking into account the complaints of the village leaders and residents of various villages in Ri Bhoi, who have expressed their concern over the non-release of the funds of the MNREGA scheme by the state government. The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP), through its President, Bah Bandary Ryntathiang, has demanded that the government should immediately release the money allocated to the villages, so that the village leaders can that they may be able to participate in the construction of the village and that it will be of benefit to the people in different villages.
B Kurbah scored the first goal for Nongrim Hills in the 25th minute and SL Kynshi scored the first goal for Marbisu SC in the 33rd minute.
The incident came to light after it appeared in the media that the government had sent an inquiry after the young woman had faced many problems.
Prof. Sinha's visit to Kongthong was because he wanted to walk to many of the villages that have not yet reached the road in the Khad-ar Shnong area.
In a statement issued today, Kumar Sanjay Krishna, Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, said that the spread of the disease continues in almost the entire Kamrup Metropolitan District. There is a threat to the health and safety of the people in the District.
The Khun Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has said that the Government's failure to provide clean drinking water is a violation of the right to life of the citizens of the State according to the Constitution. Country.
All this is because there are always some within the government who are interested in their own interests.
This company is honest and reputable and has sold and is trusted by the people. This HPL and this Satnam are still willing to lie.
He played for East Bengal FC, Mohun Bagan and Shillong Lajong among others before retiring in
According to Sinha, the Sports Department has informed that the construction of the stadium has not yet been completed.
Certificates were also distributed to the children from both the teams, and the prize to the winner was presented by the outstanding football player of the state, Eugeneson Lyngdoh. be together on this day.
Tura, Jymmang 12 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday urged the people of Tura Constituency to take advantage of the NPP and give their full support to him as their candidate. Even the MLAs from the Opposition and other parties have understood that it is useless to be left behind and have come to join hands to fight against the NPP. “The MLAs of the Opposition have seen that the will of the people is good for us, otherwise why would those MLAs from the Trinamool, Congress and the ethnic parties come to join us? " asked the Chief Minister.
In his speech, Bah Ardent said that for those who want to contest MDC elections from the VPP, he said that at present the party will not discuss the ticket, but will discuss the ticket. strengthening of the Seng by recruiting members across the Constituencies.
Up to Rs 80 crore for the years 2020 to 2022, which have been pending for many years, has already been sent.
The state is Baptist.
The Village Authority, therefore, requests the residents not to be stingy against the spread of this disease and at the same time the Village Authority warns the owners of houses not to give houses to foreigners. foreigners and especially at this time when we are in the midst of this pandemic that has spread around the world.
82.81 lakh has also been allocated for the construction of the Cremation Ground of the Seng Khasi Raid Laban at Lumparing, the Breast Wall at Sanbor Shullai Road (Ch.
Because the driver of this bus has a vision of up to 360 degrees and the equipment installed on these buses is also faster than a human being can do.
Tomorrow the match will be between Pasyih Cultural and Mookaswan Dongwah at 10.30 pm.
On the alleged spread of rumors by the RSS and BJP, Conrad said he did not know who did it but it was the politics of the rich.
The three arrested were identified as Kynsai Jones Kharlukhi, 25, Shanbor Rani, 23, and Markstar Pariat, both from Mawlai and well acquainted with Bah Coniwell.
The MCA has announced a scholarship for this child who gave his life to save his friends from the traps of death.
Nongpoh: Two days after Dr. DD Lapang took the decision to leave the Congress, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA of the Congress from Nongpoh, today said that he will not have anything to say. Dr. DD Lapang has not been informed of this and has not agreed to return to the party, even after the party leaders have requested him. he shall not return.
He also praised the farmers of Amlarem Block for being hardworking farmers even though they lack education but they can produce 40 varieties of agricultural products.
Regarding the cleaning of the river, which can be said to be one of the most prominent rivers in Ri Bhoi, Bah Devan Warjri, President of RBYF Umsning Circle, said that the foundation has been laid. They said that the union has taken this step to clean up the river after they saw that the river has become very dirty.
Therefore, from these statements of these two leaders, it is clear that the Reservation Policy and the Roster System are issues to be discussed and they do not matter if they are discussed even if there is a feeling among many.
He said the government needs to take a bold decision to evict these residents from Them Iew Mawlong.
Now my goal is to engage the empty.
“We will talk again with the Chief Minister to monitor these issues so that they can be completed,” said Bah Metbah.
The sound of gunfire was heard near the venue on the second day at 1.30 pm, just before the start of the election campaign.
He said the HYC has found that some wealthy people are selling these questions at a price of T.1000 tyngka.
On the same day, the Meghalaya State League also awarded a check of T.10,000 to the winner of the Man of the Match, Bah Treimiki Lamurong (jersey no ) from Rangdajied United FC. The Minister of Education, Meghalaya, RA Sangma and Bah Renikton MLA Mawkyrwat were present. Constituency.
Shillong, Naitung 15 : The Early Childhood Development Mission of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government can be a model for other states, the central government and even the world, said Dr Jack Shonkoff. is the Director of the Center on Developing Child at Harvard University.
He said that the tournament will be played for 64 teams and the winners will qualify while 32 teams will qualify for the round of
Bah CDK Ngor, DHO, said that the smuggled soh is from abroad because the state does not have the equipment to smuggle like other states.
The JSU said that the engineer has worked and the central government has not allocated any more funds to repair these roads except for minor repairs.
In the past 24 hours, no new cases have been reported and one person has recovered from the disease.
“There is something behind this stop which has caused problems to the people not only to the drivers or traders,” he said, adding that those who have challans can throw stones and those who do not. and others shall stand there.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has strongly opposed the proposal to implement the Environment Impact Assessment (EIA) There is an intention to cancel the public hearing before the mining of mineral resources and this is despite the fact that the Government of India intends to extract uranium from the State.
The opening of this Block will ensure that the service will be available to the people,” he said.
It made me really happy, but I would be even happier if I won a gold or silver medal," said Anahat Singh after winning the bronze in the mixed double alongside her teammate, Abhay Singh.
Speaking to reporters, Daniel said that this man, who is not a Khasi, who claimed to be Panbor Simon Kharkongor, met with Kolanstar Syngkong of the police. Meghalaya worked in Delhi on 30th November 2018 and asked for money to speak Khasi.
The party has also demanded from the Defense Minister Amit Shah to strengthen the Sixth Schedule so that the state can have stronger laws to curb the illegal entry of foreigners into Meghalaya. .
This comes a day after the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, announced the decision of the Government to conduct a thorough investigation into the construction of the railway line in Khliehriat, the District Headquarters of the East. Jaintia Hills.
They also lodged a request with Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah and from his office, he ordered them to wait until they can release the metor drivers. sit beacon until they are metor.
The body was shifted to the Civil Hospital Shillong, but the doctors pronounced him dead.
Referring to the BJP's claim that no party will form a government alone after the elections, Banerjee said, “We are not those prophets, but we have the right to “It's a good idea to have a resolution on the 2nd of October 2023”.
The indigenous people of Meghalaya have a close relationship with the land.
It is to be recalled that the government on Tuesday told the Meghalaya High Court that the government has already prepared the Blue Print and has decided to allocate 3 acres of land near the R.P. Chest at Mawbah with a multi-storey house to be built for the Harijans living in Ïewmawlong.
“Is it because of election purposes?” she asked.
Why doesn't the law allow us to travel even to other districts without permission from the government? Instead of prohibiting those who come from abroad, it punishes us. Instead of being allowed to earn a living or go to other districts, it is allowed to accept foreigners.
The stomach is the most important necessity in human life.95 out of 100 people's thoughts are to earn money to feed themselves and their children and also to provide for themselves. household, clothing.
He urged the people to vote for a party that has a strong foundation.
The CSWO has criticized the government for waiting for UCIL to provide roads to these areas and it is the duty of the government to provide roads, drinking water and electricity, not UCIL which intends to kill them. public.
It was also learned that many VECs have to borrow money for the purchase of materials and some have refused to provide even the materials used for the implementation of these projects. schemes in the villages and the main reason for this is because the government has not released much money for the materials.
He said that the country as a whole needs the youth in order to improve income and good governance in order to eradicate poverty and backwardness. improve the quality of society in all.
Only six youths of the Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC) carried placards in front of the BJP office in Shillong to protest against the implementation of the NDA government led by the BJP. The BJP has rejected the CAA which issued the Rule on Tuesday.
“The Meghalaya BJP will continue to work to extend Modi's helping hands and ensure that his government is close to the people.
The TJSME was established by the KJP Assembly after the relocation of the Theological College to Mawklot in
They speak the Karbi language and the tribes begin with the Rong tribe such as the Rongpi, Rympeit, Rongpeit and Rympei tribes. (ii) The Lalung, Tiwa and Karow who came from Kamrup.
“In the past four or five years, there have been many who have not received the Scheduled Tribe certificate because they have taken the jait from their father.
HDR should be included".
To reiterate, we have never seen an MP election as peaceful and peaceful as we are seeing now.
This is a warning to those who own them to take care of their property.
Those who struggle until it becomes a struggle.
East Khasi Hills Police on Tuesday arrested two suspects in connection with the recent murders in Ichamati and Mawlai Mawroh.
The 17-year-old girl is a resident of Upper Mawprem, Shillong.
All lending institutions, including NBFCs/MFIs and DPAs, have worked together with the aim of reducing poverty in urban India.
The Urban Development Department of the State Government has sent a detailed survey to find out how to collect and collect waste from households and how to discharge wastewater from households so that measures can be taken to improve especially to introduce methods of treating wastewater before discharging it into streams and rivers.
Although Hugo Ekitike and Vitinha scored for PSG, Cerezo Osaka managed to turn the tide through Jordy Croux and Sota Kitano.
The two organizations also condemned the BSF for searching vehicles inside the village which caused a heavy traffic jam and frightened the passengers, women and children.
