The twelve fingers make up the two hands and the palms of the hands.
The closure order was also issued by the Deputy Commissioners of West Jaintia Hills, Ri Bhoi, East Garo Hills and others.
It is worth mentioning that the foundation stone of the road was laid by Ma Vincent H. Pala, MP Shillong Seat in the past few months, but the foundation stone has been laid. The FKJGP has urged the FKJGP to immediately complete the construction of the road after they saw and found that the road has deteriorated beyond the limit.
“Don’t touch our plate of food.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that the celebration of the greatness of Tirot Sing Syiem through the Amrit Mahotsav It also provides an opportunity for the citizens to reflect on the contribution they can make as part of the development of the country. the welfare of society through the talents that God has given them.
" The miaw said again, “I have heard that you are wise, but I will not believe unless I see with my own eyes.
Government Business will be held on the 10th, 14th and 17th and Private Member Business on the 13th, 15th and 16th.
Because the board cannot be operated by battery.
“This program is also part of the celebration of the birthday of the Father of the Indian Nation and we should follow the good example he set for the country during his lifetime.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Artison Khongstid, President of FKJGP, Byrnihat Circle, said that inside the area, these foreigners have implemented various schemes but they have not received permission from anyone. .
The mast solar lights were handed over to the Dorbar Shnong Mawkynroh-Umshing by the Governor of RI District Rtn.
The Government of India has not yet ended its attacks on our minority, including other minorities in the North East.
The order comes into force from today and is due to the presence of covid-19 patients or those who have been in contact with those who have covid-19 in these houses.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Chief Secretary of the State Government, KS Kropha, who has been accused of corruption in the CBI, has fallen into the category of robbers and robbers. Therefore, the party said that Mukul Sangma's accusation of corruption against the HNLC should also be made against the Chief Secretary.
If the government is running smoothly, people are willing to follow and respect the rules, but they are the first to disrespect the rules of law.
However, WKH, which played at home, was encouraged by the lack of runs by the opponent and lost by five wickets.
The Minister in charge of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, said that his job is to promote various sports.
The VPP congratulates the MLAs for their courage and determination in this regard and bless them in their efforts to serve not only the people of their constituencies but also the state. VPP Spokesperson Dr. Batskhem Myrboh said in a statement that the constituencies of those in power are in power.
The party said that this proposal of the government will cause problems to the people because in the past when the government gave to the private sector to collect the fuel bill, it has caused a lot of trouble to them. public.
Up to 41 volunteer blood donors came to take part.
In this regard, the District Collector has been appointed to ensure that those who build water tanks and wells should comply with the rules according to the guidelines and this has been taken into consideration under the supervision of the Central Government.
The foundation stone laying ceremony was attended by MDC Mawlai Constituency Bah Teiborlang Pathaw who was the Chief Guest, Rangbah Shnong Bah C.Khongkorngor and other village officials.
Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu has launched an app called 'Arunpol App' for the police department of Arunachal Pradesh. of Arunachal Pradesh.
Not only that, it was also reported that these robbers, who stole, other emails of other Fathers and the authorities at Bishop House, said Father Maiong.
Secretary FKJGP-War Jaintia, FKJGP-War Jaintia, on Tuesday said that a man named T.Sinha has suddenly arrived from Silchar to Amlarem without going through the protocols laid down by the government. The government has banned the movement of people from one state to another.
Furthermore, all teachers will henceforth be required to complete a three-year medical check-up.
The Constitution of India is not only a Book of Constitution, but also a social treaty between the Government of India and the various organizations, groups and ethnic groups that make up the great India.
On July 8, 1978, Cardinal Toppo was elected Bishop of Dumka with his motto: “Prepare the way of the Lord.
In the second leg, Mawmluh Youth Association opened the scoring in the 20th minute through Damutskhem Thabah.
“Both the cases have agreed to withdraw our police forces from these areas and this has been done so that the people can gain confidence.
Ex-Rev K.LangrinThese words are taken from the story of Aesop entitled 'The Watchman of the World and the Old Woman'
Earlier, the Governor informed that the Home Department has strengthened the offices in the districts including the Fire Emergency Services.
Those two employees were taking a shower outside the ground floor.
Shillong: The Kachin National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has launched a raid on the construction of the GCI office building at Rynjah, Shillong.
Shillong, March 02: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has strongly criticized the National People's Party (NPP) led by the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) coalition government for holding the party's flags at the foundation stone laying ceremony of the Prime Minister. On the 30th of this month, the Nongstoin-Maweit road will be completed.
Therefore, if the UDP wants to grow in the coming years, it must give way to the leaders, as I mentioned above.
The search for the bodies, which are believed to be corona patients, continues till yesterday.
Nongstoiñ: The NPP Nongstoiñ Block has become stronger with the entry and joining of some office bearers and supporters from other segments.
“The FDI has increased the value of the Indian currency, the Indian currency has turned into a coin, if you break the T.1000 tyngka in Singapore there will be no buyers, because it doesn't have value. compared to the currencies of other countries,” said Ma Shibun.
However, when they went to the block to get more money to continue the work, the answer they received was that there is no money in the block now.
Based on their findings, they will send a special vehicle or rover this summer to dig for the truth, as they have estimated.
He said that FASToM has requested the State Government to increase the salary by 5% every year so that the teachers will not take to the streets.
It is for this reason that the IND MLAs themselves who have given outside support cannot enter, like Bah SC Sun and Mr. Samuel Sangma who have given outside support to the UDP (associate).
While the AC plans to implement the NEP from 2024-25, the Vice Chancellor (VC) and the Officer on Special Duty have ordered to start implementing the NEP from this year. 2023.
The Government of India has already selected 170 districts in the country as Red Zones and in these areas , you will have a strong opposition.
However, as soon as you win, many of them disappear like smokers. Even to meet them, it is better unless you get a slip or ticket in front of you.
RidaKhlem refused the invitation of her friend Linda and was ready to leave.
He said that if our state is already rich in nature, what else is our part to give back to nature.
If it weren't for the English noun, the network would have been called 'set ka jar.
This we see and experience a little bit even when the Tlang comes.
On the other hand, the shopkeepers in Iewduh have expressed their deep sorrow over the closure of many shops especially those who sell in the square.
Replying to this, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government is waiting for a reply from the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA).
The government has set a target to build all the poor houses in the state by 2022, he said.
Valencia scored two goals in the 30th minute, the first goal was scored by Hugo Duro in the 27th minute and in the 30th minute by Roman Yaremchuk scored the third goal for Real Madrid through Vinicius Jr.
“We are grateful to them because it is through them that democracy has been maintained in India to this day,” he said.
If the people really understand the need to unite the Khasi people, THIS IS THE RIGHT TIME. We all want to see the future of the Khasi people alive and developing in all aspects. everything.
She said that from time to time, it has been stated that there will be no illegal mining if there is no transportation of this mineral.
In addition, we have also talked to the Ministry of Civil Aviation to upgrade Shillong Airport to an international airport.
“I together with the office bearers of the party, are deeply concerned about the call for a public hearing and we strongly oppose this on the grounds that it will affect the six villages including Sonapyrdi, Kuliang, Borsora, Lumtongseng, Sakhri, Shamlong”, said Bah Womsa Talang, Head of Village.
In the second leg, Ram Passah scored the first goal for Loompyrdi Ïongpiah in the 37th minute.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Toi urged the youth to be brave because the youth is the most special time to prepare themselves, whether it is in education, job search or to contribute with knowledge and understanding to the religion, customs, society, country and nation.
The central theme of the program is “Synthesis of Rhythm and Art”.
Regarding the sentencing, NIA Special Court Judge VS Tripathi said that this incident is unprecedented and the convicts have received the punishment is severe.
Relief items such as clothes, food items, drinking water and so on were distributed to the flood victims.
“In 2015, the issue was brought up for discussion in the KHADC dorbar to demand that the State Government should take action to demand the inclusion of the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule. The leadership of Conrad Sangma has passed a resolution in the Legislative Assembly on this issue,” said Bah Lamphrang Blah.
The weed cannot live in the soil because it cannot grow inside.
The HYC-WKH has distributed letters through its units including Nongstoin, Mawshynrut and Rambrai Circle to the dewbilat traders in the district, requesting them to stop taking or selling TOPCEM dewbilat. .“As the organization, we are saddened to see the brothers and sisters who have been beaten, tortured and shot and bombed by the police through the intimidation of the owners and employees of the dewbilat factory in Thangskai. Many of them were injured,” said a statement from the President and General Secretary Wantei Lyngdoh.
Kin shah Taid How.
Umeit FC won 30,000 tyngka and a trophy, while Mawlai Phudmuri FC won 15,000 tyngka and a trophy.
He said that to prevent the spread of Covid-19, the District Council will set up hand sanitizers for those who attend the special meeting tomorrow.
He said that the proposal to enact Article 44 of the Constitution known as the UCC has raised concerns that another form of the Constitution especially the rights of indigenous and minority rights enshrined in Part III of the Fundamental Rights will be abolished and what will remain will be a weak part of what used to be.
He expressed his concern over the poverty in the Sohra area after the coal ban and said that as of now there is no leader for the people to change their jobs. If the people elect him as their leader, he has prepared many programs and policies to eradicate poverty in the Sohra area.
Gujarat Titans will start IPL 2024 on the 24th of this month with the first match against Mumbai Indians, where former GT captain Hardik Pandya will return to Gujarat but as captain. of Mumbai this time.
Police are investigating to find out who is involved in these incidents.
In these villages which have been declared Containment Zone and these households which have been declared Micro Containment Zone, the public has been banned from entering and leaving the area. punished according to the provisions of the Act.
All these shortcomings and delays can be addressed by the State Government by establishing a Directorate of Prosecution and making it fully functional, with its own qualified and experienced lawyers. .
This decision was taken at the meeting of the Associations of Drivers held on 9th July 2020 at the Dorbar Hall at Lad Nongkrem Kynton with the participation of the Office Bearers of the Associations. different types of vehicles.
The incident happened at 10.30 pm when two trucks (NL 01-G-8138) driven by Nisanki Pala and one truck (NL) collided. 01-G-8125 driven by Rimiki Sna, were standing on the roadside for the repair of a tire and at that time another truck number NL-01-G- 8123 driven by Dimus Lawrynniang, who stopped to talk to the driver, but at that time suddenly a truck number NL-01-G-8121, which went to collide with the driver. The truck (NL-01-G-8123) collided with two other trucks parked in the area.
This bridge was inaugurated by Bah DD Lapang in 1992 when he was the Chief Minister of the state. This bridge connects hundreds of villages of Ri-Bhoi Sepngi including to the New Testament.
On the same day, the Raid Laban Sports Social and Cultural Organization (RLSSCO) today held a memorial service to commemorate the 180th death anniversary of Tirot Sing Syiem, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima. he gave his life for the sake of the country and the nation.
It is here that society is filled with unpleasant things that come from the corrupt hearts of people who are instead the weapons of evil.
Galatians 4:4, when the law of Moses was in force.
They said that besides the MLAs whose names have appeared in the newspapers, there will be others whose discussions are ongoing and they ask for time to respond as they are still in talks with their supporters.
India’s use of digital technologies to boost the transportation sector will enhance our performance and position in these sectors in the years to come.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The lack of electricity in rural areas due to load shedding has caused disruption in education as school children do not receive electricity from 12:00 pm to 8:00 am.
According to sources, the incident happened in the middle of the night on the 14th of this month at about 1:30 AM.
The opposition leader said the MDA government should fulfill its promises before the end of its term.
The Special Judge (POCSO) Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District, while hearing the case on 28th June this year, sentenced Shaniah Langstang to 20 years imprisonment with a fine of 20 years. T.3 lakh under Section 377 IPC and Section 6 of the POCSO Act
Speaking to media, the Executive Member of the Ministry of Education and Chairman of the Research and Development Committee of the Council, Bah Carnes Sohshang, expressed his satisfaction to see that there are more than 100 groups of scholars. I would like to thank the people who have come forward to propose that they are ready to investigate the origins of the Jaidbynriew.
Meanwhile, the president of KSU West Khasi Hills said that the KSU is not against the parties demanding Garoland, but they should not cross the border of West Khasi Hills.
Speaking to reporters, the new President of the BJP Meghalaya, Ernest Mawrie, said that as President, he has set a target to take action to resolve the border issue with Assam.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Thursday threatened to immediately close down banks and other depository institutions if they fail to identify the land titles issued by the KHAD. Administration of Land) Act, 2021.
Jowai Police have charged the policeman under Section 306 IPC for his involvement in the suicide of the child and Section 5(a) of the POCSO Act on the marriage of a minor child accompanied by rape.
“If it is a serious problem, they can come and ask the government for help.
The name Jaintia is not the name of a nation, but only the name of a region, and we must also understand that in Jaintia all other nations such as Biate, Karbi and others are included. They are also recognized as full Jaintia people.
The sun that rises brightly and sets before it gets dark is blue-brown, while it stands, it turns blue and white at noon.
This anonymity may be for the benefit of the government and not for the benefit of the people.
In addition to the taste and aroma we get from ginger, we can also get a lot of benefits from it.
It may be recalled that in the past few years, the engineers of the PWD department and Jirang MLA Bah Sosthenes Sohtun have also visited the bridge for the preparation of funds for the construction of the bridge. a new bridge.
These village leaders sent their condolences to the families of these two victims and prayed that God will bless them and urged the government to provide assistance to the families. of these two men.
However, kenosis speaks clearly and tells us that God is infinitely powerful and has emptied all his power and position in order to empower others.
We are now fully prepared to host the National Games in 2023 and other international events," he said.
“We don't have time to talk about anything else, but I speak against it in the flesh and from now on those who marry Dkhars should no longer talk about the jaitbynriew, they are the same people who are against it. “It's not like we're going to be able to introduce any law to protect the people,” said Bah Shylla.
On this day, there was also the torture of members of his party during the raid last month.
Is it not lawful for me to do what I will with mine own? Or is your eye evil because I am good?' So the last ones will be first, and the first ones last.
Meghalaya's U-14 men's, U-17 women's and U-17 men's teams ended their journey only in the quarter-finals.
Expressing his strong opposition to the High Court's decision, the CEM said it doesn't matter if he has to step down for the sake of the nation.
The inspection will be conducted tomorrow and the Khooid of Wah Myntdu has been invited to inspect the landslides in parts of Jowai By Pass, Mihmyntdu.
The Minister will also have a meeting with the Minister of Water Resources and Tribal Affairs, Government of Meghalaya.
The Seng strongly condemns this behavior of this doctor, as the people we trust that as doctors they are the healers of us but unfortunately like this doctor there is someone who has insulted us and lost our trust. We as the organization will not allow such incidents to happen in the society, the sexual harassment of women and children is the work of a person who does not know what the society cannot do. To accept anyone, the party is surprised especially that besides being a foreigner, but he is willing to do this evil deed, this is also an insult to our people, especially to the community. Fortunately, the police have protected us from the hands of the people. If we as members of the party were at that place and time, we would know what would happen to him. Therefore, we send a message to the people, companies, groups and private individuals that they should not dare to bring in foreign workers in any job that we Khasi can do because if If such things happen like violence against us especially against women and children, those who bring in foreign workers will have to take responsibility.
These two members did not have the opportunity to be sworn in as new members, as they are currently taking part in the wedding ceremony of Jahan.
He said that after the government divided the classes XI and XII, it was decided that the classes would be held at the Normal Training School which is 2 km away from the college. The school is in a state of disrepair and it is not possible to hold classes.
On the High-Level community, we agree with the statement of the Umsning MLA.
The 2022 rainy season and the 2023 rainy season are the losses for the farmers of Nongnah, Dirang and Mawlongbah.
Police suspected that the GNLA members were able to use mobile phones inside the jail through a conspiracy with the jail staff and arrested two employees identified as Phrangsngi Kyndiah and Rupam Kuri and will soon verify whether these two persons are involved in the theft and GNLA members in jail.
The Kur has created 14 units of the Kur.
Of this amount, the Government has spent T.30,07,815 in 2010, T.34,05,817 in 2011, T.38,61,060 in 2012, T.40,76,240 in T.53,80,721 in 2014, T.39,43,617 in 2015, T.35,42,816 in 2016, T.36,37,821 in 2017, T.30,17,307 in Rs 72,71,227 in 2019, Rs 84,73,371 in 2020, Rs 1,48,57,688 in 2021, Rs 1,94,69,467 in 2022 and Rs 89,45,589 ha year2023.
More than 19 lakh people have been excluded from the NRC in Assam and are considered as foreigners.
After completing their remand, they were taken by the Thoubal district police.
Before the construction of this road, trucks used to take three to four hours to reach Assam by passing through Rongjeng and Dainadubhi.
These tunnels also extend to the border with Egypt, where goods are also traded.
The screening of the film will continue this month every day at 11 am, 2 pm and 5 pm and tickets are easier to get at 11 am and pm in the evening.
On the election of Bah Metbah, the Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma, expressed his gratitude to all the members of the MDA who have accepted his name.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynshngain has denied the rumors that he has sent his support to the independent candidate Fenella L Nonglait in the upcoming elections. I'm from Nongstoin.
After receiving the results of the tests, it was confirmed that these Albendazole tablets of batch no.
“It is a fact that we have not been able to bring about growth in West Bengal, as we have done in other states and this is because there is a speed breaker in West Bengal, known as Didi ( Mamata Banerjee).
At the same time, the Forum urges everyone to pray for the return of peace and stability in Manipur.
The Taiwanese government recently announced that it will allow more pork imports from the United States from July 1,
MDCs of the Congress Youth Congress including Donevan Kharwanlang, Gabriel Wahlang and Lamphrang Blah, and MLAs including AL Hek, Dhar and Prestone Tynsong.
Dr Lana also explained about the measures to combat the use of tobacco products and the sale of tobacco products in places where they should not be sold, the prohibition of smoking in public places and the public awareness campaigns around the world from educational institutions and communities.
The incident occurred after four contractors attempted to rape and kill a 22-year-old disabled girl at Mother Angela Secondary School, Tura.
There will be no change if even at this time we are still wrong, that is, to re-elect those whom we should have rejected.
We will take strong action to ensure that such incidents do not happen again”.
This is the third victory of Lajong.
Also present on the occasion were District Assistant Commissioner WK Kharbuli, MCS, DSP (L/O) AJ Sangma, Namdong C&RD Block, BDO B. Sungoh of West Jaintia Hills, Assistant Commissioner and Border Magistrate Rakesh Thakur and Circle Inspector Z.Baithanglangdi from West Karbi Anglong, Hamren, Khanduli Village Councilors and Karbi.
Nongpoh: A Khasi household in Jatalong village, Raid Nongtung (Block-2) in Ri Bhoi District, has been arrested for paying a fine of up to T.4,000 to people who claimed to be The Forest Department of Assam, said that the trees were found in the ground floor of the house, which they had just dropped from a Mahindra.
Thus the whole world knew and witnessed that the King of Kings, the Christ the Lord, was born in Bethlehem of Judea.
Alphonsius Khonglah was elected as the General Secretary and Luckystar Mannar was elected as the Treasurer.
The JSU said that many of the students from distant villages who wanted to stay in the hostel but it has been difficult for the students to stay in the hostel because until now the hostel has been destroyed and no one has been accepted. any maintenance on the part of the government.
Before the start of the programme, a short meeting was held where a welcome speech was delivered by the Vice Chief Associate of the club, Bah JC Cajee. , followed by a speech by Bah Synsharlang Lyngdoh, Accounts-In-Charge of the club who explained the purpose of this programme.
Once again Shianglong had another chance to take the ball forward but couldn't score and Rangdajied goalkeeper Banshanlang Sten managed to catch it.
In the presence of Deputy CEM PN Syiem, Alvin Sawkmie, Teibor Pathaw, Gabriel Wahlang, Fantin Joseph Lakadong and other MDCs and EMs of KHDF, the KHDF welcomed the delegation. “On the part of the KHDF, after the agreement of 18 MDCs, we welcome Bah Bindo because we need him not as a party, but in many fields and we welcome Bah Bindo. “We are here to leave the party behind but we are looking at the nation,” said CEM. Trivandrum: Kerala is the state with the highest number of cases of COVID-1 19, with 115 new cases reported in Kerala in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases in Kerala to According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 1749 cases have been reported.
The MLA of the area, Bah RV Lyngdoh, expressed his deep sorrow over the incident.
Many of the people and leaders in the society have pointed out the fact that only the UDP, VPP and Congress have the right to become prime ministers. not yet court.
“All over the world we see that everyone is working hard to improve education among women, Lady Keane College is also an educational institution established exclusively for women.
It was seen that near the High Court, the youths had stood opposite the office of the Deputy Commissioner and hoisted the flag of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council.
When it comes to raising the issues of the villages to be transferred from one constituency to another, we are still facing many problems because South West Khasi Hills District has two large and narrow constituencies but we know that it is the way to go.
It is highly suspected that this attack was carried out by Muslim militants due to the attacks by these militants including the PFI in the past years in the Kalamassery area.
(2) The provision of vehicles carrying synrum synrah so that the market can be free from all garbage.
Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh said, “We have come here to thank the good and merciful God, who has given the Church Bishop Ferdinand Dkhar to be the Supreme Judge. of the Diocese of Jowai and we would like to congratulate the new Bishop who has been willing to say yes to the will of God through Pope Francis to take over this important task entrusted to him.
The MPAC said that as there are still many people who want to surrender and the request received from all over the country to extend the deadline, it has been decided to continue until Tuesday, 10th November, that read; The meeting was held in Shillong at the office of the KSU Central Body, in Nongstoin under the organization of the KSU Nongstoin Circle and in Mawkyrwat under the organization of the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle. Get wet.
Shijian Xingzou, a Chinese journalist, said she had received information from a reliable source that the North Korean leader had died.
This year's semi final will be a surprise and more interesting match than last season as Mawlai, the champions of the Shillong Premier League (SPL), will be able to play against Mawlai. Khliehmawlieh, the best team from West Khasi Hills District, has also played for the first time in the tournament.
Because we have given them fifty years to rule.
The government has tried its best so it should not listen to those who don't want to leave or move out. The government should use force if necessary,” said Ardent.
Noting that the problem is the root cause, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that there are cases where even if they get the land if it is not the village, there are also cases where the land owners don't want to give it. This affects not only Jaintia Hills but also Shillong.
Following the orders of the Chief Minister, N Biren Singh, the security forces of the central and state governments have set up search operations in some dangerous places to release these children. Lamsang Assembly Constituency Leader S Rajen said that the incident occurred at around 10:30 pm local time.
June 1st 2022 Monkey Pox is a disease called Monkey Pox and it is transmitted from animals to humans through animals that carry the disease. pain.
The President of the HPF Sengkmie, Bah G.Khongsit, said that this is not the first time, but it has been done almost every time. difficult for the travelers and residents of the area.
Noticing is the first thing children do.
Moments when righteousness, justice and truth flow like an unstoppable river.
Ma Hamehi Lamare Raliang, who works at Jowai Police Station, passed away on 19th June
Don't be like the rich man who despised and despised others, don't be like the proud Pharisee, and don't be like the five foolish virgins who adorned themselves with outer garments to be seen by others. .
There are only 3 water tanks and the residents have to work hard to get them soon because the water is gradually decreasing especially during the dry season.
Why can foreigners stay in Meghalaya forever?
Expressing their appreciation for the awarding of the RBYF at the festival, the speakers spoke on the important issue of improving education in the district and the state as a whole.
Look more and more at those kha-lyer who sell to Dkhar at the price of T30 or T50 tyngka.
This candidate is the most surprising candidate among all the candidates, because he has not brought many supporters or appointed even the office bearers and departments called Primary Units, but when he and he went up into the hill with his mother.
The Dorbar Shnong has issued these warnings after it was found that many robbers have tried to smuggle medicines, throw jars, throw shyiap, throw stones and throw garbage into the Umiam River. This affects not only the river but also the people who use the river for washing.
Furthermore, households or individuals from shops selling in the village should visit the websites of MeghaMart, or 1917 iTEAMS to send wholesale or retail goods.
He urged the people, groups, Dorbar Shnongs and political parties to join hands to maintain peace and order in the state, not to bring any fuel to the fire.
The shopkeepers said that this is due to the overcrowding in the market as the management has ignored the discussions they had already made at the beginning and as their announcement.
The total number of cases has now reached 23,29,638, making India the third highest number of cases after the United States and Brazil.
Before the opening of the Nongstoin Court, Mawkyrwat Court and Nongpoh Court.
Because of the increased interest in cleanliness after people have become richer and more comfortable, every day is Saturday as well as the day of income and the day of charity.
Shillong, Jymmang 17 : Three residents of Meghalaya, including two from East Khasi Hills and one from Ri Bhoi District, have lost their lives in the sudden storm on the 13th of this month. month.
In a statement, the UDP Laitumkhrah-Malki Circle said that the CBI's visit to the house of Ampareen in the past few days has shocked the party as it has started to investigate, but has not done anything else. During the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma and Kong Ampareen, she was in the cabinet.
He said the Government has set a target of allocating an additional T.25 crore for the implementation of the Rural Backyard Piggery Scheme, a program funded jointly by the State Government and the National Livestock Mission. the Government of India.
On that day, there will be a meeting at the same place and they will start the flag raising ceremony at 10 pm.
Jowai, Nailur, 15: The Bouncers Association of Meghalaya (BAM) Jaintia Hills District today honored the Bouncers Association of Meghalaya (BAM). The new office bearers for the year 2023-2024 were also sworn in on this occasion.
It is also shocking how these drug dealers have tried to deceive the young school children.
According to Genesis 11:4, it is said that mankind desired to build, “.
North Korea's Defense Minister also accused the United States and South Korea of ​​trying to threaten North Korea by using nuclear weapons and intimidating North Korea. for.
On the first day, the Lamphang ordered to remove the slogan issued by Saleng while participating in a short discussion on the deterioration of roads, traffic jam and disrespect for traffic laws in the State. from the proceedings of the House.
Despite these difficulties, the government has tried to complete these pending works especially in Iawmusiang with the cooperation of the MLA of Thiañ and he hopes that this new construction will start soon in the coming days.
Besides, the lack of network has shown that the government through this department has not been able to provide services to the people.
The National People's Party (NPP) through its offices, the NPP-Women's Wing and the NPYF have strongly condemned the attack on the family of Government Minister Dr.M Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday night. urged the authorities to take action on this incident.
The woman said that she is a member of the M&GSPH&SVA.
The new office bearers of the party are President Bah Heimonmiki Tariang, Vice President Samuel Suchiang, General Secretary-Lehmon Talang, Asstt.
Laws and regulations have no value in the eyes of those who have power and who destroy those who are in the middle.
He said that regarding the demand of the group to implement these demands, the MDA government has also passed a resolution in the Legislative Assembly, but the resolution has not reached anything. sha ei spirit.
“I lost my mother when I was a child.
Bah Bajop Pyngrope was welcomed at a meeting held at the party headquarters in Shillong.
This happened in a state like Maharashtra.
Shallang Police have seized 72 Airtel SIM cards, 59 Aircel SIM cards, 97 Reliance SIM cards, 155 Vodafone SIM cards and 33 IDEA SIM cards.
The CCIB has said that it stands firm in the demand to erect a signboard from the Zero Point to prevent the land of the people from going to Bangladesh.
When we are on the path of peace talks, how can we be summoned again and be charged again through new cases,” said Bah Nongtraw.
I told Madam that Mukul Sangma, who wants to become the prime minister, wants to become MR.
But the main business is profit.
They also met with the officer incharge of the Municipal Board West Jaintia regarding the pollution caused by the dumping of garbage in Wah Mynkjai which affects the health of the passengers on the Amlarem-Jowai road.
This place, at first glance, can be said to be in harmony with the belief that the surroundings, the environment and the cleanliness of the area are peaceful.
“If the PHE department doesn't have a problem in paying its salary, why does it happen to the PWD,” said Bah Rani.
The Dorbar will start with the keynote address of the Governor on the first day and the presentation of the budget by the Prime Minister on the 21st of June.
When asked whether there is any negligence on the part of the police department in Tura, Prestone did not accept that it is negligence, but said that there is a need to improve the work of the police department. any crime or theft and any incident that disrupts the peace in the village or city, how can it be known in advance and how will it happen.
Bah Tynsong said that in the state there are many laws and regulations that we can implement to protect our country and nation and what is needed is to strengthen these laws through the Legislative Assembly.
The ceremony will be held on the 29th of November, where Nick will dance and sing Bollywood songs including songs sung by Priyanka, such as Galla. Goodiyan, Desi Girl and Pinga.
Many of the villages that exist now fall under the Mawthadraishan constituency of the MLA, Pariong constituency of the MDC and some go to Mairang and some come and this has caused a lot of trouble to the people.
On the other hand, Conrad K Sangma promised that the state government will try to start the project as soon as possible by allocating funds from the state budget.
Speaking to media, the Chairman of the Core Committee, said that the purpose of the meeting was to discuss many issues including the election of new office bearers and to discuss with all. Taxi drivers working in East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, November 1: The KSU Laban Circle has strongly condemned the arrest of its members by the police in these days. and without any reason but justice has been accused and forcibly prosecuted for unacceptable acts, said the statement.
Spokesperson of the JAC Against Casino, Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, said that the JAC has been opposing the proposal from the beginning. They have taken the casino in Ri Bhoi and until now they have stood on the ground to protest that if the government does not stop they will come out to protest against the people together with the leaders of the JAC. He said that as the JAC has come out against the casino, the JAC has decided to hold another meeting and in this meeting the JAC will call for a meeting. MLAs, MDCs of Ri Bhoi, religious leaders and including prominent figures to discuss and discuss the issue that the JAC strongly opposes the casino.
One of the reasons for holding such a meeting is because Ri Bhoi District has become one of the districts where the ethnic groups have been cleaned up. They have their own role in the working methods and it is necessary to unite together so that we do not spread as the goal is to maintain peace and on that day it was also decided to set up a peace committee. The names will be named in the coming days and the office bearers will be elected.
These include 144 East Khasi Hills, 12 West Garo Hills, 23 Ri Bhoi, 2 South West Garo Hills, 6 West Khasi Hills, 1 South West Khasi Hills, 1 West Jaintia Hills, 7 South Garo Hills and 11 Eastern West Khasi Hills. , East Jaintia Hills 5 and East Garo Hills
The villagers of the area are in great distress these days, whether this news is false or true.
He that is unrighteous, let him be unrighteous; and he that is dark, let him become dark; and he that is righteous, let him become righteous: and he that is holy, let him become holy" Revelation 22:1
Earlier in 2017, the Bishop blessed the S-400 before its use.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, former MLA of Khliehriat Constituency, Bah Justine Dkhar, expressed his concern over the lack of government departments to function fully from the district. Two MLAs from East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, MLA from Khliehriat and Santa Mary Shylla, MLA from Sutnga-Saipung Constituency, have urged the government to take action to bring in the government departments. He said that this is the right time for these two leaders to say something on this issue and They also have the right to speak, because now they are inside the government, so they can convey this issue and even if they are in the opposition, they have the right to convey this issue to the government. government.
Nongstoiñ, July 11: The demand for fish seeds by the residents of West Khasi Hills from the Fish Farming Department is high these days.
Any officer holding the rank of Commissioner and Secretary Education shall be a Member Secretary.
Also present on the occasion was MLA/MDC Sohra Titos W Chyne.
Those who are resurrected in the second resurrection are a resurrection without hope, those who have done evil will be resurrected to the resurrection of judgment.
According to the World Bank, India's per-capita emissions of 1.8 tonnes of CO2 in 2018 – far less than the 4.5 tonnes emitted by other countries.
He said that foreigners should have information on the provisions of the Constitution and the rights and protections that the indigenous people have.
Para Khasi, we cannot say that there are mistakes and shortcomings from the lowest to the highest.
Political parties did not take part in the protest, but those arrested were identified as members of the BJP or TMC. In addition, Bernard acknowledged that all those residents who have requested information through RTI against the government or who have expressed shortcomings in the working of the government or who have spoken against the evil deeds have been named as those who set the fire in connection with the incident.
And with the increase in the number of tourists from one year to another, we must understand that tourists have other purposes, namely to learn about the culture of the people, the events in the history of the country, other areas in which tourists research and inform the world through books, documentaries, theses and other forms of information dissemination.
Therefore, for the sake of the people to witness with their own eyes through the televisions in their homes, the RBYF requests the electricity department to ensure that the electricity should not be used. lip in the night of the World Cup.
However, the farmer of other people's land does not own the land, he uses it because he does not own the land but how to care for, cultivate and improve it, he does not do because it does not belong to him.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: U Chief Minister of Assam, Hmanta Biswa Sarma, on Tuesday visited Shella Constituency to campaign for the BJP candidate from Shella, Kong Arena Hynniewta.
He said that even if the residents carry rice to eat, they are questioned at the place where the BSF troops are stationed and when they carry Cylinder Gas, they are also questioned. The residents of these villages have to answer what to do with these Tyndong shet and such a question is for all the items that the residents of these villages have to answer when they intend to take them to their homes. shed.
On the same day, the party also launched a souvenir on the achievements of the party in the past years since its inception which was launched by the Lamphang of the state and other dignitaries. The cake was cut as a sign of the 25th Anniversary of the organization.
The meeting was attended by Father Cosmos Jyrwa, Parish Priest of Divine Mercy Parish, Umdang and other Fathers, Sisters, Brothers and others.
Athletics NZ said it has also submitted a proposal with the DFSNZ to conduct a squad assessment of the athletes who can be selected for this year's Athletics World Championships. Championships  in Budapest.
The broken bones have been alive and well since before 1948 A.D. The Prophet Ezekiel tells what God revealed to him by saying.
At present, I have already applied to the World Bank and the work has already progressed to 80% for the construction of the road from Umsning to Sonidan, which is 40KM long and The same is true of the remaining road from Sonidan to Jagiroad.
Speaking to media in Shillong, Gaurav demanded that the Supreme Court should quash the decision it has already issued against the BJP, accusing the BJP of spreading propaganda. news that shisha.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Samla Gabriel Mawlong said that the government should implement what AMDA demands because it is an urgent need and there is an Institute and the government will provide financial support to the winners who will participate in the competition. to different rhythms.
These are the two independent candidates.
“From tomorrow 29.03.2021 we have decided to ban the sale of goods on the footpath to ensure the safety of the pedestrians as well as the school children,” said Edystone.
The statement said that it understands that the government has failed to award the tender to MS/Rocky Dhar after three attempts to award it to this private company.
The remarks of BJP MLA Mohan Singh Bisht have stirred up trouble in the Assembly, in which four MLAs have been expelled from the House.
It is learned that the Alto K-10, was on its way to Nongpoh, but when they reached the scene, they encountered an unexpected incident, until one of the vehicles. friends who were sitting in the same car who died hashen.
Marshial Nongrum scored the first goal for One Soul Utd in the 63rd minute.
He recalled the ministers of the Hima Sohra who had asked Syiem Borsing to temporarily renounce his Christianity in order to appoint him as Syiem again. they shall not be clothed for ever.
He also urged the people to learn to be clean, to clean the streets and to remove the items that can be used as breeding grounds for the pyrjong, so that The health department will be able to eradicate the disease.
“If someone offers you, you should start trying,” said a fellow employee who was still wearing a blouse. “Yes, I'm still afraid to do that because I don't feel comfortable,” replied Gratia. khar“Wa! “I don't think it's good to believe what people say because when you're old you'll turn into myllen,” Gratia replied. "I don't want you to start these things," said the owner of the shop. "I'll leave first. I don't know how to clean myself. “Don't force a woman when she doesn't have any idea how her father will come and kill us,” said another servant. “Hu! "It's time to talk to each other," said another employee. "Please bring it up, Gratia, it's time to drink. It's three o'clock.
“Our blood donation is to encourage others to donate blood to help those who need blood urgently for treatment when they are seriously ill in hospital to prevent tragic incidents,” said Laloo Ka Dr.P. Shylla Incharge Jowai Blood Bank has congratulated the members of Sarot I Man who have come forward to take this best and most sacred step in their lives as human beings to help their fellow human beings with blood.
For more information, please contact Bah R.Katrai (8787333937), Sumar Selon K Khonglah (8794178094), and Alisha Lyngdoh (8794178094). 9366877163).
The Waheh Shnong said that the incident occurred after Milan Paslein, former Waheh Shnong, issued NOC to a person known as Syrpaibha Sukhalin of Thymme Village who intends to build a coke factory on a known site. Ma Kilometre Lytan, former MDC of JHADC without the knowledge of the residents.
In this regard, KHNAM said that it sees that the appointment of the Expert Committee is only a ploy to delay and there is no need for the Expert Committee to waste time and money. to visit places across the State.
He said that as the MLA of Umsning Constituency, he has already talked to the Chief Minister from time to time that the government will talk to the Central Government on the need to establish a Central Agricultural University. and not the College of Agriculture, but although it has not been successful until these days and if he comes back to power or the people elect him again as MLA of Umsning he will take action to achieve it until he gets it. degree Central Agricultural University.
He said that he had asked in the House when Nongrah will get water and the answer is that Nongrah will get water in phase IV. “They have not yet completed the supply of drinking water to Shillong, and Nongrah has been included in phase IV and we don't know in what year we will get it,” he said.
The Bible we read also tells us about the environment – ​​how it began, what are the blessings and what are the curses for us human beings.
Speeches were also delivered by Wailadmiki Shylla MLA, Brightstar Chyrmang MDC, Puramon Kynjing Daloi of Jowai District, Helping Phawa, Leader of the Raij Tuber, Rijan Kyndait Village Secretary, Phawa, Telme Phawa, Dr. HH Mohrmen, Volunteer and others.
Speaking on Tuesday, he said, “As it is clear, the Blueprint will be completed soon and after that, the leaders of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) will be invited to show them what the government has done. prepare for their evacuation".
The death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to
During those 45 days, it will be the time to gather the Israelites to Mount Zion.
The total cost of these projects has reached T.25 lakh.
It has done this by sending the teachers to conduct an examination to implement this decision.
Among the Apatani, only the sons inherit the land and the clan.
They told him that the Khasi wanted to expel them from West Khasi Hills or what they meant when they did so.
The death toll in the US has risen to 18,586, almost equal to the death toll in Italy, which has risen to 18,8
Amapareen said that the victory of the UDP in Sohiong constituency is due to the love of the people for Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
As the Spokesperson of Meghalaya, she has discussed our (Meghalaya) proposals with the Prime Minister, Government Ministers and Senior Officers in Delhi, to ensure that they are released”.
According to the information I have received from the CEM, the State Govt.
Therefore, the Nongpoh Presbyterian Church, Ri Bhoi East Presbytery and District 12 Lyngdoh East look forward to the cooperation of the faithful together with the arrangements of the Reception Committee of the Ri Bhoi East Presbytery to make this event go smoothly. The Synod service was held and all the people were invited to attend the service.
In a short meeting, Bah T. Lyngwa, Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat Division Sports Association (MDSA) who is also the Chairman of the Mawkyrwat Division Sports Association (MDSA) expressed his gratitude to the Football Committee. MDSA has organized such a tournament as part of the production of talented players and not only that there have been many players who have been able to participate in other places as well.
The tournament was held at the Kurkalang Stadium in Bhoirymbong which started on 19th June and 32 schools have come to take part in the tournament this year.
One of them was arrested at 12:30 pm and the driver of AS-11DC-5245 was arrested at Umpleng, East Jaintia Hills.
“I looked at him, I saw, it was a ghost".
The settlement of Nepalis was also encouraged by the Assam government and to treat them as garden trees.
So far, 208 people are in quarantine facilities and 417 people are under home quarantine.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, KSU Barak Valley Spoke Person Wanbor Pdang said that there are about 20,000 Khasi who have been excluded and these are living in three districts of Assam.
As witnessed, the impact of the H3N2 virus is said to have increased over time.
A case has been registered against the suspect for further investigation.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Government has approved the appointment of 11 non-bonded doctors in the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Similarly, a ticket office, office, restaurant and parking lot will be built at the Shillong View Point.
Despite the efforts and hard work of the residents of the State, the Government in collaboration with the Nongsynshar Shnongs should encourage and monitor so that this initiative can be achieved and make the State of we are a State that has provided all the land.
He said that the Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) recently held a meeting to express their gratitude to the government for taking action to address their problems.
The 36th National Games were held in Gujarat: The 36th National Games ended on 12th March, 2022 at the Pandit Deendayal Indoor Stadium, Surat, Gujarat.
The Maruti was packed with passengers and the Sumo was packed with Shillong passengers from Nongsohphan and surrounding villages.
Despite the heavy rain, the match continued but due to heavy rain and water, the match had to be suspended in the 60th minute.
In the men's category, Dipankar Mech of Assam won the title while in the women's category, Yogesh Choudhury of Haryana won the title.
“Because I am not from the Congress party, the government has delayed the opening of the Mawlai Block,” said Bah Embhahlang when asked how he feels about the delay in the opening of the Mawlai Block. to the Block.
Members of the Committee include Himalaya Shangpliang, George B Lyngdoh, Kimfa S Marbaniang, Rakkam A Sangma, Pious Marwein and Garland Star Swett. Government officials from the Forest Department, the Mineral Resources Department, the MSPCB, the CPCB, the Central Forest Department and the AMD office in Shillong were also present.
They think that what they do or think is right, but it is not.
“Education is a weapon of struggle and without education we cannot bring about change,” said Nujorki.
The plan of the central government and the Chief Election Officer to register 77,000 new voters ahead of the MP elections next year is a threat to the minorities.
Join the bone hunting club.
Shillong: After the collapse of the Executive Committee led by Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem as CEM due to the resignation of Bah HS Shylla, on Tuesday said that the PDA is no longer the People's Democratic Front but the PDA. for thou hast received Pda.
Shillong, Lber 25: Although the campaign for the MP elections has been going on, the current struggle seems to be different for the three candidates. They include Vincent Pala, the Congress candidate, Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, the HSPDP and KHNAM candidate, and Paul Lyngdoh, the candidate of the HSPDP and KHNAM. The question is whether the seven independent MLAs, who are sitting behind the MUA government, will support Ma Vincent Pala in this MP election. These include Jirang MLA Lamboklang Mylliem, Mawhati MLA Julius Dorphang, Khliehriat MLA Justine Dkhar, Raliang MLA Lamboklang Mylliem. Comingone Ymbon, David Nongrum, Stephan Mukhim.
Sohniamtra from the State (Khasi Mandarin) arrived in Dubai on 12th November and is now being sold at LuLu Hypermarket in Al Qusais and Al Barshah.
On the 22nd at 7:10 pm, u Bah DV Lyngdoh, MCS, EAC, Khliehriat, arrested two coal miners while they were mining coal at Dkhiah, East Jaintia Hills.
Iaiban Lyngdoh from Sutnga village celebrated his birthday by donating tins of soap to two families at Mooshrot village, Laskieñ Block West Jaintia Hills District.
Jesus was tried and condemned as follows-“One of them, Caiaphas, the high priest...said, 'You foolish ones! Nor consider that it is expedient for us, that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation perish not” (John 11:49-50).
The NCP candidates are still winning the most votes from three constituencies including Bordumsa-Diyun, Lekang and Yachuli.
When asked what else he would take if the party gives up the ticket to Bah HM Shangpliang, he said he is confident that the UDP will not give up the ticket because he has been with the UDP. worked hard for the party.
According to the findings of the party, Ma PS Dkhar is one whom the people of Jaintia Hills understand to speak on matters and who has the spirit to develop the jaidbynriew and especially in the resolution of the border. and also to protect the Khasi-Pnars in the areas of Labang, Nongphyllut and Pangam Raliang (or Block
HDR, who is also known as Maheh, has contested again from Sohiong constituency as the UDP candidate. HDR, who was an MLA from Sohiong constituency from the HSPDP in , and for many years from the Congress party, passed away suddenly on Tuesday evening at Bethany Hospital due to a sudden illness.
Besides Modi, other Union Ministers will also deliver speeches at the Polo Ground.
They said that they take good care of these cows, so that when you eat these cows, you will surely get rid of all the diseases in your body,” said Raut.
And not to encourage.
In any coalition government or coalition government, it is the rule to have a Common Minimum Program (CMP) or issues that the parties in the government will work together for five years and to achieve to him.
There used to be only one or two of these shelters, but now there are dozens.
The celebration was also attended by the release of the school's souvenirs, traditional songs and dances by the students and the distribution of prizes to the winners of the school. various participation in the celebration of the Golden Jubilee.
Maharashtra has 56,286 cases with 10,662 cases, Uttar Pradesh with 8,490, Delhi with 7,437 and Karnataka with 6,570 cases in the past 24 hours.
It is worth mentioning here that the LKCPTA is a college association recognized by the Government through the Certificate of Registration of Societies Act XXI of 1860, no.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said the officials of the Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR) have said that there is no question of removing the railway line or the question of implementing it. donbor you.
On the other hand, the President of HITO Mawryngkneng Unit, who has seized the vehicles carrying Masi Muid which have proper documents, said that the owners of the vehicles should no longer pay anyone if anyone asks for money inform the law enforcement authorities.
The Chief Inspector of Boilers and Factories, Meghalaya has issued a directive to all owners of factories in Meghalaya to give leave to their employees on the 27th of this month, instead of the first day of the month as defined in Section 52 of the Factories Act,
Please tell us.
Fully thirty years old now.
This law applies to the mardor until it is announced.
Shillong, Lber 10: Shillong Police, on Tuesday said that there has been a tip-off through WhatsApp that a Maruti Van is trying to kidnap children from some parts of the city. Shilong, but police have not received any complaint yet.
Shaniahskhem Dkhar, President, Justine Dkhar, Ex.MLA, Adviser, EJHD, Teras Dkhar, President, EJHD , Mr. Harvis Dkhar, President, WJHD, and Hamjhan Dkhar, Genl.
The Central Government can do this easily but the danger is to the country and the nation because the laws can also be made and amended by the Central Government.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the government has not spent any money to implement development works in the state.
This means that those who want to implement it can proceed and those who don't want to can start from next year,” he said.
Relevant based on soil and location.
In this regard, Bah Lambor Malngiang, MLA Nongkrem, has called upon the officers of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in front of the Sub Center to discuss clearly all the issues that have led to the delay in the implementation of the Centre. .
These include EGH: 3, EJH: 2, EKH: 137, NGH: 1, RBD: 23, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 9, WJH: 8 and WKH:
Our Congress MP, Vincent Pala has been pleased to send all the 60 MLAs from Meghalaya to Delhi.
I will go ahead and forget about those who try to deceive me because it is useless because they will become useless in the months to come.
He scored his first half century after scoring 68 runs in the second innings against Assam.
The Governor said that mothers are the guardians and guardians of their children and the family.
Sri Lanka's Ministry of Agriculture and Environment said that a Chinese company linked to the Zoological Garden in the country has sent the species to the ministry from China. due to the beginning extinction of the species in China.
Shillong, Jymmang 2: Ka KHNAM, has expressed its deep sorrow over the hours of power outage in the state in these days.
The NLCN was formed last year but has started recruiting members in the past two months.
Under the same project, NEDFi has also donated Rs 2 lakh each to three private hospitals in Shillong.
“Even if I cannot meet you all, take this greeting and best wishes to you all and may God be with you all and you will reap the sweet fruit of victory" , concluded the statement by Ollan Singh Suin, MLA 25-Mawsynram Constituency (ST).
Another of my crops is the Lakadong Synrai.
I am pleased to see in the newspapers that the Catholic and Presbyterian churches in Laitumkhrah, and others have been closed on the Sunday scheduled for the Janata Curfew.
Bah Sumar has also received many awards in journalism and social activities.
The program was conducted by the Government of India and doctors have been directed to visit many places to give awareness to the residents, school children and students on the need to clean up the area. teeth and to avoid damaging foods.
About this; A doctor has written to a patient to drink 3 pegs of whiskey a day.
When we look at this country of Khasi-Jaintia, we see that with the passage of time, the destruction of the environment is increasing.
The Border Road Organization (BRO) has completed the bridge at Dwarksuid, which connects the Shillong Bye Pass from Guwahati to Jowai.
He said the agreement has been registered at the office of the DC of East Khasi Hills.
“If the judge handles the matter properly and gives any verdict that he feels they have wrongfully committed contempt he can give whatever punishment he likes, it doesn't mean it just ends there but against “They can appeal against that order to the high court,” said the President of the High Court Bar Association.
Father Majaw said that if it happens in this way that the questions set by the MBOSE are stolen, there will also be a lot of doubt in other examinations like Matric, which will doubt many churches. perhaps in the Matric examination it will happen.
Commenting on Round X, Congress General Secretary Jairam Ramesh said, “In this age of false promises for elections, this is one of the biggest.
Ajay Kumar Saroj also won a gold medal in 2017 in Bhubaneswar and a silver medal in Doha in
The Lyngwiardpei, which is like the Mother's House of the nation, Knowledge of man, knowledge of God, righteousness is short.
The Meghalaya government should closely monitor the actions of Assam lest it cause trouble in the villages near the border and after that, it will recognize that it is its territory as in Mukroh.
After this incident, the struggle for the title became more intense and it was at that time that Khliehmawlieh started to play chess and this opened the way for Nongrang to score. Kyntiew Myrthong in the 90th minute scored the first goal of the match before passing the ball into the net.
The dissemination of news about MeECL has been so strong that it has confused the people in the midst of the pandemic and it is unbelievable that all these are the propaganda of the people.
Dhoni stepped down as India's ODI & T20 captain in July 2017, before the home ODI series against England.
Kenneth said the union will meet with Ramdas Athawale on the 28th of July to express the grievances of the Adhoc teachers at a meeting to be held at Malki Square in the presence of the Minister. chief of the State.
The President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday sent his congratulations to the two newly elected candidates for the Lok Sabha elections. Dr. Ricky Syngkong of the VPP from Shillong seat and Saleng A Sangma of the INC from Tura.
Many of the villages in Jowai took part in this day to clean up their villages.
The death toll has risen to 213, including the death of a 68-year-old man from Aizawl.
“Not only the entry and exit points, we need more space in terms of the railway line to maintain the railway line,” he said.
The Secretary of Domsohkhai Nongnah Village, Kyrmen Kharryja, said that the storm occurred at about 1 pm on Sunday morning. The cold weather came and destroyed some of the houses where the people lived.
Items lost in a delivery room fire include delivery beds, refrigerators, and other items used during delivery.
This was stated by the Chief Minister in reply to a question by Sohra MLA Titossterwell Chyne in the House today.
All four persons are now undergoing treatment at CHC, Sohra and media reports said that they have recovered.
The ED last questioned Mithun in July 2015 when he showed and handed over to the investigation team DVDs, CDs and writings he had received as a reporter of the Saradha Group.
Bah SS Syiem, one of the senior journalists, said that the people, these days, are in confusion and said, “It is not only the people, even the candidates. They are confused, whether they will contest from which party in the 2018 elections"
He is the one who works hard and investigates and seeks information on the spending of money without accountability in the Legislative Assembly.
The inspection and repair service will be conducted at more than 1,500 vehicle manufacturing plants identified by Tata Motors from 4th to 11th November.
Jowai, Nailar 24: The National People's Party (NPP) today celebrated its 10th Anniversary at a meeting held at Cafe Central. , Mooralong -Jowai.
The prelude of the durim shows the reality in society that the present generation does not know the origin of the Khasi traditional dates.
(Khynriam, Pnar, Maram, Bhoi and War. Why are the Khasi called Hynniewtrep?
The Legal Notice came after the allegation of Lalremsanga's corruption in the Synrai Dorbar of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly which was published in the media on 19th and 20th November,
“All the activities (related to) foreigners are based on the provisions of the Act,” he said.
Shillong, July 02: Police on Tuesday received a tip through the Sordar of Mawmang, Khatar Shnong that a man identified as Bah Moris Khongshei, 50, has been arrested. He was shot dead at about 3:00 pm by two drunk men.
Those interested can contact Sreeprakash J, Wing Commander, PRO Defence, Meghalaya on +9
There are also ghost schools.
If India loses its religious independence, India will become a new country as the BJP government in Delhi has always proclaimed.
On his part, he expressed the hope that the talks will be fruitful.
“The state government should be surprised that the goal of the Assam government itself is to create panic among the residents so that they will flee and leave their land,” he added.
The four MLAs suspended from the Congress after they left to support the MDA government include Dr. Ampareen, Mayralborn Syiem, PT Sawkmie, Kimfa S Marbaniang and Mohendro. Meeting.
In this year 2020, let the villages and the people of the villages eliminate discrimination.
He said the purpose of the Cooperative Society is to build a relationship between the members and the community.
According to a report published on 10-10-2019, the former Waheh Shnong's request to the CEM JHADC to conduct the election for the election of Waheh Shnong in Khliehtyrshi by more than 1437 votes is not true but misleading. The signature of the residents is in the form of getting a new job card in the village and also to apologize to the Dolloi of Jowai Elaka.
Mawlai SC, who beat Sawmer SC 7-2 in the Shillong Premier League 2023-24, beat Sawmer SC 7-2 with a hat-trick from Donald Diengdoh. This meeting was held at SSA Fist Ground, Polo, Shillong.
Regarding the Assam government's plan to build the electricity project, Bah P.Syiem President of the Kyrshai Area Development Organization (KADO), together with the leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People, Speaking to reporters, they said that until today, the people of the area are still in doubt and are not sure whether the Assam government will stop immediately or continue to implement the project.
Referring to the impact of these factories on the environment, Bah Nujorki said, “Not surprisingly, we have been recognized as a cancer capital.
Elina Marwein, said that she is very sad, because until now, no one has been able to find Marshall Marweiñ.
There are currently 6697 ASHAs in Meghalaya and the work they do is great and should be advertised.
As I said, that the problem is in the weather," he said.
The NGT has also directed the MDA government to prepare an action plan against the factories that have received CTOs, but so far the government has ignored the order of the NGT. ECC President Never Lamurong and speeches by the Waheh Shnongs of Lelad, Enel Bareh, Nongsning Waheh Shnong Lambha Dhar, Narwan Waheh Lamsuk Langstang and Reading War Legal Adviser. others.
The arrested were identified as Md Amir Khan, Md Yakup and Md Jamir, all residents of Manipur.
Shillong: Due to the lockdown, a collection of poems has been released.
“However, as far as we have investigated, there has been nothing that has revealed the misuse of power or money in the report received by the Inquiry Committee,” he added.
The main reason why the KHADC stands against the demand to change the shim jait custom is that the change will affect the traditional kheiñ kur kheiñ kha.
He said that the General Council will be elected by the Districts.
He said that so far the Minister has held three meetings with the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, the Academic Council, the authorities of the state education institutions and education department officials to discuss the issue.
Why does the government want to bring in workers from abroad when there is no shortage of locals in the lines of various jobs? This is the age of unemployment of highly qualified indigenous youth.
AAP MLAs are ready to explain in detail about the resignation of Sisodia and Jain.
The owners of the houses did not know where these stones came from and were in darkness and surprised because they could not find them even though they had been looking for evidence.
The state government has also introduced this special program to assist the elderly, women and the poor which is T.6000 per annum, said Dr Mukul.
Police sources said that the incident happened at 12:30 pm, when a vehicle (Alto K-10) number ML-05-P- 6559, which was ridden by these three young women, went straight behind a truck parked near the road.
On the other hand, the union said that this visit is only a sign and expresses its regret that it has not been able to help the needs of the family but has requested various groups from the leaders to address the problem of the family. this is the longiing.
He sent his young king, Rapo Ram Singh to fight against Tep Kyndait in the battle of Nongsyntoiñ in Tep Kyndait gave birth to the child king.
It is true that I too have been struggling to read highly technical, scientific terms of which I shall mention only one or two to get an idea.
After having children, these couples begin to understand more about the spirit of God's fatherhood and motherhood.
The meeting was chaired by Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MDC Sohryngkham.
Commenting on the recent incident, KHNAM said, “Looking at the incident on the 4th, November 23, it is sad that the law enforcement agencies don't care about the people who pass by. those who drive cars don't know anything.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung, 01: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, C.Kharkongngor, IAS, today launched the Payment for Eco-System Services (PES) Scheme in South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday. July, 2022 at the Multipurpose Hall located on the ground floor of the DC Office, Mawkyrwat.
But the Word of God does not say so.
The union has also requested for a parking lot at Anjalee for the construction of a Khasi film hall.
“Don't call here, this is not a complaint place,” said a man who answered the phone when the reporter called this number, which is at the MeECL office in Mawlai.
There is also a need for cooperation to bring about economic development in the district as a whole.
But the one above us – he is only like a servant Matthew 23:1
Rudraprayag district was the worst affected in the incident, with 20 people killed and 73 houses destroyed, including 40 hotels on the banks of the Alaknanda River.
It is not a small decision, it is a decision that will affect the youth, we have to be careful, we have to judge carefully,” he said.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District, Khanapara, has appointed M Lakiang to investigate into the incident of covid-19 infection in people who came from a party at Greenword Resort, Khanapara.
Vehicles carrying beverages were driven along the NH-62 to Williamnagar and NH-51 to Tura.
This is the fifth contribution.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) leader and former Sohiong MLA Samlin Malngiang today said that the NPP MP candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh has qualified for the election.
According to the village authorities of Madanryting, the refugees, Hmar, Gangte, Kuki and other ethnic groups are staying in the Relief Camps provided by their relatives in Madanryting, Shillong.
Even Manipur has 31% reservation which includes all STs.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah LG Nongsiej congratulated the Pyndenmawbah Sports and Cultural Association for organizing this tournament.
Nongthymmai MLA Charles Pyngrope in the presence of the Medical Officer of Rynjah Dispensary, patients and the public.
At the same time, she said that until now, only Maggi has been banned from the market but others have not received any order from the government to ban them.
Speech was also delivered by Runningstar Kharbani, Member of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) in the presence of other leaders of the four political parties of Sawsymper namely KSU, FKJGP, HYC and HUAM.Nongstoiñ, March 11: For the first time in the history of the United Democratic Party (UDP) in Nongstoin constituency, although the election has been held for more than four months, hundreds of women have voted for the election. Other parties like the HSPDP, NPP and Congress have joined the UDP on Tuesday.
Shillong: Police have arrested a man on suspicion of involvement in the murder of Leiyaton Soro, 27, of Chingjaroi village, Ukhul district, Manipur. Nazareth Hospital Shillong.
Mawkyrwat, November 29: The Deputy Commissioner (Excise) of South West Khasi Hills District has declared 'Sngi Tyrkhong Kyiad' on the 05th March, the day of Durga Puja.
Shillong Lajong started their Second Division I-League campaign with a 1-0 win over East Bengal Reserves on the 4th of this month.
Instead of briefing the public on the schemes implemented in the village as well as the cost of services, the Dolloi announced that there will be an election for the election of the Waheh Shnong on the 21st of this month.
Dr. Lutika N. Lyngdoh, Senior Medical Officer, NEIGHRIMS and Mrs. Ariba Laloo, Senior Medical Officer, NEIGHRIMS, also gave training.
Dr. Ramkumar Mukhopadhyay in his speech, expressed his gratitude that the riewlum are rich in traditional stories and said that as a writer he has taken them and introduced them into the his writings in Bengali.
India scored from the penalty spot in the 85th minute to score their first victory in the tournament.
The names approved are retired judge of Madhya Pradesh High Court Justice Moolchand Garg as chairman of the expert committee and other members are retired judge of Allahabad High Court, Dr Satish Chandra. other members are Prof.DV Kumar, Department of Sociology, NEHU, Shillong (expert member in sociology), Prof.Chander Shekhar, Department of Fertility and Social Demography, IIPS, Mumbai (expert member in population studies), and Prof.Subhadip Mukherjee, Assistant Professor, Economics and Public Policy, IIM Shillong (expert member in economics).
Records shall be carried during the construction near the well or dam along with detailed records regarding the name and location of the drilling agency during the construction or improvement of the well and also the name and permanent residence of the pool owner.
Sisodia said the Indian government should provide adequate supply of covid vaccines to the states so that there will be no shortage of injections and assured that the Delhi government will inject them. all within 3 months, if the claim is in your hands.
Therefore, the food prepared is sufficient for the body.
Speaking to media after the complaint, HANM President Lamborness Basaīawmoit said that this action of the candidate violates the election rules and asked why he did not distribute the election rules. complete this scheme before the elections and take advantage of the people at such a time.
Titos said the sudden death of Ryntathiang will be a loss to the people of Mawthengkut constituency.
Only those persons who have valid ID cards, Car Pass issued by the District Election Officer, EKH will be allowed to enter the polling hall. hall where the vote count is held.
In these areas we must understand that religion is important in politics.
“Imat I Mei I wanted to get Panah...” A bad thought came into her mind.
People are still afraid and trembling when they hear the name of Corona.
Hundreds of people from Langpih area who came forward to join the VPP. The MLA of the party from North-Shillong constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that the VPP has been established. It is because other parties have misled and deceived and deceived the people just before the elections.
“Now, the NPP has been filled with the support of the people because it is willing to do something on the outstanding issues of the state, which have been left behind and not just a stick,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Shillong: KSU Rangthong Unit on 18th November 2020, has donated face masks to the residents of Rangthong Village and also to Rangthong PHC. The meeting was attended by Evansroy Nongrem, Iengskhem Syiemlieh, Vice President of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle and Education Secy of KSU Southwest Khasi Hill District. Bobby Syiemlieh Asst.
His body was found further down from the place where he was shot at about 9.30 pm near the Sonampara Bridge.
The VP of the KSU said that the march is part of the awakening of the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep. Barit, Village Officers, School and College Students, Para Sengbhalang and Former Members of the KSU to attend the National Day.
These programs were held as part of the celebration of Independence Day to fight against the curfew of the HNLC. “The DC of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal, told reporters on Tuesday.
What are the traditional religions of these indigenous peoples already on the Indian subcontinent? It is here that the heritage and religious history of the Khasi-Jaintia people is important.
Meanwhile, UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh said he hopes that Bah Balajied will win the Shella Constituency in the election because he is not less like other former leaders of the area, such as Rev. JJM Nichols Roy, Dr Donkupar Roy and others.
In his report, Justice Katakey mentioned the presence of many coal mines in the Shallang and Kyllonmathei areas.
It may be recalled that on 24th November, the two parties signed a social peace agreement with the government in the presence of Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and Prime Minister U.K. Dr. Mukul Sangma.
The Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, Puramon Kynjing, has congratulated the youth of the Kur who have taken the initiative to conduct this training to build the character and mindset of the youth, especially in this time of crisis. the evil of society is terrible.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said that the train to carry the first group of foreigners will leave Chennai at 9:00 pm today. arrive in Guwahati on 15th June
The event was also attended by Bah S. Budnah, DFO, Social Forestry Division, Ri-Bhoi District, as the chief guest, along with Fr. Joakim Eka, Head Master of St. Joseph's. Higher Secondary School, Umden, Sister Rinet SD Headmistress of Don Bosco English Secondary School, Kong EI Mawrie, Range Forest Officer and Beat Officers.
Speaking to reporters, KHNAM Vice President Thomas Passah said that the party has been running for the MDC elections for two months now, although they have not nominated a candidate. faithful in the recent MLA elections.
It is learned that this incident occurred after the removal of Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem from the throne just five days after he came to take over.
Teachers, Principals and students were also present on the occasion.
Tura, Iaiong 13 : The improvement of the city of Tura should not stop in the middle of the road through the Smart Town Project or should be completed to the end, said Tura MDC Bernard. N Marak.
Now the power is being controlled by people we don't know where they come from? With their evil scientific methods, they have created to introduce various laws to prevent intimidation, intimidation, intimidation and rule policy among us (Divide and rule policy) especially the Spirit of Unity. at this time the nation was united.
“We understand that the way to strengthen the party is to strengthen the empowerment of the youth.
P.Shyrkon, one of the elders of Maweit area, said that it is a shame that in previous years, the road from Nongstoin to Maweit, was promised to be extended from Kulang Nongjri to Maheskhola.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) and the HSPDP on Tuesday took another step to strengthen the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA). that article that national party.
Perhaps this is one of the many reasons why the Election Commission has given the opportunity to the voters, if they don't want to vote or don't like those leaders, they can vote for NOTA. (none of the above).
Currently, nano urea plants have been operational at Kalol in Gujarat, Phulpur and Aonla in Uttar Pradesh with a capacity of 17 crore barrels.
After retiring from sports, Eugeneson was elected as the MLA of Mawphlang Constituency and also as the President of the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) after the death of his father.
Don't say that only others will be saved, but I will be saved.
PN Syiem, Congress leader in the Khasi District Council, said, “This is a temporary bill, which has to be brought to the House within six months”. to see whether it is in accordance with the rule of law, through this Ordinance of the Government.
Before the start of the final, the VIP Gallery was also inaugurated at Madan Mawhati, through the donation of the MDC of Mawhati and those who witnessed the event. They included Bah RB Shadap, President RBDSA, Bah Paul Nongrum, Football Secretary RBDSA and other officials of the area.
If you know how to take care, God will help you.
These stadiums have been constructed under the Mission Football scheme of the state government across the state.
Chirag Khurana top scored for Meghalaya with 26 runs off 20 balls while Anish Charak scored 22 runs and Akash Kumar Choudhary scored 12 runs.
“Bah Shylla is not a trailer candidate but he is the candidate of the people and if he wins he belongs to you the people,” he said. you are Mr. Lambor Nongrum.
Both these incidents injured one person in one incident and another in another incident on Heritage Street, 800-metre footpath from the Town Hall to Court Secretary.
The Jaintia Ginger and Green Vegetable Association (JVA) has taken the initiative to set up a transportation center for agricultural products including sying, sohsaw and other agricultural products at Wahiajer village, West Jaintia Hills District.
On the other hand, the Nongsynshar Shnongs have also suggested to hold a public meeting to explain more about this issue.
When looking at the shopkeepers, it was seen that many of these shopkeepers are not Khasi.
In this regard, the doctors expressed their regret and strongly condemned such incidents where doctors are accused that if a patient dies, it is because the doctors have done wrong, and they will be injured to treat and destroyed the hospital.
“The government will ensure that it allocates funds to save the factory,” he said.
As part of the investigation, the Crime Branch of Navi Numbai Police conducted raids on houses in the area that night,” said the Chief Superintendent of Police. They are not working in Rabale.
Speaking to reporters, Robert Kharjahrin, General Secretary of the HYC Central Body, said that the Ordinance 2015 is the right of the people and it is also the right of the people. to the Jaitbynriew, it is the Anti Custom Act,” said Robert.
The hostel of the MDCs has become a place of entertainment instead of a place of residence for the MDCs especially at night.
Croning said he has requested the Minister of PWD not to issue an order that the PWD should not destroy the well which is located along the highway and urged the Soil & Water Conservation Department to build it. wall to dig this well to protect it from any damage.
This was stated in the Office Memorandum (OM) of the Reservation Policy – ​​Maintenance of Reservation Roster issued by the Personnel & Administrative Reforms (B) Department on July 14, 2023.
In order to find out the facts, the union will meet the PWD Engineer at Umsning and send a letter to the Minister of PWD, but if necessary, the union will seek information through RTI. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate, especially regarding the allocation of funds for the construction of this road, because as it is now, it has been seen that the working method has been too slow,” said the HYC leader in Ri Bhoi.
Financial literacy teaches us to be responsible in how we spend money.
The Diocese of Nongstoin covers a geographical area of ​​about 3800 sq. km.
He said that these gangs of robbers are suspected to be very skilled in the methods and it is also suspected that these robbers may have been involved in other thefts and crimes. Before they did this, they had blocked the line of CCTV and sound systems, which prevented even the guards of the bank from hearing.
Lam said that earlier he had intended to contest if the mid-term elections were held early in July or June 2016. “At that time I had two years to work, now I have one year to work. “If you don't know what you're doing, the 2018 elections will only make the people of Nongkrem more excited to contest the mid-term elections,” he said.
Dr. Raj Kumar, Principal JNV Rymbai, East Jaintia Hills, as an expert, said that India has gone through three stages to revise and improve the National Education Policy.
It is understood that the young player has been signed for three years.
It was on the same night that Dwis Phawa came to his wife from the neighbour's house to shoot her on the ground floor of the neighbour's house. and when she died, he wrapped up her body and threw it to a man within the boundaries of the same town.
To expect that all of us Meghalayans will have birth certificates would be a dream.
Shillong: There have been 63 new cases of coronavirus in the state today.
Lyang Sangma said he has made many kinds of wine and also made a Bichi drink which is similar to beer.
Kyrsoi also said that he plans to set up a Community Learning Center for the students of Class I-VIII, Class VIII-XII and to build a Skill Training and Community Rehabilitation Centre.
Health can be enjoyed and enjoyed throughout life while breathing but poor nutrition is full of misery.
Krishna Thapa of Dkhiah-EJHD won the men's category while Larishisha Phawa of Jowai-WJHD won the women's category.
Do you agree with that? The Leader said, “Yes, I agree.
Meanwhile, other comments came from Congress leaders against the BJP after the incident, saying that this is an incident that happens in Maharashtra, a BJP-ruled state where parties have been suspended. from time to time, and alleged that the Maharashtra constitution has been implemented in the National Assembly.
Shillong: U BJP MDC Lakhon Biam today passed a resolution in the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) before all three BJP MDCs. The resolution introduced by CEM Thombor Shiwat has been passed by the opposition.
She said that the Government has decided to set up many blocks to bring the Khaddar rule to the people.
Gokhale said the NPP, according to its report to the ECI, has said that these land plots are worth only Rs 69.66 lakh.
Arjun Ram Meghwal, Independent Charge, Law and Justice was also present as the special guest and Dr. Niten Chandra, Secretary of the HLC. feelings of those involved in this process.
Prof Kayang explained that there are no risks in the production of these fertilizers derived from other living organisms which can kill plant diseases (bio-pesticides). because the path by which they are taken does not pollute the environment and includes only micro-organisms which we cannot see with our naked eyes (micro-organisms) but which are very important.
Shillong: The office of the Child Development Project Officer, Amlarem, West Jaintia Hills, has dismissed an employee, Mercy Lamin Amdep, from the post of Helper (AWh) from 11-9-2 She works in Nongbareh Old and the reason is because she doesn't have Aadhar.
He must leave behind the pleasures of the world and all evil ways and repent.
At the meeting, Stephan Lyngdoh Nongbsap Rangbah Shnong of Umlyngka, who is also the leading leader of the party, Hamlet Dohling, who used to hold the post of Adviser within the UDP, said that the UDP's actions are in the hands of the people. The HSPDP has decided to give Mylliem to the HSPDP. “The President Dr. Donkupar Roy has acted without any discussion, u “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Stephan.
They also set up a Police Outpost in the area which is not part of Assam.
One of the longkmie, Kong B.Lamin, said, “We are suffering from the lack of a full-time Waheh Shnong. In fact, we need a Rangbah Shnong who has received a certificate from the District Council. The main problem is the ration because dealers cannot be appointed without the permission of the residents.
Police have registered a case and are conducting investigation.
You can study online at the Central Agriculture University (CAU), Imphal.
In the second half, Laban FC struggled to score but didn't get a chance despite having many chances, but while the game was going on suddenly. Laban FC scored the first goal of the match through Hauni Dkhar in the 78th minute.
There was also a poem recitation by the VO (Village Organisation) of Moosakhia, a song by Kamwakwah Muksor and the staff of DRDA. The Deputy Commissioner (Excise), East Jaintia Hills, has issued an order that the 25th November 2023 will be a Dry Day in the district. to Christmas Day.
Raikshisha Buam scored 28', Chanmetre Thma 37' and Dawanshwa scored 73'.
“As the village we cannot accept this action of the KHADC and today we went to the KHADC to ask for clarification, where they met with the CEM of KHADC Bah Teinwell. Dkhar, however, on the part of the CEM, said that he had no knowledge of this matter.
Jowai: Two Government Ministers today appeared on behalf of the Prime Minister (as he is in Delhi) to inspect the coal mine at Khloo Ryngksan, Nongkhlieh Elaka on the 15th of this month. Three workers have been drowned in the floods after the coal miners have burnt down another crematorium nearby.
Nongpoh: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) and the Ri Bhoi People Movement (RBPM) have announced their support for the The Khasi Author Society (KAS) will hold a general meeting on the 22nd of this month at Iewrynghep Square, Laitumkhrah from 11 am. That this rally is also a sign of awakening the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep, in order to demand from the Government to include the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
After completing the requirements under the NDPS Act in the presence of witnesses, police searched the bag of the youth and found seven boxes of soap packed with powder. .
Wealth is limited to a few and the environment has been severely affected to the point that getting 10 liters of drinking water is a problem.
Speaking to media, Malcom Tariang, President of the MCTA, said that the protest was against the Governing Body of the College. This has started today and will continue if the Governing Body of the College does not respond to their demand.
As we can see at Jagi Road, Besides Assam has already built the Jagi Road on the border with Meghalaya, Assam is still standing to cross the border to the bridge of Wah Umsiang near the MPRO Office. On the other hand, Assam has shown that the authorities have not counted the 10 feet or 2 feet and will gradually turn into meters and kilometers with the theft of the Makhars from the north.
“This is because if the Constitution of the country allows you to serve in both constituencies, I too can contest from two or three constituencies but now if you contest from both constituencies and you have to leave one. and resaiñ is a job that doesn't suit you at all.
He said that the suspect was arrested after J. Sangma lodged a complaint at Laban Police Station and the police have registered a case against Bah Tipsuk Shabong.
Those who accompany the dancers should sit in the designated rows and should sit at a distance from each other.
Speeches were delivered by the Waheh Chnong, Village Authority, Youth, Longkmie, who expressed their concern over the reasons for the pollution of the residents around Waheh Myntdu especially on the border. u sam ka Jowai At this meeting, it was decided that from 01/03/2021, the Khooid Wah Myntdu Seng will go to inform all the Dorbar Shnongs around the Wah Myntdu for the purpose of cleaning the Wah Myntdu. It is necessary to clean up the Myntdu River so that we can live well and happily every day.
"Lanosha replied, "Let's go as soon as possible..." Kongthei said again. "Biang Kongthei, wait at home, I'll come back later..." Lanosha said happily. Lanosha's heart was filled with joy.
As you wrote, the lack of rank or education of the leaders gradually encourages the villagers not to go to school, because even without education you can become a farmer if you have money.
Those who violate or violate these rules are whether they are residents or foreigners.
The 39-year-old made his international debut against Pakistan on July 12, 2005 and scored his first goal for India in the same you are playing.
However, almost a month has passed since the government's decision was implemented.
Speaking to media, Conrad said, “We all know that the Lok Sabha session is ongoing and the Speaker and other officers have only Saturday and Sunday to come to the meeting. this meeting".
The three journalists were identified as Jona Diengdoh, Geoffrey Kharkongor and Sameer Sohliya. All three were injured and were taken to Civil Hospital Shillong.
Union Health Minister Dr Mansukh L Mandaviya on Tuesday inaugurated the 252-bed Regional Cancer Centre. Sciences (NEIGRIHMS) in Shillong.
He also sent a message of congratulations to all the soldiers and families of the Eastern Air Command and urged them to continue to work hard to promote the IAF and the country to its highest levels. fame.
“This is what I am asking,” said Dr Mukul. “Where is that assistance? Have they released all applications on time? Before the legal mining starts, they will start operating, creating mechanisms to encourage all illegal mining and smuggling of coal, violating all the rules including violating the the decision of the Supreme Court.
The clashes occurred after a clash between opponents and supporters of the Citizenship Act in North East Delhi.
“I hope that this important institution will win more milestones in the coming days,” he said.
On the other hand, Mawshynrut MLA Gigur Myrthong said, “I have tried to find larger donations for the purpose of providing assistance to schools and educational institutions.
Bangladesh manager Amer Khan confirmed that the federation has tried to bring Hamza Choudhury into the squad for the tournament.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The KHNAM on the 19th of this month has announced that it will hold a public meeting at Madan Student from 11 am to discuss the government's failure to recruit the youth who have received the you are Jugali.
“Therefore, the government has issued this warning for the benefit of the people so that they know what kind of foods are healthy and what kind of foods are harmful,” she said. .
We are monitoring these and we will hold accountable those who committed these crimes,” said the new chairman of the PAC. Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary who have been involved in the implementation of the project.
If they have children from married couples, the children will have to call themselves 'Pa' because they will both have children.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the President of the Academy, Bah Franky Kharumnuid said, “It is an opportunity for our Senior Team to take part in this big tournament which is attended by clubs from all over the country. The tournament is also a preparation for our senior team ahead of the start of the 3rd Division Football League of the Shillong Sports Association next month.
Finally, it is the excessive jealousy of others.
She received the Customers Favorite Handloom Product of the Ateliers Meghalaya Award 2023 from the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
The meeting at Lympung Shad Weiking, Shillong, on the same day at 2 pm, will be open only to members of the Seng Khasi Kmie and invitees not exceeding 300 people. “Only those who have received an Invitation Card/Entry Pass.
Vairengte is located in Kolasib district of Mizoram and is also connected to Assam by National Highway
His father was a jhur seller while his mother was a fish seller. He married Bah Sharaid Nongbri in Wahingdoh in
““If the Government decides that the Roster System will not work, it must issue a notification.
On the last day, Bah Staising Kharbteng Sub Inspector of Schools was the chief guest in the presence of teachers, students and parents.
The operators of these two electric trains have urged the public to be careful when traveling at the railway stations of these two electric trains.
The Minister of PHE and MLA Mawkyrwat, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar on Tuesday inaugurated the 100 bedded Civil Hospital at CHC Mawkyrwat in the presence of Bah Pius Marwein, MLA Ranikor as the Chief Guest. S. Kumar, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District and others who were present on the occasion.
“If the NRC and CAB are implemented together, then those non-Muslims, even if they don't have proper documents, will be able to become Indian citizens, because they will be recognized as Indian citizens. poiwir" he said more and more.
It has its own justice in dealing with children, women, youth, and old man.
The highlight of the event was the exhibition of traditional costumes from different ethnic groups who came to study at the school in Baridua, Khanapara.
Mary and Joseph had to stay overnight in a stable, and there Mary gave birth to Jesus.
When there is a shortage, the police should talk to the village authorities from 5mer to Lummawbah and the army to temporarily drive vehicles when there is an emergency.
There were 18 candidates who sat for the examination this year and 15 candidates passed including one who came in the first Division with distinctions in two subjects.
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court today ordered the State Government to pay pension to school and college teachers who are in the deficit category. of the Fifth Pay Commission.
The department in its order has explained that taxis driven by non-Khasis must obtain a trading license from the District Council.
The CCIB also expressed its concern over the affected people and on this basis the CCIB has requested the CEM of JHADC to find ways and means to prevent the loss of land by preventing the loss of land. The shisha signboard is up to 150 yards inside the Indian border.
Her husband, Abhishek Bachchan, and her brother-in-law have already been admitted to the hospital.
They were arrested by the Nongmensong OP of Polo.
God protects them and pours out His wrath on those who disobey.
Passah said the decision of KHNAM to send for testing of the water was based on receiving information through the RTI Act which shows that there is no Chemist and Micro-Biologist. the water should be tested for safety for human consumption.
Shillong, July 23: The KSU Phodkroh has demanded that MeECL should install a transformer in Phodkroh and Mawhati villages after it collapsed suddenly last year on 31st November.
Shillong, June 10: The Meghalaya State Electricity Regulatory Commission (MSERC) has decided to set a new electricity tariff in the coming days.
Speaking to media on 19th June, Sinha said that Home Minister Amit Shah and others during the election campaign in the state and tens of thousands of people took part in the election campaign. election campaign.
We are sorry for the shortcomings.
In this way, the number of candidates and the people who have been elected to the Legislative Assembly, whether in the District Council or the State Legislative Assembly, has increased. or in the Parliament.
They should also keep a board filled with water or shyiap and tall trees nearby especially during the burning of fire crackers such as Diwali or New Year and so on.
After the Pyrnah donation, the children of the Sein Raij Tuber including more than 26 villages, large and small villages who still hold the old religion - the Niamtre Niam-tynrai, brought 64 Rots to the pond. Before breaking the ceremony, there was an Iatan Bhang at the pond where Phang Nein won against Phangwah.
However, the best farming method that builds income is integrated farming.
I hope for peace in this election.
If you go to the rural areas, nobody hears people speaking a foreign language.
If the government thinks that its duty is only to provide government school teachers and deficit, it will lead to price decline and destruction of education.
However, after taking a 93-run lead in the first innings, Sikkim set a target of 174 runs for Meghalaya to tie for victory.
However, in response to the party's candidate from Mylliem, Conrad said, “At present we don't want to announce the candidate.
After passing an ordinance to amend the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act, 2021, the Government of Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA)-II has passed an ordinance to amend the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act, Bill to repeal this Act.
“As of June 2010, the amount due to the employees since the transformation of MeECL into a Corporation has reached Rs 800 crore and this has been paid from the revenue collection from the company which has affected it,” he said. “We have discussed this with the minister and he has promised to take it to the prime minister next month,” said Arju.
He said that out of the 30,000 applications received at the CM-Elevate, up to 20,000 are for agriculture and informed that the subsidy under the CM-Elevate is for the Government to assist. up to 50% of the subsidy.
On the other hand, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem Deputy CEM, in charge of Elaka Affairs, has promised to postpone the Lyngdoh election scheduled to be held on the 28th of this month and invite the leaders of the Hima. “This is according to the statement of the Dy CEM at the meeting today,” said Bah Kharshiing.
Manipur has been rocked by ethnic violence since June 3, 2023, when ethnic minorities in the Imphal region clashed with Kukis living in the rural areas.
Imphal: Three new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Manipur today.
Delhi, November 18: Up to 45 MPs of the Rabya Sabha have been suspended in the current session, Delhi media reported.
The trial against Maurya will be held on 24th July
Shillong: Shillong Lajong have once again won their fourth match without losing a single match in the Hero Junior tournament held yesterday. League, after beating Guwahati Town Club 1-0 in the first leg of the tournament at the Nehru Stadium in Guwahati.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has launched a protest against the government to review the Job Reservation Policy, as of January 23, 2023, it is getting stronger.
He said the party had written to meet the Prime Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma to discuss the issue, but he had not replied.
Bahdeng didn't feel like a stranger anymore but he acted like the owner of the house because although Lano hadn't informed him at home, he understood that from that night on he would be with her.
The road connecting Tahpat, Lapangap and Khanduli is an old road and the work that has been done is only for repair work, said Deputy Commissioner, West Karbi Anglong Syed Isfaqur Rahman.
With a smile on his face, Prem asked the old woman, “Where are you going?” Reema said, “Son, I want to see the places where I have lived and gone since I am a child and a young man.
Police from Rynjah Police Station under the leadership of DSP (Law & Order), Jyoti Wahlang, MPS and ASP Dewansh Pandey, IPS. The suspect has been arrested in connection with a complaint filed at Madanrting Police Station (No. 60(6)2023) under sections 427/380 IPC and 3(2) (e) PDPP Act and sent him to court.
Narwan is a village which banned coal mining before the NGT came after it understood the danger and started cultivating Sohniamtra.
Titosstarwell Chyne said that the lack of licenses on Friday in parts of the market was for foreigners who do not have trading licences.
The Public Hearing was attended by Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, Bah K. Thabah, EAC Ri Bhoi, Rangbah Shnong and residents of Umtyrnga. Umtyrnga area, where it was also seen that the elderly, women and children, held iong flags along with placards to condemn those involved in the theft of land. The voice that came out of the Public Hearing, was that the strongest condemnation was against Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet, Syiem of Mylliem Hima and others, because They have been involved in the registration of these farmers' land, just for the sake of selling it to a private individual named Deilang Chirup Law and through this Rangbah, they have planned to sell it to the BSF. Through the Public Hearing, speakers including Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA, Bah Bor Khongtyngkut, Rangbah Shnong of Umtyrnga, Bah Marcus Lapasam and other Rangbah Shnongs of the area, strongly criticized the They were involved in the theft of farmland from many villages in the Umtyrnga area.
“This is a long-standing dream of my father (LP) Sangma and it has come true this time,” he said.
In a statement sent by Mawkordor Kharsyiemlieh, President of the Seng, the Seng said that the failure of the State Bank of India Nongstoin Branch (SBI) to provide ATM machines has angered the people of the Seng. The residents of Nongstoiñ area have to stand in a long line and wait for hours just to get money and other necessities.
Kyrtong is not stupid, speak love speak well Ani! pariah, shymthamula Only when she meets, on the road Only she speaks slowly, and many words.
One of these evils that will come later is the government's introduction of illegal activities by introducing a law.
The State of Meghalaya consists of two regions, East Meghalaya which includes Hynniewtrep and West Meghalaya or Achik.
“All Cow Lovers can celebrate the 14th of this month as Cow Hug Day by keeping in mind the needs of the mother Cow and to live a happy and fulfilling life. with good or proper authority,” said a statement issued by the Board under the Department of Animal Husbandry and Dairying.
“In this MLA election, we have decided from the party to cooperate with the HSPDP but this time, we have decided to leave it to the circles to reach an agreement among themselves to cooperate,” said the General Secretary of the UDP. Dr Jemino Mawthoh while speaking to reporters.
Andrew Shullai has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills after the Jowai Municipal Board has failed to remove the garbage from the markets in Jowai.
“Oh, Maheh, I want to meet you.
It is necessary for the churches to speak and explain to the believers about the dangers of drugs so that young people can avoid being influenced by their peers into bad habits. it is difficult to break its chains, as the poet Soso Tham said.
“We have set a target that the BJP will win at least 12 to 16 MLAs in the upcoming elections and will hold power in the state,” he said.
The bridge on the Phodthre River in Nongstoiñ, which is the bridge to connect the Irrigation Road to Mawrusyiar-Tiehsaw, has been stalled without being completed even after more than 20 years of construction. build it.
Not only that, but to visit the Phyllaw and Shakiar of Government Offices.
New Delhi: Labh Singh, a mobile manufacturer in Ugoke village in Barnala district, who is the Aam Aadmi (AAP) candidate, has been arrested. He had to contest against Punjab Chief Minister Charanjit Singh Channi in the MLA elections in Punjab and won.
The investigation also found that there was misuse of T.28 crore allocated by the Central Government and therefore these other former MDCs were found involved.
“Our volunteers went to count the EVM but because my name was not there and because my shap was not there they went to the EVM. presiding officer to ask what is the name of Bah Sanbor and what is the shape of Narendra Modi's Lotus and so they left without casting their votes.
In the quarter final, MLP Veteran will play against Friends Utd at 2 pm while Umpling SC will play against Mawkyrwat Area Veteran Club at 3:30 pm.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 02: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh today inaugurated the Silver Jubilee Celebration Ceremony. Nongthymmai Youth Association 14&15mer Village is located in Byrnihat area of ​​Ri Bhoi District.
The Minister strongly criticized the Western mindset, in which many people no longer want their elderly parents to live with them.
Dr. Kharkongor also informed about the changes in the functioning of the Library.
The cleaning of these bodies will be accompanied by photography, as part of the rules laid down by the BMC. Two persons, including a CRPF policeman, have been arrested. Manipur Minister in charge of Rural Development, Yumnam Khemchand, injured in a bomb blast near the residence of Yumnam Leikai village in Imphal West district, police said. on Sunday.
When asked whether they will be able to buy jhur at a better price when they leave the state, they said that this year there will be a shortage of jhur. This month, the jhur produced in the state has started to appear in the market but at present there is no jhur produced in the state.
They were rushed to CHC Wahkaji but were sent to Mawkyrwat for further treatment at the 100 bedded hospital.
The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) has demanded that the government should set up a Forensic Science Laboratory to expedite the investigation into the killings of women and children in the district. Police.
The Indian Telegraph Act, which was passed by Wohkiang Nangbah on 30th November (from Dacca to DC Jaintia), has also been suspended and the internet has been shut down.
Shillong, Lber 29 : The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) today confirmed that Process T Sawkmie is no longer its candidate for the 2023 MLA election. It is understood that he will be the Congress candidate for the Mawlai Constituency.
The families from Umsawli and Mawlong Mawtari have vowed to protest until the government listens to them to restore their rights.
It is difficult to find water sources these days.
Police will detain him for 14 days for further investigation.
Therefore, the party members have prepared a coffin if they have to fight with bloodshed against the government. .
M Shylla, Senior Dairy Officer, West Jaintia Hills in her welcoming speech reminded that this day is celebrated every year on the 26th of November to commemorate the birthday of Dr. Verghese Kurien, known as the father of the White Revolution.
Shillong, March 21 : The Ayushman Bharat Prime Minister-Jan Arogya Yojana (AB PM-JAY) has surpassed the target of 26 crore Ayushman cards across the country on 19th November
No casualties were reported in the fire, but the property was completely destroyed.
It was a very crowded election and the turnout was very low.
Blake has been wearing a beautiful dress for the Met Gala every year and last year she wore an Atelier Versace gown. much.
The function of this commission is to monitor and evaluate the implementation of the Food Act and to punish those who violate this Act.
After discussions, the Regional Committees have arranged and inspected the boundary areas of about 18 Sq.
Thousands of Manipur residents have been forced to leave their homes and temporarily stay in shelters prepared by the army and government due to the unrest.
The final will be played on the 30th of June.
“He (Ardent) has signed an invalid document just to show that the land has been purchased and that he has embezzled T.35,25,039 from the account of the Council. ," the complaint said.
It is time for us to understand here and it is time to deliver directly the necessities such as food items, clothes and other necessities to the rural areas without having to If you don't go to Shillong to buy medicine, you will soon see the light from the Kali traffic jam in Shillong, because this is now an example.
The incident has shocked the neighbours, school principals and others who have knowledge of the family.
Police have arrested these three persons through the testimony of Borlang who is one of them who was first arrested.
With the assistance of the Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ANTF), 1001.655 kilograms of heroin were seized from the house.
According to the farmers, this is not the first time but the third attack by wild elephants.
The Monolith Festival will be held for three days starting on the 22nd and ending on the 24th June 2024. The festival will be organized in collaboration with the KHADC in collaboration with the Tourism Department of the State Government.
After the ECI counted, it was found that up to 217 candidates have lost their Security Deposit which is the money they have to pay when they go to register as candidates. candidate.
The SP of East Garo Hills, Davies NR Marak, said that Sohan had tried all the ways to exchange the money from the GNLA. The police chief said that recently police raided the residence of the GNLA chief and found T.1.5 lakh tyngka along with 27 coins. the passbooks of various banks in the names of his relatives.
Nongstoiñ, March 12: To mark the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence known as Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav, the office of the District Sports Officer West Khasi Hills will hold an 8.7 kilometer race. on the 17th of this month.
And this salvation is from the Jews.
The traffic jam lasted for several hours from 6 pm and until about 12 pm, vehicles were allowed to travel slowly, which caused traffic jam on the national highway. in Narpuh area, East Jaintia Hills District.
In the Indian Round Mixed Team, East Khasi Hills District won the gold medal after beating Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah HS Thabah, Symbud Chief Guest, reminded the residents of the demands of (L) Bah Hoping from the Government to resolve the border issue of Khasi Jaintia State. , to remove Para 12 A from the Schedule, to remove the Joint Cadre between Meghalaya and Assam in the field of police.
AIUDF General Secretary and MLA Hafiz Bashir Ahmed Kasimi said the government should take responsibility for the distribution of land to the landless people. take better career opportunities.
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi has launched a scheme to pay T.72,000 per annum or monthly pension to the poor. .6 thousand per month and this is probably the payment that has been lost in the world in these days and the Congress leader believes that this scheme will benefit 5 crore people. households or 25 crore people.
“Until the NRC is completed, it is not known how many there are and how many there are not.
The first fire truck from Barabazar F&ES left at 22.16 pm and the second fire truck left at 22.20 pm.
This method of payment will reduce from 120-150 days to 5 days for the Asha to receive the money.
Speaking at the Shanghai Corporation Organization Film Festival, Anurag said the government has decided to end the ban on Pakistani film stars from entering India. .
Eating coriander or dhania can cure these problems in your skin.
The Umshyrpi Bridge is a 24-hour traffic bridge for trucks, buses, small vehicles and two wheelers coming from the city center and villages from the rural areas.
With this victory, 7 Wasa is ready to face Ladthadlaboh for the title of the final on the 8th of March at 1 pm.
Furthermore, the party calls upon the people of the village to look after each other and help each other if any family is in trouble especially the poor families. In such a time but through unity we hope that the best will follow us”.
I choose to live alone rather than my friends who mislead me by respecting Bah Paul Lyngdoh and the former EC and I will support the work of the EC from outside,” said Bah Ryntathiang.
Anup Das, 29, of Dawki Bahur, EK Hills, was taken to Khliehriat CHC on 26-05-2
“However, as soon as we resigned, everyone called us to ask us to arrange it.
In public places He talks to a Samaritan woman in the town of Sychar (John 4:5-27).
Dasukhame Dkhar and Laxman Lamare scored the first goal for Ladrymbai B.SC in the 45+1 minute.
The main training on this occasion was in the field of making fertilizer from the resources available in the villages.
Thus we comfort, we rebuke, we rebuke the wicked; but we forget the contribution that they have made to society.
“My soul goes on, the mountains that remain are not harder nor greater than others have overcome.
What are the reasons why we demand the government to review the Reservation Policy? In my understanding why we should support the review of the Reservation Policy, these are the reasons.
In June 2012, he became the first player in the history of football to score goals for every opponent in a La Liga season.
For more information please call
Dajied Wanshnong scored the first goal for Lajong in the 34th minute after a shot from the edge of the box.
“All pilgrims coming for the Yamunotri and Gangotri Dham Yatra have been advised to plan their journey after checking the weather conditions,” they added.
I am looking for a girl 15 hdh 17 years old.
Another is for the unemployment which has really affected the minds of the youth and parents.
Police immediately tested the powder and found it to be heroin weighing 55.68 grams.
Three or four days ago, I was in a cyber cafe and I met a college student, the father of school children.
He recalled that the delay in the Bill is because it conflicts with the laws of the government and he said that it has been sent to the KHADC three times for amendment, but it has been delayed and finally he said that “The Government has done its duty, what remains now is with the Governor,” he said. said Dr. Mukul.
Shillong, November 15: The Meghalaya High Court on November 10, 2014, has suspended the powers of Rangbah Shnongs. to review and search for the Village Administration Bill 2014 which was drafted and drafted by KHUDA (the former EC during the previous term of MDCs).
The Minister inaugurated the exhibition on Friday in the presence of the Chairperson of the NHRC – Arun Kumar Mishra, senior officers. of various government departments, intellectuals, and other dignitaries.
Therefore, the union urges the Meghalaya High Court to repatriate these Bangladeshis who have been illegally settling in the area since 1971, after 24th October of that year.
The portrait of Cerula was painted in the fifth or early seventh century and is said to show that women were in a higher position. in the church in these years.
“I will convene a meeting with all the village leaders in Mawlong Elaka to discuss the willingness of foreigners to show their power in the village,” he added.
I was very angry with the man who told me about the incident.
Because from time to time, the Chief Minister and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah continue to deny the existence of high level coal and the illegal marketing of coal. “How can you deny that there are no high levels?” he asked. He also alleged that the high level is a group that comes from the top level, but it has not gone in the right direction.
However, when he reached Law-U-Sib, one of the occupants of the vehicle stabbed him but he managed to flee the scene and immediately informed the police.
How many times have environmental activists requested the government to increase the tax, but it has not been increased.
The HYC also demanded that the government should set up a Price Stabilization Fund (PSF) and a budget allocation to curb the excessive price increase of essential commodities.
Amlarem Social Club and Shkentalang will face each other for the title in the final of the Super Division Football League to be played on the 19th of this month at 2 pm.
The residents of the area said that the company has handed over the quarrying work to two or three Sengbhalang leaders.
“The having to work twice for the same job has caused a huge loss to the farmers besides affecting the planting time, it also affects the city power and the cost of labour,” said the KSU leader. He also expressed his concern over the fact that some Waheh Shnongs of Laskeiñ CRD Block are biased and powerful when there is any kind of scheme or assistance from the office of the block and many of them do not benefit. from government schemes.
When there was an allegation, they should have stopped the vehicle and searched it and maybe they could have found something because many people were gathered in that vehicle," he said.
Shanborlang Marbaniang has won the United Professional Boxing Championship for the second time.
He said that in this time of war there is no shortcut to victory but it is necessary to lead everyone with that courage.
(Exodus 1:16; 2:10) The fighting was not limited to Egypt, and from Egypt to Canaan was a long journey.
Besides Conrad Sangma, Hamlet Dohling, two MLAs from Ri Bhoi, including Mayraldborn Syiem MLA Nongpoh, were also present at the opening ceremony. Jason Sawkmie Mawlong, MLA Umsning, MDCs, government officials and village leaders from different villages in Nongpoh area.
Then he said that the meat doesn't weigh kilos at all, but they just ask for it.
The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has immediately met with the BSF Chief Dawki BOP to urge him not to harass the people of War Jaintia.
When this happened at that time, without any statement from either Assam or Meghalaya on this issue, it is clear that there was no border dispute between the two states.
On the same day, the union also met with the police patrols in the area who reported the shortage of police and security equipment.
Pynshngain, who founded the PDF, has recently left the party and joined the NPP to contest the Mawkhar-Pynthor MDC constituency.
The prize for the first prize is 75,000 tyngka, certificate and trophy.
VII. Where will the nation go, If we are not wise; As well as knowing God, While we are alive on earth.
According to sources, the raids in the areas which do not fall under the implementation of the AFSPA were conducted by the security forces in the presence of magistrates.
At the same time, he congratulated these four persons for their hard work.
According to the union and the DC, the DC said that he has taken responsibility for this issue and has personally visited the backward areas.
Also to the office of BDO Amarem, the village leaders, VO leaders who took the initiative to complete the construction of this house within 90 days.
Regarding these issues, the contractor has requested the government to extend the deadline for completion until October
Nangkiew Irat won the first leg of the SPL season while Nongthymmai FC won the first leg of the SPL season. Wanbhakupar L.Nonglait, Organizing Secretary, KSU West Khasi Hills District, accompanied by Samla Mixz Samakha, Finance Secretary, KSU West Khasi Hills District, led by Samla Mixz Samakha, Finance Secretary, KSU West Khasi Hills District. who work in Sohparu Village, Nongstoin, who run a Residential School, which is run by a company known as WAPCOS Limited from West Bengal.
When they entered the place, they decided to sit down and drink lassi dish with masala.
Chaudhary continued to score but lost his teammate for 78 runs, leaving the team with 176 runs for the loss of all wickets in 48.3 overs. which is in line with the income of Ri-Bhoi.
The deceased was shot dead while he was in his field and it happened during the heavy rain.
The budget session started from October 20 to October 28, 2023.
People with early-stage Alzheimer's disease, who drink a little or only a little alcohol every day, are at increased risk of developing the disease.
He said that this rule has been imposed on all candidates without discrimination and requested all candidates to cooperate with the village authorities to conduct a clean, transparent and orderly election for the benefit of the people. you live your life.
Banteidor said this during his visit to Thadan village at the Mawber Football Grassroot Center recently.
Drivers of vehicles, find it very difficult these days, to turn their vehicles and to turn the steering wheel, to move the snow and this snowstorm, causes inconvenience and physical illness to the passengers. in commercial vehicles especially for the sick and the elderly, due to the slowness of the vehicle when reaching the steep parts.
On the same day, the HYC has donated food items to the Dorbar Shnong Mawlasnai, as part of the efforts to help the village, so that the village can help those who have been imprisoned. (quarantine) in Mawlasnai Village.
Lahkmen Rymbui is the new Minister of Police, Forest and Environment, Border Area Development and Education.
“When we met the Prime Minister, when we asked what happened to the ILP Resolution, the answer was that the Ministry of Home Affairs is still considering it. the word.
On the other hand, Bah Olet Kharsahnoh, Congress candidate for the 2018 MLA election from Mawkynrew Constituency, who has decided to support Banteidor Lyngdoh, has strongly criticized Prestone Tynsong. Prestone has tried to mislead the people of Mawkynrew by accusing Bah Banteidor of forty tribes.
“At present this is only the first incident and I will ask the Director of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary (AH& Vety) why this happened.
“The Government has now done its best to provide sports facilities for the athletes to develop their skills.
The union urges the head of the forest department to investigate for himself and try to drink these waters.
The garbage has been dumped directly into the nearby stream which has polluted the entire stream,” said the Seng.
Special proposals were also made through the Draft Amendment to the Mylliem Act 2007 and the most important suggestions were on the need to clarify and amend the sections where the word Appointment and You cannot enter the Confirmation key.
These offices are the Department of Tourism, IHM, MUDA, Home Police, Home (Civil Defence & Home Guard), Department of Personnel & Adm. The Ministry of Health will set up PHFI and RPC Hospital, the Ministry of Education will set up IIM, ELFU and CSOHCSL, the Department of Sericulture & Weaving will set up NIFT, the Department of Urban Affairs, Department of Information & Technology, Department of Arts & Culture, NEEPCO, NagalandHouse, Reserve Bank of India, United Nations Resource Centre, Mizoram House, Employment & Provident Fund, State Bank of India, NABARD, Fire & Emergency Service, Central Bank of India, Meghalaya Legal Service Authority, Rural Bank, Law Department, Assembly building, MeECL, Central Water Commssion, Tourism Department for Urban Park.
“You're crying Maheh...! You're here.
Why can't the Meghalaya government and the Meghalaya Police do anything against Vicky Dey?
But Hamas has rebuilt these tunnels stronger, better and more accessible to Israel.
“He just said when he was crying from the heart,” said the brother, relating his brother's words.
This will benefit about 80 crore people across India and as in the past, the cost of services will be borne by the Government of India.
Of these, 200 have been selected for the Elite Pathway Program and 12 have been selected for the Super Elite Pathway Programme.
Hamlet, who is also a former Minister of Urban Affairs and former KSU Leader, said that as a Minister in the government, he strongly opposes and will not allow the government to comply with their demand. .
Israeli National Security Minister Itamar Ben Gvir confirmed today that the attack on Gaza was confirmed. of Sderot, they shall have weapons, that they may defend themselves from henceforth.
Jason Mawlong is the MLA of the PDF who won the 2018 election from Umsning and Bah Donkupar Sumer is the former MDC and Working President of the UDP from Ri Bhoi. They have turned to the NPP party especially Bah Jason Mawlong who will be the NPP candidate from Umsning Constituency for the 2023 election.
Apsharailang Syiem General Secretary of HNLOCT&PA said that this decision of the High Court is the biggest victory of the people of the state after five years of fighting the case filed by All Dimasa. Students Union since
On the other hand, the state government officials said that the case should be heard next month as there is another case related to the illegal mining of coal which the High Court will hear.
President Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat in his speech recalled that since 2018, AJMRW&LU has demanded from the State Government to increase the salary and to implement the Meghalaya Regular Casual Worker Scheme
On Tuesday, 9 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed.
Shillong: Three persons were shot dead at Mawbah, a Nepali cemetery, at 5.30 pm today.
These members of the illegal gang were arrested by the West Garo Hills Police on Saturday evening.
The number of cases in the past 24 hours has risen to 9,887, the death toll has risen to 294 and the number of people undergoing treatment has risen to 1.15 lakh.
It is a type of soh that provides a lot of protection against chronic diseases, which is beneficial for the blood pressure, reduces inflammation, reduces blood pressure and is the best type of soh to include as a food during exercise.
Of course, private individuals have also come forward to take over and manage football teams, but village clubs have not been included in this new approach.
She also urged and encouraged the people to turn to agriculture as it is a profitable industry and increases income in the state especially in soh ki pai and others besides rice farming.
The meeting was conducted by BJ Kharshandi MCS and other speakers included Bah P Mawlong from Bankers' Club, HH Mohrmen President SURE, Ripa Kjam Program Coordinator SURE and Mr. Iaidbha Phawa, Research Assistant, Planning Office, Jowai.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that some of the employees of NEIGRIHMS Hospital have tested positive for covid-1
The rally was held at 1.15 pm, where the protesters, dressed in BJP uniforms, also chanted “Kisko Chahiye Azadi...Hum Denge Azadi”. whoever wants freedom will give it to you)
The Lawsohtun girls' team won the title of Most Promising Team.
According to the Forest Department, there are more than 400 species of animals living in the government forest, said DFO Bah WS Marngar.
According to sources, the lynshop of Phria happened at about 10 pm today. The landslide has caused severe damage to the village.
NEHUTA has also complained that the VC of NEHU has not yet released the funds of the union and also the donation to the Meghalaya government and also to the central government. in the fight against COVID-1
There will also be a separate shop or place to sell old clothes and items (Jumble Sale) for the poor and needy people who can buy them at a reasonable price.
He added that the delay in Bah Khonglah's resignation is because he has not received an order from the government, even though he has heard from others that he will take over his old post in Umsning.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, after receiving information that some of the ration vendors in the district do not distribute ration to the ration recipients if they come to collect ration after the date of distribution. He has issued an order that all ration distributors should not set a time or date for the distribution of ration and if found guilty they may lose their ration distribution and hand it over to others.
It is customary to add foods such as raisins, sweet potatoes, cherries, almonds, a lot of sweets and also a lot of alcoholic beverages, including brandy or rum, which helps to keep the fruit alive and make the cake full of flavor.
The supporters of the VPP Nongstoiñ on Tuesday came out to dance the song “Kong Deng, Kong Nah ha u Prah” at the rally of the VPP Nongstoiñ. before the start of the election campaign for the candidate of that constituency.
“We find ourselves as a country that has fallen into oppression and into the tactics of discrimination implemented by the government, which is carried out by people who are not indigenous,” he said. he announced.
The Jews' rejection of Jesus Christ was their great loss, for they fought against the great salvation.
It is also necessary not only to exempt the 6th Scheduled areas from the CAB but also to implement the ILP which is a real protection for the indigenous people of Meghalaya.
Everyone talked about getting rid of the power of money, the words of jali ja um to deceive people and the distribution of tar to every household.
The lack of electricity in Mawsynram and surrounding villages has prevented the students from taking the SSLC examination in the first month of October.
Other winners were Iwelljohn Ramsiej and Jomsingstar Ramsiej while the women's category was Aidaris Lyngkhoi and Maidalari Wanniang.
The group led by the Sordar, Bah Pholning Mawkdoh in the presence of 12 Rangbah Shnongs from the Secretary of the Raid, Bah A. Marsharing, Asstn.
Another woman said that she has faced many difficulties during these times, and she has not been able to move to another village because the Dorbar Shnong and the residents of the village have strictly opposed the entry of the villagers. there are people in the countryside.
Pending the approval of the Governor, the Executive Committee of KHADC will issue an Executive Order that the kilo price should not be increased. It shall apply only within the boundary of the Hima Mylliem but shall apply throughout the Schedule Area.
Shillong, March 19: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday congratulated the Meghalaya High Court for issuing an order directing the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah Donald P. Wahlang and The Director General of Police (DGP) Dr. LR Bishnoi has ordered three years of imprisonment for the illegal smuggling of coal from Meghalaya.
Three years after India introduced a policy of no longer restricting trade and income and the full acceptance of the neoliberal The United Nations Organization has declared 1993 as the Year of Indigenous Peoples of the World. The tang muri together with the khor, the khriam, the spong, the boh, the pien, the paila, the nara and the shad ka mastieh to celebrate together that special year of the Trai Ri Trai Muluk.
This New Group is founded on the gospel of Jesus Christ and believes in love, equality before God before man and sharing without partiality.
“Forbidden to eat certain types of food that we used to eat in our nation.
I praise you,” said Deborah.
When will God bring an end to death? The time is not far off when such a time will come according to God's Calendar and that we know from the Word of God itself, that the time will come when under the rule of the beast within 1260+30 days to be 1290 days which Daniel said in Daniel 12:1
“Therefore, the two district councils have decided to cooperate.
Alka Lamba, from Delhi, said that the party has many assistance programs for the benefit of the people. Vincent Pala will do if he reaches the goal, is to help and support those poor, single women by giving T3000 tyngka per month and also implement those three projects. The party's 5 Star Commitments for Meghalaya, which are ways to support the people of Meghalaya, have urged the people to vote for this candidate and if he becomes the Chief Minister, he will bring a lot. She said that Bah Vincent Pala is a hard worker for the welfare of the people.
This SOP was issued by the Department of Information and Broadcasting, Government of India in November, 2014 to disseminate information on the PMJDY, SBA and BB, BP schemes to the people of these three states. states including Meghalaya, Mizoram and Tripura (MMT).
According to the suit that is still ongoing.
The Government has also appointed Sengman R Marak as Co Chairman, Apsharailang Syiem as Vice Chairman and Phillipole D Marak as Vice Chairman. chairman of the same Committee.
According to police, Binora used to work in a shop in Ladrymbai which is also a place where illegal drugs are sold. I don't know if I'm going to work in an illegal drug shop in Datsimpein, Ladrymbai.
JOWAI: A man from Madankynsaw Mowkyndeng village, West Jaintia Hills has lodged a complaint with the Nartiang Police Station that he was robbed of T.1,30,700 by robbers who claimed to be Karbi rebels.
Among the 151 recipients, 15 are from the CBI, 11 from Maharashtra Police, 10 from Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and 8 from each state. Kerala, Rajasthan, West Bengal and the rest are from other states and Union Territories.
The BMC has removed the hole.
This happened to AITC MP from West Bengal Shanta Chhetri who raised a demand in the Rajya Sabha that the Meghalaya government should recognize the Hindu community as a minority as the central government has done. The answer is to the Supreme Court.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Bindo M Lanong said that in Nongkrem constituency he hopes that only 25% of the intelligent supporters will give their full support to him.
On Tuesday, the Chief Minister of Manipur, N Biren Singh, was expected to resign.
Shillong, March 04: The former Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah WMS Pariat, on Tuesday said that the confusion in the post of Rangbah Shnong after the dissolution of the District Council. have long been wrong to resolve this matter.
Speaking to reporters, BJP Meghalaya Vice President John Antonio Lyngdoh said that the Congress has become a bitter house and soon its MLAs will leave to join others. pat the political party of the world.
Therefore, at this time, we request the HNLC, please come and talk, we assure you, you want to give a safe path, we will give it and if you don't feel safe in Meghalaya, we are ready to I'm going to talk to anyone,” said Prestone.
He said that according to Section 4 of the Motor Vehicle Act, anyone can obtain a driving licence, but they cannot drive two wheelers of more than 50 CC and they should not have gear. and said that the parents should also agree to take responsibility for their children who apply for the driving licence.
Women live in fear and dread, afraid of the dark because they have been taught that the night does not belong to them.
As part of the event, Bestarly Blah, who sang through the leaves of the trees, also performed.
Referring to the inspection by the KHADC on Friday at Iewduh, Bah Chyne said it is necessary to verify the Indian citizenship of the foreigners and their jobs.
Biplab Deb, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that Sarkar, as a former Chief Minister, has the right to adequate accommodation and other rights, in which as a leader. on the other hand, he may receive the benefits of a Minister of State and other benefits for them.
“We are surprised that we have not received this assistance or subsidy from the government,” said Marbud Dkhar.
On the part of the President of the Governing Body of JJM Nichols Roy College, Rev Dr AC Moore in his speech said that Rev Nichols Roy has a strong faith as a Christian leader who believes in Jesus Christ and who to express the love of God for the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Shillong: St. Anthony's College, Shillong will face BBS College in the NEHU Inter College Football Tournament 2019 tomorrow at the JN Stadium, Polo.
I was really surprised to ask about this behavior.
The office bearers of West Jaintia Hill include Kerlang Shylla, President Treilang Bareh, General Secretary Marbiang Phyllei, Adviser Moses Suting, Vice President Michel Kyndait Finance and Pillarson Phawa Executive Member.
The main themes of the freedom struggle showcased in the exhibition are – Revolt of 1857, Non-Cooperation Movement, Champaran Satyagraha, Kheda Satyagraha, Dandi March or Namak Satyagraha, Azad Hind Fauj, Quit India Movement, Partition of the Country. and many others.
The HECI will operate independently of the government and will operate independently and will also distribute assistance to schools and colleges as well as other activities. .
The reason for the mynder lei, is the main one, which produces many evil deeds, from foreigners who do not live happily and peacefully, who commit evil deeds of all kinds, just for the sake of you're benefiting.
Leaders of KSU Nongpoh Circle under the leadership of John Lyngdoh and Baiashanlang Kharshanlor, today honored a young man known as Francis Makri, after he won the tournament. The 2nd OYAMA Cup 2023, which was organized by the International Federation of Karate (IFK) Kyokushin of India, was held in Calcutta.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the President of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP), Bah KP Pangniang, said that the HSPDP is ready to work with the MDA government again. Bah Pangniang declined to comment on the matter.
At the same time, Doctor Wahlang explained that for those with disabilities who have proper certificates from doctors if they are still in school, the government has allocated special funds for the fees. their food.
Police on receiving information about the incident, rushed to the scene to conduct a thorough investigation and said that the body belongs to Sotarius Syiem, 36 years old. I am from Mawroh village.
On the other hand, the voice of the people of Mawlai, has strongly warned the state government, that if it continues to act on the demand for the temporary suspension of these policemen, the voice of the people of Mawlai, will continue to protest. of it in the coming days.
The Instrument of Surrender is indeed powerful, but when it comes to the end, it is a medicine and a power that can cure and prevent many mental illnesses. bah that person.
The training started on the 10th of this month at Umkiang village and will last for 40 days.
“I don't have any details of the time limit for the university to give a response.
The Central Executive Committee of the union has directed the Circles to take the necessary action and the Eastern Region has started to raid the shops in Tongseng as a sign of concern. On 18th November 2018, the inspection of trade licence, labor licence, TCC (temporary clearance certificate) and others was conducted.
After the first innings, All Saints Higher Secondary School scored 107/8 wickets in 15 overs.
He said the Ministry of Mines and Coal can use Para 12 A(b) of the Sixth Scheduled through the authorization of the President to exempt Meghalaya from the ban on coal mining.
Therefore, u Bah Sawkmie urged the Chief Secretary of the state to investigate why the PWD department has not done anything in this regard as soon as possible to avoid or avoid various comments from the people.
In fact, the BSF should have fired at the air or at the wheel of the truck and if they had done so, it would have saved the life of the young man who is the employer of the household of u," said Mr. Bindo.
Himanta Biswa Sarma said that 89 new cases have been confirmed, bringing the total number of cases to 1,0
The election for the post of Chairman will be held on the 17th at 10.00 pm and for the post of CEM on the 18th at 11.00 pm.
The Governor of Meghalaya Shri V. Shanmuganathan will be the Chief Guest.
Since the tenure of DC Matsiewdor War to Isawanda Laloo, we have tried to seek the cooperation of the villages but to no avail.
The Income Tax Department today searched several Chinese and Indian nationals for allegedly possessing money worth up to T.1,000 crore, which was used by companies that operate in the country. The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) said.
In response to Yadav's message, Meerut police said, “This video is two years old and has nothing to do with Meerut.
How you live and what you do now will determine the future of the state,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum. “You are the blood, the blood vessels and the blood vessels of the nation. The President of the Governing Body of the school and Pastor SS Majaw reminded the petition that the school has 1.3 crore for the reconstruction of the dilapidated school building.
“Although the company's donation is small, I hope you will accept our donation and I hope we will continue to work together,” said the Area Manager of Apollo.
With this second victory, HK Singh has hoped to reach the quarter final of Pool-A and needs to play well in the final match against IPSC on the 4th at 2 pm.
The railway station will be announced along with 508 other railway stations under the Amrit Bharat Station Scheme.
The program was conducted by Kong SL Phyllei, Chief Legal Aid Defense Counsel, West Jaintia Hills District. She introduced the participants and opened up about the campaign. residents especially to part-time school children and also to explain about the various schemes and assistance that students can get.
However , gradually , when I thought , it has affected the farmers ' feelings . Why do I say that ? Because this is the truth in our State many farmers are like that not only the farmers who are duplicates as Maduh Prestone said but there are duplicates everywhere while the originals are not there. I don't know why I've seen so many duplicates while the originals (khasi) are very few. ) u Shong sha Bar ) We are the only farmers who should have said that, but his speech has shocked the farmers especially the Hills Farmers Union (HFU). He urged the HFU under the leadership of its President Bah Commander Shangpliang to be vigilant and work hard to bring back the true farmers from the rightful farmers.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The state, especially parts of Khasi Jaintia Hills, has been severely affected by the shooting by the Assam Police at Mukroh on the 22nd of this month.
According to the report, the Cess collected by the DMR has been deposited at three ATMs of the Nationalized Banks (SBI, Axis Bank and HDFC Bank) and The money was also deposited as a fixed deposit with Axis Bank and HDFC Bank.
He said that many MeCEL customers have received T.500 to T.600 but now they have received T.5
Avoid taking money.
“This will only happen if the landowners are of one mind, he said.
Shillong, March 12: Six constituencies in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have to contest the mid-term MDC elections due to the resignation of their MDCs.
Meanwhile, the JAC-HJ has demanded that the Secretary of the JWSWO, Philina Lyngdoh, should clarify her allegation that the JAC-HJ leaders are stupid. personal benefit.
The Nongthymmai MDC said that the reason for his visit with Bah Ardent is because although he has been urging the KHNAM leaders from time to time since the time of Bah Adelbert Nongrum. The Working President is still the CEM of KHADC, but he said that no one has listened to his speech.
To live by the Word of God means to live by God Himself or by a life that is based on God's law.
Shillong: Out of the 41 new cases, one from Guwahati, one from West Khasi Hills, one from Assam and three from West Jaintia Hills. One person from Jammu and Kashmir and two others who had contact with a previously infected person in Amlarem.
It is also hoped that the procession will go smoothly without any interference and Bah Barnabas hopes that the crowd in the procession could reach 1 lakh people.
Gabriel Wahlang was elected as the Deputy Chairman of the KHADC yesterday and one day after being elected he was able to conduct the Dorbar.
The AIADMK came in third with 37 seats and Mamata's Trinamool Congress came in fourth with 34 seats.
He also spoke on the relationship between health and income growth.
On the morning of 18th June, the robber tried to steal the remaining bottle and kiad belonging to one of the arrested.
“We are not here to make decisions just because we are sitting here and we have to make decisions,” he said.
JOWAI: The Eco-Friendly Crematorium (Eco-Friendly Crematorium) has been designed by Kambel Shullai (Bam kwai ha dwar u Blei). in traditional religious beliefs and also partly as a building that helps to preserve the health of the environment and its surroundings.
The Seng expresses its regret that during the rainy season, the residents of the area have to buy water even to use toilet. However, it will be a great blessing to the people of the area especially the poor.
The KJP Synod Mihngi today concluded its 15th General Assembly which was held since the 16th of this month at Ummulong Church under Wahiajer-Moodymmai Presbytery.
Roy Kupar Synrem, General Secretary, Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC)
The party leader said that recently there have been parties who say that they want to revive the border issue without remembering that they too are present at the time of the decision to resolve the border issue. He said that these things happen because during the meeting of the Cabinet they sleep while outside they go out to talk in the markets and hylla like ksew bna-lat. Speech was also delivered by the NPP candidate, Bah kynsing Lynshiang who asked for the support of the people. vehicles and thousands of people flocked to the event.
L.Nongbet, said that he doesn't count sting on the Bangladesh team, so as soon as the match started, the players of H.Elias HSS fought as hard as they could to improve their performance. The players of H.Elias HSS have fought as hard as they can to prevent the ball from staying in the feet of the players of DKSP Bangladesh. Indeed, it has shocked the eyes of the spectators.
He said that in the elections, there is always a turnout of people because this is their will but the important thing is that more people should enter than leave.
On the part of the President, Ms. Oibarly Suchiang, she explained the foundations of HWW&DO since its establishment on 19th October 2021 and in the course of its history, the organization has done many good deeds in the community. society.
Guidingstar Suna scored the first goal for Mukhla Raij in the 28th minute.
“The police have worked tirelessly and we will ensure that no incident will happen,” said Prestone.
The good news and hope for us the people at this time of corruption and other evil deeds in politics and governance, is that three prominent pastors have been appointed. who have been serving to expand the kingdom of God through their ministry in various capacities to the people.
Shillong Lajong FC is expected to complete the stadium before the start of the I-League this season as Shillong Lajong FC has also had the opportunity to return. return to this lympung.
About 7,000 villages across the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Hills, through the Svamitva Scheme, which has been approved by the District Legislature, has been approved by the District Legislature. Council (KHADC) cannot provide these land.
Umkrem beat Nongtalang 4-2 in the 19th Riwar Cup Invitation Football Tournament organized by Bakur Social Welfare Sport Club.
It is to be recalled that Meghalaya had a golden opportunity to lead the team in this tournament and besides Pynshngain, Batskhem also led the team.
“We have not violated their right to education but they receive education as they usually get every day because we protest even after school so that we will not be a stumbling block to their education,” said one of them. teacher.
However, we leave it to the Government to explain,” said Bah Kharkrang.
Mawshynrut Cricket Association scored 56 runs while Sarway scored only 24 runs.
“The time has come, he has studied for months, the people have demanded the immediate implementation of this Act for a long time,” said Robert.
Bankitkupar Dkhar scored the third goal in the second half.
Bah HDR Lyngdoh was formerly the Minister of Home Affairs, Government of Meghalaya.
The Chief Guest, Nanadro B. Marak, spoke on the courage of Pa Togan Sangma and urged the youth to follow in his footsteps.
As soon as they received the line to get their own state, the Bapli were so happy that they didn't know anyone anymore until they reached the point of ignorance in the valleys and hills surrounded by and the clouds were not dark.
In the final, Meghalaya beat Karnataka 2-3
“If we have thanked the people of the state, the people will not leave their parties and join the NPP. and what they have already done,” he said while speaking at a meeting of the NPP or National People's Youth Front (NPYF) at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
Leaders of the Assam Gorkha Sanmilan (AGS) today said that the people of Lumpi in Kamrup district and Umlapher in West Karbi Anglong district want to stay in Assam.
Regarding the implementation of NREGA in the state, Meghalaya has reached less than 60% of the implementation of NREGA. Through this, we will be able to protect the water sources, to conserve the soil, to protect the environment and to increase employment opportunities through this 100 days bill. Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today laid the foundation stone for the Inspection and Certification Center at Sawlad, Shillong in the presence of the Minister of Transport, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare. The Chief Secretary, Rebecca Suchiang and the Commissioner & Secretary, Transport, MR Synrem, said that the government will continue to open more and more of these centers in the state.
This year, Adhoc teachers under the banner of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASToM) have been on strike and sleeping on the streets for many days.
Shillong, November 17: Police have arrested a father who raped his own daughter.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday visited several villages around Shillong including Mawkhar, Jaiaw, Sunny Hills, Mawprem and also met face to face with the Rangbah Shnongs.
Police have recovered a pistol and a magazine from the deceased.
“The failure of some private individuals to use the Incidental Challan has caused a huge loss to the state government,” said AJTA Secretary Kyrshan Dkhar.
Nongpoh, March 13: The four-day Megha Kayak Festival 2022, one of the biggest kayaking festivals in the country, started today at Umtham village in Ri-Bhoi District. Hundreds of rowers including prominent participants from all over the world who have also taken part in the Olympics as well as the residents of Umtham who have already trained themselves.
Brazil beat Serbia in Group E on Saturday night with Paulinho scoring two goals in the 36th minute and Thiago Silva in the second. in the 68th minute.
Police also admitted that they had received information from the GNLA that Jerome was Sohan's supporter in the past few months.
In the Super League, S&CC beat Nongthymmai Kyrdem Sports Club 2-0 in the tie breaker. .
Virologist Shahid Jameel has predicted that India could reach 500,000 cases a day in the first month of June and that the death toll could reach 5,700 people a day.
It is learned that during this time there was also a lot of thought and confusion.
Residents from 12 mer villages, Raid Nongkynrih, Umthli and Nongtymmai to hold a mass march at Madan Syllai Sning in Nongthymmai, Laitlyngkot. improve the Reservation Policy and expressed support for Bah Ardent.
The opening ceremony was attended by the President of the Mission, Pastors, Rev RS Mawlong, Rev DL Syiemlieh and others.
Shillong, Lber 28: The Union Government on Thursday decided to extend the Tripartite Suspension of Operations (SoO) between the State Government, the Central Government and the ANVC for another 10 years.
There are still more elders who have expressed their desire to come forward and I accept that and I believe in cooperation we need others to come forward to strengthen the rule and work of the party. in the State and in the District Council,” said Bah Paul.
With one voice, we should demand to hold a special assembly as the VPP party has demanded to discuss only the State Reservation Policy and the Roster System.
He was born on 19th November, 1970 in a farming family at Laitkyrhong in East Khasi Hills District of Meghalaya.
Why do you go to those shops that don't matter and don't have any value? Look at your friends, the wise people are looking for Mawkordor in the good shops, you're a fool here to look for Mawkordor. .
Earlier, he had rescued a 10-year-old boy who had drowned in the Umkrem Valley.
S.Mawblei, Assistant Executive Engineer, Nongstoin Division, MeSEB West Khasi Hills District, who has to look after the office of Balarina Syiem, District Sports Officer, Nongstoiñ, is one of the officers in charge of Mairang.
For he must reign, till he hath put all enemies under his feet. The last enemy is death" 1 Corinthians 15:24-2
Therefore, the KSU Wapung Unit requests that the passengers should not take advantage of the vehicles and follow the government's order to charge vehicle fares so that it will not affect the poor.
PHE XI beat 3rd MLP BN XI 6-1 in the 8th Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy match organized by the MSGEF at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. Thursday.
He said that according to his information, the Hahim market east of Malangkona is a market which neither the Assamese nor the Khasi own, because it is on the line and is like a border. the division of the Khasi and Assamese.
This incident has affected the learners and has caused a huge loss of valuable school equipment and property.
Shillong, July 20: U Dr. DD Lapang, President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (AICC) in Delhi, on Tuesday expressed his gratitude and special congratulations to Shri Mukul Wasnik, General Secretary, AICC. Meghalaya in the last elections, for his hard work to win the Congress 29 seats in the last elections.
He said that in the future there will be more applicants for mining lease in which they will have to follow the same procedure as the four have been able to complete.
Friends and to those who criticize unfairly! You may not agree with what this young woman says or does.
It is also the right of those who win elections to take (corrupt) the money that belongs to the people because they have bought the people during the elections.
Through these kinds of threats, wild animals, large and small, will not be able to survive.
Two scientists, Sushant Layek, Sr.
Charles urged the Government on this during his Question Hour in the House on Friday.
How many people see their nation as a nation that is divided from society, religion, customs to the rule of law.
The VDP of the village also inspected the buildings at the Ialong Tourist spot and others to ensure the safety of the tourists and patrolled many places to ensure the peace and order.
“If we are in the opposition, we will listen to any incident, we too are serving the people,” he said.
The UDP feels that the acceptance of the railway to transport goods will make it easier and more convenient to transport goods than by car.
Many of the residents admitted that at that time the khar die madan did not dare to stand as they do these days, even though they sold makna, but it was said that their eyes were shad sha diang. However, now it is said that they are selling and the song is playing without any hesitation.
“The CEM also urged the MDCs to be smart for the schemes to be completed on time as it takes years to submit the schemes even after 30 days. You cannot send Usage Certificates.
“I have full confidence in the MDA government and the party that I will continue until the end of the term of the MDA government, because I have worked well for the department. it was added to me".
In connection with this incident, Police have arrested a man suspected of being involved in drug trafficking.
In the second match, Pateinki Sabah beat Mupliang 2-1
In the U-14 boys category, EKHD beat Khliehumstem High School (RI-BHOI) 2-1
When the religious leaders brought the woman who had caught her in the cliff, he said, "Let him who is innocent cast the first stone.
Salesforce Trailblazer Labs were opened in Sohra Rim and Nongwah in 2021 and
Shah said the BJP government will implement the NRC and destroy all those who have come abroad.
But the word and the work themselves are often not the same.
He said the state has sent police under the command of the DC Ri Bhoi District office to maintain peace and order in these areas and the Assam government has confirmed to send all the border crossings.
More than 100 members attended the ceremony to honor former members, including Sitimon Sawian (Bam Kwai ha Dwar U Blei), one of the leaders in the history of the ABVP in Meghalaya. .
In this regard, we now need to regain the wisdom of the past and to develop the skills, knowledge and understanding of how to deal with these problems.
" (Mt 27:52, 53).
The KWYWSC aims to promote and open up opportunities for youngsters to participate in Basketball, Badminton, Cricket and other sports besides Football which is well known in East Jaintia Hills District.
Another new professional player, Nakul Verma, has also been included in the squad.
St. Edmund's School, on the day the MBOSE released its results on the 9th of June, has shown well in the field of Science and Commerce as well.
If I had to study in private schools, I would not have received the education I have received.
The app was first trialled in Umlong Block in Ri Bhoi District and the money due was released to the ASHA workers through this app within 5 days from the date of release of salary.
Speaking at the programme, Amit Shah expressed the need to plant trees in Sohra, saying that Sohra, in the past, used to receive rainfall all year round, but now, due to excessive tree felling, Your life in Sohra has changed.
Macmillan Kharbani said that his main goal if he reaches that goal is to bring about independent governance because in the past three years, the governance is no longer a governance of he preaches to the people for the people.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 2 cases of high risk and in Ri Bhoi, there is 1 case.
Im slem Star of the Country (Khasi Muslim Leader.
There will be people who speak evil of the writer because he is afraid.
When I left the temple I thought that Buddhism is no longer like in the past, that Gautama Buddha taught not to kill anyone, but now a thief should be shot dead.
Tura captain Awesa G Momin took 2/15 wickets in five overs.
Shillong: On the demand of the TUR that the government should consult before introducing the Meghalaya Right to Public Service Bill, 2020, Prestone said that the government should consult with the Meghalaya Right to Public Service Bill, The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the bill requires all government departments to fulfill the needs of the people within the stipulated time. public in trouble.
The AISPETC at MATI Mawdiangdiang has been training about 125 people every year for the past two years.
“Even in 2018, I was defeated and in 2019, when I contested the MDC election and only the money to pay for the MLA expenses, it has not yet come back. MDC election and I understand that I don't have anything and I see that people are with me because I have a good foundation”.
Leading party leaders told reporters that all the office bearers of the primary units of Mawlangdep zone, supporters from all the polling stations in the Mawlangdep zone were invited to the meeting. The UDP also welcomes supporters from other parties to join the UDP. The party leaders also request the office bearers and members of the primary units and sub units to work together. It is difficult to explain to the people of Khasi and Jaintia Hills that at this time, the people of Khasi and Jaintia, really want the riew lum parties to rule the state themselves, not to stay with others. parties, so that there will be peace and development in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
He served as Quarter Master at the INA Supreme Headquarters, Malaya, Singapore.
The dorbar shall have three working days.
The union demanded that the government should submit the reports of the regional committees to the state legislature before reaching the MoU, to avoid any confusion. Even if a special session is called, the report shall be discussed until it reaches the understanding and approval of all.
Jesus urged that person to repent while living on earth so that he could participate in the Resurrection after death.
He said that police have set up a special investigation team to find out whether it was a mistake or a malicious intention of someone.
This season lasts about 2 months.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, has asked the former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma why he did not complete the construction of the Crowborough Hotel during his tenure.
Mairang, March 31 : As part of the celebration of Rastriya Ekta Diwas (National Unity Day), the office of the District Sports Officer, Nongstoin, in collaboration with the District Sports Promotion Society, Nongstoiñ, Nongstoiñ, this morning held a marathon known as the Run For Unity, which started from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem congratulated the Weavers Service Center Guwahati for taking the initiative to organize such a program to promote the weavers in the state. Ri-Bhoi District is a leading district especially in the Nongtluh area where many households are skilled in weaving which is also known as the Eri Silk Village in the state.
Jowai: The VDPs and Police of West Jaintia Hills District have arrested a suspect in connection with the murder and rape of a 5-year-old girl in West Jaintia Hills District.
Wealth or possessions cannot remain moral and honorable in this world.
Conrad also congratulated the Chief Minister of Assam and the entire Cabinet for working together to achieve this good goal for Meghalaya and Assam.
The National Center for Seismology (NCS) said the quake struck Sonitpur in Assam at an epicenter of 26.690 north and 92.360 east. 17 Km.
The first match of the tournament will be between Seven United SS&CC, Mairang.
The BJP in the state believes that there are 2,40,80,106 Christians in India, according to the 2011 census, or 2.3 per cent of the population. India should also include the word Christian in Chapter 6 of the Draft National Education Policy, 2019, said Shibun Lyngdoh, President of the BJP Meghalaya Pradesh.
“You all know, the candidate has been announced but we will wait for the time to announce it publicly,” said Dr Donkupar.
The bill not only aims to address the issues falling under the ADCs but also seeks to abolish the VIth Schedule of the Constitution by abolishing the Village Government System.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who is also the President of the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA), has said that the Meghalaya government intends to provide stadiums and facilities to host the tournament. The Indian Premier League (IPL) is also held in the city.
Kong Dapmiar went to take only her clothes and her clothes from the house.
The company is run by Adarsh ​​Jhunjhunwala Kumar, Soni Jhunjhunwala and Rajiv Singh.
This road connects the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi from Nongpoh to Umden and Sonapur in Assam. in the area of ​​Umden Nongtluh in Ri Bhoi.
“I have been living in the market for more than 20 years and I see that the market on the days of puja is getting busier and this shows that the number of non-Khasis has increased and what will happen after 10 years? “If you look closely, even our people (Khasi) have closed shops and non-Khasi shops are forced to close down,” said a Rangbah who did not want to be named. They come to buy Dohkha or the goods that the Khasi sell and this shows that our minds are emotionally dependent on other ethnic groups,” said the woman who sells soh in the market.
She concluded by saying that perhaps people misunderstand that where there are no paid Hindus, there are Hindu leaders, where there are no paid Muslims, there are Muslim leaders. and in this state, which has a large Christian population, she said that most of the leaders are Christians.
In the midst of these difficulties, the country, the nation and the State Government are facing the implementation of the Land Transfer Act and the citizenship of the authorities, which is necessary for the election. according to Adult Suffrage.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 597 new cases have been confirmed and 5007 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Banteidor congratulated those who have been involved in the establishment of this school from the beginning until it has reached this level as it is now.
He had raised a large pig, which was 15 feet tall.
The seal must contain the SLUs and must be kept in a separate room with the EVMs for 45 days before the announcement of the result. The 5 percent mark in the EVMs, which are the control unit, ballot unit and VVPAT according to the Assembly constituencies and Parliamentary constituencies should be checked and verified by a team of engineers who produced the EVMs before announcing the EVMs. resolve whether there is a difference in the application of the candidates in the next numbers such as number 2 and
Rymbai Synrang Shahkhain, who came later, had a golden opportunity to turn the tide through a goal scored by Richard Dkhar in the 83rd minute.
He said that the work of his Government in the state has been recognized abroad and in the country as a whole.
A welcome song by the Rympei Village Organization, a video on the stories of violence against women and the good deeds of Cheanny D.Sangma and Batskhem Lyngkhoi were also shown.
It is difficult for a newspaper to stand on its own feet by waiting only for the sale of newspapers.
Let me start with the first pillar.1.
Shillong, November 10: Two GNLA cadres were killed and two others seriously injured after SWAT troops raided their camps.
He said that the writings and posters on the polling stations will also be removed within 24 hours and 48 hours after the announcement of the election.
Therefore, unfortunately, the VC has shown himself that he has not taken any notice of what happened and has tried to hide the facts by deceit and inaction,” said the NSUS. He said that if the NEHU authorities do not implement all the demands, the union has no choice but to go before the law and the court and start a public rally.
Shillong, November 22: The HSPDP has declined to comment on the request for clarification from two MDCs LG Nongsiej and Morningstar Mawsor who have joined the People's Democratic Forum (PDF) in KHADC under the leadership of Bah Pynshngain. In fact, the deadline for the party to respond and apologize within 40 days has expired but the party has not yet said anything on this issue.
Jowai, November 8: Violet Lyngdoh, the only female MDC of JHADC, who has recently left the UDP, has joined the BJP. BJP leaders today held a meeting at the Community Hall, Khliehriat West.
Surjewala alleged that the prime minister has been speaking only false words about the work of his government in the past 55 months.
These church names refer to the nature of the Christian churches from ancient times to the present.
It was explained above that the Manifesto is the action plan of the party on how to achieve good governance if the party comes to power.
The issue of demanding a district in Sohra has been going on for a long time and in fact Sohra should have got a district before Mairang.
He was ordained a priest on 7th March, 1978 by Archbishop Pius Kerketta at St. Teresa Girl's School, Dudhani.
And Mr.
I was imprisoned.
The country needs leaders who can carry the burden thrust upon them and the youth want to see leaders who can set an example for them.
But the life and works of Jesus are alive and speak to people today.
The rejection of Panchayati Raj was said because in these hilly areas there are no longer those traditional village governance systems.
The District Magistrate in this order has released the Security Forces, Medical Teams on duty, Wholesale Drug Stores and Pharmacies, Police and Armed Forces, Fire & Emergency Service employees. MeECL, NEEPCO and Power Grid, Food and Civil Supply employees, FCI employees, Public Works Department (PWD), Public Health Engineering (PHE) Department, Jowai Municipal Board, Postal Service, Telecom, Communications & IT Services, Press, Print & Electronic Media and Petrol Pumps.
Shillong, July 19: The Executive Committee of the United Democratic Party (KHADC) led by Bah Titostarwell Chyne as the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been dissolved within hours. UDP Leader Bah Metbah Lyngdoh has said that the party will not affect the friendship with the NPP in the state.
The LKSU expresses its deep sorrow that as of now this road has deteriorated and has caused heavy traffic jam in the Narpuh area and caused many problems to the passengers.
The Bill introduced by the KHADC is a Bill to ban the marriage between Khasi and non-Khasi.
She said that there is counseling for parents on how to take care of their children especially during this time when they are growing up because it affects their minds.
Superintendent of Police, South West Khasi Hills District, Bah JD Kharwanlang, spoke on the need to preserve the environment by using modern equipment such as mining of coal, stone, shyiap and at the same time he urged everyone to plant more trees that can give life and to avoid burning trees, hills and rivers to avoid damage to the environment and they must remember that these weapons they use without thinking will kill us one day.
We are in these difficult times, because of the coronavirus and in such days, there are many who misunderstand, saying that the suffering is only the poor, or those who need help from the Bank or the Government, he is only a contractor or a landlord; but in such a case, the one who is stronger and stronger is affected by many parts of his body.
“The youth have lost hope and now they are turning to the BJP to do something for them and now they don't believe in the misconceptions about religion and now they understand. and to decide that the BJP should rule in our state.
“Now we are looking at the feasibility of implementation as well as investment," Mondal said.
To leave one's wives and children without a good reason is physically and mentally ill, especially if they are poor families.
The union has submitted a petition to the Home Secretary of the state government to set up a Police Outpost in Mukroh, as since 2015 it has been demanding the same. and so far the government has not done anything.
When asked whether the schemes introduced by the Prime Minister are not necessary, the Congress MLA from Mawsynram said, “I cannot say anything on that, but it is up to the people to judge.
Condemning these acts, Mukul said that these are just the schemes of the robbers who have no knowledge and no vision for the future of their children. They will suffer in the future if the country and the nation are destroyed.
The song was composed by Basuklin Ryntathiang and sung by Basuklin Ryntathiang and Morning Star Basaiawmoit.
You should not be YESMEN.What is the invitation to you young people of the country while there is still time??? Shillong, Lber, 31: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) on Friday vowed to resolve its border issue in collaboration with the authorities. villages in the border villages after the failure to settle the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Islam was arrested on July 1 on charges of involvement in the murder of two brothers but escaped on the road from Ampati to Tura.
Groups were encouraged to hold seminars, awareness gram sabhas and initiate programs to raise awareness on the importance of unity in all spheres of life.
On the other hand, KHNAM has demanded that the Minister should set up a committee or talk to the PHE so that they can produce a monthly test report on the water and publish it in the media.
Shillong, November 12: On the 11th of this month at 5:30 pm, a man named Bowell Laloo (42 years old) was arrested on suspicion of robbery. The man loaded two girls aged 12 and 5 years old into his commercial vehicle (ML-05L 5069) (Maruti Van) and told them to drop them off at the place. that they should alight, but on reaching the alighting point he did not stop the vehicle but drove to another place.
Most of the road is in the constituency headed by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah who is also in charge of the PWD department. The road was funded by the Japan International Corporation Agency (JICA). ) at a cost of Rs 1377.5 crore.
Seven people were injured in the shooting inside the Altria Theater in Richmond, Virginia, during a party on Tuesday night.
