When he returned to the party, I made him a member of the Rajya Sabha but here too he left the party.
Let us pray especially for the orphans, the widows who live in fear and doubt, that God will be their Father and Protector, Provider and Caregiver for them.
“It is also a special case against those officers who do not obey the orders of the government ministers,” he said.
The problem is that the Central Government has not yet passed the UCC Act and we don't know what will be included in it; these are the statutes and these are the purposes of that law.
However, Kongwang was defeated by Prestone by about 8,000 votes.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The BJP Meghalaya has celebrated the 70th Anniversary of India for 14 days from the 9th to the 23rd of this month across the state.
Shillong, Nailar 1 : The Union Minister of Coal and Mines, Pralhad Joshi, in reply to a written statement in the Rajya Sabha, has said that the Coal Inventory of India has released a report on the country's economy. The Geological Survey of India (GSI) has found that as of 1.4.2021, there are 576.48 metric tonnes of coal in Meghalaya.
At the opening ceremony of the 100th Anniversary of Jaiaw Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who was also the Chief Guest, inaugurated the school. celebration starting today 16th January 2023.
Here it was found that in Paragraph 24 and line 4 of these newspapers, there are spelling mistakes.
“And we all know that this area Nongmahir Lake is very beautiful and very scenic with huge potential for tourism and hence with this procurement of this land, we will be able to take up tourism projects in this area," Sangma added.
You can fool the public once or twice but not many times.
Meanwhile, Bah Estron Marwein, one of the farmers, said that if the government doesn't do anything to remove the marten, they don't have anything to object to. be clean and pure.
Before the race, the oath of office was read by Bah AS Mukhim, BDO, Mawryngkneng C&RD Block under the chairmanship of Bah Bhalang Lyngdoh, Chairman of Nongkrem Durbar Pyllun. In the presence of the elders and members, office bearers of NYDA. The BDO and Chairman of Nongkrem Durbar Pyllun also distributed prizes to the winners.
The team from St. Anthony's College won the second prize and the team from St. Edmund's Higher Secondary School won the third prize.
Shillong: The General Secretary of AMPSTA, Babu FC Shullai, today said that from 1st July, deficit teachers will receive their new salary according to the 5th Meghalaya Revision of Pay.
“On the other hand, HITO strongly condemns the MDA Government, which has only talked but has not done anything,” he said.
AIS God, you are great.
The Drone in the New Agriculture Technology (DHaBReT) was sponsored by the Digital India Corporation, MeitY of the Government. India, in collaboration with NESAC, CPGSAS, CAU(I) Umiam and RBFU. Dr. SP Aggarwal, in his speech, said that the government is looking for new ways and means to meet the needs of the people. , to improve the agriculture in the rural areas and especially to use modern science, so that the farmers in the rural areas can improve with the passing of time.
In a petition sent to the Chief Secretary of the state today, the leaders of these organizations demanded an independent and thorough investigation into the illegal activities committed by him. The funds of the people through the distribution of schemes to the people of Mawsynram area only for the purpose of contesting the 2018 elections.
Isaiah 1:17.
“Our State is still very young and I expect this to be a golden opportunity to transform the country to reduce the number of deforestation but this will be transformed into sustainable development. innovate," he noted.
In this regard, the Government has given 3 months from 15.03.2023 to 14.06.2023 to renew the Proof of Identity & Proof of Address in connection with Aadhaar without having to pay any fee. By visiting the my Aadhaar (SSUP) Portal, please note that you cannot send your Aadhaar (SSUP) card to others or deliver it beyond the above mentioned time.
Bollywood actor Jagdeep, who used to star in comics, died in Mumbai at the age of
The complaint was lodged after the killing of two border residents by Bangladeshi robbers in the past few days.
Other expenditure, if any, from other departments like NHM, other Directorates, did not go through me as DHS (MI) at that time,” he said.
Speaking to media, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that the construction of the Ingdorbar has progressed and about 50% of the work has been completed. The budget session for the year 2021-22 will be held in this new building.
Also present on the occasion were the Adviser of the Department of Education, Bah HM Shangpliang, Bah WL Lyngdoh, IAS (Retd) and President of the College Governing Body, Dr. MA Jyrwa, Principal of the College and others.
What is the roster system where the government is like this...If the roster is like this, it is better to be like in Manipur.
However, the Lamphang said that he will consider the matter when he comes to Shillong on the first day.
Rescue workers have already set a target for more bodies to be recovered from the scene.
Writing to X, Conrad said, “I would like to extend my last greetings to the former Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Standlington D Khongwir at his residence.
The total number of cases in Ribhoi is 24, 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 8 cases in West Garo Hills, 2 cases in South Garo Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills and 1 case in North Garo Hills.
It is learned that due to the police's insistence on surrendering, there was a stir among the GNLA members to surrender.
The program was attended by CEM of KHADC Pyniaid Sing Syiem as the Chief Guest, Leader of the Opposition Ronnie Lyngdoh, MDCs Bindo M. Lanong, Fantin Lakadong, Chairman of the Rev. JJM Nichols Roy Memorial Committee, Students, Pastors and invitees witnessed the ceremony.
In West Garo Hills District, 653 cases have been confirmed out of which 107 cases have recovered and 2 cases have died.
At the same time, leaders of all political parties are invited to join in this special prayer.
School teachers, Rangbah Shnong, women and leaders of various organizations, SHGs and others attended the event.
No doubt, there will be friends who have not yet reached the point of understanding who will be shocked and disappointed when they read this.
“If the TADA Act can be repealed, why not the MPDA,” she said.
Many are farmers and also run tea shops for tourists.
The program was prepared by the students of the College through songs, traditional dances and other activities which entertained the officials of NEHU, the management of Deen Dayal Upadhyay. Wahiajer and all the guests were invited to the inauguration ceremony of the Golden Jubilee Girls Hostel, where the Vice Chancellor of NEHU Prof.PS Shukla was the chief guest.
The incident happened at about 11 pm on Friday night at a house near the view point in Mookyndur village.
Arjun Nongshli said that he started this job a long time ago after he left his day job and turned to this job and with hard work he travels around the villages. and public places in the Nongpoh area to collect the water bottles or liquor bottles broken by the public and after collecting them he will sell them for his salary.
Rupang has been following the talks between the two sides, the government and the civil society.
Samran said that the land which the Ryntih SC has been given to use belongs to the Dorbar Shnong of Deingpasoh where it has a sokular agreement with the Dorbar Shnong for 40 years. Ryntih SC in collaboration with Minerva Punjab FC has lodged a complaint against Ryntih SC to use it as one of the best football training centers in the state. The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District on Monday visited the Kur Dkhar district.
The Executive Committee of the HSPDP Rambrai has held a meeting to review the ticket applications of these five candidates. The ticketing process has already been handed over to the primary units for approval on or before the 18th of this month.
The spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak" Matthew 26:4
Canada has also expelled the Indian official and given him only five days as part of India's response.
Nongstoin, June 14: The Nongstoin Mandal in its General Meeting held yesterday discussed the issues related to various schemes introduced by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
It was necessary to have a strong struggle, to bring about change.
Ukrainian investigators claim to have found 410 bodies in the city, near Kyiv and reportedly also discovered two mass graves in Bucha and This is one of 30 cities recaptured by Ukraine, near Kyiv.
When asked how many people in each constituency in the new division of constituencies, the CEM said that according to the average, each constituency has 15-16 people.
He visited the site together with officials of the Department of Arts and Culture.
Speaking after a meeting with PM Modi in New Delhi on November 14, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that he had briefed the PM on the development works and the progress of the project. various government programs within the state.
Meanwhile, the Vice President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) James Ban Basaiawmoit on Tuesday handed over his resignation letter as the Vice President of the party after he refused to join the NPP. He handed over the letter of resignation to the President of the party, Bah Gavin M Mylliem at the party office.
Many in these last days are rich, as the Word of God says.
And it came to pass that the Savior of the world came.
After discussions, the Meghalaya Joint Action Committee was formed.
Sliang Tourist Spot has reopened its tourist spot located in Amkoi Village, Amlarem Sub-Division to the public from all over the State and abroad.
However, it will be difficult and the Executive Council of KHADC, led by the UDP, has been prevented from opposing the Government because the UDP Ministers have agreed with the Government.
In the second half, Maw-U-tieng did not score a goal.
He said that the protest will start today with the distribution of leaflets to the people and in the leaflets it will be explained what the Ordinance is because until now the people know only the name of the Ordinance but there is something else inside. he does not get clear information.
The looting itself is something that cannot be explained in human language, because it has been thlen since before the election.
JOWAI: The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) in collaboration with NESFAS has implemented a project to educate the residents on the importance of eating food. body by reviving and strengthening the traditional food.
Although the JAC has decided to hold the meeting without the presence of its Chairman, Bah Baïateilang Lapang after he was arrested on the night of 9th November, 2023 on suspicion of don't ask for money at the petrol pump.
I would like to share my thoughts with you intelligent and dear readers to see how this tree in my opinion is indeed a threat to the nation because it poses a real threat to our country and nation.
Mizoram started the second innings strongly and Agni Chopra scored his second century in the first innings. he lost after tied 101 runs off 71 balls with seven 4s and one 6
We are fighting against the BJP and every day the BJP party comes to tie us outside the door by the ED-CBI”.
However, after our complaint, to the ECI, we informed with witnesses that our MLA who is not president and Bah THS Bonney who is not secretary have already resigned from the party.
The aim of the college in the next few years is to open Vocational Courses, Entrepreneurship Programs and Post Graduate in some departments, he concluded. this year it is more than 90% of the students.
These areas have been affected by the cyclone: ​​Warsan Lyngdoh, Mawjarain, Nongrim Mawpat, Pyndenjarain, Umsaw, Nongtynniaw, .
“We express our regret that after the formation of the new government, there have been Ministers, MLAs and some groups who have published various reports claiming that they have not been relocated from Mawlong Market. “It will be completed within this month,” said HPC Secretary Gurjit Singh.
Regarding this incident, according to the family members, they don't have any evil intention but they believe it is his fault because the river is not safe to make mistakes and it is dark and dirty. good that stone.
" The daughter answered and got up to call him but her father came to meet him there.
Bah AL Hek and Nalin Kohli, on the day of filing of nomination papers on Tuesday.
The theme of the Alumni Meet 2023 was 'Alumni Connect: Ignite the Flame' in which more than 100 alumni participated in person and online.
After the meeting, Bah Pyntngen Kharkongor, when asked, said that the Shnong has a land to donate to the government if it upgrades the Sub Center by replacing the land. On the other hand, the MLA, Bah Ngaitlang Dhar, on this occasion, promised to help in this need of the people, which is one of the ways. which is good for the health of the people of this area.
Therefore, PART IXA has been amended since June 1993 (vide S.O.3346 (E) dated June 1993).
He said that the TVWPS team has been looking for ways to introduce the Amur Falcon Festival as one of the festivals of the state and to hold it every year.
Shillong, November 5: The UDP MDC in JHADC, Violet Lyngdoh has decided to resign from the post of Secretary of the UDP Central Executive Committee.
Don’t associate with women who have a wrong mental attitude about marriage.27.
Meanwhile, the body of Marsanki Tariang, who was convicted of murder, has not been found.
Besides, Conrad also explained the construction of skywalks to improve the connectivity between Khyndai Lad and other places.
Manchester City have 32 points, Liverpool 30, Chelsea 28 and Tottenham 27 points.
Corruption is not limited to the states ruled by opposition parties that differ from the ruling party in Delhi.
Speaking on the main issues that the party wants to work in Ri Bhoi District, Bah Jason Lennox Nongrum, said that there are still many areas where the youth have to have that responsibility. The fight against drug trafficking, the need to demand from the government to provide adequate health facilities in Ri Bhoi, employment opportunities for the youth and other issues. which are for the welfare of the people in Ri Bhoi.
The General Secretary of the Federation, Bah Coming Tlang, said that the entrance fee will be T.5000 for one team and T.20 for each player.
Out of T.1300/- crore, T.300 crore has already been received and the government has paid T.100 crore, the remaining T.1000 crore. pay the remaining light bill, the negotiations to get the money are ongoing.
He said that the forced demolition of houses without notice or in accordance with the relevant rules is a violation of Section 41 of the Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement Act,
According to the verdict of the court, Shaibor has been fined 25,000 tyngka and if he fails to pay the fine, he will have to serve another six months in jail. during the course of the trial.
Before the end of the first half, Iawphniaw FC scored the second goal for Rison Malngiang in the 42nd minute. After that goal, Khiemusniang couldn't turn the tide and had to lose.
Khliehriat, Nov 2: Santa Mary Shylla, from Byndihati, daughter of Bah Thomas Nongtdu, has introduced herself to all the residents of the villages under the Sutnga-Saipung Constituency. She intends to contest the MLA election in 2023 and may contest from the National People's Party (NPP) against the Shitlang MLA who is still the MLA of the constituency.
The cleanliness drive in the country, Swachh Bharat, has been extended on the 2nd of April, which Khasi Christians call 'Sngi U Blei' when the whole world, people rest. in these last days.
Former Arsenal, Barcelona and Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas has announced his retirement from football.
It is true that women understand their uniqueness and independence in society, but if we look at the background, men can give a better answer as to the reasons for their death. you have jubor.
Moses had a rod in his hand.
The theme of the Alumni Meet 2023 was 'Alumni Connect: Ignite the Flame' where more than 100 alumni participated in person and online.
The inspection was accompanied by senior officers from the Forest Department and Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District Arpit Upadhyaya.
He also urged the students especially the boys to take care that the equipment does not break.
“I was hungry and you fed me, I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink; I was a stranger and you took me in to your Homes, naked and you clothed me; I was sick, and ye visited me...” (Matthew 25:35-36).
Speaking on the illegal mining and smuggling of coal, he questioned whether the Government is willing to set up an independent inquiry and said that such an injustice would never happen without the knowledge of the people. who are in power.
In addition, the workshop was prepared in order to bring forward ideas, express suggestions and collaboration opportunities for the development of SWAYAM MOOCs courses within colleges.
On Tuesday morning, the army arrested the militant who escaped from Bogapani area of ​​Tirap district in Arunachal Pradesh.
During the investigation, SI QE Pala has charged all four persons under the murder charge.
He said that for this, there needs to be those who are dedicated and those who surrender, the party will not forget to put forward if it comes to power.
JACATAM has decided to take part in the Teachers' Day for Teachers to be organized by the State Government on the 5th of November.
The three-day festival, which will end on Sunday, had to cancel all programs on the opening day including musicians and singers.
The Office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District together with the Office of the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District held a Workshop Cum Consultation Program on the Draft Meghalaya Youth Policy 2021 at the Community Hall of the Dorbar. Tpep-Pale Village, Jowai on Friday.
Although the talks have ended in a meeting with the Magistrates, it was understood that the case is still under investigation by the Superintendent of Police, Shillong.
Speaking to Rupang, Holei said that he started this business from an early age and he started curing his own diseases.
Raising a question in the Budget Session, the Congress MLA from Umroi, Bah George B Lyngdoh, expressed his concern over the shortage of staff for the construction of the bridge. to the Government that it should direct the employers to take action so that the work can be completed within the stipulated time.
They moved into the house five years ago on the eve of her husband’s retirement.
She also invited her fellow farmers to take part in other trainings related to the treatment of diseases and pests in plants to make Neem extract, Bordeaux mixture to get detailed information which will also be a training for benefit them in the field.
Shillong, Nailur 2: Two drivers have been suspended from driving for six months for driving under the influence of alcohol.
According to Dr Chyne, these drugs will help improve the health of children in the state where the child mortality rate has risen to 47 percent in the country.
The Rangbah Shnong of Nongjri, has announced that the Nongjri market will be temporarily closed and no vehicles will be allowed to enter the village. All the shops in the village will be closed from tomorrow morning. to ensure that the disease does not enter Nongjri.
Shillong: The shaking of the cross in Kongwang village continues today.
However, the number has increased to 108 out of 16 cases this month and has now reached 205, the source said.
Speaking to media, he said that after the resignation of the Administrator Rule in KHADC, Latiplang Kharkongor is still the CEM and Pynshngain N Syiem is still the Administrator Rule. Chairman of KHADC and can no longer hold elections but should be removed according to the AD rule.
In the morning, the trees will be brought back from Iawmusiang and erected in their respective villages, while the Symbood Khnong will be brought from Loomsooiung in the afternoon and erected at Khliehshnong.
Shillong: The village leaders of Rngi Shyllong, together with the MLA of Nongkrem constituency, Bah Miller Basaiawmoit, have immediately left for Laitkor to stop the border crossing by the Air Force.
Among the batsmen, Shubman Gill and Rohit Sharma came second and fifth respectively, while Virat Kohli came fifth.
Village leaders, church leaders, relatives, neighbours, friends and others attended the ceremony.
“To achieve that goal, we need to develop people’s workforce and empower them.
She said that according to the information from the RTI, there are many posts of Gram Sevaks who have been appointed adhoc in the Block which is illegal and unfair while those who have passed the examination have not received what they deserve.
The NESO said the Indian government has not been able to implement the bill and has used the bill to intimidate the indigenous people with its laws so that it will not exist anymore. In another development, Ampareen Lyngdoh MLA of East Shillong said that the government's order also states that it will work in some areas. of Meghalaya.
“Such accusations and mutual arguments will not be good in the East.
At first he said that his speeches came out only three pages but later they came out 14 pages and when he tried to write well, he wrote up to 48 pages and soon he said he would write. reproduced up to 100 pages.
Cut Motion- The Tyrwakam Authority is the power given to the Members of the Legislative Assembly to propose any legislation in the State in case of emergency in the society.
The group would like to express its love for the Bri u Hynniewtrep Hynniew Skum and wishes you all a Happy New Year including the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War.
Shillong, Naitung 30 : The UDP Mawlai Circle has expressed its deep sorrow over the insult to the students of Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya in the state especially as it happened recently at JNV Niangbari where the students received clean water. to drink, food that is old, medicine that is old and so on.
He said the HNYM will continue its strike on the 7th of this month, which is the day when the Home Minister, Amit Shah will visit Shillong. , Therefore, the party is also preparing to bring its strong members to Shillong to showcase the corrupt practices of the government in terms of appointment and other delays in the government led by and Conrad Sangma.
Suppose that 10 bighas of rice are planted, from the leaves of this 10 bighas of rice, every year, in Bilat, there will be a water supply of about fifty thousand tons of water.
Rio Ferdinand has admitted that his former England friend Frank Lampard is interested in bringing Lionel Messi to Chelsea.
However, you are surprised when there are only huri hura near the State from time to time.
The Secretariat, which is the residence of the high officials, has been heavily guarded and the gates have been locked and the entry and exit of the public has been strictly controlled.
The investigation is ongoing.
When asked by several party leaders, he said that his defeat in the Ranikor election has upset him.
P Sun, Area Manager of Pynursla, said that so far, they have been able to extinguish the fire to 80, 90 percent, while there are still other areas like Lyngkhat, where they have not yet been able to extinguish the fire. and it is said that it will take until next month, for the fire to reach all the villages in the area.
The talks were very successful,” Wasnik told reporters after meeting with them today.
The judgment came upon Israel at that time.
So he wanted to continue until October, but so far it has not been arranged.
According to the Health Guidelines, it was found that according to the report on the genome sequencing of samples related to people infected with COVID-19 in Meghalaya, it was found that most of the samples found were They are mutated strains that are listed by the WHO as Variants of Concern and some of them as Variants of Interest.
Members of the Church from children, youth to the elderly took part in this procession.
Sachin and Mrinal Das, who came to bat, scored 45 runs before Mrinal Das lost his wicket.
All this depends on the understanding of the government how to work together with the District Council and the Hima Mylliem because the government alone cannot do anything without the cooperation.
Nongpoh, July 02: The employees of the toll plaza at Pahammawleiñ, Ri-Bhoi, from both men and women tonight, have staged a temporary strike against the violence of the Manager. They also demanded the immediate removal of the manager of the Gagiur Rahman Toll Plaza in Pahammawleiñ, which has caused the delay in the operation of the toll plaza and the dismissal of the employees since he took over.
While Amitabh Bachchan and Abhishek Bachchan are undergoing treatment at Nanavati Hospital, Abhishek's wife Aishwarya Rai and daughter Aaradhya Bachchan have tested positive for the virus. coronavirus.
The Congress leader also explained that Bah Hek's visit to the media to discuss the issue is unfounded and said, “Bah Hek, when he received information, Therefore, you should write to the party to do whatever is necessary.
Earlier, the Chief Executive Members had written to the Prime Minister on 27th June requesting him to stop the allocation of T.27 crore for the Sohra Ecological Project.
We are doing this in 2019, we have discussed this issue and we have decided to proceed with the implementation,” said the CM. hall that just remained empty.
Speaking at the meeting, Vincent said that Victorealness will be the Congress candidate for the Ranikor constituency in
Shillong: The Working President of the PDF, Bah Hamletson Dohling, on Tuesday said that the PDF like other parties will nominate an MP candidate for the MDA. “We don't want to discuss this yet and we are preparing for the MDC election,” said Hamletson.
The seeds of these cows are known as Brahmas, which are very large cows and are cows that breed in the United States and originate from China.
The statement also acknowledged that Shangpung Village is a village which has not developed not only in terms of development but also in terms of education. part of the rural areas by the Central Government will be transferred to Shangpung which has become a more urbanized village.
Even such a sin is not understood to be a sin; and they need not repent, neither need they ask forgiveness of God.
In this regard, the party will also send a letter to the MDA Government saying that they cannot accept at all because it may happen that this Government will include the Pynursla Constituency in the Pynursla Constituency. Sohra District is newly created.
There are also explanations that it is about the conflict between the political parties in power.
In fact, all political parties contesting elections should publish their election manifestos in front of the people.
However, in the last four years, the UDP, which has the most power in the MDA Government, among other Seng Ri Lum, has not been able to hold or demand an accountability from the Head of Government, the Prime Minister, or to accuse the MDA Government of illegal coal mining, coke factories and other illegal activities.
On the other hand, the Umsning MLA said that Ri-Bhoi District has improved rapidly since it became a district where in the last few years, there have been no deaths from measles, in Ri-Bhoi.
New Delhi: U Prime Minister Narendra Modi today paid tribute to those who have lost their lives due to the covid-19 pandemic.
According to the arrested persons, Agelbeth was very strong as he was about to escape from nearly 10 people but after a fierce fight he was arrested who tried to escape.
In Judo, Sebastian Jasain (U-21) and Deepak Malick (Coach) will be in charge.
Shillong, Nailur 26: Police today arrested 12 women members of the Pynthor Longkmie Seng on charges of involvement in the rape of three young women. I'm not sure if I'm going to the police station.
Conrad said that the contract has been left unused for years and therefore, the Government has confirmed that it will call a tender for the contract and the highest bidder has been awarded.
In the first leg, Mooknor Thadmuthlong beat NSA 2-1 with goals scored by Ioh i Dhar in the 38th minute and Phrangko Sari in the 78th minute.
At the meeting, he said that stronger action will be taken to force the government to release the inquiry report.
The ceremony will start at 9 pm from Basa Diengkain (Khlieh Iewduh) until the end of the ceremony at Basa Kwai.
They have completed all the legal requirements and the vehicle has been taken to Jowai Police Station and the investigation is ongoing.
and the Meghalaya Police.
According to Bah Pynshngain, the statehood of Meghalaya was to be implemented for the benefit of the land owners but there was a problem because this was not resolved at that time.
Regarding the meeting at the border, the Raid Leader said that the Raid urges the MLA and MDC Jirang, the Sengbhalang, the Syiem of Nongspung Hima to attend the meeting. The meeting on the border will be held at Bakhlapara.
He said the UDP will convene a meeting with the RDA and the HSPDP tomorrow to discuss these issues. key issues.
The High Court also ordered that the government will have to take responsibility for the care of the child free of charge and the care equivalent to a Grade II officer of the state government for 20 years.
The Executive Committee has appointed Aiborlang Shadap as Chairman of the Elaka Boundary Committee and Arbor Hima Darnei as Chairman of the Rules Advisory Committee. of these MDCs shall be Executive Members of the Council.
In the past 18 days, there have been four clashes, which have lasted for 10 days and now, it is clear that China has strengthened the country. Depsang, near Ladakh, 200 kilometers east of Ladakh.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Youth Wing (UDP) today reshuffled its office bearers and elected Social Welfare Minister Kyrmen Shylla as the new president of the UDP Youth Wing.
On the other hand, the Minister of C&RD, Bah Hamlet Dohling, said that the laying of the foundation stone for the construction of the new office of Thadlaskeiñ C&RD Block has been successful thanks to the hard work of the MLA of the area, Wailadmiki Shylla. He wanted to increase the development of the Constituency.
In the writings of Nevinnesal Syiemlieh, Hughwas Syiemlieh, Sliksingh Syiemlieh, and Smallford Syiemlieh, "The Kur Syiemlieh (Kpoh Kaitkuna), the Maharam Hima" The first king of the Maharam Hima, whose name was “U Kohringngap”, came.
Under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas has introduced the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana (PMUY) as a scheme to provide clean electricity for cooking purposes. LPG for the lowest income households.
We need to work together and build mutual trust in the right way, and this is also the message that came out of the meeting between him and the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma held on Tuesday. ," said the state CM.
Meghalaya played in Puducherry on 15th November and need to win the match at home.
Regarding the Terminal Benefit, Vice President Arju Dkhar demanded that the government should sit in the Cabinet to take a decision to pay the employees.
This year 2018, the group has been able to clean 2 times and release fish once.
Teja Nidamanuru scored 54 runs and Sybrand Engelbrecht scored 45 runs.
Speaking at a public meeting held at Pynursla on Saturday, NPP President Conrad K Sangma said that he has asked the candidates who will contest from Amlarem constituency in ; Stephan Mukhim, Lahkmen Rymbui of the UDP and RL Tariang of the BJP are the candidates. He said that there is no Congress candidate in this constituency.
Yahshua has prepared those who have trusted in him.
Shillong: U Ma Lber Laloo, who has been fighting against the release of coal from the National Green Tribunal in the Supreme Court, in a statement today, said that his struggle is alone and “It is very difficult, because there is also a struggle from within and outside the State and Ma Lber, thanked God, who brought about this judgment of the court, in which he said,” None of the private groups were present on that day, except me and my brother and the GHADC”.
“I am sorry that I left the NPP at the last minute and I respect the Prime Minister but what can I do when my supporters have joined the BJP I have to follow them,” he said. he said.
Lummi Plain, resident of Mookyrdup, Jowai, passed away on 26th July and his remains were laid to rest on Sunday at the cemetery of Thadlaboh Presbyterian Church, Jowai.
Finally, he said that it is not too late, but if the people make the wrong choice, the future of their children will be difficult. “It is not a lie and the voice of the people is the voice of God,” concluded Mayborn.
Kolo Mauni scored for France to make it 3-2
Nongstoin, 30 Nailur: Members of the Seng Longkmie New Nongstoin on Tuesday conducted a raid inside the Nongstoin Market. hundreds of bottles of kyiad have been seized from some of the places hidden by illegal drug traffickers in the market.
Niwan Syad scored three goals in the 8th minute, Wanskem Khlem in the 38th minute and Lamki Dkhar in the 63rd minute.
Sylvester Mylliempadah tied 79 runs off 78 balls and Sanvert Kurkalang tied 28 runs off 22 balls.
Shillong, June 20: The HSPDP Mawthadraishan Constituency on the 19th of this month held a public meeting to discuss the issue of Fenela L Nonglait.
When asked whether this will affect the second phase of the border talks in the six disputed areas, Bah Paul said the differences arise because the border talks have not been resolved yet. but when the border is fixed, it shall not be so.
The meeting was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong of Jaiaw, Laitdom, Bah SB Kharbyngar and was attended by the Chairman of the Committee of the Elders of the San Seng Khasi Kmie Rgh Skor Jala. .
He said that the CEM has also expressed the need to do something about this exploitation by non-Khasis.
At the same time, u Bah Najim expressed his satisfaction with the opening of the Civil Sub Division Patharkhmah which the people have been waiting for for many years and it should be operational so that the people of the area will be happy. I don't need to go to Shillong.
The meeting was conducted by Chemhok Kyrweng, President of Labang Nangphyllut Circle Salbius Myrten and opened by General Secretary Rajesh Tamaha.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: Former MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process T. Sawkmie, today visited three backward villages of Mawlai Pyllun, which have been abandoned and turned away by the government. Government authorities and in the Leaders of the past five years.
On his last trip to Jerusalem Jesus rode on a colt and the donkey was also a symbol of peace.
Until now, only two 25 HP water pumps have been pumped and Jaswant Singh Gill who has rescued those trapped inside the crematorium has suggested that up to 10 100 pumps should be brought. up to 150 Horse Power (HP).
Receiving this award, Kong Patricia Mukhim, expressed her gratitude and thanks to the USTM University, which has recognized her for her services to the community. society.
In a statement, the four organizations strongly oppose any proposal to sell to the private sector the department which provides benefits to the state.
Earlier, the KHADC had appointed the Advisory Committee on Law and Traditional Affairs to review and amend the Bill.
Dr Mukul said the government has already launched many schemes to revive and strengthen the people.
In Mowkaiaw, Raliang and Shangpung constituencies, the contest was between the UDP and NPP.
These villages have not received electricity for more than two months.
As mentioned earlier, the price of these items at the market vendors in Laitumkhrah is in line with the price of Japanese goods at foreign prices.
This is done for their safety.
Because of the excessive exploitation of school principals, the world has been in turmoil by parents or teachers.
At the end of the festival, the school management also held a Parent's Meeting with the parents and teachers of the school.
The meeting lasted for three hours from 12 noon to 3:30 pm.
MeECL has not been able to pay the debt of NEEPCO, which is about T.500 crore and for this reason, when NEEPCO, has reduced the supply of electricity to the state. , that you will have to start the fire.
“Bah Nongrum said that especially during these times of rain, many of the places have had to buy water.
The opening ceremony was also attended by Bah Justine Kharbuki Rangbah Shnong Umden Umsaitprah, Bah Apbor Nongrum, one of the youth elders of the village, parents, children and others are elderly.
Referring to the benefits of FM Transmitters, the Prime Minister said that timely access to important information, measures to improve the community, weather information related to activities agriculture, access to information on food and vegetable prices for farmers, discussions on losses from chemical use in agriculture, integrated technology for agricultural activities, informing women's self help groups about new market related methods, and disaster relief.
From one branch, nine branches of riew hadem and from another branch, 11 branches of riew hadem, a total of 20 branches of soh riew hadem, which grow from one tree.
Tiwari said there was no inspection until the villagers went by force to investigate. The district authorities have set up a team of five members in connection with the inspection. an overview of the damage in 2021.
Regarding the road from Treïongriang Bridge to Muphlang Road which has been constructed by Ngaitlang Dhar as Contractor of Dhar Company, who promised that after the completion of the road there will be improvement and maintenance of the road. They urged Dhar to start implementing this project which he has promised and to donate to the Fund.
If you don't understand KHASI, please help me in English, “STREETS ARE MEANT TO BE USED FOR PEDESTRIANS TO WALK and STREET ARE NOT TO BE USED AS PLACE TO SELL YOUR STUFFS”.
Why has that Khasi life and our Khasi nation been so low? The shooting and killing of our brothers and sisters is their responsibility.
The KSU has complained that many trucks/dumpers carrying excessive loads pass through this road which has deteriorated the road.
In our country, 20,000 km has reached 3 lakh km.
He said that it is useless to fight too much for development while leaving behind the youth who have talent in sports, and encouraged the district authorities to work together to promote sports in the district, he added.
According to Sister Ann, those who come to stay at the Mercy Home have their own reasons and one is because the family does not want to take care of them, and especially because of poverty.
They alleged that this rude behavior on the highway has affected the entire Upper Shillong especially as it is a major tourist destination from all over the country to Sohra or Mawlynnong. Dawki.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep People's Federation (HPF) in West Khasi Hills has helped 50 affected households in Mawkadiang and Upper New Nongstoin.
Bhrigu Pant, Senior Engineer, Ashirvad Pipe Pvt.
However, it was reported that until now, the commission has not been able to start working.
However, there are people who are the cause of others' misery, sorrow and suffering in the world.
Last year, the World Bank estimated that there were 1.06 billion people without access to electricity worldwide and India and Nigeria were the two countries with the highest access to electricity. of the population, decreases dramatically.
It is also important that we have an MP, who has a close relationship in Delhi.
He said that the union will continue the protest on the 7th as government offices are closed on the 5th and 6th as it is Saturday and Sunday. The protest will be held on the 7th of this month and on this day members of the party will take part in the protest as on this day Amit Shah, Union Minister of State for Home Affairs will also visit Shillong. “We want to show that the Conrad government has deceived the youth of the state because even after we asked for time to meet with him, he didn't believe us,” he said.
Speaking after the meeting, he said, “There are many who will come with us, just wait for the right time.
In another incident, BSF personnel in Shella and Gopinathkilla have seized 23 cows from the township.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongthliew Circle today sent a letter to the Minister of Revenue and Disaster Management, Bah Kyrmen Shylla regarding the government's delay in releasing the relief funds to the victims of the cyclone. haka on October 27
We have started the discussion and all the things that have been discussed at this meeting remain the same because all the political parties that have come, have shown and expressed their views only through words without any writing to prove.
Earlier, the Taliban said they would never attack foreign offices in Kabul.
As soon as the dorbar opened, the journalists asked other MDCs of KHADC how they feel about the speech of Bah Albinus in the dorbar. They laughed and later recognized that it was a true statement in which they expressed their regret that a person whom the EC has been able to appoint as EM is still making such statements.
He said that for this reason, the Government will have to wait for the report from the new Consultant.
The National People's Party (NPP) candidate Bah Hamletson Dohling from Mylliem constituency has congratulated the people of Mylliem for their support once again.
The death toll from the virus has risen to 10,000 and the number of infections to 2,42,0
As the Church grows, there is a need to take care of the spiritual life of the faithful in many parts of the State,” said Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh in a statement.
For the first time in the country, we should use 5G technology to strengthen security.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Blik Sohtun expressed his gratitude to the RBYF leaders who visited the village to find out the situation and to seek information from the village leaders on the border. The Rangbah Shnongs and Raid leaders have expressed that they do not want to solve the problem, but on their part, they have insisted that all the Khasi villages in the Block II area should not go to Assam. It is not valid in the state of Meghalaya.
PFR Football Academy has been placed in Group C along with SAI Manipur and the winner of Match 3 of the 1st Round.
They said that at the time of submitting the tender for the MP election, there were only 13 indigenous people from Ri Bhoi. They said that as the shopkeepers who have been doing all this work before sending the tender, they have already provided the GST. and also to conduct various health tests and also to provide fresh food as directed through Foot Safety which they have complied with all the rules and regulations and finally received. and bar states that are not faithful to the district.
In this age of Kyrwohsohmyndur, the heart is closer to the young Dkhar than to the kni or the kur.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The State Government through the Ministry of Home Affairs has issued an order to all wealthy individuals, private individuals and traders not to pay money to insurgents or gangs.
The decision, today, made it clear that the Gorkhas will not be punished under the provisions of the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) 1955 and also decided to drop all the cases against them. Gorkha, who are still pending before the Tribunal.
Therefore, if the Dkhar is a longkñi in the Khasi household, the time will come when he will take away the stieh when the sum comes. WHERE WILL THE KHASI NATION GO? When how.
He said that the color of the water has changed from blue to blue.
One of the main causes of these diseases is high blood pressure.
Shillong: Meghalaya has not yet had a proper border since independence and has not been able to show its border, according to a Right to Information (RTI) report. DK Iawphniaw was not asked.
The RBYWO leaders met with the Joint Director of the department after receiving information about these appointments, which prompted the RBYWO to meet and demand from the Joint Director. The Director should immediately dismiss the foreigner and appoint a new person from Meghalaya as there are many Khasi who cannot do the job.
In this film there is a more beautiful scene and it is easy to watch and interesting because there are parts that will make the audience laugh. It affects not only the drinker but also his family and his neighbors as well.
The new cases include 95 cases in East Khasi Hills, 6 cases in Bairong, 5 cases in Bivar Road, 6 cases in Mawlynrei and 9 cases in Nongthymmai.
Since the Electricity Department announced the scheduled load shedding, we see that the entire East Jaintia Hills district has fallen under this hour from 9pm to 12pm midnight but in the area The electricity supply was cut off from 6 pm to 6 pm.
What is happening now is only the beginning of the Word of God.
Shillong, June 07: Umphyrnai SC has won the First Division Football League 2013 sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA).
Jowai, March 25: The JHADC today issued an order to suspend 7 Dolloi and 3 Acting Dolloi and at the same time appointed Acting Dolloi in several Elaka and The JHADC has appointed Atiar Bamon as the Acting Dolloi in the place of Manbha Kyndoh and Bnai Dkhar in the place of Dolloi Chawas. Prospol Samati in place of Dolloi Copiusness Daw of Nongjngi Elaka, Allosius Shilliang-am in place of Oldwing Shadong of Bataw-Lakadong Elaka and Patric Pala as Acting Dolloi in place of Nongjngi Elaka. Herod Sutnga of Sutnga District who was suspended.
In the incident, a doctor's vehicle was also hit by a stone while he was on his way back to Lamin.
Shillong, Lber 21 : Courtyard by Marroitt, one of the largest hotels in the North East, was inaugurated on 13th June, 2023 at Jail Road Police. Bazaar, Shillong.
The HC has ordered that the government should implement all the orders within four months.
“We have held a special meeting today with these candidates and the leaders from the 5 Block to discuss how to move forward with the work. We have also received the performance report from all the four blocks of WKH,” said Bah Wahlang.
Bindo said the Bill introduced by the BJP would be a terrible threat to the minority, not only in Meghalaya, but in the entire North East.
Nongpoh: As part of the observation of the welfare and development of the villages under the Mawtari Myrdon Sirdarship, on Saturday, many youths from different villages under the During the raid, who came forward to form a group, known as the Myrdon Youth Federation.
Dr. Jemino Mawthoh has also been re-elected as the General Secretary of the party.
“I am a Hindu.
He said that all these government departments have worked against each other instead of working with each other.
“The UDP stands on the basis of forming the government and we have always talked about taking responsibility,” said the party's General Secretary, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh. The UDP will resign from the government on many allegations against the government regarding corruption.
The report should explain the investigation into the complaints received, the medical condition of the women and others who were injured and whether the government has paid compensation. to the family or the victims of the disaster.
Mansturdy said that if he supports the PDF, Jansing should resign from the Congress party first otherwise he cannot support when the party is in the opposition.
The Rangbah Shnongs of Chynrem (Old and New), Welcome Lymba, Rangbah of Nohksiar, Elvis Lamin Rang and others who attended the meeting were Bah Thomas Ryngksai. Shon Kongwang, Rangbah Shnong of Lamapunji (Soh), Lin Lamin, Rangbah Shnong of Borla, Nero Tangsong, Zamin Dar of Chynrem, Johi Kongwang, Rangbah Shnong of Chynrem. He is the Vice President of the Bangladesh Indigenous Peoples Forum, a minority organization in Bangladesh which includes the Khasi, Garo, Chakma and other minorities.
There is always uncertainty and uncertainty in any business involving contractors working with outside companies.
The Court in its order said that the State and Dr N Mozika, Amicus Curiae, have agreed that the number of deaths in police custody since 2012 in the State has reached
When we lay down and commit our problems into God's hands, He pours His peace into our hearts.
The essence of faith and religious teachings is to live righteously and to be those creatures who have the power to bring peace in the home or in society. !!!! Dakhongpong in these days evil has ridden on every person who has forgotten his own identity who has tried to drive away the Rongphong and the desires of the flesh which has really violated the rights of LongbrïewManbrïew.
Because the nation has contributed to the development of the nation in many ways.
CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing has lodged a complaint with the High Court against the five MLAs and MDCs.
“The sixth test was conducted yesterday and the result was negative and this shows that this person has recovered from Covid-19,” he said.
However, the NHAI employees have been fighting for 24 hours to clean up the ground, but the NHAI has sent only two JCBs and these cannot be controlled. Star Cement Company, in collaboration with the authorities of Star Cement Company, has been able to clean up the soil this evening. The machine of the company has cleaned up the soil. all that is in the street.
So far, there are 165,000 cases as of Tuesday.
The HSPDP has won the post of Chairman and Deputy Chairman as well as the post of CEM.
The program was enriched by the presence of Amlarem MLA Lahkmen Rymbui and Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, who witnessed the program as the Chief Guest and special guests. SC Sadhu, Secretary, Ministry of Agriculture.
Many schools don't have enough money to pay the salaries of these teachers for many months because if they don't get an appointment from the government, they don't get the salary from the government.
He was welcomed by UDP West Jaintia Hills President Moonlight Pariat in the presence of UDP Secretary Kitboklang Nongtdu and others. Speaking at the meeting, Ma Baitlang said that the reason for his leaving the Congress party is because it has become divided and he has decided to give his full support to Moonlight Pariat.
Earlier, at a meeting held at Dorbar Hall Nenggate, Pynursla, HFU President Commander Shangpliang, General Secretary Alfonsebirth Kharsyntiew and HFU Founder Babu Kular gave a briefing. khongjirem as well as farmers and village officials.
“This behavior of Bah Sanbor is unacceptable and it is an insult to our dignity as a leader and an insult to our leader,” said Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the Seng. after the meeting was over.
Not only that, the Search and Rescue Team which tried to dive into the water could not find him despite the search which lasted from 10:30 pm to 12:45 pm.
On social media, Summersalt has expressed its efforts to preserve the culture of the people and the beauty of the environment of the Khasi Hills, by posting “The hills live in the fall of rain, the clouds in glory that meets in the middle of the sky and the blue mountains.
“The Council will have to consider this before taking a decision,” said Bah Blah.
In fact, this chemical is used to preserve the bodies of dead animals for researchers to do research.
But one day or one night, when their blood has run out, they will sit in sorrow, grief, and sorrow.
The trainees who attended the training were youths from neighboring villages like Amlari, Jong u Chen, Amjalong, Nongtalang as well as villages under Syndai. Short.
Vehicles will not be allowed to enter from 8.00 pm to 3.30 pm as well as shops.
In the recruitment of 40 percent Khasi Jaintia, Shish is sorry that even the fool knows that; Only from the constituencies we have already won, why hasn't the Reservation Policy been changed? 10.36 seats MLAs from Ri Khasi and Jaintia, Only 24 seats from Garo Hills so far; To talk about the population we have exceeded, Many in Meghalaya have exceeded others.
The problem with those who are in the opposition, even if they are in the Assembly, is not possible; to resign from the post of MLA, we the people need them because without brave legislators we will be persecuted many times.
In connection with this incident, police have arrested Bah Trophius Nongbri and charged him under Section 302IPC and the investigation is ongoing.
Furthermore, these organizations in Garo Hills have agreed in one voice that as it has been, the State Job Reservation Policy in Meghalaya should continue and should not be implemented. faithful to have any exception.
It doesn't matter if it's from the environment or from keeping yourself indoors and avoiding natural light.
To promote tourism in Darrang, the government has already allocated 70 lakh tyngka for the construction of a bridge in this village.
In a statement published in several newspapers and other media, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly and Congress member, has criticized the increase in poverty. In Meghalaya, which is the second poorest state (Bihar), it is for many reasons.
As mothers and women, when you see families suffering, you shouldn't, or shouldn't, tell stories to others, go to Jesus, go to God and pray for those who are suffering. their lives, that is the true Christian spirit.
Shillong, July 31: Fenella Lyngdoh Nonglait today announced that she will not contest the 2018 elections. “Many people from Mawthadraishan and Nongstoiñ have phoned me and asked me whether I will contest the election or not,” she said. Fennel.
Shillong, Jymmang 02 : More than Rs 500 crore has been delayed through the 15th Finance Commission to be released to the three Autonomous District Councils due to the delay in sending the Utilization Certificates (UCs).
The temperature in Shillong was 39 degrees Celsius in the morning and 31 degrees Celsius in the evening.
Curfew has been extended from 8 am to 4 pm in Shella Police Station, Tyllap Police Outpost and Bholaganj Police Check Post.
These include EGH: 12, EJH: 5, EKH: 191, NGH: 4, RBD: 82, SGH: 7, SWGH: 5, SWKH: 53, WGH: 62, WJH: 34 and WKH:
Who-led-the-KSU-who-is-going-to-see-the-elder:Apparently.
MR Conrad Sangma knew this, but his desire to replace Himanta Biswa Sarmah is greater than his thought for the Khasi Pnars (just roster and reservation) for now 11th and 2nd and these patriots have given their full support.
We live only once in this world and let us strive to draw closer to God in times of difficulty or happiness, in times of pain or suffering, in times of sorrow or happiness, in times of sorrow or despair. meet in our human lives so that we may receive the eternal life that is still offered through Jesus Christ today.
The availability of a map for health facilities is essential for the Government to improve health in the State.
Seven deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills District: 06 and West Khasi Hills District:
SD Khongwir also praised the initiative of Ardent Basaiawmoit to start a revolution to protest against the Indian government's ignoring the demands of the Meghalaya government.
Prestone Tynsong expressed his deep sorrow over the misguidance of the members of the community at the opening ceremony of the statue of Dr. DD Lapang today at Ri Bhoi College.
He said that according to the Constitution, eating and drinking is a free will but the BJP's actions will affect the Constitution and the people of the country.
“Regarding the Engineer's statement that the Dome is too heavy, how can he make such a statement without receiving a detailed technical report?
At the same time, more than 29 villages in West and East Jaintia Hills under the Raij Tuber perform their own rituals such as choh thyndai and others in their villages.
The annual meeting of the Society was held for the first time at Raj Bhavan.
Then the Lyngdoh of Nonglyngkien decided not to burn any more after the death of Pdah.
Subsequently, the government can guide these groups to ensure that the mining is done in accordance with all the legal and scientific regulations.
It is learned that the mob also shot dead the employees of the workplace.
Shillong: Shillong received 31.4mm of rainfall today while 3.6mm today.
just like a jukebox.
Minz has not yet played in the Ranji Trophy for his state but has played for Jharkhand in the U-19 and U-2
The MDA Government's first goal is to maintain power, don't misunderstand”.
If the forests are destroyed, where will the animals and birds flee? We must remember that if our selfishness is overwhelming, we will soon die because we don't have enough fresh air to breathe.
Expressing that the meeting will be held soon, the Minister said that the preparations for the meeting have been going on for many months and therefore they also hope that the meeting will be held soon. it shall be equal.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sengkmie led by Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin as President and Bah Roykupar Synrem as General Secretary in the presence of HYC Jaintia Hill on Thursday visited Lapangap to congratulate the village leaders and also the village leaders. the people of Lapangap.
Felicia Sympli scored in the 2nd, 40th, 53rd and 55th minutes, Alisha Lyngdoh in the 29th and 41st minutes and Evangelin Bareh in the 23rd and 51st minutes.
Principal Dr. Eureka Lyngdoh and IOAC Coordinator MS Warjri delivered a keynote address.
Out of the four universities in the state, there are 525 students, according to the government.
Before the handover, a short meeting was held by Tbn A Waniang.
According to the SP of West Jaintia Hills, Lakador Syiem, the mother of the child from Mynska had come to complain about the disappearance of her daughter.
Besides these border villages, Thadmuthlong was also attended by Rangbah Shnongs and Secretary Shnongs who expressed their gratitude to the group and said that the State Government has neglected the border villages. No assistance has been provided to the residents in the border areas.
He promised that his office will provide assistance in improving the residence and that the staff will be encouraged to work.
Furthermore, this Act protects only the large farmers especially when there is no MSP (Minimum Support Price) through which all the farmers receive assistance from the government and through their withdrawal of This is the MSP of the farmers.
Ahab told Jezebel what Elijah had done and how he had killed the prophets with the sword.
Other MLAs who won through the EITU in the 1957 MLA election were Rangbah Brojo Mohan Roy from Shillong.
The train can pass through this railway line at the same speed of 65 kilometers per hour.
On the same day, the leaders of the Church of God, Wahiajer also met with the heads of Meghalaya Cement Limited, Topcem to seek clarification on the company's failure to build the church.
At present, a synrop group has been formed in the KHADC called the Khasi Hills United Democratic Alliance (KHUDA), but in the new arrangement, Chief Executive Member PN Syiem will have to resign. Members of the UDP, HSPDP and private members, who are currently in the Executive Committee, include Teinwell Dkhar, Leader of Shella Constituency, LG Nongsiej, Leader of Nongstoin Constituency, Grace Mary. Kharpuri Independent MDC from Nongshken Constituency, Bah Oris Pamshong, Leader from Mawhati and Supporter of Julius Dorphang, Independent MLA and others.
Therefore, proper writers/journalists have to spend time and days to investigate all the facts before publishing or broadcasting to the public so that there will be no mistakes.
He said that the goal is what the people want, that is, clean governance and adequate income.
The Vice Chancellor of IFCAI also met with some students from the North East and promised to provide adequate security to them and requested them not to return home. .
The general secretary of the KSU said that the intention is against the people and will not bring peace and order because all kinds of evil deeds will come if allowed.
Do we ever ask what the future of these children will be? The idea of ​​parents that sending their children to school is to get government jobs is wrong.
It is not an easy task to replace a small house with a good four-room house.
The Minister's visit to the higher authorities of the Government of India in Delhi was only one day. He promised in front of the farmers and village leaders at a briefing and public information meeting on the permission to use fertilizers in the State. long in Mawcaster.
Nongpoh: About 10 to 15 households from Ummat-I and Ummat-II villages in Ri Bhoi District have not received their ration as they deserve. and which has been allocated by the Government under the National Food Security Act.
However, it is hoped that one day Jaintia Hills will also have a Medical College.
According to the warning issued by the VDP Laskein, it has issued warnings to the residents and foreigners that besides the activities of the villagers, they are prohibited from speaking against the villagers. the village is created.
They said that in the past years, even if the price of kubi increases, it will not exceed 30 tyngka.
If you know how to sing and dance, please listen to the voice of the teachers who shout and have to come out.
Dr Kharlukhi said that the issue of Inner Line Permit and the Khasi and Garo Language will be the main issues to be discussed.
The total number of voters in Sohiong is 34,783, of which 17,096 are males and 17,687 are females.
Speaking to reporters, the leaders of the Union, including Bah LS Pamshnong, Chairman, Bah Cyril Maring Secretary, Bah Sensi Lyngdoh, Lyngdoh of Raid Nonglyngdoh and others, while speaking to the media, expressed their anger. They said that the government has not completed the Polytechnic, because their desire is to benefit the youth of the area and the youth of the district as a whole.
“I have already represented the state filmmakers at the Cannes Festival and now I will represent the farmers in Switzerland where I will be able to explain my information to the farmers,” he said.
Government and private schools took part in the tournament among students between the ages of 14 and 18 years.
Bihar, who won the toss and elected to bat first, took seven wickets for 68 runs.
The union also requested the authorities such as the government through the Mining Department, KHADC, JHADC, GHADC to take action to resolve the issue with NGT as soon as possible. The NGT has revoked the order.
Shillong, November 18: A 14-year-old boy named Kenny Kharpuri has been shot dead by elders on the 11th of this month.
They said that the Umngot project should be handed over to MeECL.
Michael said the government should immediately enact the rules and regulations to prevent the breakdown of families in the state which is very severe especially these days.
They are the Khunkha of the tribe of the Father.
There are very few village headmen and hima headmen who have the true spirit and willingness to serve the people without discrimination or injustice.
Shillong: The family members of Agnes Kharshiing and Amita Sangma today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, demanding that he conduct an inquiry through the Central Bureau of Investigation. The CBI has investigated the shooting death of Agnes Kharshiing and Amita Sangma.
All the residents who have reached the age of 18 years as well as the owners of houses, shops and places outside the village are requested to come and participate in this day.
Speaking on the occasion, ANVC Chairman Dilash Marak said that the existence of the ANVC is a force in their hearts to fight for the Garo people. The nation has faced many challenges in all aspects.
The assault by the Asst.Sports Director of the university on the longryngieng of a female referee which happened recently has brought down the value of the university.
He said that the police should use social media to provide information for the benefit of the people.
"I will learn more about this incident," he added.
“The dissolution of the HSPDP in Ri-Bhoi and Jaintia is just a ploy by Bah Ardent, who wanted to take over the seat of President which Bah Hoping now holds,” said Bah Markus Lyngdoh. He said that all the decisions of the CEC on this issue were through the plans of Bah Ardent.
There are so many things that surprise me about this pandemic.
“These are some of the allegations,” said Bah Dkhar.
The house was built and dedicated to the Meiieid known as Noris Rani, with the help of Umkadhor Village, along with the help of several spiritual people, including leaders, party leaders, government officials and others.
Inter Miami SC will face Real Madrid FC and Sevilla FC will face Manchester United FC in the U-10 category. Inter Miami beat Real Madrid FC 2-0 with goals from Banteibor Songthiang and Ronishan Marboh.
I am healthy, but I am in hospital, according to the advice of the doctors.
They also have their own rituals, rituals, sacrifices, puja pukan and phur ka siang, customs and traditions which cannot be created or can no longer be created or established in the present generation.
The death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to 1,065, bringing the total to 70,6
Sriprakasa, the Agent to the Crown Representative (who was also the Governor of Assam) was also present.
We thank everyone who worked tirelessly to oppose this bill.
The security experts said that in the Rohingya areas in Rakhine, Chittagong and in their hideouts in Bangladesh, Muslim militants and militants have been hiding in the forests. of this northeastern region.
KSU Secretary Donald V Thabah today met with the Director of MeECL (Distribution) C Kharkrang to demand that the electricity department should not turn off the electricity during these times. long exam children.
He said that although the HNLC has not sent any letter to the state government saying that it wants to talk peace and the HNLC has expressed this only in the media, but the state government has not sent any letter. It is ready to take this issue to the Central Government.
Speaking to media, Titostarwell Chyne said that out of the amount of T.700 crore, most of it will go to the Sohra area, not only to improve the highway, but also to improve the road. village roads and to develop the tourist attractions in the area.
When asked whether the government has such land to give to the Harijans, why doesn't it give first to the indigenous people who are living abroad and who don't have their own land? “I don't have enough money to pay the salaries of the teachers,” said Bah Adelbert.
Please know that Conrad has to resign from his MP post just because of the conflict between these Khasi MLAs of ours, who are more likely to become CM by Conrad Sangma than by you. I will not be lost again.
NESO also reminded the Prime Minister on 15th November 2009 to take all necessary measures to protect the students of the North East.
Shillong, July 9: At 9:30 pm on the 8th of this month, police have received a complaint from Rajindra Biswas, resident of Majai (Bhola Ganj) that on the 6th of this month, Bobita Biswas , 15 , daughter of Bobita Biswas , 15 , was abducted by a man named Md.Salim Khan , 21 , from the same village The child was taken to Shillong.
In a statement, Secretary John Cajee said that the club will play the final against Umphyrnai Sports Club on Saturday 21.09.2019 at 3.00 PM at Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium. , Polo Ground.
Shillong: The ABVP has sent a letter to the President of India demanding the appointment of a new Vice-Chancellor of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU).
At the beginning of this work, before the introduction of the First Amendment Bill, 2018, the Rangbah of the Kurs including When we have considered the 1st Amendment 2015 and the 2nd Amendment July, 2018, we find that there is a conflict with the Kurs.
Therefore, as mentioned earlier, the name “Jaintia” refers to the Hima, not to the people.
Shillong, July 27: The Tura Government College Students Union (TGCSU) on Thursday submitted a petition containing 23 demands for the improvement of the facilities. college.
I have been told that some people with visual impairments have gone to ask for help from an MLA who does not want to be named. Remember, you will not sit in that chair for more than five years because your words have already convinced you.
The Chief Minister of Manipur also visited the injured students at these two hospitals to see how they are doing.
Compared to Meghalaya which has used only local players, Mizoram continues to use foreign players and among them, Agni Chopra has tied the most with 105 runs from 90 balls. Akash Kumar Chou Dhury took the lead in the first innings for 4/79 in 23 overs.
Dr. Bashida Massar, Associate Professor, Department of Zoology, St. Anthony's College, Shillong and Co-PI of the project, explained in detail about this aspect of conservation. he is the source of life.
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) today conducted raids at 24 places in the NCR, Patna, Ranchi and Mumbai including the residence of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. Bihar Tejashwi Yadav in Delhi on charges of misappropriation of land and employment.
Shylla said Prestone has been campaigning for the elections these days and he believes that if the NPP can form an Executive Committee in KHADC after the MDC elections, it will implement the Village Administration Bill (VAB).
At the start of the innings, Meghalaya were probably disappointed after being bowled out for 123 runs with Lohar 34 runs, Gaurav Nar Leng 25 and Rudra Singh Rat scored 21 years.
In the third match, Da-i-hi Mynsngat beat Da-i-hi Mynsngat 1-0 in the fourth minute. Danechan I Sayoo scored the first goal for Mawkyndeng Stadium in the 63rd minute.
Therefore, the writing of Bah Bindo M. Lanong, MDC that the decision of the Supreme Court on the case of Kong Byrhien has nothing to do with the ILP issue does not stand.
Car-pass holders should not wear stickers especially on vehicles.
He said that he does not know whether the investigation into the case has started or not, as the Magistrate who was supposed to investigate the case is still on leave. be taught.
He said that they need to pray in a special and thorough way to get rid of these evils and this prayer should be prayed by people who have the power and talent and not by those people who just do. I have a prayer.
Therefore, if left unused, they will rot.
The festival was held at Tyrna village in Sohra Civil Sub Division.
The Minister said that once we have received all the reports from all the colleges in the state, the education department will consult with the health department to take a decision to open the colleges. to the college in the state.
Nongpoh: U Dasakhiatbha Lamare, Minister of State and MLA of Assam and Meghalaya, on the occasion of the visit to the border area of ​​Assam and Meghalaya, Mawhati, on Saturday, laid two foundation stones at Umsiang village, for the construction of 21 development schemes in the villages and also for the Rural Market at Umsiang Maiong village.
Saurabh scored his first hundred runs against Meghalaya in the group stage in November
This shows that the allegation is merely on paper and is not true and it is for this reason that the NPP, which won 19 MLAs in the 2018 MLA elections, this time has won the election. 26 MLAs including 18 from Garo Hills and 8 from Khasi Hills.
There was one death and one who had not been injected.
Four persons dressed in masks and armed at the same time robbed a petrol pump belonging to the Pyngrope Service Station at Ur-Masi-U-Joh at 9:00 am: 49 pm on 26th November, 2023 to rob the money earned by this petrol pump every day.
In Shillong, for the poor especially in Mawprem 18 West Shillong, those who live in these poor houses don't have bikes and scooties,” he said.
Newborns are at increased risk of contracting waterborne diseases.
Conclusion:Primitive India believe earth is flat, earth sit on the back of 4 elephants were standing on the back of elephant the earth was place.
The leaders of the union said that on the 9th of July, they came to meet with the Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh to express their dissatisfaction with the union. Marjroie said that Ampareen has said that there is no place elsewhere to give them, and they should not come to talk to her again. “She said if it doesn't work, go and look for it, there is no place, don't come and talk anymore and don't come anymore, she said she feels tired. “Marjroie said while talking to reporters.
They said that in fact they should have been imprisoned for only three months but they have been imprisoned for nine months . know what was written at that time when they were in the hands of the police.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla witnessed the match as the chief guest in the presence of Meghalaya Basketball Association Secretary Donald Steven Wahlang, members and leaders of WJDSA. T.60 thousand or T.
“The candidates who are the owners of the constituency know better the problems of the people in the constituency and they have a responsibility for the people,” said Bah Kynmpham Mynsong, the new President of the PDF Mawhati Zone. He said that in the past 4 years, the people have been left behind by an MLA who is not from the constituency. “Even though he is an MLA elected by the people, he is still willing to leave the constituency to leave the people of the constituency without any feeling,” he said.
We need freedom and to live in a Country where all citizens, men and women, disabled as well as LGBTQIA+ groups are equal and lovingly included.
In East Khasi Hills District, there are 355 cases of covid-19, of which 267 cases are from BSF, 14 cases from Armed Forces and 74 cases from civilians. One case in West Jaintia Hills, one case in East Jaintia Hills, 12 cases in West Garo Hills, one case in South West Garo Hills, two cases in South Garo Hills, one case in East Garo Hills and one case in North Garo Hills.
Khliehriat, July 08: The Jaintia National Council (JNC) today renewed the office bearers of the Hynniew Shnong Circle at Moolamanoh Village. The meeting was conducted by the incharge of JNC-7 Shnong Circle, Bah Mehi Rymbai.
As a people, we have lost a person who is still needed to show the way for society.
They can login on or after 14th November 2022 and get a printed copy of the admit card which they have to bring to the rally.
At the same time, Shillong received 148.5mm of rainfall while Umiam received 73.4mm.
Shillong: Due to the decline in the production of agricultural products in the state, the state government today decided to lift the ban on the use of fertilizers in agriculture. in the state.
The Cabinet meeting held at Tinsukia on Thursday decided to implement many development projects in the district.
The distribution of Top Syntek to the residents of Nongthymmai Kyrdem Village was held inside the Dorbar Hall of Nongthymmai Kyrdem Village. Top Syntek, who was pleased with the young man.
He expressed his satisfaction that with the cooperation of the opposition MPs in the Rajya Sabha, they have been able to stand against the Bill.
“You are the one who took care of me and now you have insulted and humiliated me,” she said to Nijanduh Phawa.
Shillong, November 27: Rev. Battista Busolin, a 94-year-old Italian Father, passed away at Holy Cross Hospital, Tura on the 24th of this month. His body was buried at Bosco Mount Rongkhon on Tuesday.
The people of Khasi and Jaintia Hills have united to strengthen the NPP and we are confident of winning the most,” he said.
Economic development is essential for all and only if we set the same goal of development will we be able to develop.
Through the FIR, I said that he had thrown her on the ground by tied her on the head and tried to stab her in the neck, and this means that he had intended to do something, but if he had any intention, to steal the bag, and he knieh and ran.
These two District Councils have already submitted their reports, which should be returned to Meghalaya.
Other office bearers of the party who were elected as General Secretary, Working President Paul Lyngdoh, Titostarwell Chyne, Nujorki Sungoh, Lahkmen Rymbui, Donbok Khymdeit, Renikton Tongkhar, Rikman Sangma and LC Momin.
At the same time, the Minister informed that under the JJM, the State has received the award as the best performer State by the Ministry of Jal Shakri besides receiving cash prizes.
Nongpoh: The University of Science and Technology Meghalaya (USTM), Killing Ri Bhoi, on Tuesday held a program to honor 138 students from Meghalaya and Assam, who have passed the examination. and entered the Top 20 in this year's 10th and 12th grade.
Djokovic is now facing his second defeat against the young player, as Rune beat Novak for the first time at the Masters 1000 in Paris Bercy. in November of last year.
Bah Sameer Sohliya, Senior Journalist of the State, passed away today after a long illness.
They have already informed the DC Nongstoin and the SPDSSA, Shillong through the Joint DMC, Nongstoin.
She said that the IOA or AA is a protection for the people of Meghalaya.
The Secretary, Health and Member, NITI Aayog gave a briefing on the current situation of Covid-19 around the world, including the increase in the number of cases in the countries.
No one objected to the public hearing and it can be said that the public hearing for the implementation of the mines of Bah Lamshwa Kyndoh and Bah Tenson Dkhar, went smoothly and successful.
Gabriel Lakashiang (40) and Ngahi Suna (82) scored the two goals for Mukhla Raij.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Chief Minister of Mawkyrwat Constituency and Minister of Meghalaya, expressed his gratitude to the youth for taking part in this special day. Sngap Syiem Day, not as a Minister of State but as a leader of the community to remember the good deeds of the great Syiem Sngap Sing Syiem.
They also said that the Army has already installed a Check Gate, which is only 1km behind the site, which they plan to build. new now.
KS Suchiang, General Secretary and President of KSU Narpuh, said that as part of the protest, it was decided to urge the people who own vehicles and those who earn money to stop driving in the border areas of East Jaintia Hills District. .
He said that the movement of heavy trucks on the Umiam Bridge has been strictly controlled.
It cannot tolerate the heat of the sun, but it cannot stand well if the trees are cut down.
In her keynote address, Kong Angela, one of the founders of KAM Meghalaya, said, “We should not be forced or deceived by the popular mindset that we should choose or not. associate with people who are less wicked or less corrupt or less deceitful.
Those who attended these schools said that they went with the intention of learning to read the Koran and one of them is a school in Daura, east of Katsina.
Herein resides the greatest difference between man and beast.
They said that Bah Ardent's appearance to shake up the employment quota which has been transferred to one ethnic group is the answer of God.
Speaking on the abolition of the term “Rangbah Shnong” by Assam, Gangbura and Rambura thanked the Village Authorities in many villages under the two Elaka. The CEM said that Assam cannot afford to pay taxes on the Khasi Pnar districts which are still under the jurisdiction of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council. He urged the people living in those areas not to misunderstand and also not to take advantage of the rights and customs of the Khasi Pnar. The benefits of all the states and also that they should understand that they fall within the boundaries of this District Council and they should send information to the Council after their election of office bearers. He acknowledged that the Council together with the Council officials will visit these two Elaka. The Council has been in power for the appointment of Doloi since ancient times.
Companies House said all the shares in the new UK company are owned by Nine Two Holdings LLC, which registered in Qatar in June this year.
There have been 89 new cases of Covid-19 in Assam, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 4,6
He said that the Assam police had twice stopped the construction of the electricity scheme in the village and three workers had been arrested but released later.
Shillong: There have been 79 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today.
Thus, by giving hope, we can reduce the risk of suicide and create a place where people in need can come forward in search of help.
At the same time, he said that the arrested person is a robber who has been involved in many illegal activities from the sale of firearms to the illegal sale of wildlife besides the possession of seals. to thank for documents relating to government work.
Similarly, Pa'iem Tirot Singh, after thorough consultations with the Hima Dorbar which lasted for many months, agreed to allow the British Government to build its own road through the Nongkhlaw Hima. signed a treaty with Sir David Scott on 3 November
Secy Garry N.Thangkhiew, Asst.Edu.
In a statement, the Chinese Embassy in India said, “Chinese visas issued before October 28, 2020 are still valid and will be renewed and implemented from now on. .
Shillong, July 26: The All Meghalaya Adhoc Lower Primary School Teachers Association (ASA) has given its full support to the strike of JACATAM. The flag raising ceremony was held tomorrow as a sign of protest against the resignation of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of education, Dr Roytre C Laloo.
On the same day, there was also a heavy traffic jam in parts of Nongpoh town which caused a lot of trouble to the people in Nongpoh.
Other children study all subjects except Bengali. In that year, the total number of children studying in primary schools including Welsh Mission primary schools was 914 and only 129 were Christian children.
(continued) In the Dorbar, the sorbar and the judgment of the ancient Khasi, it was impossible to judge or judge in a hurry and they did not accept only the wise decision and actions of one or two wise men. The city is the work of the people.
) Most of the nations in the world have a patrilineal system.
The State Bank of India (SBI) has released the marks of the clerk examination
Babu Will has gone through many disappointments and hardships during the demands of the Hills State since the name of the Khasi State was lost.
“The BJP will prepare for the elections in which many women candidates will be nominated in many constituencies in the state,” she said.
If we continue to think like that, we will not grow.
On the other hand, the JAC urged the MeECL authorities to take action on these demands and to complete the 32 KV line as soon as possible this year and also to replace all the damaged transformers. so that it does not affect the public and the students who should have prepared for the end of year examination.
Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu will play against Iawmulong Nartiang at 3 pm tomorrow.
He is ready to help the needy, the poor and the needy in their lives.
“When the land owners have given the land to the Soil Department for the implementation of this project, the Government has called a tender worth billions of rupees and the small contractors cannot do it. benefit from this scheme and this prevents small contractors from the rural areas.
However, it was learned that although the shops have been closed in many places in the city, the sale of illegal drugs has increased in many places and this will destroy the government as it does not receive revenue anymore.
A person who is suffering from a serious illness cannot do anything even if he has the spirit to work and work.
During the inspection, the President of the union, Samla RN George Wartde, said that earlier, the union had met with the Engineer of PWD Mawkyrwat Division to express its concern to the people. The area has complained from time to time to the union, and during these meetings the union has given them up to six months to show their work but even after the end of that month the department has not done so. The demands of the union to rebuild the retaining wall were not believed.
Thank you very much! This is the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organization (COMSO).
Lakhon scored his second goal in the 67th minute.
FKJGP Leader Bah Elton Warjri said that the FKJGP demands that the government should provide land to these market dwellers before it demolishes.
The Leader of the Opposition in KHADC, Bah PN Syiem said that in Assam, the land falls under the jurisdiction of the government while in Meghalaya, the land falls under the jurisdiction of the government. The land is owned by the people and the Hima.
These are the times of the 1,290 days, until the Angel announces, “It is finished”.
He said that the incidents in the Middle Eastern regions these days are not usual but the war is not usual.
The Minister also praised the initiatives taken by the government to open up the opportunity for the youth to take the recruitment examinations in the indigenous languages.
Shillong, March 22: Shillong Police have arrested 30 persons for drinking alcohol around the city yesterday and Friday evening.
During the inspection, 29 song of T.500 worth of counterfeit T.500 were seized from the vehicle.
Speakers included Parajan Suchiang, Dr Running L. Suchiang, Smt Ruby Suchiang and other Kur leaders.
As usual, when the authorities come to the market, the market dwellers are encouraged because they can tell them about the problems they face in the market, one is the overcrowding and the other is the overcrowding. There is a lot of garbage in the market which includes the construction of residential areas inside the market.
Before the speeches, short speeches were also delivered by several dignitaries including MM Thaiang, Philip Talang, Hamboi Sumer and others.
Jowai: Rev. Kleophas, a resident of Bishop's House, Lumbihsyntu (Soomer) Mihmyntdu, passed away today at 8 pm at Nazareth Hospital Shillong.
So God revealed to Daniel the king's dream in a night vision.
However, although there are some Sengbhalang who have disappeared, I would like to extend my special congratulations to all those Sengbhalang who stood up against the Public Hearing.
“Let me continue, I feel like you have another fourth reason why you want me to come to your house...” said the Rangbah Shnong and laughed. “He he he, he he he...” Maheh laughed again. “The fourth thing is that I want my house and your house to have a close relationship...” He replied. u Maheh “That's right... If you and I have become friends, why not?
He said that if these snengbhalang find that there is illegal trade and that there are people running shops or businesses without getting a trading license from the district council, they should inform them first. The department will take action to send enforcement personnel to check the documents of any shop.
The meeting convened by the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya has decided to conduct a joint inspection with the participation of engineers from PWD and Transports to take into account the cause of traffic jams caused by speed breakers in the city. Jowai.
He said that sericulture is a corporation, such problems arise and what is needed is to resolve these problems.
I'll wait for them to tell me, but I believe wherever they throw their son," said Hiram in his heart. and three.
She said that channels that broadcast programs that affect the minds of children should be banned completely.
This program is funded by the Government of Meghalaya through the Voluntary Action Fund 2016-2017 and is conducted with the aim of providing training and raising awareness to the people that we should value our environment. because they are beautiful places and attract tourists which open up opportunities for us to get jobs and increase our income.
They hid them.
The government has said that they will be settled in Jhalupara but the intended destination is in Them Mawbah.
Sonia Gandhi, listened carefully to the issues raised by these party leaders from the state and the three leaders left the meeting with great hope. “There will be a change in the structure of the state, including a change of leadership in the state government,” said a statement sent by Charles Marngar, spokesperson for the state government. DD Lapang, President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) on Wednesday. .
To talk about money, it is almost impossible for our people to contribute to those organizations except those who have truly understood the heavy responsibility that organizations carry for our lives and deaths. All in all, it cannot be said that not all the political parties stand for the jaidbynriew but there are political parties that are profitable parties or political parties that sell the jaidbynriew.
Those who marry after 15th March 2015 without submitting the application for more than 60 days will be fined 100 tyngka per month and 1000 tyngka per month after more than 120 days.
Aibanlang Lyngdoh from Sutnga village has donated tins of soap and solar lights to poor families in Mooshrot village, Laskein Block, West Jaintia Hills District.
The protest, led by Bah Joel Kyndiah, is part of an online campaign with the hashtag #NoToBarikMall, which aims to raise the issue that the proposal to build a shopping mall at Barik Point is not it is meaningless and completely unfounded.
Rajendra was granted a pension of 500 tyngka per month by the British East India Company (Rajendra Singh's sister had two sons, Mahu Singh and Chitra Nap).
However, it is unclear how the animals did not appear during the screen and it may have been due to equipment failure or lack of visibility of the viewers.
In Pynursla and Sohra Civil Sub Divisions, 33 percent of vehicles will be allowed to travel, while in Mawryngkneng, Mawkynrew, Mawsynram, Sohiong and Mawphlang, 33 percent of vehicles will be allowed to travel. On the first day, the numbers 2,3,4 will run, on the second day, the numbers 5,6,7 will run, on the third day, the vehicles will run 8,9 ,0 and on the fourth day, the cars 1,2,3 will pass.
However, after a while, Nangbah Mulang scored the third goal through Chanhok Siangshai in the 61st minute.
The union also alleged that through the closure of the 40 parking lots, the state government has lost billions of rupees every day, due to the lack of payment of taxes. They demanded that the CAG should investigate any government official involved in the release of taxes which is the money of the people.
Shillong, Iaiong 3: The residents of Myntriang village have complained to the KSU regarding the pollution and the use of toilets by foreigners which has affected all the areas of Myntriang village especially in those areas. The KSU Myntriang Unit has issued an order that from now on, these foreigners should no longer pollute or leave without finding coal and urged them to build their own toilets. They also understood that if they are found guilty, they will be punished, according to a statement sent by the Vice President of the party, C.Lamurong.
June 09: The re-elected MLA of Nongkrem, Bah Ardent M Basaïawmoit on Saturday expressed his confidence that as an MLA he has brought honor to the constituency which sent him to the Assembly to speak. to explain and advocate for the constituency and the state as a whole.
Bernard said that the cemetery is used by the villages of Kongbe Ading and Ranggira and these funds for the same family have been given in the name of a woman.
The 'Krut Lyngkha' which is one of the traditional farming methods of the Karbi people in Ri Bhoi, where these people perform this traditional ritual together with the Nguh ka Dem to pray for the dead. God the Creator before they sow the seed in the fields.
He urged the Muster Roll workers to take advantage of the government's assistance from MHIS and to register themselves with the Meghalaya Building and Other Constructions Welfare Board to receive education assistance for their children, pensions and other benefits.
He said that if this is the case, there may be misuse of funds and if the education department does not provide clarification, they will send a letter to the Ministry of Human Resources Development of the Government of India to demand an investigation. He said that the distribution of M-Tabs is only an election ploy of the Congress government to mislead the youth because it distributes only when the elections are near as happened in 2013 and now in 2017 before the elections. .
The establishment of Minor Schools in Ri Khasi began in the middle of the 19th century and has remained in this position for many years because of the lack of interest from the founders of schools in those countries. I'm not going to go to High School.
The Congress has strongly criticized the Dhar Construction Company (DCC), alleging that almost all the government contracts have been awarded to the company because there are two Ministers who are director of this Company.
All three appeared before the Committee to explain.
Shillong, July 24 : The Cabinet on Tuesday approved the minimum and maximum age for appointment in four Government departments - Civil Defense and Home Guards, Excise, Registration, Taxation and Stamps (ERTS), Forest and Environment and the Home Department (Police) of the State Government.
The KSU has alleged that MeECL is stingy and waits until tragic incidents happen.
Every year on the 3rd of June, it is the day of thanksgiving to the Creator Gods, who have provided from the beginning until eternity in the human being of the covenant with the seven. mei hynñiew pa, the īwbei of the thawlang together with the children of men with thanksgiving and praise to the gods who have created them.
Of these schools, 25 schools have not passed at all, 70 schools have passed less than 10 percent and 7 others have passed 10 percent.
Regarding the shooting of the man, who was sent by the Department of Agriculture, the Sying farmers from the area, held a meeting with the leaders of the Hills Farmers Union, members of the Hills Farmers Union. The KSU and HYC leaders, through this meeting, also took many decisions to demand that he should pay the Sying fee of the farmers.
According to the information, they had scheduled to put into operation the meat processing plant in November after it could not be completed as scheduled earlier.
However, even though she couldn't go, she invited Linda, a classmate from Mawkhar.
There are also other constituencies where the HSPDP has won but the Pastor has been defeated, but these constituencies are where the HSPDP has only MDCs while the MLAs are from the Congress.
The payment of interest for the year 2024-25 will be T.1236 crore and the pension will be T.1865 crore.
We are confident that the collaboration and alliance with Akshay Kumar will help bring us closer to the tractor buyers who want to use them in the fields.
The word Donbok is a word that is composed of two parts. There is one Bok, Bok according to the meaning explained as Ka Nusip (Ka Nusip) and often said to be good for the Bok ka Nusip from ancient times until now they say that word.
The CM has been watching since 2018 and you have seen how Lukha has been accused by the MSPCB and five coal factories of mining coal.
“We have the responsibility to provide the public with accurate information and we have found that it is only in this age of knowledge that through youtube channels and other programs that The KHADC has done it and the people have the right to know,” said Bah Pynïaid.
Therefore, the thoughts of the world are far away. The glory of religion is far away from the world.
“For this proposal, not only those schools under the CSA, but we are allowed only this year to use their own textbooks because next year, in 2025, all schools will be to use textbooks recognized by the MBoSE,” said Sangma.
Shillong: The H Gordon Robert Hospital Shillong today inaugurated the newly renovated phalor with the donation of the Chief Minister Dr DD Lapang.
The day the child spoke these thoughtful words, it affected the mother's mind all day long.
Speaking to the members of the party, Samla Rangbah Lam Bok Starwell Marngar, gave the example of Wickliffe Syiem, who was an Anti-India in front of the people of Thor, but he was a hero. but in his own country and nation and whom all people respect or respect, therefore he can still be considered Anti-Indian by the foreigners, for the sake of the survival of the nation.
“I am also a member of the government but I am sorry to say that we have failed,” he said, adding that some people went to Meghalaya House in Kolkata to submit a petition against the lack of peace and order in the country. Shillong.
He said that the unemployment has caused the youth to become bad and have to do jobs that are not suitable for the society.
“If the BJP which has MLAs here and rules in Delhi, the NPP which is an ally of the BJP, the UDP, HSPDP, PDF and all the parties have played with this issue.
The awards were presented by the Minister of Border Areas, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui in the presence of the elders of the area.
The victims were identified as Esan Singh and Sujit Dutta and their bodies were found in Ichamati and Dalda.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Lakhon said that he will fulfill his duties properly and urged the members to cooperate and urged all the MDCs to suggest any issues that should be improved in the management. dorbar and other council activities.
Assam Riffles Public School, Laitkor 21.
In the second leg, Pasyih Cultural and Sports Club beat Nangbah Mooknor 5-1
Rymbai's Jesly Sungoh scored the first goal in the 90+1 minutes.
“Referring to the allegation that the MDA government is led by Prime Ministers from other states, James Sangma said that this statement is completely inappropriate.
He said that the rally was held as an opportunity to train the people to learn how to manage rainwater so that it can be a source of happiness for the future.
" He said that the period before the adoption had both successes and challenges as Russia and the G7 wanted the inclusion of certain activities.
On the day she left, the patient did not understand anyone and her blood pressure and blood pressure did not work at all on the day she was taken to the hospital.
Aizawl: The Mizoram People's Forum (MPF) has decided to hold elections in Mizoram.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the Ministry of Home Affairs has been directed to conduct a survey for the purpose of setting up police outposts in the border areas including Balakhawa area in Ri-Bhoi.
Oh, this is terrible.
The Supreme Court has appealed to the Supreme Court after the mother of Bah PJ Marbaniang, Kong D Marbaniang, who was shot dead in Patharkhmah, appealed to the Supreme Court. She did not agree and did not accept the report of the SIT that her son had committed suicide.
According to the rules, the JHADC should hold the Dorbar Tlang in the month of November, November, but it is not known why the Chairman has not convened the dorbar even this month.
Hat Lyngkhat, Pynursla C&RD Block, East Khasi Hills District, is the market that used to be the market of the villagers of Lyngkhat village before it was closed down when Meghalaya was hit by the Covid-19 pandemic. .
The cause of the incident has not been known at the time of writing and the truck has not been removed from the road.
“With the computerisation, payments can be made online and this will make it easier and improve the working of the Council,” she said.
LG Nongsiej has resigned as Executive Member while Pangniang has resigned as Chairman of Traditional and Usages.
Today, five cases have been confirmed, including four cases from Guwahati and four cases from Cachar.
Shillong, July 29 : The water level at Umiam Dam has risen to 3192.1 feet due to heavy rains in these days. the water should reach 3220 feet.
He also recalled that Syiem Sibsing, before the Dorbar Hima, did not sign the instrument of accession and for this reason, while he was about to go to church, he was arrested. on the 19th June 1948 he signed the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement.
For the first time, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma on Tuesday responded to the Budget in an unprecedented manner, using the latest technology. technology to engage with the citizens of the State.
Shillong, Naitung 6 : U Bah Sanbor Shullai, Minister of the MDA government today said that he has stood up from his seat to protest against the speech of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh. take action to prevent violence against tribal communities across India.
However, the people of Bapli, because they like to take part in political activities that come only once every five years, go to vote.
Indian Ambassador to the United States Taranjit Singh Sandhu on Monday said the rapid growth in relations between India and the United States is very strong.
The stadium on the 14th of July, 2023 showed signs of torti construction in which the water filled many parts of the stadium just after two hours of heavy rainfall and had to be repaired. suspended one of the matches of the U-20 Fourth Division.
Laitphar reminded that Amlarem village is far from the border and it is illegal for the BSF to search the villagers.
Besides, the farmers said that the Government's assistance of 5,000 tyngka to each member of the Producers Group is a great assistance besides schemes such as assistance from banks, seeds. various agricultural products and many others.
In the past, no one has ever recognized those who have brought honor to the state in this sport. The department has decided to honor all those who have brought glory to the state in the field of sports by awarding prizes.
It was also recalled that the Commission was appointed in 1957-1958 to consider the demand of 23 kurs who demanded to participate in the election of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
The shopkeepers will be limited to 50 Indians and 50 Bangladeshis and those who live beyond these distances will not be allowed to go to the market but if necessary they can apply for permission from the district administration.
However, in the second half, in the 83rd minute, Se-La-Jong FC opened the scoring through Denzil Kharshandi.
Under the 2024-2025 edition, about 10,000 participants from the age of 6 will be tested under the Talent Identification Programme, and about 200 others will attend the EPP. Second camp.
of India and the Government of Meghalaya have selected USTM to conduct and provide training on the Jal Jeevan Mission scheme.
The two tests were held to allow the teachers that if they fail the first test, they will have to compete again in the second test and if they fail the second test, they will lose the test. their work, reported the media.
“On the Nongstoin Rambrai Kyrshai road, the party has raised the question whether it is for the purpose of mining uranium, and the answer we have received is that it is not for the purpose of mining uranium. “This work has been conducted smoothly and the construction is in progress,” he said.
“We will start tomorrow morning to complete all the necessary procedures including the post mortem,” he added.
The player will not be able to play for England until 16th July 2024 and will be warned if he violates the ban which could lead to the the border of complete loss of competition in the next generation.
Referring to the resolution of the MDC elections, it was seen that the Congress party has won the majority of MDCs, but has not been able to hold the power in the District Council. The ARPA, led by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit as CEM and now Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has joined hands under the banner of ARPA.
NJ Hashah, Panel Lawyer of the DLSA, South West Khasi Hills District, said that many of these drug users are in conflict with the law and for other reasons such as lack of access to drugs. and due to the spread of drug abuse, the government has enacted laws to curb the illegal trafficking of drugs.
They don't care much about the needs of the state.
The team will submit its report as soon as possible along with recommendations on how to strengthen security in Parliament,” said a spokesperson of the Korbar Ri Department.
The arrested were identified as Killipson Sangma, Krillbirth Ch.
At the meeting, it was decided to allow those under 50 years of age to carry out the offices of the party and also, for one office per person and one election ticket per family.
Dr. Lyngdoh said that unidentified persons involved in the creation of this false picture and statement have tried to misuse it and this is unacceptable with the intention of This election to the Legislative Assembly.
Many members and employees of the party said that if Bah Damian contests the election, the party will lose and win others.
Shillong: The office of the SDO Amlarem, today announced that the curfew in Dawki, Darrang, Bakur and Lymba villages has been lifted from today, 25th June. 2021.
Gandhi's promise came two days after he considered the proposal to conduct a census and the provision for those included in the OBC group in the law to be given special allocation from the OBC category. women's participation during the discussion on issues related to the Lok Sabha.
However, the activation of that number must also be approved by the second beast.
The Egyptians did not want to understand who was doing these miracles upon them and did not turn to God.
The honorarium for Anganwadis in the past years has been T.6000 percent per month (central Rs.4500 + state Rs.1500), Anganwadi Helpers – T.2750 per month (central Rs.2250 + state Rs.500). ).
I have seen the hard work of the staff inside the hospital during the outbreak of COVID-1
The purpose of the municipal elections in Meghalaya is to get development funds from the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).
After four years of disappearance, the child from Arizona, USA, has reportedly resurfaced after returning to a police station in of a small town in Montana near the Canadian border.
Tirot Singh knew and understood how to fight against these more powerful forces, he had to use his wisdom and understanding in battle.
It was recalled that the shlem has many fields of training such as fitter, plumber, wireman and others, which the youth who wish to choose can get.
“Both the Congress and the BJP are equal in corruption,” said the TUR and CSWO leaders.
The east mountain turns to the west and the west mountain turns to the east. The height of these mountains is 3178 ft high.
After this, the electricity distribution project was suspended due to lack of NOC and land for the construction of the power house and work started in
Speaking at a meeting of the Meghalaya Medical Services Association (MMSA), Rowel said that there is an end to everything.
IEC and job development: In the early years, the Drinking Water & Sanitation Department understood the need to strengthen the capacity of people in the villages as well as those at district and state levels. in relation to various aspects of open defecation survival support and SLWM; to assist Gram Panchayats (GPs) to achieve ODF status.For this purpose, various measures have been taken at various levels including training sessions and provision of needed, teacher training, consultations, and strategic leadership to provide support to states and districts.
The three candidates for the Lok Sabha MP election are HM Shangpliang, former Mawsynram MLA, Ernest Mawrie, BJP Meghalaya President and Mariahom Kharkrang, BJP candidate from North Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Former Chairman of the National People's Party (HNLC) Julius Dorphang, who is now MLA of Mawhati, has praised the government's desire to call for talks with the HNLC. “It is good that the government has shown its willingness to call for talks, this opportunity comes only once in a lifetime,” he said.
Shillong, March 21: The KSU Mawkyr Wat Circle Girls Wing has arrested an elderly man for allegedly raping his 4 year old daughter.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawthadraishan (HYC Mawthadraishan) has said that the backwardness and lack of development works in the rural areas is still severe and there are some villages in Mawthadraishan C&RD Block where the Sordar Shnong or Secretary VEC has not been appointed. Circle.
If the government decides not to take over, most SMCs will not allow it at all.
Shillong: U DP Secretary Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, while speaking at a public meeting organized by the Voice of the People of Hynniewtrep and JACBOM, on Tuesday said that the Lok Sabha elections from the Shillong Parliamentary seat will be held now. the year has been rather different, no more than in 2019.
The Minister said that the rescue team has done their best but they are facing difficulties because of the difficult conditions in the area.
The water supply in Umïam has dropped due to the lack of rainfall and we will have to face more hours without electricity.
Build homestays worth 10 lakh tyngka, 7 lakh tyngka will be provided by the government and 3 lakh tyngka can be borrowed.
Chandigarh: Opposition MLAs from the Punjab Aam Aadmi Party stayed overnight inside the Punjab Legislative Assembly last night as a sign of protest against the government. Captain Amarinder Singh said the reason is because the government has not shown the law that they are drafting, which is for the farmers of the state.
He said the people and the nation want the ILP and the response that they do not want it is unacceptable.
This partnership represents a strategic business step towards meeting the needs of today’s travelers, further strengthening Vi’s commitment to providing the best and most comfortable service from for those who use its services.
The Chairman of the District Vigilance and Price Monitoring Committee, who is also the Deputy Commissioner, Garod LSN Dykes, IAS, on Tuesday issued an order that at any time the price of shops selling low prices and hiding food and beverages within the district.
The princess was born in Paris, France on November 28, 1933 to Prince Xavier and Madeleine de Bourbon.
This important and festive festival of the Pnars who still hold the traditional religion of Niamtre in Jowai has ended today amidst a great deal of joy and happiness.
“We want to know who are those people whom the police have to guard with the siren,” said Reginald Thabah.
Shillong, Lber 20: Out of the 120 JNNURM buses operating around Shillong with low fares, 38 have had to sell kilos or market buses because they cannot repair them. .
“If the government wants to develop them, it should provide 500 or 1000 soh so that they can harvest the soh, not just thohmut thohmat,” said Dr Don.
In the next match, Meghalaya bowlers will struggle to dismiss Nagaland's Zaputou before the batsman can reach 300 runs.
It is different between men, women and children.
The guards of the residence, who are also Khasi, said that the robbers came to rob them with weapons including knives, sticks and guns. The robbers used the Khasi (Sohra) language when talking to each other which also showed that the robbers were not the owners of the village or the neighbours.
Today's match will be between Mawkhar SC who have 2 points and Rangdajied United FC who have 15 points at 4 pm.
The Word (Jesus) was born when the law of Moses was in force at that time.
The public roads and market places have been filled with vendors and have been turned and spread at will until the roads have been blocked by street vendors and illegal traders, Dkhars and Khasi.
Instead of paying their bills, the government has allowed new companies to take over the work and those who have been affected are the state contractors.
Shaista Parveen, the wife of Atiq Ahmed, filed a complaint before the Chief Judicial Magistrate (CJM) on Tuesday. and her two sons, Ahzaan and Abaan, are gone.
West Bengal has 294 constituencies.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: For the first time in the census of democracy in the country, the people will have the right to cast their vote even if they do not want to vote for any candidate. too.
And fire came down from God out of heaven, and devoured them.
It also explains how to identify genuine and counterfeit money and how to send money through UPS, BHIM, USSD and others.
At that time, the income from the government was small, the scheme from the central government was still very low but, with the wisdom that God has given me, I have been able to do many things for the constituency and especially to to contribute to the State as a whole through the discussion in the Legislative Assembly of the State.
The Village Defense Party (VDP) in collaboration with Jowai Police Station has conducted a training on the fight against child marriage, protection of children from violence and abuse or POCSO Act, Cyber ​​Crime, fighting against drugs and other issues that have affected society today.
Mawrie declined to admit that there has been a division within the BJP and said, “Everyone has a desire and we cannot stop it”.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, said that this discovery and history which has been handed down for many generations is very important to be researched as it will be a discovery that will lead to the development of Many scientists have come to investigate the truth of this legend, because these legends if true show that the Sohra Rim place has been flooded or may have been. which was under the sea and rose high from the earthquake, or in other ways as found by scientists in other parts of the world.
Bah Shangpliang said that he has worked hard for the party in many areas and also as a member of the political parties in the state to discuss the State Reservation Policy. a hot topic in the state.
Diengsyiang Village has never received MDC, MLA or MP schemes. From C&RD Block Nongstoin, it has received once the 100 days scheme and PMAY for 11 households.
Donald said that according to the photographs of the people who spread when they came to bomb and tied the members of the party and through talks with the members of the party from these areas, they He said that these people involved used to walk, stand and work as usual.
The Gospels tell of wonderful miracles in a society that discriminated against women.
“Where I live in Hyderabad there are 70% Muslims, but we live together,” he said.
Mizoram also alleged that the railway lines at Hailakandi have been damaged and this has prevented freight trains from entering the state.
Bandarisha Lyndem, Chief Engineer PHE, Antonio Lakiang, Deputy Secretary, Hercules Toi, President Seinraij Jowai, Arwotki were also present as the chief guests. Sumer, General Secretary, Seinraij Jowai, elders, parents and youth of Seinraij Jowai.
“On behalf of the school authorities, we congratulate Hanika Barim who has worked hard and brought this great honor to the school by scoring 549 marks, 91.50% and Distinction in all. subjects and came 15th with 100 marks in Health and Physical Education,” said the Principal of the school.
Ngaihte said that when banks started ATMs, many people did not want to use them but now almost all of them use ATMs.
Jowai, Jymmang 20: The Jowai Municipal Board (JS) has installed four (4) CCTV cameras at Thomas Jones Synod College, Iawmusiang and on the road. Jowai (Main road).
On the same day, the MLA of the area announced that the construction of the Government LP School at Umsalait at a cost of 44 lakh tyngka will soon start.
I have been very stingy but now I have to carry this responsibility.
Similarly, last month, heavy rains caused floods in Hong Kong, in which two people died and many parts of the city were flooded. water after another round of rain on Monday.
The conduct of such examinations, whether CUET or NEET outside the state, has created many problems for the students of the state.
The construction of the new Laitumkhrah Market, Polo Commercial Complex, Smart Road, Integrated Control and Command Centre, and Automatic Car Parking at Motphran is in progress.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 29: The 2019-20 football tournament will continue today at Mawkynjoiñ Laitkseh Stadium, where YBSC Shella and Ryntih SC will play for the first semi final.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 11: Out of all the villages within the border of West Khasi Hills District, there are now 61 villages in West Khasi Hills District under the jurisdiction of two Syiems. the King of the Rambrai Kingdom and the King of the Myrïaw Kingdom.
In the final match between Lajong and Rangdajied, it was a very interesting match for the spectators and the players from both sides played well to score the goal to win the title. you have won.
If you have any information please contact Mawlai Police Station at: 9856184585/9
The HYC Permadan Unit will soon send a letter to the PWD department regarding this issue.
At the same time, the Shnong has also declared Umdalong as a Fish Sanctuary.
Kim, the founder of SKIMS, will attend the MET Gala on 1st January and besides her, other members of the Karda Shian family will also attend. They also include Kris Jenner, Ken Dall and Kylie Jenner.
She also benefited from various programs provided by the PRIME Program in the state, she received information on the problems of farmers and their work.
In another raid, BSF troops seized 17,000 kilos of sugarcane from different border areas of the state.
Keneddy Khyriem, MLA was the chief guest and launched the Mawphlang 2017 Calendar. Lamphrang Blah MDC and former MLA Pynshai Manik Syiem were also present.
However, Ukraine has also declared a major victory even in the southern parts of the city of Bakhmut near Klishchiivka.
This happened due to the increasing pain in his leg which he suffered while fighting against a man who tried to steal his car.
Nongstoiñ, November 18: As the month of November arrives, all Christians around the world are filled with joy and excitement because at such times it is the time of preparation to receive the incarnation of the Lord Jesus. This world and when you look around the places you hear the sounds of Christmas songs whether in the markets, in the cars and houses of people and so on.
He also spoke about steps to integrate vocational training with education and working patterns to make education more attractive.
Similarly, we call a young man who is married Rangbah.
He spoke to the group present and expressed his admiration for the Jaiñ Ryndia which is in line with the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) for working for the environment, empowerment of women and they are the ones who earn money.
Therefore it is for every believer to truly believe in the Word of God, and to walk in that faith, lest we perish.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that Shillong is fortunate to participate in the international conference on issues such as technology and policies in the field of space. ), and added that the G20 summit in Shillong is at a time when countries around the world are investing more in space technology.
He said that the reason for the name “Victory” is that in the course of worship and praise, there is a deliverance of God to people to experience victory. There is a great struggle, a struggle that many people fight, a struggle for money, but so many of them walk back with the God of thanksgiving and praise and especially this song. “It's a spiritual challenge, no matter what the battles, but the victory we will get,” added the pastor.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: Unidentified robbers have broken into a Babua Tea Stall in Bishnupur Market, Shillong and burnt down the owner of the shop. they have already been filled with petrol.
Pala said that in the last four years, Meghalaya has received T.435.30 crore as assistance for transportation and T.220.79 crore from NEIIP. The North East received T.1251.96 crore from 2011 to 2014 while Meghalaya alone received T.656.09 crore.
She also said that she is very against the “ksuid” comment and to just comment against it is not good, said Latyngshaiñ.
“On the 25th of June, a meeting of the State Executive Committee was held and some of the officials suggested to leave the MDA government and the leaders in the state. We have also said that we should send it to the BJP leadership and the decision to withdraw or remain will be their decision”.
"Jesus had foretold that his body would not be buried by his daily followers and family.
All the family members of the deceased are requested to immediately collect the body from the morgue of the hospital within three days or according to the stipulated time. The General Notice has been issued, in which if there is no applicant, the body will be handed over to the Shillong Municipal Board to complete all the works.
In addition to 50 households who have been appointed by the Society, 100 households who have not been on the list have been asked to submit a check to receive the check. seven pages tin either.
However, it has not been implemented since then.
When asked whether they have met with the government to force them to complete the coal mining plan, Sony said they have met with the government nine or five times to discuss. but he said that the answer he received from them was clean and full of water.
He said about 8,500 mountain troops and paramedics have been deployed in the area.
When it flows, it allows many kinds of fish to migrate from Bangladesh to Ri-Lum Khasi and in this way the fish in the Umngot River do not starve if they are told to eat. or to die.
Nongpoh, July 17: Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaïawmoit, who is also the President of the VPP, has slammed the government for the appointment of Chairman, Co-Chairman and Vice-Chairman. The meeting was held at Umsning, which is a waste of government money and has no benefit to the state.
She said that at 1:00 pm, her children were ready to go to the sun, and they lit a fire by lighting a fire in the prew, but at that time they made a mistake and because of the The fire broke out in their house, and at that time her children also fled outside.
Sadon said that the bill which has to be passed only by the state government has been clearly stated in the House of Parliament, where Shillong MP Ma Vincent Pala has raised the issue. the House and that the House has handed over the matter to the State Government.
“This condition of the road has angered the Seng Samla Shnong Umkiang and even the parents of the school children until their children have to miss even to go to school,” said the statement. The meeting was attended by the President of the Umkiang Youth Association.
“The Prime Minister, after meeting with me, has promised to allocate T.50 lakh from the Tourism Department of the state to beautify this 3acre site.
“We have reached this stage through the good deeds of the missionaries to our father, we congratulate the missionaries for their good deeds to our family,” said Conrad. He also recalled that Purno was raised by the priests since he was a child.
On the other hand, the TTDA strongly opposes the election campaign of Ma Vincent H Pala in East Jaintia Hills because we don't want a leader like him in this election to elect a new leader to the House. The Legislative Assembly of India, which as the people of the 1st Shillong Parliamentary Constituency shall be elected on 9th June
Although the color of the taw is on the biria ka danda, they also contain warnings and good news for the people.
In July 2013, when India beat England in the final of the Champions Trophy in England, Dhoni became the first Indian captain to win in all three formats of the ICC (World Cup). Cup, Champions Trophy and World Twenty20).
The Meghalaya Police Football Team has come to take part in the North East and East Zone State Police Invitation Football Tournament which was held recently in Gangtok, Sikkim.
Shillong: Pasum beat Roko Amjajer 3-1 in the opening match of the 19th Riwar Cup Invitation Football Tournament at Bakur Dawki Stadium today.
The Deputy Commissioner of the District said in a statement that the District authorities have already arrested six persons who are the owners of these factories who have registered a case at the Shallang Police Station. PS Case No.39(12)2022U/S188/34/379/120BIPC R/w Sec 15 Environment (Protection)Act, Sec 3 of the Explosive Substances Act and Sec 51(1), Benami Transaction (Prohibition) Act, 2016 .
Jowai, July 24: The smuggling of coal from Jaintia Hills to Assam has continued even after the NGT has suspended the smuggling of coal.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah PS Dkhar, on Tuesday said that he will start an investigation into the allegation of ration corruption in Sohiong next month. the High Court.
Kpu shana budam   17.000                          13.000                    20.000              20.0005 .
However, on the 3rd July 2019, at the Dorbar Shnong with the participation of all the households led by Bah Jonathan M.Nongkrot, Rangbah Shnong of Pynter, which filled them with joy, They welcomed into their homes these 25 households who have been fighters for 26 years.
This Block and District Level Under-12 Football Tournament 2023 will be for the boys and girls of Ranikor and Mawkyrwat Block.
Foreign tourists and entertainment venues will not be allowed and sports venues will remain closed.
The President of the NPP said that the wind of change has blown across the state and all the people are now turning to the NPP. clean service and satisfactory service to the people of the state.
Shillong: U I Love you and three others have been killed in a bomb blast in Shangpung village today.
It is to be recalled that the state which sent both the men's and women's teams to the tournament which opened yesterday in Ludhiana (Punjab) will end on 10th November. organization of the Basketball Federation of India.
The rape of a Dalit girl and the burial of her body without the consent of the owners of the house has caused a stir, sparking protests and protests across the country. India.
“I will announce that from the next academic session, I will ensure that the traditional weavers from the North East will help us to train the students of NIFT across the country where they will be paid and respected as they deserve. “I said this while opening the Investors' Summit for the North East in Shillong today.
“I am very pleased that we have now opened this and the most exciting thing is that in the next few days, the President of our country, Droupadi Murmu, will come and stay at this Governor's Residence.
Instead of fighting the COVID -19 pandemic in a clear way, look! but thou shalt not be able to do anything wrong.
And the best thing, say these scholars, is that when you give to someone with kindness, you should never expect them to pay back.
We aim for Meghalaya to reach the 10th position in the country in the next 10 years”.
The Minister said that the state government will also take appropriate measures to provide assistance to the refugees who have been victims of these crimes.
In Jesus' day, Jerusalem was filled with hypocrites in the form of scribes and Pharisees who taught the people what they themselves did not do.
The Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASToM) on Thursday decided to continue its indefinite strike by suspending classes in schools. to prepare the examination answers of the students contesting the SSLC and HSSLC examinations and not to participate in any activities assigned by the Government.
Dr David D Tariang was appointed as Medical Superintendent on 21st June, 2006 while KT Rynjah was appointed as Administrative Officer on 30th June,
She said that the MCTA has demanded that the VC of NEHU should withdraw the announcement on 12th November to end the long standing dispute over the implementation of the NEP. The MCTA leader said that the teachers of 22 colleges under the banner of the MCTA have stopped taking classes in the first semester under the NEP and have not taken any assignment as preparation. The questions for the first semester chapters under the new education policy.
The midfielder made his debut for the Islanders by scoring a goal in a 3-1 victory over Jamshedpur FC in the Club Playoffs, and helped Mumbai City FC reach the group stage. of the 2023-24 AFC Champions League.
In the meeting of the union with the Commissioner Finance at the Secretariat on 17th November 2021 to seek his opinion on the demands of the union, but the answer he gave was very unsatisfactory. Nongpoh: The Meghalaya government will become bankrupt if it approves all the proposals that come to its desk. The Meghalaya government will become bankrupt. The body of a young man from Majuli Assam, who lives in Guwahati and works for a company involved in money laundering, was found by the Byrnihat Police at Pahamlang 17 mer. within the city.
The incident was discovered at about 11:30 pm when the members of the Seng arrived at the office for their needs. the bridge that has been in Tiehsaw for a long time.
In addition, 5969 fish ponds are planned to be built in the coming years.
Bajop said those villages who have expressed their refusal to come to Meghalaya are Rabha and Hindu and are more comfortable in Assam.
Vincent H Pala has requested the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi to take action in this regard and to do something to free the states from this border dispute.
Macdlyne S Mawlong, MDC from Umsning constituency and EM of KHADC, has strongly condemned the posting of defamatory news on Facebook by one of the Facebook users. , in the past few days, and on this occasion, the leader has lodged a complaint against those involved in spreading it.
This Division Bench should be constituted immediately when necessary, so that the courts will not be delayed.
“Dear Mei Meghalaya, why do you despise the NPP, which is your flesh and blood?
She said that as usual every year, the village has been invited to celebrate Christmas and New Year with joy and this announcement came from the order of the Dorbar Shnong.
“In such cases, the Government should conduct a thorough investigation so that the victims can get a fair trial,” said the MPHRC. Special Remembrance of the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew by the Police on 13th July
“It is like a war in which it has caused the loss of lives but the Prime Minister cannot even issue a word of apology or say 'apology',” he said.
Explaining the problems of recruitment in Government departments, the Minister said, “We have separated the recruitment process by setting up the Board for Education and Health, which has made it easier to work.
In the final, Madan Yen Syiem Syiem FC beat Marbisu Pdeng Shnong Sports Club 1-0
Sadly, the Israelites were not like that, they could not be a kingdom of priests because they had broken the law of God.
Speaking after a meeting of the party's Manifesto Committee in Shillong, Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said the party has set a deadline for the people to give their views to the party before this month.
JOWAI: The State Government today issued an order to dismiss the DC of West Jaintia Hills District and East Khasi Hills District.
We need strong vigilance committees from the village to the state.
Police from Jhalupara Out Post and the State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) together with relatives arrived at the scene when the body of Bah Kynsailin was recovered.
This is terrible and how many Garo will remain without land and shyiap.
At that meeting, about 60-70 people from Jarain came to accept that the market belongs to the Dorbar Shnong Jarain.
Purno said he did not want to comment because the protest is the right of the people in a democratic country. Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma or other Congress leaders Purno did not say much but said, “It used to be like that”.
There are villages in the border areas in fact many commercial and development activities should take place but due to the poor condition of the road in the area prevents development activities from reaching them.
These Kurs were the first villagers in the Raid Nongtung, which now falls under Block-II. In the year 1802, the Masynting, Sten, Mujai, Pariat and Muktieh Kurs came to settle. These kurs have suit la shor the village of Ummat.
After this date, no one will be allowed to clean or build the graves.
In a statement, VS Rathore said that police on Tuesday arrested Bernard N Marak from Uttar Pradesh and police teams are bringing him back. sha Tura.
Other speakers on the occasion included Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat, Womlin Pakyntein, one of the elders of Lomiongkjam Village, J.Synnah, District Social Officer West Jaintia Hills and others. you are welcome.
Speeches and explanations from religious leaders from traditional to Christian religions on the issue of having a well-equipped family to avoid many kinds of problems is a topic that needs to be followed closely.
The outskirts of Shillong, such as the Umkhrah River, one of the most famous rivers in the past, has now become one of the public garbage dumps and all the garbage has been dumped into it.
Yoonus Shah of UP of Mahatma Jyotiba Phule Rohilkhand University (MJPRU) has set a new record by winning the Men's 1500m on the first day of the tournament. In the competition, he finished in 3.51.61.
Shillong, Nailar 24: In connection with the incident which happened at Laitumkhrah Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Laitumkhrah yesterday, Shillong Police have clarified that it was not an attempted kidnapping, but a misunderstanding. .
Speaking on the issue of poverty, the Officer urged these women to work hard so that their income will increase with the passing of the days.
The arrest of these foreigners was after the difference in their arrival; There are 2 buses with the number plates AS-01 GC 7338 and AS-01 KC
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, said that the Bill will be better and will help to curb the illegal entry of mynder and foreigners into the state rather than implementing the ILP. as required by the unions.
On the above reasons and in protest against the stinginess and deception of us the village leaders and the people of the area by the Health Department, the Dorbar Shnongs, have decided that on the 19th of July 2020 from 10:00 AM to 2:00 PM there will be a sit-in-protest inside the grounds of PHC Mawryngkneng by the Sordars of 6 Dorbar Shnongs and other programmes. will be announced on that day until the demands are met.
Shillong: Twelve places on the border of Meghalaya and Assam have been removed from the new map of Meghalaya for 11 years.
In this regard, the party led by its President Marshal Biam has met with the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri on the 11th of this month at its working office. for requesting her to transfer these two Police officers.
The lack of responsibility of the state government has affected the peace and order in Ri-Bhoi District which will celebrate its Silver Jubilee this year and also in the state as a whole.
In recent years, with the increase of about 8 lakh Khasi-Pnar, tens of thousands have migrated to farm and trade across the eastern regions – Assam, Tripura and some in Bangladesh.
The meeting was attended by the leaders of Mylliem Hima, officers of KHADC. Paul said that it was decided to hold a public campaign by the Council, the government and the Hima.
Matthew 2:1.
This is only for salaries but how can we get money for other expenses which are huge.
These people were welcomed by Dr. DD Lapang, in the presence of senior Congress leaders including Bah Mayralborn Syiem, President of NBCC, Bah Opel. UBCC Secretary GG Marwein, UBCC Secretary Rangkynsai Makdoh, Minsin Makri, Congress leaders and supporters of the Congress Party.
The purpose of the MSOA to hold this tournament is as part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the Independence of the North Eastern States.
About two hours later, Mawlai PS police came to arrest the foreigner and registered a case against him.
“The goal of protecting and preserving our environment goes hand in hand with the efforts of all private sector to bring about change.
“There are no demands for my removal as President,” said Bah Mawrie.
“School children should not allow alcoholism to take root in them, avoid alcoholic beverages which can affect their health and mental strength, avoid child marriage which can affect the end of They should avoid spending too much time with the internet through their mobile phones,” said Bah Staising. their own parts.
He also recalled the contribution made by the missionaries and the Church throughout the state for the service of the people in the field of health and education so that the responsibility of the State Government.
The Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma this month announced that the state government has taken a step to plant up to 1 crore tree seedlings by 2nd April, – which is also the day when the whole of India celebrates Gandhi Jayanti.
Elad Pohshna praised the unity of the residents in many activities.
They were informed that the VAB has been sent to the Ministry of Law and Justice and promised that their demand would be implemented.
At the same time, he urged the people to cooperate with the protest of the Sengbhalang in order to achieve the demand to prevent the infiltration of foreigners.
Accept everything and judge again after looking at everything.
The Opposition since the beginning of the Lyuir Dorbar has been stirring in both the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha to demand an inquiry into the incident in Manipur, which has shaken India. world.
The Social Audit Act is now in place and it should not be kept under wraps, but should be implemented.
The HNLC said it does not want a state within India, but a separate existence.
On the 10th of July, the AAI informed that the Court will conduct an inspection at Umroi Airport to find out whether the land is suitable for landing aircraft larger than the ATR and Bombers at Umroi Airport.
BJP MP Pragya Singh Thakur, who was accused of involvement in the Malegaon bomb blast in 2008, is now in poor health and doctors have advised that she needs it. The National Investigation Agency (NIA) said in a report sent to the Special Court on Tuesday.
She also urged other political parties to submit their views and promised that the government will take all the views of all before taking a decision on how to proceed with the Roster System.
We often hear these words that if we can't start at home, it's too late to start outside.
It is the only thing that unites us as Indians even though we have different customs and traditions from other ethnic groups.
Link Laloo 2.
Rawon fishermen from different parts of the country have participated in the competition, which was organized by the RBTEDF leaders as part of the to educate the public on the value of the species living in the river and also to educate the public to take care of them.
On this occasion, blankets were also distributed to 55 poor families in Nongpoh area who received Christmas gifts from the family of Kong Marian Maring and Paralat Toor.
The match will be broadcast live on Ten Action channel.
Regarding the Chief Minister Special Grant, 10,287 people have registered, 6878 have been verified and the money has been received. 5,087 people have been sent through their bank accounts.
It is recalled that RR Conley also allowed Khar Bangladeshis to stay because of the UDP during the tenure of GG Swel.
The parties have struggled to find their own candidate from each constituency.
“It is worth mentioning that the same secret branch of the HNLC has been involved in raising the flag of the party through the orders of leaders inside Bangladesh in the past years,” he said.
Shillong: The BSF today seized 118 cows worth T.17 lakh from Muktapur, West Jaintia Hills. They were collected in a forest for smuggling to Bangladesh.
After meeting with the BDO, the union agreed to send a letter to the village that the distribution of money will go through the personal bank account of the 100 day employee. investigation into the distribution of wages to women.
In Nongstoin, the contest will be between LG Nongsiej and Congress.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: Unidentified robbers have robbed an ATM machine in Madanrting on Tuesday morning.
In 2012, the Minister of Electricity, M Veerappa Moily laid the foundation stone of the 85 MW Mawphu Hydel Power Project and the residence of NEEPCO employees. the project has been allocated Rs 453.81 crore and is targeted to be completed within four and a half years from the commencement of work.
On this occasion, the chief guest also laid a wreath at the statue of Kiang Nangbah and hoisted the flag of the Kiang Nangbah Iasiat Khnam Memorial Society.
Jha alleged that the Governor has refused to cooperate with the University in the past three years, even when he was invited to open the new building of the University.
Hundreds of young men and women have taken part in the festival which started on the 6th of March and yesterday on the 7th of November. the annual Nongkrem Festival.
In the March Past category, Maharam Government Higher Secondary School won the title of Best March Past.
The book was edited by Dr. CR Lyngdoh, Babu AW Rani and Babu KL Buam who are teachers at the College.
He urged that there should be a school in this area to provide education to the children and there should be a Khasi subject.
He said that he will talk to the authorities in charge of PWD Roads.
The danger that can pose to the nation is because of the ring sdot of the Ktien Tynrai which has been suit and shor and developed by our ancestors.
Madurai: In the run-up to the Tamil Nadu Assembly elections, candidates have their own proposals to the voters, but one candidate has proposals that are different. different from the others.
Sources said that if the talks to form the PDF succeed, Paidang will contest from the PDF but if Pynshngaiñ N Syiem does not form the PDF, Paidang will not form the PDF. Shillong, Nailar 29: U Bah Sajay Laloo, today appealed to the Supreme Court against the order of former Chief Justice Uma Nath Singh, who retired in July and TNK Singh, who retired on 1st June 2016, in which they directed the State Government to provide adequate protection to them, in the Z category, even when it is their retirement period. .
Therefore, in all these towns, there are many Dorbar Shnongs in one town.
Other injured were Deepak Kumar Chaudary, 16, of Bara Pathar, Raven Shah, 18, of Bara Pathar. Anand Shah, 18, Ajay, 39, Askar Ali, 26, Rikash Das, 60, Satya Modok, 26, Pradeep Bora, 26, Shubham Nath,
To produce 1 kilo of rice requires about 3500 liters of water, 1 kilo of meat requires about 15000 liters of water and 140 liters of water for 1 kilo of coffee.
Speaking at the meeting, the District TB Officer, Ri Bhoi District, Dr.E.Kalwing said that TB is curable and preventable.
The NPP has not turned away from its MDA allies because we all demand the same”.
Sukhbir Singh Jaunapuria expressed his feelings last July during the celebration of International Yoga Day.
When the thanksgiving was offered, the khaw-eh, khawshan and khawkhein were also distributed to take the rneng to the household to eat two symbols and to pour out the gold and silver water. drink to strengthen your soul and receive a full blessing from the Lord God.
Reverend Vijayesh Lal, General Secretary, Evangelical Fellowship of India, in a statement, said that the RSS leader Mohan Bhagwat's investigation into the murder by linking it to the incidents in the country. Bible, they are not to be counted stingy, but to be strongly condemned.
The KHADC receives funds from the Central Government through the 15th Finance Commission and also through Article 275 of the Constitution to carry out various development works in the villages through the MDCs. I am confident that with the technology of today, we will be able to meet the requirements of the projects quickly.
In fact, the KHADC had scheduled a hearing for the Syiem of Nongspung Hima yesterday, but he sent a lawyer to ask for time as he could not provide the figures.
About 70 people attended the meeting, but 11 others were killed in the incident.
On the other hand, Chetia said that if one group comes together to the peace talks table, it will be good for the people and the state of Assam.
At the same time, the Meghalaya Government Nursing Service Association (MGNSA) has called for a strike by government nurses under the banner.
In the past few days, some of the longkmie and rangbah from the villages in Muliang area while talking to this reporter said that in Muliang area drugs have started to enter since 2021 in some villages. Nonglang and other nearby villages but these days he has reached Langpih and other villages on the border with Assam.
And Louvis Dkhar 12.
Shillong, Nailar 01 : The Voice of the People Party on Tuesday demanded that the state government should immediately release the funds for the implementation of the MGNREGA scheme in the state.
Mobile Service: We operate 2 ambulances to provide assistance to the sick especially in C&RD Block in East Khasi Hills like Shella Bholaganj, Laitkroh 12-Village Block and Pynursla Block.
The WHO's International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) has included formaldehyde as one of the causes of cancer in the human body. There is evidence that it is the cause of cancer.
He also expressed his gratitude to Rupang for the scheme to help the poor and said that there are many people who want to help, but there are few who work to earn a living and hand over the funds. time, because although they cannot give much, the time they give is precious.
“Everyone has said that they will hold the National Games, even the Meghalaya Games cannot be conducted properly, how can they be relied upon to hold the National Games.
He said that during the five working days, five days will be allowed to discuss issues related to the government and three days issues related to the MLAs themselves.
The Center was established through an agreement between various groups on 15th March 2016, with the aim of improving the activities of the Center to assist the States of North East India. ) and to agencies that prepare plans and effectively implement policies and promote innovative experiences within the region.
He said that a meeting will be held soon with the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma to discuss the issue of increasing the salaries of SSA teachers. The Government will fully appoint SSA teachers as Government school teachers.
Lambor in his speech said that it is unacceptable that Assam has disrespected the talks between the two Prime Ministers and the Central Government and the Syiem of Jirang has lodged a complaint with the DC Ri Bhoi. District.
We have to leave it to the wisdom and understanding of those members of the Expert Committee who will be appointed to discuss these issues.
The contractors are more numerous than the government employees, especially those who go to mine coal, because the least employed can earn not less than 10,500 tyngka per day, but the strongest can earn more than 10,500 tyngka per day. earn up to five thousand dollars a day.
Speaking on the issue of corruption, the TMC leader said, “Corruption can destroy the state and affect future generations.
The last words they spoke were, “We deserve to die because we have done bad things”.
It is appropriate to write down to remember those who love us, who have done us a lot of good, such as Father Elias Tome, Father Joseph Arminana and Most Rev. Archbishop Hubert D' Rossario. Felix Matta sdb, who passed away on the 17th July 1963, at the conversion of the Bur (Kwan said ki Pnar) in the Wah Myntang on his return from a visit to the Christians from Thangrain to Iing Parish. (Raliang Parish) which is now known as Mookyndeng Parish.
KHUDA leader Bah Pynshngain N Syiem said they have decided not to nominate because they have not received the majority.
In 2010, the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod Sepngi (a group of Presbyterian Churches with more than 200,000 members) decided to celebrate the first Lord's Day of July as “Environment Sunday”. ".
“Through the MLA Scheme I have been able to look after the roads, to provide adequate drainage, drinking water in these years I have spent a lot,” she said.
The Maruti Private (ML05G0373) was set on fire during the night curfew.
The asteroid will return to Earth on 24th November
The wealth has now become the Lord of the universe.
Not only that, the Minister of State for Water Affairs, Ram Kripal Yadav, visited the Mawphlang Dam and met with the villagers and inquired about the situation. They sat down with a woman in Nonglum village, Mawphlang to ask about the condition of the toilet which was built with the funds of the central government.
Just as God the Creator has given us our own faces, and our own voices, so He has given us all our own different abilities.
The program began with a speech by Bornali Nongrum, State Nikshya Operator on the occasion of the World Health Day.
The news, published on Rupang.com, entitled “State Bank of India offers various job opportunities”, was the most read article by readers this month.
Forget all this, now the government should open a broader mind.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Kitborlang Rymbai, one of the supporters of Bah Nehlang Lyngdoh, said that East Jaintia Hills District is rich in mineral resources such as coal, ore. Nehlang and others did not sit idly by but followed up on the coal industry and said that now the coal industry has hope that people will be able to work again as before. Kitborlang urged the people that if they get the opportunity to mine coal, they should not be selfish, they should not waste their money but they should be wise. “There are about 10,000 unemployed youth who have registered with the Employment Exchange who have not yet found jobs,” he said. “Why are we unemployed, this shows that there are people in the Secretariat who don't see far, who don't think about the people who think only for themselves. years of salary to the students, how much more if he is given the opportunity to help 10,000 unemployed people in the district”.
They steal long but you have to bear the sins of all of you (the people).
All this happened because we the people have been patient and silent when we see the corruption that has brought this state to the brink.
The cost of the incident was estimated at T.4,73,200 tyngka. No one was injured in the incident.
He said that other parties may claim that they have already won, but now vote and you will win, when the election is over we will win, that is the same in Sohiong.
“Me! You too, like a child, say the same thing,” said the mother.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Mawshynrut MLA Witting Mawsor said that about 20 to 30 households have been affected in one village. The total number of households affected is about 800 to 900 households.
This complaint of the Seng is after the name of the people, because they suffer too much especially in the evening when they have to shet ja or shet jingshet.
Why doesn't God forgive those who blaspheme or blaspheme the Holy Spirit? The reason is that the Holy Spirit is the final call to the people of the world to turn from their evil ways.
Prizes were awarded to the winners of various competitions.
Shillong, November 15: Hari Sarkar, General Secretary of the KSU, said in a statement, “We pray that God will bless and be with us all,” said Bah Auguster Jyrwa, General Secretary of the KSU. He has lodged a complaint with the ADM Court in Mawkyrwat against the Officer In-Charge (OC) of Borsora Police Outpost on charges of robbery and corruption.
“They have lost sleep because they only want to open unfinished projects in the state,” said Dr Mukul.
Furthermore, besides many speeches on the meaning of Christmas and New Year, Bah Maral Born Syiem also gave a Christmas message by saying “May this Christmas be a special celebration for those who are in the midst of suffering.
Regarding the hard work and dedication of the health workers around the world, the Prime Minister urged them to continue in the same way.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 31: While the CEO of MEPDCL, Bah O.Riang, has been explaining about the shortage of electricity in Athiabari area, he has been explaining the problems faced by the department. The Public Undertaking Committee of the Public Undertaking Committee appointed by the Assembly of the State Government on Tuesday. This week at the Dorbar Hall of Athiabari.
To avoid wasting time, I would like to talk about the MLA Election 2023 here in Meghalaya and how the people have to think carefully to bring about something good especially in development.
Shillong: Satin Credit Care Micro Finance is a bank that provides small loans to poor women who do not have the opportunity to take loans from large banks. it has taken the initiative to find and assist poor and needy schools.
The fire destroys the food of man, and destroys him.
This has led to heavy traffic in these areas.
God has spoken to me.
There is no phone, no signal and I expect that I and others who are here will get urgent assistance”.
We are still waiting for a statement from the HNLC as the top leaders did not attend the recent meeting.
Therefore, the kriah and jaiñ areas should be covered with siej or rusom.
The meeting was held to unveil the statues of BR Ambedkar and Kempegowda.
When asked, the Lyngdoh said that the people will forget the difficult times they have faced during the completion of this project.
There were 15 students who passed the SSLC and HSSLC examinations, 5 students who completed Graduation and Post Graduate and one student who received PHD who received awards from the Sport Club.
On the 16th, they will leave for Nongkhlaw, the birthplace of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem, to lay flowers and meet their relatives.
There is no need to teach the bad things, but the good things need to be strengthened.
Even the drivers don't know exactly the price of the vehicle that they should charge. Passenger.
Shillong: The Synrai Session of the State Legislative Assembly will start from 5th November
The places are not suitable for small children.
It is very sad to hear the problems faced by the people and also the school children of Ranikor Sub Division due to the lack of working of the jio network in the village. Ngunraw South West Khasi.
Prof. Henry Lamin, who is also the Pro-VC, said that the teachers have their own issues and the students have their own issues. even if it is based on the needs of students or teachers.
Shillong: The Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly today visited the flood affected areas and roads damaged by the rain in Mairang and Nongstoiñ constituencies.
The report said that in the incident, there was also a stone throwing at vehicles, including police vehicles and several people were injured. Police of Shallang, but at that time there was a stone throwing in the area and the police did not hesitate to flee the area and in the flight and speed. The vehicle of the police vehicle collided with another truck which was parked on the side of the road near Shallang Police Station.
In the Shillong 10K Run, Kmoin Wahlang finished in 57 minutes 16 seconds, beating Melina Nonglang (1:02:40) and Trisina Wanniang (1:05). :24) who is 55 years old.
The High Court said the Supreme Court had ordered to ban coal mining in 2016, “but illegal coal mining in the state continues to this day and the government has allowed it to go freely. The High Court said that the trucks carrying coal have been transported to Bangladesh under the pretext that it is coal imported from other states.
Jowai, Naiwieng 13: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 was held by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai today at Nangbah Stadium. , Northeast Jowai.
You take the soul of man.
“It is the way we express to the party when we don't agree,” said Bah Ronie.
She also expressed her surprise at the treatment they gave to their daughter, without knowing the exact cause.
“The party has to look into what kind of agreement with the BJP before the elections in the state,” he said.
Those who do so are illegal because there is no law that says that groups not recognized by the Constitution cannot collect taxes.
In South Garo Hills, there are 10 cases including 8 high risk contacts and 2 health workers.
The call for participation for groups, organizations will start soon.
But Jesus not only saw or heard, but Jesus participated and fought with the people until death on Mount Calvary in order to give people rights and freedom.
She said that the development in the region needs to be accelerated and the share of funding will be 90 percent for the central government schemes and 10 percent for the state governments.
When no one won, the management played extra time and Kharpran scored the first goal for Sohryngkham in the 88th minute to win the title of the season.
The state government has recently decided to build a helicopter landing strip at Sohra and other places in order to improve the number of tourists and especially to facilitate the travel of tourists. come of them.
When asked by Rupang whether the announcement may have been issued only after the Hynniewtrep Youth Council from Ri-War Shella Circle visited the area, Wahlang said, “Ho, oid. ".
In Tamil Nadu, 40,698 cases have been reported, making it the second highest number of cases in India.
The authorities of various schools and parents have talked and promoted only education and knowledge, but morality and other virtues have not been respected, but the lack of the moral side is a great deficiency in knowledge.
On the other hand, the Minister of Water Resources has launched an inspection in Dangar Dop and Lalpani villages in East Khasi Hills District.
She said that the man was dressed in a woman's dress and covered with a white tupia and she did not recognize him.
For more information, please contact Mr. S.Warjri, MCS, EAC, Nongstoin at
The Executive Committee of Bakur Village, after receiving reports that the Headman/Waheh Shnong, Secretary and the Executive Committee of Bakur Village have been suspended by a group led by Lop Stevenson Khonglah, They were accused of injuring a woman in Bakur.
Imagine when such a thought entered the mind! Not only that, but it has already entered the Nahlung Blood from the Mother's Womb because the Mothers and Fathers also have the same Fear of Thlen! Here we will explain why we should fear and protect ourselves from those Riewthrangsnam whom we cannot say that they really exist all over the world.
It can be said that traffic in Shillong has failed, and it has become as it used to be, when it has been slow.
He also criticized not only the MLAs who are not in power, but even those in power who count sting the education department because they know that the education department does not have the money like others. Other departments have a lot of money and for this reason the education department has declined and especially it is sad to see that the teachers whom we expect to provide education to the children have to come forward to demand their right as it happened in this state.
Short-minded, thoughtful, Sharum shaneng is like a ksain;
He said that the Ministry of Agriculture has already issued an order since 9th July regarding the ban on the use of fertilizers.
Deacon Henry Lamare is the son of (L) Iainehskhem Bamon and Valaria Lamare, better known as Seven Lamare.
The two friends of his, tried to find him, but when they couldn't find him, they informed the family members of the rangbad and the authorities of Pahamsyiem village as well.
Others who attended the function included the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh and the Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri.
Shillong: After 22 days, Amita Sangma has been discharged from NEIGHRIMS today. , on November 8, 2018.
“The KSU NKHD Unit will oppose the infiltration of those langïong because it has seen with its own eyes that in many places in the city the Khasi villages near the army bases have been robbed and attacked. Besides the road blockade, there are also areas where the village authorities have to interact with the army as we have witnessed in Lawsohtun, Mawpat, Mawshubuit, Them Basuk and Laitkor which are neighboring villages. James said that in Mawlai, from time to time, the CRPF camp has been bomb and tied by the youth, the lack of land to build military gates in the village. Pyllun, Umïam, if we don't understand soon these will turn into problems later if we don't learn from what happened and we don't want the Khasi areas to suffer the same incidents but we should have you have taught me.
According to one of the media outlets, Niall's new album is also released after Heartbreak Weather which was released in
Who is who is free, I don't know, but perhaps only those in power in India know this.
The Functional Manager (FM) of the office said that there are many trainings inside the office including Tailoring, Knitting. , Carpenter, Computer, schemes and others, which should be provided to the public especially to the youth.
“The accident that day, it is surprising that the police have misused the law by lying and arrested him under the charge of conspiracy to commit murder.
The central theme of the meeting was to agree that due to the increasing number of crimes in these days, it is necessary to expand the offices of the party in all parts of the South West. Khasi Hills District and to be vigilant in the villages regarding the increasing number of evils that have happened in these days which have affected the society especially the misguidance of many young people in this age. now.
Because this is the life and death of the villagers of the state and foreigners will not know, understand and understand the nature of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people. this is the Committee.
There are 83 recoveries and one death.
“The Assembly Committee on Environment has visited all these illegal coke factories, but so far there is no sign of punishment,” said Emmon Chyrmang President KSU Jalaphet and urged the government to take action. on this occasion to immediately close down these illegal factories.
The Netherlands have become the fourth team to qualify for the 2023 ODI World Cup to be held in India.
Replying to the nuns' support for the arrested, Mulakkal said those who oppose the church are on the side of the accuser.
Shillong, July 23 : AITC General Secretary Abhishek Banerjee will arrive in Shillong on Tuesday morning to launch the party's election manifesto and 10 swearing-in ceremony for the MLA elections. the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
The vehicle coming from Lumshnong with two persons was blocked and seized and during the search it was found that some goods were hidden in the rear of the vehicle.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has claimed that the incident took place on 21st June.
“If the people want to get a Prime Minister from Khasi and Jaintia, they should unite,” said Pala.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) on Saturday announced that the polling in Shillong and Tura will be held on 19th June and the counting of votes will be held on 4th July.
The drawing was also praised.
He said that in the past months after the fire, the residents of the area have been very worried because the fire bills have been coming exactly every month even though they have not been able to use electricity. ei ha kitei to the moon.
Mebanlang Lyngdoh Rngaid scored the goals in the 14th minute, Sevenson Marweing in the 18th minute, Stephanjone Lyngdoh in the 23rd minute and Aiborlang Marngar in the 23rd minute. 47th.
Shillong, July 30: Police have arrested Bijay Chettri from Stand Jeep, Shillong at 2 pm this afternoon and seized 0.13 grams of suspected heroin from him. heroin addiction.
“As part of the prevention of COVID-19 infection, the government should write numbers or alphabets X,Y,Z on them. RL Blah said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
Jesus explained further – “That which is born of the flesh is flesh, and that which is born of the Spirit is Spirit” John 3:6
And it came to pass, as if it had been a hard thing for him to walk in the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat.
Nileshbhai, who is a member of Devrambhai's family, said that they are still confused whether Demrambhai is really dead or is still in hospital.
xxxi.
Shylla – 8014251242.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (I) today decided to extend the deadline for filing nomination papers for MP candidates until the 6th of this month. .
Shillong, July 30: A group of jokes from Shillong under the auspices of MRs Productions will celebrate World Jokes Day on 1st November, 2016 by performing short jokes along with some the songs.
It would be helpful to know that diocesan priests do not fall under the jurisdiction of any religious organization.
The candidates should be well versed in the laws of governance, and once we have elected them, they should speak out and present in the Assembly.
Through this order, he said, all types of vehicles have been immediately banned from passing through this road until the completion of the works.
The incident happened in one of the villages in Umden area of ​​Ri Bhoi District.
On the other hand, the union has demanded from the government on four issues related to the installation of BOPs on the border.
Furthermore, there is no order under Article 35 of MFA to appoint six neutral persons and two lawyers to hear the appeal of the TSA and to take a decision within 60 days. years without doing anything, this kills natural justice.
And if there is a lack of cleanliness, it also reduces the spread of the disease.
In English they say “The tax collector cannot choose.
Before the two senior leaders gave their speeches to the students, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh explained how the school was established.
“If those involved are identified, it would be appropriate if the government punishes them according to the rules of law,” said the order of the court headed by Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee after hearing the case. The PIL was filed by Shailendra Kumar Sharma.
Nongpoh: Leaders of KSU Nongpoh Circle, led by John Lyngdoh President, Baiashanlang Kharshanlor, General Secretary and members of the KSU Nongpoh Circle, today met with Dr TS Momin, DMHO of the KSU Nongpoh Circle. Bhoi, to inquire about the water medicine containing bilot bilot inside, which was received by a woman, who went to get medicine from Nongpoh Civil Hospital.
Kennedy said he wants to make Mawphlang a model constituency if the people allow him to lead as an MLA. He said that compared to the growth between Sohiong and Mawphlang in the last five years, it has increased.
I don't know if they have changed the syllabus now, if it is different from what we used to read before, but when I read this part I was happy to read and know that the Khasi know and I recognized them for their cleanliness and sincerity, which is why at that time I couldn't help but take my pen and note book to note this part.
After the victory of Bah Sylla from Nongkrem in the mid-term MDC elections, there has been talk among the people that he will shake the KHADC as Bah Shylla is one of the most active in the political movement. earth.
“I have been elected as the Spokesperson of the Federation of Khasi States (FKS) for many years and was re-elected on July 17, 2019 and until today I have not received any information that there has been an FKS meeting or a letter informing you of the decision you have made.
In this way, the NAQUIM program aims to transform groundwater-related activities and will contribute to the achievement of groundwater management goals by bringing comprehensive about this water in India.
Shillong: U Bah Seventhborn Lyttan, has lodged a complaint with the Police, that on the 18th of this month, at 12.30 pm, a group of about 30 people, who claimed to be members of the Sengbhalang, had attacked him. .
After that, the mother continued to threaten to drive away Panah.
The Dorbar Shnong Khliehmyntriang has banned the distribution of kyiad bottles and other types of bottles, plastic and garbage without being found.
He said that this area is prone to landslides and during the rainy season drivers have to be careful when passing through this road.
Meanwhile, KHNAM leader Latiplang Kharkongor said the party expects its allies including independent MDC Grace Mary Kharpuri to keep their commitment to support the ARPA until the end of the five-year term.
They should not dig a well to dispose of wastewater from private vehicle washes and factories near the river.
At the same time, the policy being prepared is aimed at developing a framework for groundwater management.
He said that recently the government has conducted the examination interview for 83 ADOs who have passed.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The AJSU and FAJP Sengkmie have blocked the workers of the Pasyih-Pamluti-Pammanik road after they found that there is a lack of colour. and the mawship and that there is only one water pump.
and to anoint the Most Holy One.
Speaking to reporters, the policeman, who did not want to be named, said that even if he is an MP, the police will seek permission from the Speaker to arrest and imprison him.
At the same time, he said that the UCC Bill is only a private member Bill and not a Bill introduced by the government.
He also explained why he and some of the elders and intellectuals had to come forward to bring about this Revolution - Ïada la ka Ri.
The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Amlarem Sub-Division has issued a public notice (No.AMPP.1/PR/2019-III/47) after receiving the order of the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights. (NCPCR) Government of India, under section (15) of CPCR Act, 2005.
“West Khasi Hills and the new Eastern West Khasi Hills District also need improvement in the vaccination of the residents.
Myngken HSS (Ri Bhoi) beat Mawbidong SS (South West Khasi Hills) 16-1
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 12: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) San Shnong Unit has announced that it will hold a prize giving ceremony for the students who passed the examinations on the 18th November, tip as the 3rd Maitchphrang Award Academy.
Badap Pura Nongkhkaw top scored with 27 runs (28) and Nangkham Khraw Pathaw scored 3/16 runs in 4 overs.
While the march continued, many shops from Umsohsun to Khyndailad were already closed and some shops near the road were open.
Furthermore, the shopkeepers demanded that the forest department should pay the compensation for the illegal demolition of their shops which has caused a huge loss.
Police suspect that the woman was killed by her husband, Arful Kharbani, according to the police website.
The students requested the police to take immediate action against these people involved in this robbery so that a fair trial can be given.
While the SSCM has already done a lot on the site for the development of sports, it has not completed the signing of a new Lease Agreement yet even after the old Lease. Meghalaya Football Association (MFA): In 2010, the SRGT leased another ground to the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA). Shillong to construct the first artificial turf football ground in the State.
Besides the 45 associations under the banner of the All Jaintia Commercial Vehicle Association, various organizations such as the Hynniewtrep Taxi Association Shillong, the Joint Action Committee Riwar Mihngi Tourist Vehicle, the Mawkyrwat Tourist Taxi Drivers & Owner Association, Nongthliew Area Indica Owners & Drivers Association, S.S.T.T.O.D.A, Iatylli Tourist Owners & Drivers Association, Nongstoin Shillong Ertiga Weri Tovers Association, Meghalaya Sohiong Area Taxi Owners & Drivers Tourist Taxi Cab Association, SATDA, Tyrsad Area Tourist Taxi Owners & Drivers Association and others.
On the discussions to complete the second phase of the project, the Lamphang said that the Ministry of Development of North East Region (DoNER) has promised to allocate funds for the second phase of the project. The preparation of the Detailed Project Report (DPR) is ongoing.
Shillong: Two days after being appointed as the new Organizing Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), Ostarnic Marbaniang and two other members of the KSU have been summoned to appear before the citizenship protest. Amendment Act (CAA) 2019 and to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Shillong.
Besides, the KAS has also given time to the Central Government to take action before the next session of Parliament, and if the Government does not respond, the KAS will consider other options. struggle.
The Dorbar Shnong has decided not to allow members of any party to enter the village from 5:00 PM to 5:00 AM, except on the day of the public meeting.
It is true that to reduce the traffic jam in Shillong is a task that has no other option if the government does not take stronger measures.
However, the opening of this new Block will be a blessing to all the 71 villages in the area.
The University continues to maintain peace and order among all students, and any wrongdoing will be punished according to the rules of law,” he said.
It is indeed a great shame and disgrace to our state that it has turned into such a great job of our nation.
She also asked the Government why and what is the ILP which the party as a whole has demanded? The West Khasi Hills District will continue to crack down on illegal foreigners and expel them from the West Khasi Hills District. dong to the area.
Furthermore, if any shop is found to have expired food items, the expired food items will be seized by the office of the Assistant Commissioner of Food Safety without any warning will be issued after 31 March
Bah MD Syiem, welcomed Bah Lumkamai and expressed his gratitude to him for coming without any rules and his courageous spirit, to come forward as This time to improve the quality of life of Umroi Constituency.
Shillong, June 13: A 52-year-old mother named Mina Thangkhiew has been arrested by several people from Pynursla area for money laundering.
He took the army and his brother with him.
Shillong, Nailur 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today launched the Skill Training Program on Zardozi Craft and Training Facilitation to train the youth to make houses. memories and mementos at the meeting held at Laban Sports Club.
