Residents of Nongkhroh, Thadmusem, Larnai and Sohphoh together with several political parties expressed their opposition at a public hearing.
"I feel that the political parties should unite to fight against this decision of the Court," said Bah Nongrum.
They also condemned his actions, saying that this land is the main source of the village and should not be sold for personal gain.
The Director of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) Ambrose Ch Marak confirmed to the leaders of JACATAM at a meeting today that the government has already released the salaries of the deficit teachers. From this month, the adhoc teachers from June and the salary will be distributed by the District School Education Officers to the schools.
Politicians led by Ministers and MLAs of the NPP government have held celebrations in many places to accept the decision of the Supreme Court to implement the MMDR Act in Meghalaya as a success. The NPP government has been able to allow people to mine coal again.
Many MDCs have been surprised because the T.133 crore has never reached them, whether they will receive the T.2 crore alone or not. Many MDCs are thinking alone.
Another thing that needs to be done to attract tourists is to provide them with accommodation and dining.
Speaking on the demand for the Inner Line Permit, Bah Kharlyngdoh said, “As a nation, we have the right to get the ILP which has been delayed by the BJP leaders in Delhi.
When this happened in my life, it made me very happy and my mother as well as my brother-in-law.
Regarding the decision of the meeting convened by the Hima Mylliem, Rupang asked the marketers how they feel about the decision of the Hima Mylliem to promote the market.
Jesus said, “They shall look upon me whom they pierced, and the Jews shall weep for their Messiah.
The PWD's debt to the contractors has reached T.800 crore including the amount allocated by Dr Mukul Sangma during his tenure as Prime Minister six months before the elections. 300 crore rupees.
Shillong: The number of cases of coronavirus in the state has risen to 754 today, with 108 new cases reported today.
It is not recorded when the market at Garobadha was opened but the market at Mawlai-Mawïong was opened in 1996 by the former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Salseng C. Marak. -only worked.
Senior Secretary Martin Luther Christian University Shillong was also present on the occasion.
Speaking at the meeting, Ma OR Shallam said that the Pollution Board has talked to the Sein Raij, which holds the right to implement the cremation; because the Government of India needs their knowledge to be implemented in other parts of India.
He said that during the election campaign, there is a conflict with the religious leaders, churches and political parties but it is not appropriate to talk against the religious leaders.
The site is located in the lawbah lawsan area of ​​Riangdim and can be reached by walking for 2 hours, about 25 kilometers.
Tharoor is also a former Union Minister and a well-known author of 24 books who was also Under Secretary General of the United Nations.
The man of the match was awarded to Lastborn Mawphniang, who wore jersey number
Many residents of Mawsynram Block including Khasi, Garo and Hajong have deposited money through their bank accounts with the Meghalaya Co-operative Apex Bank Ltd.
Heavy rainfall along with strong wind blew heavily at 1 pm this morning and caused damage to trees, houses and electricity posts in Jowai.
He asked her, 'I would like you to introduce yourself and your career in singing and what is the name of this village where you live and what is your name?' I live in Mawtnum, Ri-Bhoi district, Nongpoh and this village where I live is Lumdiengjri which falls under Mawtnum. First of all, I thank God, who has been able to be with me. until this present moment, that I have become a human being to this extent, is the presence of God and His blessings.
(1) The quantity of ration which used to be scarce in the past has been increased to three per head per day and the distribution of this ration has been carefully monitored.
The first match will be between Samaro vs Nangbah Khloopano at 12:30 pm, Mookaswan Dongwah vs Tympang Club at 2:00 pm and Kseh Sylle Ïalong. against the F.A.M at 3:30 pm.
Regarding the appointment of Pandit, the Waheh Chnong and Dolloi have ordered the relatives of Pandit Deshmuk to leave the Pandit's residence so that a new Pandit can take over the residence. The Meghalaya High Court has also suspended this.
“If there is no district council, we will be like Sikkim and Tripura to become low paid in our own state,” he said.
When asked whether the party will include the ILP in its manifesto, Vincnet H Pala said the party has clearly stated that it will not include the ILP in its manifesto.
“To avoid the conflict between the two groups, it would be better to have small states like Sikkim and Goa.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle has expressed its concern over the condition of the Amlarem-Dawki NH-40 E in the past few months. , without a doubt.
Sinha said that yesterday, they met for half an hour (or within 17 days) and Conrad Sangma agreed to allocate Rs 10 crore for the needs. Kongthong didn't grow up.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19 : The candidates for the MDC elections in the two district councils, KHADC and JHADC, have not been prepared for the MDC elections. not yet in October or June of next year.
Therefore, we have decided to suspend the strike from today, July 16,” said the President.
Burom Salahe scored 3 goals for Wasa alone.
New Delhi, Nailar 05: A delegation of National People's Party (NPP) leaders from Meghalaya and MLAs from Manipur led by Lok Sabha MP Agatha Sangma have met with Defense Minister Amit. Shah visited his office at Parliament House on Thursday and requested him to do something to restore peace in Manipur.
Nongpoh: Ri Bhoi Police through the Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) together with Nongpoh Police Station, have arrested a man accused of involvement in drug trafficking. Drugs were smuggled from Guwahati to Shillong.
We have not yet discussed what the Government of India will do and recognize the issue of the State, but we must first start from home and when we come together, we will see what. This is a very important moment for the Khasi Jaintia and Garo people to force their leaders, who are still in power today. , that they should take the ILP decision as the most important issue.
Lawrence Bishnoi, who is also one of the leaders of the Bishnoi Gang, has expressed his anger over Salman's silence on his order to apologize to a temple in Rajasthan for his actions. .
The Nongpoh MLA urged the supporters to join the Congress party, a party that has hope and especially in the preparation to contest the mid-term elections from three constituencies in the state. .
Similarly, an elderly person can cope with the various challenges he faces in his life.
The President of GSU Rongara Circle has expressed his regret over this behavior not only in the area but across the Garo Hills and said that it is urgent to take action on this issue. He urged that immediate action should be taken so that it does not put at risk the consumers.
The sudden passing away of Bah Lam is a great loss not only to his family but to all those involved in the field of journalism.
The event was attended by KSU WJHDU President Laitphar Syngkrem, KSU WJHDU President Leningrad Tariang, Finance Secretary KSU EKHDU, Leibiang Papang Executive Member and KSU leaders. Launch Circle.
The PDIC has not been able to lead the PDIC for a long time because Bah GG Swell has served in the Lok Sabha & Rajya Sabha in Delhi, without any leaders who have not been able to lead the PDIC. Hoping Stone Lyngdoh was still alive and gradually deteriorated after his death.
Batskhem Nongbah, 18, and Pynshngaiñ Kurbah, 19, have qualified for the Khelo India Games
Speaking at a meeting to separate the two departments which used to be one in East Jaintia Hills, the Chief Justice said that this is in accordance with the Constitution of India.
We submitted many petitions.
Shillong, July 20: U Babu Chosterfield Khongwir, a lecturer at NEHU, on Tuesday said that he has no objection to the Catholic Church's construction of the Cross on Mawiambei. he is.
Continuing to score 61/5, Nagaland, which had earlier scored 188 runs, beat Meghalaya by only 100 runs and managed to score 88 runs.
but if ye believe not his writings (Moses).
MIMT doesn't have adequate training facilities and we see the future,” said the youth. cannot ask for assistance from the CSWO to protect the rights of young men and women.
At the same time, I cannot believe that the ancestors who took part in these two Dorbars would have destroyed or intended to destroy the country in this form.
After receiving information about the incident, five teams from the Indian Army, SSB and ITBP have launched a search operation for the two suspects. pilot.
If you don't have that land, you don't have that land in Assam.
He urged all the members of the Movement to work together for the betterment of the community, the community and the district as a whole.
We must ask questions, we must examine, we must investigate and we must fight against this age.
Several students from different schools who came to write the examination at KJP Higher Secondary School, Shillong, have expressed their concern that the MBOSE question set for the subject social science this year does not come according to the books. they prepared and studied hard.
Secondly, the State's request to the Minister is that at this time when the disease is spreading rapidly in the State, it would be better not to allow and stop those Assam trucks which are just carrying goods. These trucks used to unload these goods to Guwahati which has been declared as a Red Zone due to the spread of Coronavirus. These trucks are not carrying food items or any other items that the people need every day.
The traffic jam started at 9 pm in Upper Shillong.
According to reliable sources, Congress MDC from Mawkyrwat, Bah Carness Sohshang, has been preparing to leave the Congress House and join the NPP in the near future.
He added that the purpose of the meeting was to find ways and means to reduce the use of coal or mineral resources which pollute the environment.
If it is found that there is no coal or less coal from the count, he shall be prosecuted as the owner of the coal in accordance with the provisions of the MMDR Act,
In the election, the candidate who receives the most votes is the winner, and the candidate who comes second has no value, and has to wait another five years to run again.
We see that there were those meetings to congratulate the government for getting the four Mining Lease to implement the coal mining in a new way.
Those who have registered as members through the portal will be covered by accidental death insurance of Rs 2 lakh or government assistance of Rs 2 lakh in case of death.
He shall be a Candidate until his name is released by the Returning Officer of the Election.
From there it joins the Umiam Khwan River after two valleys.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The Executive Committee of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on the 3rd of this month has awarded contracts to private companies to cooperate with its Enforcement Police for the distribution of Labor License to foreigners working within the border. The KHADC has awarded the contract to Pynshngain Nongbet to look after Ri-Bhoi District and to Bah Felix Kharpuri to look after East Khasi Hills District. 2016 to November 3,
Madhya Pradesh, which is currently ruled by the BJP, has 199 members in Rajasthan, where elections were held in all constituencies and the Congress has the lead in 96 constituencies. In Chattisgarh, the BJP has won 56 seats out of 90 constituencies, the BJP has won 25 seats and Telengana has 119 seats. The TRS has won in 91 constituencies, the Congress in 21 constituencies and in Mizoram, the MNF has won in 28 constituencies, while the Congress has won in 21 constituencies. in 7 constituencies with the BJP
In Delhi, there are 38 lakh vehicles in this category, but it is not clear whether some of them are still on the road or whether they have been sold or destroyed.
At present, the Khars from Assam only with understanding and some people come to carry timber in vehicles and shaka to earn money from Nongrim Jirang and Paham Umshru and sell it back to Assam. .
It is understood that the forest officials have taken the lenlum for storage in other safe places.
“If these parties cannot draw up their Common Minimum Program, tell us to prepare it based on the manifestos of all the parties in the government,” said Bah Robert.
Nongpoh: Several public and private vehicles from Patharkhmah and Jirang areas have been stuck between Umrit-Umling road last night. They were blocked by a coal truck coming from Mairang area, which broke down and stopped in the middle of the road.
Jesus was tried and condemned as follows-“One of them, Caiaphas, the high priest...said, 'You foolish ones! Don't you realize that it is better for you that one man should die...than that the whole nation should perish?” (John 11:49-50).
However, this time the Seiñraij and Seng Khasi have received permission from the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District to hold this Lympung on the 16th of this month at Mukhap village on the theme which testified that the preparation went swiftly.
“During the rainy season we can only throw stones and other minor works and that is why it will take a long time to complete this road,” said Trpathi. only up to 50 percent and still half of all the approved areas remain.
However, most of the time in the MP elections, especially in Ri Khasi Jaintia, the turnout is low compared to the MLA or MDC elections. They shall do the same, and shall not distinguish between the people, whether they support it or not.
The Seng expresses its gratitude to the State Government through its Cabinet decision against this Act but the Seng feels that it is not enough but should be passed by a Resolution of the Legislative Assembly. altogether to oppose this Act.
“It is not good to imagine that we are wasting money because I have already told the people that their money will not come to us,” said Ardent.
Shillong, March 02 : U Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA), has been elected as the new Secretary General of the North East Olympic Association (MSA) at a meeting held at friday.
Shillong: The High Power Committee on the construction of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, on Friday met at Taj Vivanta in Shillong.
In this age, the people can see which MLAs are speaking and which ones are sitting in the House.
He said that although he does not have the money, the only thing he offers is to provide a clean service if he wins.
Also present on the occasion were Dr. JI Rapthap, Asst. Professor, Department of Adult & Continuing Education, NEHU, Bah PH Shylla, Divisional Commandant of Home Guards, Dr. Graham Bell, Mabaniang and Civil. S. Bordoloi, Senior Consultant, SDMA and others.
Mawkhar Village Leaders including Bah Arwan Tariang as Rangbah Shnong and Bah R.Sutnga, Asst Rangbah Shnong and others inspected the streets and sidewalks. The contractors who have received the work have not completed the work but have left the work halfway and this has disrupted the traffic of people or vehicles in the Mawkhar area.
These include 6 cases from East Khasi Hills and 1 case from Ri Bhoi.
The Tourism Department of the State Government is making efforts to promote tourism through the Swadesh Darshan Scheme of the Government.
Shillong: U Cherishterfield Thangkhiew, the arrested leader of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), has died this morning in a shootout with police.
“On the other hand, the Seng believes that these posts should be filled by the state residents as the work will be easier in terms of language and knowledge of places and foreigners will be able to fill the posts. you don't," he said.
This confirmation came hours after photographs of N Biren Singh's resignation letter were spread.
About 3 trucks of medicines were dumped in Marten last month which has brought attention to the work of the state health department.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has congratulated Zoram People's Movement (ZPM) leader Lalduhoma on his assumption of office as the Chief Minister of Mizoram.
The Education Secretary of the union also expressed his gratitude to the land owner, Bah Phre Khardewsaw, who was willing to donate the land to the government in collaboration with the village of Mawrusyiar.
In the Raid Marwet, the Syiem and the Hima Mylliem had no authority, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council had only the name.
States have been ordered to ensure that there is no movement of people in cities or highways.
Even here in Shillong, there has not been much conflict between the two.
The price hike was announced by the Indian Oil Corporation (IOC), which has set the price of petrol in accordance with the price of petrol in the world market.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Roads), Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that he has directed the Chief Engineer National Highways to provide evidence on the allegations. Dhar Construction Company has completed the construction of the Dawki-Amlarem-Jowai road project.
This has put a lot of pressure," he said.
We should thank God, because until now in Ri Khasi Jaintia, there have been no cases of this disease and until now, we are still clean and pure. , para household, para kur, there is nothing wrong with that, although at the same time, we should be disciplined, by following some of the orders of the government.
The houses of Meter Khongsni, whose house was swept away by the road, were the house of Bah Phiang Tangsong, whose house was turned into a lyndang. .
These items were handed over by the Divisional Forest Officer (DFO), Jowai, Kong Heisa Lato and Range Forest Officer, Umkiang Wildlife Range, Ma S Law. Chairman of Chyrmang Community Reserve, Ma K Lakiang, Waheh Shnong Chyrmang Ma S Dkhar and teachers of these schools including Kong J Khyriem, Teacher of Chyrmang Nein Lower Primary School and Ma J Dkhar, Headmaster. , Chyrmang Upper Primary School.
The District Magistrate issued this order after receiving a complaint regarding the presence of people who are mining shyiap using the power to clean up the shyiap that has been mined. illegal and pollutes the surrounding rivers including the Kynshi River.
He said that there were other reasons for the traffic jam such as parking in the wrong place, picking up people, dropping people in the wrong place, parking in the wrong place and other reasons.
Dr. Philling Rynjah, Founder and Director of Herbal Practitioner, Umsning, said that the Herbal Care Center in Umsning is one of the most famous medical centers in Umsning. that the herbal medicine is different and safe for the people to trust as on his part, as one of the herbalists he has been able to cure many different diseases such as tuberculosis, stem disease, rheumatism, skin disease and others.
“At first I was surprised how the District Council will have the authority to implement the ILP, but when we searched, we found all the rules and regulations that have existed since before the District Council. Therefore, we find that the powers of the District Council exceed the 6th Schedule.
In his speech, the Rangbah Shnong congratulated Bah Hamlet for coming to release this film in his village which will also be an important part for the residents not only of Laitjem. However, the people should also consider before electing their leaders for the District Council
Graham Staines is a missionary of the Evangelical Missionary Society of Mayurbhanj and works among the lepers in the most remote and poor villages of Orissa.
Speaking at the meeting, M June Myrsing expressed her regret and surprise over the statement of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh regarding the salary given to the ASHA workers. “If the term of office of ASHAs is only two years, the MAWU leader also asked the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, “If the term of office of ASHAs is only two years, the government should to send those rules of procedure to MAWU as soon as possible so that they can know the truth"
Anuj Chetry of Sherwood School, Tura has secured first rank in SSLC with 575 marks and has received distinction in six subjects including E, M, S&T, SSc, HPE, H The second place went to Aleytheia Syiemlieh of St Margaret's Higher Secondary School, Shillong with 574 marks, which is only 1 mark less than the first place.
However, it is not only the border villages, it has been seen recently, that many villages in Ribhoi, have to build the road themselves, because of the damage, has been excessive and it is shocking to think that the PWD until now, it has not produced a single word of congratulation to the people for taking part in it.
Christopher Nkunku scored in the 71st minute and Dominik Szoboszlai in the 85th minute.
Call 8729929166.
“People are worried that we want to bring in outsiders and that is wrong.
As on the second day, Thapa managed to win again through the consensus of all the judges.
UDP Adviser Ri Bhoi District
Regarding the death of the fish, he said that the Veterinary Department has gone to inquire about this and the cause of the death of the fish will be known in the coming days.
“The question now is what will happen to the land vendors who sell in public places when the deadline for land vendors to register with the former EC has expired? " he wrote.
Farmers have been in a long-running dispute with politicians in Haryana and their protest has prompted many politicians to stop their march. it comes to so many essential journeys.
Therefore, the police have urged the public to use two other roads while the maintenance is ongoing, said SP EKH Rituraj Ravi.
The Shallang Village Council will inform the Block Office and the District authorities to provide urgent assistance to the family.
Furthermore, it was found that the Company does not have the first opportunity to the Khasi and except for any job, it does not put an announcement to the Khasi media, so that everyone can know. .
Shillong, Naitung 10: China is getting older and therefore, it is an opportunity for India to take action as it is a country with a young population, he said. Chief Minister of the State Mukul Sangma.
Regarding the approval of the state government to appoint an Administrator in KHADC, the ARPA in a letter signed by 16 MDCs said that the government's action is against the Constitution. She said that the government's action is another attempt to violate the Constitution besides the recent MDC elections. After a meeting with the 16 MDCs, the Governor of Meghalaya, Keshari Nath, said that the government's action is only to take away the powers given to the ARPA by the people. Tripathi said that a group had come to meet him to discuss the administration in KHADC (which he did not name the ARPA) and on this meeting, he said that According to the Governor, it is understood that his review will be in accordance with the Constitution of India.
Shillong: The Meghalaya TMC has strongly opposed the BJP government in Assam's order to inquire into the number of new churches in the state. Information searches will also be conducted in Meghalaya.
The Meghalaya government should have brought to the Assembly a new issue to discuss, which is how to deal with those who criticize and insult others.
Jowai MLA Ma Wailadmiki Shylla who is also the Chairman of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) as the chief guest said that Meghalaya is still dependent on other states including food and beverages. other requirements.
Shillong, July 12: The Headmaster of Pisa Kuna Upper and Lower Primary School, Mawsynram, Babula Hajong, has admitted that he signed without looking at the certificate of a Bihar girl to be admitted to JNV Mawsynram.
The Deputy Commissioner has requested all the coal owners who have already registered to come to his office so that they can collect their necessary documents.
The Dorbar Shnong Khliehmushut has honored the former Village Officers of Khliehmushut Village who have worked from 1994 to 2020 on Thursday.
He said that MEPA has a strong hope in George to take care of all the problems faced by the media.
New Delhi: The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) today claimed responsibility for the posting of posts criticizing Prime Minister Narendra Modi for the coronavirus vaccination of the people of the country.
She said that these allegations arise because many of the vendors are poor, who earn day and night, who don't have time to respond to these allegations.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on 17th June said that the demand for a Winter Capital in Tura is related to the economic development. Together with the policies of the government for economic development, we can achieve the goal of bringing about economic development in all aspects in the state.
The MRSS Amendment Bill 2020 only strengthens and empowers the MRSSA, but does not affect its implementation.
When asked why the people have not accepted the NPP in Sohiong, Sandondor said he does not know the reason but it is clear that the people have not accepted it.
New Delhi: The date for the 2023 Assembly elections in Meghalaya, Nagaland and Tripura, 2023 has been announced on
Grouplang Suting scored the third goal (25).
Religions, customs and traditions grow from the home to the society, from the household, the kur, the village, the raij, the elaka, the hima and how ter ter.
How sad it is to see and know that our Khasi-Jaintia Ministers and MLAs are busy distributing pig seeds, jhur seeds and tins besides laying the foundation stones to build roads, bridges, While the Garo MLA is busy with the construction of large projects, new colleges and others which have brought about development in the country. that Garo area.
He said that until these days, the HSPDP and UDP candidates have been ahead but until the end it cannot be said because to fight against the Minister is not easy. sit down in the crowd.
The UDP's proposal will explain to us how to think because we have to think together in the MDA,” said Bah Samlin.
Tusame Marak, U14 Event- High Jump.
Regarding the incident, u Bah Mawlieh said that it is highly suspected that the robbers who robbed his house may be drug addicts or drug addicts. It is not known whether there was anyone at home on these two nights as the incident may have happened on Saturday night.
“Two teams of SSB personnel have arrived in East Khasi Hills,” Deputy Commissioner Sanjay Goyal told reporters.
Synrem said that after the DC's promise, the KSU will also meet with the SDO (Civil) Sohra to discuss in writing.
“The Trinamool Congress spokesperson referred to the order of the Assam Police Department to collect a census of the number of churches in Assam along with detailed information on the people involved in forced conversions.
Through the khein kur khein kha, we know which kur, which other kha are right and then we learn how to manage the household.
In fact, the Dorbar Shnongs should convey the voice of the people to the government or the MLA, who should be responsible and follow up on all the development works in the constituency.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday admitted two Khasi youths who were addicted to drugs to a rehabilitation center in Assam. Six youths have left to take back six others and the HYC has been able to take back two of them, one from Viva Road and one from Umpling. Those who were involved in drug trafficking were those who were brought by their parents to the office of the party.
Police sources confirmed that there was a mutual complaint between the Sengbhalang leaders and the foreigner, but they have not registered a case yet.
The Vice President of the Jaintia National Council, Bah Ency Shadap and the Secretary of Education, Bah Diamond Bareh also congratulated the SDSEO for taking this important initiative for the development of the school. The union urges the district authorities as well as the education department to ensure that the schools have enough teachers especially those who teach in the schools. subjects that are necessary so that students do not miss lessons.
He said that as a Congress leader in the last five years, he has seen the internal warfare and the unpleasant working methods in the Congress party.
He recalled that under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma as Chief Minister, the state has been upgraded to 11 Districts, 6 C&RD Block, 4 Civil Sub-Divisions and other departments. good.
Therefore, in order to build closeness between believers and churches, there is a great need to have online services so that the service can reach where most of them gather.
Expressing his opposition to the extension of the term of office of Bah Pa Riat, Mukul said that the decision of the government to extend the term of office of Bah Pa Riat was wrong. khat good.
Please call us at +9
“There is nothing to be afraid of because we have worked hard and we have not hesitated and we hope to win from South Tura,” said Conrad.
The President of the Khasi Jaintia Butcher Welfare Association, Generos Warlarpih, in a statement to the media, said that the group has been appointed by the government to run the butcher farm in Shillong. in Demtriang to provide training to the farmers according to the current standards.
Reports said that the political parties in the state government are not yet confident enough to discuss the MDC elections as they have to wait until
However, due to the shortage and poverty, the farmers have to work hard even in the cold of the rainy season to support their families.
The three special awards distributed by the club on the occasion include the award to Shri Ardhendu Dey who is the recipient of the National Award in 2009, 2010, 2011 and
The three convicted include Tngen Muruh, She Muruh and Tne Muruh from Lumkhudung village.
On the other hand, the state police have informed that Mallik is one of the robbers who used to smuggle goods in the area.
On the other hand, the union said that it will not stand idly by but will continue to monitor this issue and urged the government to take seriously this issue for the benefit and prosperity of the state as a whole and especially. to protect the environment in the state as a whole.
“I am very pleased that these leaders of ours from the Prime Minister and the Prime Minister's Secretary have come to see you.
He also urged the meat cutters to cooperate and also to maintain cleanliness.
Mawkyrwat, July 21: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKJGP) has expanded its activities by confirming its office bearers. Lower Wall Unit.
When the Khasi family was headed by the Khyllah jait, all the customs and traditions of that family were dead.
Four persons have died, two from East Khasi Hills, one from Ribhoi District and one from West Garo Hills.
Regarding the youths of the state who have stranded in other states of India, the Government of Meghalaya has decided to provide 3000 tyngka to 10,287 youths for the purpose of providing assistance during the lockdown.
Finally, Bah HK Thabah distributed the syrnod to the entrepreneurs, who have been able to produce many kinds of food items and others.
Shillong: The Tyrna Village Council through the TYWDS on Saturday honored the CEM of KHADC who is also the MDC of the area.
At the same time, they pointed out many shortcomings in the bill issued on the bill.
Speaking at a meeting convened by the MTDF held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Bah Robert said that the people from all over the country have gathered in these days when there are protests by the Sengbhalang. “Since these protests, their income has been affected and the influx of foreigners into the state has decreased by about 70 percent,” said Bah Robert.
This ban on the village headmen and Rangbah Shnongs from taking part in political activities is good.
The District Magistrate has banned anyone from carrying firearms in the area.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: It is sad to see that the authorities of the MeECL have neglected and abandoned the land in the remote villages of Shillong.
Syiem said the new EC will also study the allegation of misuse of funds of the Khasi Heritage Village Mawphlang.
Shillong: U Bah David Lyngdoh or Bah Jyllud has been seen in Mawlai and the SP City, Shillong, told reporters that police will arrest him soon.
They said that according to their information, the Supreme Court has ordered that no one should be forced to have an Aadhaar number unless the people want it. request that the students should be exempted from the Aadhaar number.
The uniqueness of a nation refers to the uniqueness of its dress, culture, customs and language among other customs.
“We must not forget that Sonia Gandhi's husband and mother-in-law also died in the service of the people, but in the midst of this great loss she continues to lead the oldest party in the country, “It is a party that works hard for the independence of India,” said the President of the Youth Congress.
The funeral service and funeral service for Bah David Kharnaior will be held on the 17th of this month at 12 noon at the Catholic Church Umtrew.
This was Mary's second victory, following her first victory in
The injured include Pralin Kharbangar, who sustained serious head injuries, Handyness Lymba, who sustained head injuries and Khrawboklang Kharbamon. the gunshot from parts of your body.
Nagaland Chief Minister Neiphui Rio has said that Assam is the exporter of illegal immigrants to Nagaland. A report in the Telegraph newspaper said that the Municipal Employees of Assam issue proof of their ownership in Assam such as Birth Certificates and others for only Rs.
The Congress will form a government in the state with the cooperation of the Samajwadi Party and then with the support of the Bahujan Samajwadi Party.
In an attempt not to defend the article or politicize it, and in order to respect everyone, let me point out three aspects of this article that are misleading:These articles give the impression that the situation it is like a prison, a permanent persecution of Christians.
She said that the money that the robbers had taken was earned during the day.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said that the allegation of corruption against the ministers of the MDA government is inexplicable. He said that he welcomes the speech of VPP President Ardent Basaiawmoit and should order him to send the CBI and ED. MP of the party to bring the CBI and ED here in Meghalaya, as he said.
Up to 5,000 flags have been erected to welcome him from Umshyrpi Bridge to Civil Hospital Shillong.
It was in 1975 that I had the opportunity to travel further away from my home country and we were missing about fifteen days from our home.
This is an injection that prevents disease.
Kefel Nongsiej, 18, son of E.Nongsiej, Kynshi Mawria, Eastern-West District, was arrested on Wednesday morning. U Rangad village, East Jaintia Hills District, has drowned in a stream near Umbyrleiñ Valley, East Jaintia Hills District. He said he came by bus with other friends from different villages. They said that the bus was coming from Nongmynsong, Shillong and they had come to visit the Umbyrleiñ Valley and go to the toilet. valley.
It is also expected that the remaining coal will be cleared by the end of this year.
Shillong: To promote physical education, the Meghalaya Physical Education and Sports Association (MPESA) was established on 17th November 2019 at Mawlai Mawdatbaki, Shillong.
On the other hand, Bah Ardent proposed that he is ready to meet with the government authorities together with the elders and youth of Mawmluh to investigate the matter and ordered to provide the facts. and the operation of this dewbilat factory which has been established since the time of the Assam government.
Jowai, Lber, 01: The Labang Nangphyllut District Committee (LNPRAC) has held a one-day Cultural Program at Lamarang Village under Block-1 on 29th June 2024 in collaboration with the LNPRAC. .
Perhaps it is the fact that foreigners come to Meghalaya by train because it can carry more passengers than cars or buses.
Shillong, Nailar 12: Seven villages including Ratachera, Dona umbluh, Dona Skur, Lumphyllut, Lumsohski, and Pyrta Kuna expressed their strong opposition to the decision of the JHADC through the EC of Rymbai, alleging that the decision of the JHADC is outside the JHADC Act. The six villages urged the CEM of JHADC to revoke this decision alleging that it is an unfounded decision to interfere with the village affairs.
In the women's category, Kyntimon Marweiñ finished in 41 minutes 15 seconds, beating Marqueenless Ramsiej (42:20) and Bandasharai Marwein (44:06). three.
Shillong: Northeast United have announced that the selection process will be held on the 27th of this month. November 2019 for those born from July 1, 2003 to November 31,
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC became the third team to reach the semi final of the Shillong Premier League by beating Sawmer SC 4-0 on Saturday. League 2023 will be played at the SSA Stadium, Polo.
The Minister was speaking after petrol bombs were detonated at two police stations and the MGCC office on 1st June.
Those present on the occasion included WBC President Idalin Lyngshing, HNYF President Bankerlin Rumnong, HNYF Assistant Secretary Donroy Kshiar and others.
The Soo Langdohs include the Langdoh of Jowai, the Langdoh of Kongwasan Chyrmang, the Langdoh of Ialong and the Langdoh of Tuber.
Chile had a corner in the 34th minute but India's defenders easily saved the goal.
She said that she will continue to monitor this issue so that the traditional healers will have the opportunity to showcase their skills in this program sponsored by the Government of India. Get guidance and more information from this school.
Referring to the recommendations of the Majithia Wage Board to journalists and newspaper workers, Ampareen said the government would try to follow the recommendations including setting up a committee of three parties.
One of the suspects was carrying an INSAS rifle, while the other was carrying a sdie, the complaint said. To do this, they fled to the forest near the army headquarters.
Therefore, the two organizations have met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills with a petition to demand that he should immediately abolish the illegal tax gate by the Dolloi. The DC has sent a letter to the Superintendent of Police (SP) and the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of West Jaintia Hills District.
The suspect was handed over to the Lamlai Police Station, Imphal East District for further investigation.
Shillong, July 13: About 20 buses of the Shillong Public Transport Service (SPTS) in Mawpat have been stranded.
The Minister also expressed his satisfaction that the revenue from the state has started to increase slowly, adding that in the current financial year, the revenue from the state will reach 100 million rupees. T.2,636 crore for the year 2023-24, the Minister expects revenue to increase by at least 22 per cent or to T.3,205 crore, which will include T.1,785 crore from GST, and T.792 crore from sales & trades and T.413 crore from excise.
Oh, the money is spent on car fares, airplanes, food in shops, restaurants, hotels, entertainment venues, tour guides and so on.
In great or small efforts, When we started, many challenges came, The morning came after night and it was not dark.
The judge examined the affidavits submitted by the DGPs of Assam and Meghalaya, the PCCF, the Head of Forest Force (HFF), the MDC, the Rangbah Shnong and nine residents. The Commission found that there has been a mutual allegation about the incident and therefore it is difficult to take a decision from the affidavits.
According to a source from the relevant authorities, trees such as Leihao, Talhao, Pine, Cherry and Bougainvillea trees were planted on Shirui Peak, the third highest mountain in Manipur. .
She said that the giving of jait to the mother by the ancestors since ancient times, has not been the full empowerment of women and in this age, even other ethnic groups in the country. The world's father-in-laws have gone ahead and fought hard to empower women in all aspects.
(i) First and foremost means the undertaking of all kinds of work with a sense of responsibility, desire and order by combining the strength of the head, body and hands to perform works that are physically fit and far from the tree and those who have beauty in them.
Mukhla opened the scoring in the 20th minute through Primrose Lamat.
In the past few days, Rupang has spoken to one of the leaders of the party, Bah Witting Mawsor MLA Mawshynrut who is also the General Secretary of the party. organization for
If that or that friend is quick to do evil and forces you to do it together, it may be in eating and drinking or cheating or cheating, just for the sake of pleasing your friend you have to compromise. and this is a good way, and this is a very wrong way, because pleasure is given to what should not be done, just for the sake of feel good to others.
:William Shakespeare said, books are the building blocks of the whole world, the life of books is like a world without sun, knowledge without books is like a bird without wings.
Israel's attack comes after Trump warned Syria that the country will pay a heavy price for killing dozens of civilians, including also to the little children.
The Road Construction Department of the State Government has imposed restrictions on the passage of goods vehicles through the bridge and has also deployed police to ensure that the movement of goods trucks will pass one by one to avoid being affected by the bridge. which is sator now.
He said that there are those who accuse him of being a foreigner, but he recalled that (L) Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh has been elected as an MLA for more than 50 years from Nongstoiñ, but he is not a resident of the village. He was born in Nongstoiñ, but the people loved him and no one could convince him.
The Office of the Commissioner of Transport has invited applications for the post of Inspector and Enforcement Checker in the Meghalaya Transport Department for a period of one year.
Besides, those who turn over their shops to foreigners are not from the village but from outside the village.
Senior Lawyer UK Nair, who represented Marak in the petition, said that the notification that the post of OSD (Technical) has been created in the Senior Grade of Printing and Stationery ( Technical Grade), is no longer possible because the post Senior Grade is a rank and according to Rule 4(2) of the Printing and Stationery Service Rules, each post is a Senior Grade. independent status and movement from one status to another shall be in accordance with the Rules.
We have directed the officers in each district to investigate and take necessary action if they receive any information regarding the disease,” he said.
JOWAI: For the first time, Jawaharlal Nehru Memorial Secondary School, Lamin has entered the first twentieth position in the matric results announced by the MBOSE on Monday.
Shillong, June 11: The Meghalaya Anganwadi Workers and Helpers Union (MAWHU) together with the Asha workers under the banner of the Asha Workers Union (AWU) today held a meeting to discuss the issue. march to demand their rights.
The three opposition parties are the TMC and Congress with five seats each while the VPP has four seats.
They immediately met with the Assistant Executive Engineer of MePDCL Amlarem Sub-Division and lodged a complaint at his office regarding the problem of distribution and calculation of electricity bills. office.
Mallick died while 25 others were injured in the blast," the police chief said.
But others are the same every shop.
AK Mishra, who is the Government of India's representative in the peace talks on political issues in Nagaland, is preparing to visit Nagaland to meet with the NSCN-IM leader in Dimapur.
He also praised the MLA for his insight to set up a Mini Secretariat in Jowai and the declaration of Smart Town for Jowai.
A group of Wanderers motorcycle riders chatted about their experiences riding around the region.
To free the slave from the blindness of money, this is the challenge for this constituency, indeed for other constituencies as well.
He said this while addressing a meeting in Dalu, Gambegre, North and South Tura districts on Friday.
Geralyn sent a reply to her neighbors saying, “For children, when they get angry, they cry and scream and it's the only way they can to express their evil to us parents and I don't have the magic, to stop her from crying or to make her cry immediately, so that she can just tell us her needs”.
In the village, the contractor has worked torti until he has broken all the PHE water pipes and this has affected the people until they have not received government water anymore.
From the information gathered, it was found that Sofiqul Islam, who used to have bad marks, was involved in the same incident.
Also present on the occasion were B. Bamon, Acting Dolloi of Satpator, S. Pohkyrnu, Advisor of Satpator, Kur leaders and supporters of the Dolloi. .
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 26: The West Khasi Students Union (WKSU) has slammed the MDA government led by Conrad Sangma, saying that the government has deceived and deceived the people of the state in relation to the peace process. ïa u pud u sam.
Shillong, Naitung, 22: The two Regional Committees of Meghalaya and Assam on Saturday decided to discuss only three areas in the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam. in the State of Assam.
Most of us know that excessive viewing of screens such as – computers, laptops, tablets especially mobile phones in today's digital age – are sleep disturbing tools.
For West Jaintia Hill District, the committee includes Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Symbud Chief Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Comingone Ymbon, Minister of Food Civil Supplies, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui MLA Amlarem Constituency; Nujorki Sungoh MLA Mokaiaw constituency, Thombor Shiwat, MDC JHADC from Barato-Mukroh constituency as members and the Deputy Commissioner of the district as member convener.
On the morning of Tuesday, a Tourist Taxi (AS 10C 7733) from Shlliong, which was on its way to Nongstoiñ, collided with another vehicle. A Wagon R (ML 05F 7977) collided with a Wagon R registration ML 05F 7977, in which the tourist taxi was seriously damaged and the Wagon R which was parked from behind was also badly damaged.
At the meeting held at the Syiem Mylliem Police Station, Rev B Syiem, Director of Urban Mission, briefly explained the main objectives of the Drop In Center (DIC). It has been opened since 2013 because the purpose is to provide training and education to those people who have become involved in illegal activities, such as alcohol, drugs and also those who have become addicted. to restore hope to them, that they may begin a new life.
As the days go by and the number of tourists increases, Bah Mathew said that the shortcomings are also increasing and all these shortcomings have to be improved gradually.
The Mizoram Defense Minister said that the SP, Kolasib and the Executive Magistrate had met with the Assam police, but the Assam police had acted unfairly.
The people have longed for change and the only way to bring about change is through the All India Trinamool Congress”.
However, according to media reports, the BJP may not nominate a candidate from Shillong in the current election.
• To prohibit foreign investment aimed at converting Hindus to other religions.
However, the old ones are still there as usual, so the people of the area should not misunderstand, but it should only make it easier for the people.
Therefore, the Seng, which looks after the welfare of the villages, is pleased to learn that the Central Government through the Ministry of Roads Transport and Highways, Zone North East, has allocated a budget of T2 160 crore for the construction of RBBJ Road at a distance of 30 km from Rymbai and so on, and this was informed to the Secretary, Public Works Department (R&B) on 30th October
“I have completed three years of service, but whether I will continue or resign as President, it should be decided by the party leaders,” said Bah Mawrie in reply to BJP MLA Bah AL Hek said that he has no intention of removing Bah Mawrie as President of the BJP.
He said that this is after the government has conducted explanatory campaigns and to raise awareness among the people around the areas and villages.
Zeliang said that the NHIDCL is the constructor of the road and is not aware.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, one new case has been confirmed today while one case has recovered.
Speaking to media, Bah Pynshai said that these athletes who have not yet received the award are the leaders in kick boxing, muthai, arm wrestling, Jeet Kune Do and He added that the government's delay in releasing the prize money will prevent and discourage the children from participating in foreign competitions.
Shillong: The Daranggre Nokmas Welfare Association of Nongalbibra constituency in South Garo Hills today honored the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, for winning the coal ban battle of the National Green Tribunal. (NGT).
According to sources, a team of investigation from the MSPCB will visit the river on the 24th of this month.
They are also a duty and a responsibility, which we cannot escape.
According to sources, several youths who had covered their faces went to the Tyrso Market today and attacked the foreigners who were sitting in the market which also caused injuries.
“The Housing Department of the government has not implemented any scheme in the past years,” said the Sohra MLA.
The group also informed the Symbud Myntri that the cleaning of the road from Umtyngar to Saitsopen has not been completed properly. afternoon at all.
He is said to be a frequent traveler and has visited Qatar, Amsterdam, Istanbul and Doha in recent months.
Redeem Tlang played 10 matches and 351 minutes for the Gaurs in the 2020-2021 ISL season, scoring once.
Owners of horses are required to register their horses according to class rank at the Office of the Gymkhana Race Course, Shillong Club, Kachari Road, Shillong.
Not only that, but they also beat and slandered the longrynieng of the bapli.
Dr. Kylla also expressed his happiness that he has been selected to go to England for training, as he has a desire to improve as a doctor and especially in the field of knowledge of diseases that have been transmitted to England. spread to Mrad.
NOTE – 443.
When traveling to Nongstoiñ, the residents of these villages have to walk on the footpath constructed under the MNREGS scheme. because the road was broken.
A news release from the police department said that the group often targets to recruit youths from the poorer rural areas.
He said that as the owner of Riwar Mihngi, he is well aware of the problems faced by the people in terms of health care, education, income, unemployment of the youth and many other issues. for the benefit of the people of the area.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong said that Dr Mukul Sangma has mislead on Article 176 by accusing the office of the Speaker and the state government of saying that they have violated the Constitution of the country.
This award shows her contribution as a nurse and is a sign of her hard work to serve others,” said Kong Ampareen.
Shillong: U CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, today explained to the Leader of the KHADC, Bah Titosstarwel Chyne, that the KHDF has done many things for three months while the former EC has done many things. Under the leadership of Bah Chyne, the Presidential Order 1950 has passed a resolution to amend Part XI of the Presidential Order
The leaves of Nicotiana tabacum are used to make cigarettes, cigars, cheroot, beer, or tobacco and other uses.
The Central Government has sent the State-level action plan on drought and storms to the States and Union Territories, and 16 States and UTs have not yet prepared their action plan for this. .
The ceremony was also confirmed by a song by Samla Vicky Kharshiing and Momentos and other gifts were distributed by the Chief Guest and others who were present on the occasion.
Tyrna is one of the richest villages in the production of Sohñiamtra.
k) There are almost all government offices in the headquarters of Sohra Civil Sub-Division including hospitals, schools and colleges.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency and Minister of State as the chief guest.
If you don't have these rights, the police and the Government can't fight.
The residents of East Jaintia Hills District have been shocked by the opening of the Civil Hospital, Khliehriat.
Shillong, November 03: Mawtawar SC won the SSA 2nd Division Football League 2023 on Saturday while Laitlyngkot SC beat Nongkrem SC 2-0 it ended in a draw.
“Love yourself first and respect others” is a profound and meaningful phrase especially for the Khasi Khara as a nation – which needs to be thought about, questioned and developed according to the needs. that the most important thing for the nation is to survive and remain in the name or reputation here on earth.
A meeting was also held between the members of the Mawkynrew Cup and the Presidents of the 70 clubs regarding the 3rd Mawkynrew Cup.
V. Mayyanathan and others.
On the other hand, UIDAI falls under the jurisdiction of the Central Government.
The VPP MLA from North-Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, in the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly, has raised an issue which has shocked many residents. tuition fees in private as well as government-aided schools.
The HYC said that the failure of the police to block vehicles has led to the spread of smuggling in the border villages in India and Bangladesh.
What has the state government through the education department done, or has it just wanted to know whether those SSA, RTE schemes will work in the state without investigating and investigating how much they will help the people?
However, you also have to learn how to change so that the change does not affect you in other ways.
He said the Union will meet with the Minister in charge of Agriculture, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh to discuss the price of agricultural products and the Government should implement the Minimum Support. Price (MSP).
SM Sahai, Chief Conservator of Forest (Administrator) was the chief guest while HC Chaudhary, Chief Wildlife Warden, DFO Wildlife Division, Jaintia Heisa Lato was the chief guest. Raliang District Dolloi Chawas Lyngdoh, Rikut N Parien conducted the meeting along with the students.
The employees of the JHADC Staff Employees Association (JHADC) have decided to hold an indefinite strike which is still going on today.
“This is one of the reasons why the government has not been able to implement the dewbilat factory,” said the officials in charge of these leaders.
Jowai, Lber 14: The Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum (HBDRF) today strongly protested against the Chief Minister of Assam's decision to acquire Mukroh village which is still the entire land under West Jaintia Hills District. .
“The family members of this young man, at first they didn't want to do a post mortem, because they didn't suspect anyone and they were happy that the body was found, but the law doesn't. shah and also as the family of the woman wanted to have a post mortem, so they welcomed them all.
Dr Mukul said that the number of COVID-19 cases is higher than the government announces every day and as it is, the disease has spread to the rural areas and now it is impossible to know where they are. who is sick.
I remember Dr Donkupar asked me whether I wanted to be in the ruling party or the opposition, so I said to him because we have won only 8 seats, let us sit in the opposition. year.
It may be recalled that Jeskalur L.Mawdoh, who was driving a Max, which operates to carry passengers, robbed the vehicle of the Prime Minister on 9th June 2016 and was charged under Section 307 IPC. conspiracy to assassinate the prime minister; However, later, the Act was repealed and placed under Section 279 IPC for driving, 336 IPC for endangering life and 427 IPC for driving and destructive costing more than Rs.50 and above.
“We have not yet had a meeting or call to discuss whether to suspend or suspend the cooperation between the UDP and HSPDP as it is at this time under the banner of the Regional Democratic Alliance.
David Dkhar scored the first goal for Lumsliar in the 8th minute while Yoshar O. Mukhim scored the first goal for Risingsun Mukhla in the 24th minute.
He demanded that a High Level Inquiry should be set up to investigate the coal mining in Lum Jaintia and said that the incident which happened yesterday was unplanned and unprepared.
Teachers have been directed to visit the homes of these children before and after school hours and to enroll them in schools, he said.
In East Garo Hills, there are six cases including four high risk cases, one case from outside and one case from Williamnagar Bazaar cluster.
Speaking to media, the president of the Union, Marajune Myrsing, said, “We have decided to hold an indefinite strike until our demand is met.
This Project is specially allocated by the Government of India to reduce and promote income and economic development in all aspects in the North East Region to improve roads to deliver food items, to promote economy and boost the economy in this region.
Dr Raizada, who has been involved with the AAP from the beginning, said, “We believe that what is related to the political situation in Delhi should be changed immediately.
Perhaps the steadfastness of the VPP MLAs under the leadership of Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit is that they have tied and tied up the country, otherwise the nation will be thrown into the BJP. The RSS and the VHP are in India.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The Lady Hydari Park Cum Mini Zoo has earned only T.1 lakh per month from visitors.
Conrad said the Congress is convinced that it will never come to power again and therefore they have started alleging that the NPP will work with the BJP again. “The party has passed well from the University of fraudsters and they will continue to deceive the people of the country,” he said.
The report was submitted after Justice Katakey visited East Jaintia Hills and other areas.
There is a proverb that says, "Fire is an enemy and a good servant"
“The works have progressed and we have gone in the right direction, so we will see when we receive any information from the relevant department, we will take a decision regarding the setting dates and so on," he said.
JOWAI: A teacher from Jaintia Hills will receive the Teacher Innovation Award 2019 for her achievement in transforming the grounds of a school filled with pum pum and hands into a clean and tidy school by plant grass.
Meghalaya government officials have said that about 2 lakh tourists will visit the state in 2020 and 2021, due to the outbreak of Covid-19, which has affected the tourism industry. the world.
The Chief Minister of Telangana, UK Chandrashekhar Rao, on 24th June 2019, announced that the marks of those students who have passed the examination will be reviewed. failed.
Perhaps central to all is that any prayer must be clear, direct, and honest.
“Our job is to maintain peace and order and according to the information we receive we take steps to gain the trust of the people.
“There are groups in the North East who carry guns to demand justice but if we fight with guns and knives, we are fighting against the society,” he said.
Nongstoin, July 15: A temporary residence of the employees of BSC.C&C JV Road Construction Company at Mawphen Ring Village, SWKH, has been burnt down on Tuesday. unidentified robbers who came to descend on the area at 11 pm to commit the crime.
I mean, his voice is like a cry in the wilderness.
Union Minister in charge of Agriculture, Narendra Singh Tomar and Ministers in charge of Agriculture of more than 20 States and Union Territories attended the meeting. through the internet.
During the meeting, the party leaders and the MLA of the area, also expressed the concerns of the residents of the border area from Lejri, Lahaleiñ and Huroi villages, regarding the overcrowding. to the street.
“We congratulate and congratulate the football players, coaches and all those who have taken part in achieving this goal.
Thus the miracles of God can be seen through the Word of God in the Book of Exodus.
Shillong, July 12: Ka BJYM Meghalaya has criticized the state government for allowing four vehicles without paying any tax but the fare charged by the public is lower than that of commercial vehicles. do not pay taxes.
He said that Shallang Police have arrested the suspect from Sambalgre Williamnagar village and have registered a case against him C/No.27(7) Shillong, July 4: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today inaugurated the fourth Indian Panorama Film Festival at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
Heimonmi Dkhar scored the first goal for Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu in the 55th minute and Monlang Phawa in the 70+3rd minute.
“It is a pride that India's national defense capabilities have increased manifold to cover all areas including land, air and sea.
Khliehriat: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM-EJHD) in a statement issued by its President Brosenly Siangshai, urged the Meghalaya Government to take action against the corruption of The National Highway-6 is from Soomer to Malidor.
“We are now preparing to proceed with the filing of our appeal,” said a statement from MUDA. earlier.
It happens that you don't know what you're doing.
According to a complaint sent by the President of MCTA, Dr. (Ms) BH Buam, it was said that some officers of DHTE have ordered and verbally threatened some Principals and Teachers has retired, which is an unfair act and should be strongly condemned.
Mawphlang, March 23: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has invited the people of Hynniewtrep to come and take part in the Monolith Festival. which was dedicated to the preservation of the identity and culture of the Khasi.
The NITI Forum for the North East aims to identify various development challenges in the North East and to recommend measures to address the challenges. lapped.
After the incident, the Sector Magistrate of the Election Commission together with the Police went to Mawbah Lumphyrnai village to inspect the residence of Kong Antonette after she had lodged a complaint at Jhalupara Police Station.
Ma Kyrmen said that before the ban on coal mining, the district was rich in income and the residents when there were any works for development works in the villages to build village roads and The village halls have turned to the coal owners, but now even the work has turned to the government and development projects such as halls and others have been expected from the government.
He said that the PMGSY road is a project of the Central Government, so it makes no difference whether it is built by the Government of Meghalaya or the Government of Assam because the benefits are for the people of the border area.
Speaking to media, MLPSCTA President Birbor Rengtem said, “The teachers will give two months to the government to submit the report to us. I'm going to hold a protest by staying near the Prime Minister's house.
And it came to pass, when he had made ready a meat for his men, and for them that were eating, that they lifted up their voice, and said, Alas! man of God, there is death in the grave.
These schemes include Pandit Deen Dayal Upadhyaya-Gram eenKaushalya Yojana (DDU-GKY) through the Ministry of Rural Development, Government of India, Skill Development under State Planning, Supporting Human Capital Development funded through ASEAN. Development Bank, Employment through Skill Training & Placement (EST&P) and Pradhan Mantri Kaushal Vikas Yojana (PMKVY).
Besides this Assam government school, there is another private school with about 50 students from Noapara village alone, excluding other neighboring villages.
Not only that, the AJYWO has also demanded that the DC of EJHD should not issue PRC or Domicile Certificate to the Nepalis of Umthe who apply for such certificates from the DC's office. They brought a Permanent Residential Certificate from the Nepali Rangbah Shnong of Umthe.
According to police sources, the husband of the woman, Stewell Rongrin, 28, who had temporarily separated from the woman on the 16th of this month, has died. This month, he went to the village of his wife with weapons such as a nar rod and a tari, and threatened to burn down the house of the woman.
On this occasion, all the students, teachers and the Principal of the school were present.
Open health care centers in a Christian manner, and other necessary means, which can demonstrate that Christian love of God.
The training will be inaugurated by Bah Gideon Kharkongor, Honorary Secretary of the MCA as the chief guest and Naba Bhattacharjee, Member of the BCCI will be the special guest.
In order to begin to draw a line on the above subject, we shall start from the time when the French ruled the Khadar in these hills and valleys of the Khasi country as well as the nation.
“Compared to Manipur where the population is low but compared to the number of schools in our state, our state is more than 300,000. Education in the state is a very difficult department to manage not only because of the large number of schools but also because of the large number of teachers,” he said.
Referring to the attempt to re-establish the GNLA in Garo Hills, the Minister said three persons have been arrested and police are searching for three more. to him.
The arrested were identified as Pynskhem Pamshong, 23, Kishan Mawphniang, 22, Richard Laloo, 20, one 18 and one
Among the 13 candidates released today are two former MLAs, Bah Pynshai M Syiem from Mawphlang-Diengiei and Bah Process T Sawkmie from Mawlai.
The Adventure Tour Operators Association of India has awarded the Spirit of Adventure, Sustainability Champion, Trailblazer Award and Pathfinder Award to individuals who have contributed to the development of tourism in various categories. for new buildings and the Lifetime Achievement Award.
“We have held about 100 meetings with schools, police and parents on this issue, but it is clear that there is a problem,” he said. to over a thousand sorbets for this purpose.
All the residents of Nongjri who live outside the Nongjri Elaka are requested to attend this meeting so that this meeting will be a success.
On the other hand, Bah Banteidor, who has announced that he has been offered Rs 5 crore to contest from the NPP, has congratulated the MLAs for leaving the party. I don't know what you're talking about.
She said that Wanboklang was 20 years old on November 16, 2023, but disappeared from home on November 20,
Shillong, June 20: Lawmei village, Sohiong Constituency, has been without electricity for four days now due to the collapse of three electrical poles in the village. , which happened last Saturday evening.
The EIA 2020, or Environmental Impact Assessment, is an environmental law of the Government of India to assess the environmental impact of India under the EIA
The Word of God warns us to be saved by saying:i).
At the same time, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) also met with the MeECL management led by Ostarnic Marbaniang and Iashanborlang Mukhim. The members demanded that the MeECL authorities should reject the applications of these people who live in Iewmawlong.
Other than that they get nothing.
Another arrested person was identified as Manab Jyoti Konwar, 25, of Nagaon district.
However, this way of thinking through this legislation will bring trouble to the BJP in Meghalaya as many people see the development and progress of Assam as a step beyond the traditional cultures of the people.
As of November 2020, about 7 crore households have joined to set up 63 Self Help Groups (SHGs) under this National Mission.
Only 10 days after the candidates won the victory in their various constituencies with the strong support of the people, it is now the turn of them to fight for the victory to form the government with the support of the people. The authority of the leaders elected by the people and to decide how to form a government, led by the ethnic parties or led by the NPP? The National People's Party (NPP) has decided to form a new government in Meghalaya. or the United Democratic Party (UDP).
The arrested are identified as M. Tuanbiaklian Guite (32) of Churachandpur, Manipur, Imliakum Longkumer (40) of Dimapur, Nagaland and Jhangir Alom (34) of Lakhipur, Goalpara. , Assam.
The two-day tournament was held at Umsning with the participation of athletes from six districts of the state.
“As of now, I don't want to join the party but we will see in the coming days,” he said.
The CAG report alleged that MeECL purchased electricity from GEPL at T.4.75 per unit between November 2012 and October 2013 and purchased electricity from the same company at T. unit from November 2013 to April 2013 and the company has received about T.13.76 crore through this soskular with MeECL. The CAG has informed the State Government on this matter and now you are still waiting for the answer.
The Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday donated T.25 crore to the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) for the construction of the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
Remember that the earth is not a paradise, that the police of the human heart will disappear.
Shillong, June 13: The Cabinet meeting today approved the Amendment Ordinance of the Meghalaya Parliamentary Secretaries.
We should also not trust or give authority to just one person.
When he did so, he took many forms, just as he had gone in Eden in the form of a serpent.
“The Congress is a party that is now in the ICU and I don't know what will happen to it.
We don't want to destroy the environment by mining mineral resources such as coal and oil.
It is also learned that the Shelter Home is a place for illegal activities and it is so dirty that no one from the Shillong Municipal Board is looking after it.
Not only that, the Pynursla market, which used to be filled with sohniamtra during the rainy season in previous years, is now slowly declining due to the lack of sohniamtra.
Walton said that the KSU has recruited 10 members from 375 Khasi villages in the Barak Valley.
He said that as it is clear now, the legislators want to protect the customs and traditions and the 6th Schedule has no way to enhance the Constitution of India unless it is clearly written in them. 21 paragraphs, although Para 12A and Para 12 A (b) protect the right.
Regarding the PHC, it was learned that since the past few years, the government has been preparing to upgrade the PHC to a CHC. Nongpoh, Naitung: The government has already allocated funds for the construction of the CHC. Nongpoh, Naitung 21: Samla Mehul Lakhani, one of the youths from Madhya Pradesh and a retired teacher to fulfill his dream, Samla Mehul Lakhani has achieved 18 teachers in just 2 years. He said that the states of India have been cycling on his desire to bring about change in India which is to promote the health of the people of India.
Regarding the holding of Dorbar Shnongs, the Government has allowed 75% participation and the Government has allowed to hold various programs including fetes, fishing competitions or any other programmes. that used to raise money in the villages.
When asked whether he intends to join political parties, MH Dkhar said that he cannot say anything yet and he will work as much as he can for the good of the society. .
People vote if they see we're doing the right thing," he said.
Looking at these creations of the Creator here on earth, it is very pleasant to agree with the writings in the book of Genesis of the Bible which says “It was very good”.
“This proposal to dam the Umngot River in Moosakhia will affect the upstream areas and the people living inside the Umngot River,” said the Dolloi.
The measures to protect the rights of the Hima and the children of the thousands are through these Acts and Rules passed by the District Council and approved by the State Government.
In another incident, robbers have stolen a motorcycle ML-05N-0050 belonging to Md. Sahid Ahmed of Lower Lumparing, Shillong.
Four candidates have applied for tickets from the party and they are Fenela L Nonglait, Doffely L Nonglait who are the relatives of Maieid Hoping. LG Nongsiej and Mr. Daiostar Jyndiang, the driver of Hoping.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai will hold a Mass Cleaning Drive from Liar Mookdiang to Pohkhyllem on the 10th of June.
The founders of this village are the Khadar tylli kurs, they are:
For example, the Assam State Transport Corporation is a well operating company where even private vehicles operate to carry passengers under the ASTC and this has greatly benefited the Assam government.
The incident occurred while she was conducting a screening of the athletes during the National Games in Gujarat from November to March.
The family members of the deceased have lodged a complaint at Lumdiengjri Police Station at 3am.
In a letter to the authorities of Kolashib district of Mizoram, Keerthi Jalli, Deputy Commissioner, Cachar, said that the crossing of the border at Kulicherra will not disrupt the peace and order in the area.
They said that when the government invited them to study, it said that they should not be less than 17 years old and not more than 35 years old. light,it was as if they had been dressed.
After a while of protest by the youths, the DC has invited some of the youths into his office to explain the order which he has issued. and informed many Seng groups in the District.
On the other hand, the Minister said that he will talk to the Prime Minister on this issue.
Wanbor Langshiang scored two goals in the fourth minute and in the 40th minute for Pdengkarong and his teammate Kindness Mukhim scored two goals in the minute. 17th and 77th games.
In a raid, 04 Bn & 172 Bn BSF Meghalaya seized clothes worth T.20 lakh from the border area of ​​East Khasi Hills and East Jaintia Hills. I don't want to go to Bangladesh.
Last Saturday morning I visited Wah ñiangleng village which is located 12 mer near Mylliem but this village falls under the Sohra constituency.
“You have seen what happened in Sri Lanka, the whole reason is that they have forgotten all these things because the government has found a night to turn only to those who benefit them,” he said.
It has opened up corruption and increased selfishness.
Destroy such people because they are enemies of the state and the citizens.
Star said that the issues of the 2023 elections will be to urge the state government to improve the spelling of the Khasi language, which will be followed by all when writing.
Shillong, July 08: After the destruction of a Catholic church in Chattisgarh last month, another incident of crosses falling on the Catholic cemetery in Maharsahtra has occurred. again on Saturday this month.
Rice and dai were distributed to 40 poor households in Sohphoh.
“Bishnu N Sangma has taken the land without the knowledge or authorization of the Hima and on the 3rd of this month, he has cut down all the trees,” said Bah Michael.
The RBYF also announced that these two persons are no longer full members of the RBYF from today and can no longer claim to be members of the RBYF. Go to government offices or to the public, said the leaders.
Shillong: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has changed the polling date in Mizoram from the 3rd to the 3rd of this month. , November 4, 2023.
He said that when he reached the ground floor of the school, the fire broke out and without delay, the water supply started from three parts.
“It also gives an opportunity to our youth to prove their skills and abilities.
The central theme is “Soil and Water: A Source of Life”.
The ancestors have laid the foundations to be a nation that knows man, knows God, knows family, knows family and knows customs, in order to preserve the spirit of being a Khasi nation.
He said that the UCC's impact on the customs and traditions also affects the Autonomous District Councils as they are the custodians of the customs and traditions. The District Council has no other opinion.
Therefore, in order to curb drugs, I urge the village leaders, youth organizations to work together with the Police, so that this plan of the Police to curb drugs will succeed, he added. .
Shillong, July 15: The Hills Farmer's Union on Tuesday met with the Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui to urge the government to support or to open up opportunities for the children of farmers to take various competitive exams.
Savio said he will complete his doctorate when he reaches the age of 45 as he still wants to turn to public service.
It may be recalled that Bah Gabriel Wahlang and the Congress Nongstoin in the 2018 MLA election, lost only 60 votes to the incumbent NPP MLA, that too through ballot papers.
Shillong, Jymmang 4 : A woman has died while three men have been seriously injured when a Bolero collided with a truck in Rari, North Garo Hills this morning. It's God's Day.
He said earlier that this day was known as World Brotherhood Day for men and Thinking Day for women and was known as Thinking Day and Founder's Day.
Icydora Nongrum, Principal of the school, expressed her gratitude to the CBC, Shillong for organizing the exhibition and said that this will help to educate the people, especially the students, about self-esteem. great of the Freedom Fighters for the country.
The event witnessed the participation of media personalities, health workers, and community leaders, and all came together to support the to conduct the Intensified Mission Indradhanush
Taking into account the challenges faced by the residents in the state, the State Government has started implementing programs to encourage self-employment and to provide training to develop skills.
By Collin Wanñiang During the District Council Dorbar, there were many issues raised in the discussion that affected the welfare of the Jaitbynriew.
The South West Khasi Hills District Volleyball Association (SAVA) today congratulated the Volleyball Players of the District on the 11th July 2024 today. The Meghalaya Games will be held in Tura.
Speaking to reporters, Bah James Lyngdoh said that the reason why the TMC in the state has decided to participate in the protest is two places, one in Maikhuli and the other in Maikhuli. The protest was held in Malangkona, in support of the protest in Delhi, who went to hold the protest, for the benefit of the people in the state as a whole.
If the power of the radio station in Shillong is only 10 kilos, even if it can be heard only in a distance of 50 or 100 miles, the people of Shillong will be happy to listen to themselves, without thinking of others. and the people of the land shall be destroyed.
The office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District has released T.4 lakh to the family of the victim.
In the previous tender, seven companies participated including Emergent Global Services, Kubera Solutions Pvt Ltd, Pashupatinath Distributors Pvt Ltd (PDPL), Ziquitza Healthcare Pvt Ltd, Medulance Healthcare Pvt Ltd, Jai Ambe. Roadline Pvt Ltd and Kria Healthcare Pvt Ltd.
The use of goods and services in the Khasi thought is based on the use of goods and services in the Khasi society.
“Even if there is this order, the DC's office has not issued ST Certificate to those who take the jait of their father,” said Bah Khongjee. In this regard, the party has not submitted a complaint to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
Regarding the allegation by political parties and civil society that the new Office Memorandum on the Reservation Roster issued on July 14 is full of confusion and it is not clear that the Roster will be implemented by She said that a committee has already been set up to implement the Roster.
“My statement on not wearing masks is against the law,” he wrote on Twitter.
A Longkmie who used to sell clothes at auction along the road said that she used to sell well during Christmas, but now it is not so since the ethnic conflict in the city and the state. whole.
Dr Kharlukhi received 39 votes, Congress candidate Kennedy Khyriem received 19 votes and another vote was rejected.
As per a statement released by officials of the investigation team, the assets were seized by a special NIA court in Jammu under the operation of Section 33 (1) of the UA( Q) Act.
That is why Jesus told the Pharisees.
Despite the ban by the state and central governments, the production of plastic bags and SUPs continues to be used in the markets in Kerala.
Besides, despite the efforts of some students to seek clarification from the authorities, this has not been successful.
Shillong, March 23: “I won the last election from the 13th Zigzag, on the issues of anti-corruption in the government of Mukul Sangma, the breakdown of law and order in Garo Hills,” said U.S. Bhupendra Hajong, one of the newly elected MDCs of the BJP, told this reporter.
“Such unfounded allegations are unfounded.
In response to the announcement to join the National Democratic Alliance (NDA), former Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu on Tuesday said he would speak to the National Assembly. related to this section when the time comes.
In a tweet, Singh expressed his deep sorrow over the incident and said, “I am filled with anger when this tragic incident happened in Poonch District (J&K), where Indian Army troops have lost their brave soldiers after a truck caught fire.
Shillong, March 10: On the Marten highway leading to Mylliem, it was found that there was a pile of garbage dumped there. place.
Because the time of Israel's scattering throughout the earth was over.
Everyone is urged to cooperate and observe social distancing and to protect their faces by wearing masks.
On the other hand, Prasad urged the drivers to be careful while driving and not to overdrive on the busy roads of Shillong.
It should have stopped all these illegal activities but it has not done anything, but it has done nothing about the killing of Rohingya citizens.
Rakkam said the state government and NEHU have already talked to the principals and college authorities to ensure that the implementation of the NEP will go smoothly.
On the same day, private and military aircraft were sent to Mahdia, about 200 kilometers south of Georgetown, as the area was severely affected by the heavy rains.
He said that regarding the foreigners in the area, the party will not rest, but will continue to check the documents and if it finds that they cannot provide, the party will do what is necessary.
The gold medal winners for Arunachal were Adit Tulang (junior boys individual poomsae), Khinsan Wangsu (junior girls individual poomsae) and Radha Bangsia (senior girls individual poomsae).
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Secretary of the Seng, Bah G Swett, said that in this time of Covid 19, it will be dangerous if there is such a smuggling of cows to Bangladesh.
According to him, the requirement for a fire truck has been included in the proposal.
Aditya Goenka has also been transferred from the post of Superintendent of Police (CID) Meghalaya and appointed as Superintendent of Police (F&ES) Meghalaya.
This incident happened after the death of Bah Paulus Warlarpih, who passed away on 11th July 2019. Since the death of this Rangbah Shnong, the Nepalis living in the area. They tried to take over the administration of the village, with the intention of appointing a Nepali Rangbah Shnong.
According to reports based on the findings of the Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR), which monitors the increase in the income of Chief Ministers (CMs) across the country, Pema Khandu of Arunachal Pradesh is the richest CM in the North East.
“The state government has worked with the people to allow the signage to be erected on the borders in those areas which have not been completed due to the opposition from the residents,” he said.
Shillong: KSU Lumshnong Unit together with the youth of Lumshnong Village today celebrated the World Environment Day. 50 trees from the KSU and 200 trees from the youth of the village were planted as part of the preservation of the environment. also serve as a lesson to others that there is a real need to improve the environment.
With this victory, Nigeria now has three points.
The Dorbar Shnong, Mawkhar has warned that it will not allow any criminals, robbers and exploiters to commit any crime within the boundary of the Dorbar Shnong. The residents of the village should be vigilant, cautious and thoughtful not to allow such people to commit any crime within the village.
Mukul was also present on the occasion, Minister of State for Home Affairs Roshan Warjri, Chief Whip of Government RV Lyngdoh, Parliamentary Secretary and MLA Kennedy Khyriem. MDC L Blah, Chief Secretary PBO Warjri, Deputy Commissioner Sanjay Goyal and other dignitaries.
When asked about the replacement of Ministers in the UDP, Metbah said that there are currently two Ministers from the UDP, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and Bah Kyrmen Shylla and there has been no discussion on the replacement of Ministers. in the world it is not so.
The biggest problem faced by them is the inability of the department to pay the milk fee which has been suspended for five or seven years.
The theme of the celebration was “Role of Cooperative Marketing in India: A Five Trillion Dollar Economy and Sustainable Development Goals”.
He also announced that the march will start from 12 noon and urged all members of the Seng Bhalang to arrive at Jaiaw Taxi Stand in Motphran from 10 pm. I don't have a meeting before I go to the public.
Contract only those who know you well.
A Delhi court today granted bail to RJD leader Lalu Prasad Yadav, his wife and former Bihar Chief Minister Rabri Devi and their daughter Misa Bharti. regarding the allegation that they were involved in corruption arising from the acquisition of land from the auction and the job awarded to the applicants.
Why do young people lose their lives and end up in destruction, the question arises.
You are not faithful to your work.
Replying to a question by Mawlai MLA Embhahlang Syiemlieh in the House today on the issue of MUDA outside the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB), Ampareen said the government will allow it to look into the issue. MUDA only the land within 50 sq km out of 173 sq km of the Shillong Master Plan and 123 sq km will be handed over to one department.
“As it is now, even in Garo Hills, there are many of our Khasi brothers and sisters who have married Garo, but until now no one has come forward to challenge the village affairs or to “It's a good idea to fight for the post of Village Leader, because they respect the Garo customs and traditions,” said Bah PB Sylliang.
Nongstoin, November 10: Two employees of the Soil Department in Aradonga, Mohesh War Das, Mali of the office and Nirench Kalita, Master Roll, have been arrested. The same office, which has been abducted by the gangs since 1st November, has escaped from the hands of the gangs.
Speaking on the reports of various agencies, he said, “It is pleasant and encouraging because Meghalaya is the poorest state.
"This second collection of songs, entitled 'KLIAR' which contains one song, proves that the song and siaw in Khasiland is well developed, therefore, it is necessary to give the best to promote it. an.
The residents have suffered severe snowfall especially during the rainy season and during the dry season they have to breathe through the terrible earthquake.
Nongpoh: A severe landslide has occurred on the NH-6 at Sohbhala, Umsning in Ri Bhoi district.
After the match, the winner of Niaw Wasa United received a cash prize of T.50,000 while Ladthadlaboh received a cash prize of T.30,0 (thirty thousand rupees) with a trophy.
“I have received a letter from these people that they want to go to court...they are challenging the order of the court,” she said.
In fact, Langsning beat Chennaiyin at home last month.
Wanphrang Gassah, on the other hand, as the chief guest, congratulated this young woman and hoped that she will return with the glory of the State and the country.
The General Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Sengkmie, Donald V. Thabah, on Tuesday said that the report of the investigation into the shooting death of Bah Ronningstar Nongkynrih should be punished and imprisoned for life. BSF involved in this illegal activity.
Without turning around, she wants power, she wants honor, she steals money, she cheats, she uses power, she despises the poor and so on.
It is alleged that the treasurer of the church, who has held the post since 2009, was involved in a meeting with the chowkidar of Mission Compound, Bah Alfas Bareh. .
From the BJP, AL Hek and Samlin Malngiang were not sworn in as Cabinet Ministers.
Regarding the government's call for a meeting of all political parties and rulers to seek their views on the proposed amendment to the 6th Schedule, Adelbert expressed his surprise that the MDCs of KHADC have not been invited. The proposal to amend the 6th Schedule is the subject of the District Council, I am surprised that we MDCs have not been called for a meeting,” said the CEM. On the proposal to amend the 6th Schedule, it differs from the one sent by the District Council.
Bethcy Merry Toi, Labor Inspector West Jaintia Hills District, gave a monthly explanation on various schemes of the government including e-Shram, where the day laborers can get assistance in case of any disaster. the days to come.
The seizure of the drugs was made by the ANTF Khliehriat and Ladrymbai Police with the assistance of the West Jaintia Hills Police.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the driver of the truck said that the truck was carrying about 520 byrni of cement which weighed 25 tonnes. the bridge shall be destroyed.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawhati together with the elders of the area, today met with the EE of PWD Umsning Division. He should take action against the quarrying of stones along the road and above the road which has caused danger to the passengers using the Umsning-Jagiroad road.
Kindness Mukhim scored the first goal in the 68th minute.
Looking back on the three days of this festival, I thank you once a year, as the days go by, the appearance of the tree, the nature of this festival changes, because it is in such a festival. Therefore, that the pure and bright tradition of the Khasi people, has indeed come to appear in this dance, because when a woman steps into the lympung, she comes in a pure longrynieng. while the man, dressed in clean clothes, fulfills his role as a farmer and a caretaker of himself, his family and his family. hima, you country you country.
Union of India.
He said that the State Government has now allocated up to Rs 2000 crore for literacy and this is the highest expenditure of all the departments of the Government.
This has also happened in Rajasthan, where the BJP has used Modi because of the lack of attention of the BJP leaders in the state.
He admitted that the departure of Bah Embhah will affect him as his brother, who is the President of Shillong City Youth Wing, has left with his brother and close friends.
Although last year they only had about 700 participants, this year they had more participants this time.
On the 19th March, 2020, four Rangbah Kur including President Bah DL Warjri, Bah Saiñpynïar, Sunshine Warjri together with Bah Rudy Warjri and Bah Raphael Warjri visited the Kur. for the welfare of the family along with the contribution, urges and blesses them to be well.
He said the allegation by the Congress party is due to the sudden arrival of the mid-term elections, where the Congress does not have an agenda to allege against the MDA government as the Congress party has nothing to do. that they should go to the people.
The court in its order on July 3 this year ordered the SP and IO to appear before the court to submit the report of the investigation into the case.
Shillong, Nailur 18 : The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India (CAG) has found that there are many shortcomings in the implementation of the Chief Minister's Social Assistance Scheme (CMSAS). The Social Welfare Department and CDPOs have not released the funds to the beneficiaries. The payment method to the beneficiaries is also by bearer checks. deserve to receive it too.
It was also during the reign of Syiem Suba Singh that Thomas Jones began his missionary work and the Sohra Hima gave land to the Welsh Mission at Nongsawlia.
After the investigation, the Seng found that the reason is due to corruption within the JHADC, which is very serious and it was found that the EC led by T Shiwat has misused about 5.78 percent of the money. Cr there.
The new office bearers were announced by the National Observer, Goa State President Roopa Nair and D Chakraborty, Presiding Officer, State Secretary, Meghalaya.
Referring to the MRD candidate from the Congress, Singh suggested that Rahul Gandhi, who is also the Vice President of the Congress party, should take over the post.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 06: Six Nigerians have been arrested by the Ri Bhoi Police on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a man in Mumbai city.
Here, I will give T.1000 to the woman of each family”.
Deputy Director General (Programme) of All India Radio, Shillong, Ms. N. Shadap welcomed the guests and Bah Arkin Pariat, Assistant Director, North Eastern Service of All India Radio, Shillong, welcomed the guests.
“On the part of the Sur Ka Bri U Hynniewtrep, we want to have a clean Khadar rule, in which this is the sur of the Bri U Hynniewtrep, the sur of the Khasi Hills.
If others had the opportunity like him, the future would surely be bright,” said the father sadly as he entered the bedroom.
Of course, without discrimination, Mairang also has the right to be promoted to district, but before that, Sohra should have come first.
Donkupar Sumer also sent a letter to the CEM to express his support for the PDF under the leadership of Pynshngaiñ until the end of the term of the Executive Committee.
He said that the farmers from Mooshrot have been temporarily ordered to stop the expansion of their farmland to facilitate the staff of the office to survey the forest. Mooshrot cannot grow land or plant trees in this forest of Saba.
Speaking on the occasion, the DC said that the NBCC has already paid all the fees, so it cannot pay twice for the same land.
The discovery at this time has surprised US officials about the involvement of Egypt and Russia behind the scenes, with the intention of supporting Russia's invasion. against Ukraine and which is extremely illegal.
He said that the company has been repairing the bridge for more than six months, but it has left without completing the cleaning.
Nongpoh: The Additional District Magistrate, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh, today announced that anyone who witnessed the incident, which happened on the 9th of this month at the competition ground, khwai Dohkha ha Nongbah Myrdon, to please meet her, in order to tell about the incident which happened on that day.
When asked whether he will continue to work for the strengthening of the UDP and to fully support the UDP candidate, Bah Eugeneson said, “I am still a member of the party and I will continue to work hard for the party. for the party.
The HYC leaders also demanded that the state government should cancel the MOU signed between the Chief Minister and the Chief Minister of Assam together with the Minister of Labour. The Government of India has said that even the Constitution of the country has not been amended and there will be no problem to amend the MoU which has already been signed on the border issue of Meghalaya. “It is unfortunate that many of the land rights of Meghalaya have gone to Assam due to the lack of proper hearing before taking a final decision,” said the HYC. Shillong, Nailar : The Mawlai Pyllun Youth Association on the 26th of this month held a one day training program for children and youth on the topic “Drugs Avoidance, Sex Education, Life Skills” held at NEHU Convocation Hall. .
The states that do not accept the cuet are the ones that are still behind.
Ahead of the Assembly elections in Mizoram, a joint team between the Assam Rifles and Mizoram Police for the implementation of a thorough inspection and patrolling around the area has seized many weapons of war and destruction.
Kumar said the previous fish market was a success with a high demand for fish and up to 5 metric tonnes of fish produced from the state was sold.
The Hynniewtrep Idol Season 3 of the Khasi Song Contest 2023 has come to an end on the evening of 15th June 2023 at the final match held in Tirot. Sing Memorial Hall is located in Mairang.
Out of the 10 months of sugarcane, the price of sugarcane for the month of July has been T.9 tyngka per kilo while the price of sugarcane for the remaining months has been T.3 tyngka per kilo.
He said that between June and June 2023, the pipelines connecting the toilets of these illegal coal mining factories have been demolished and to ensure that they can no longer operate.
Shillong, November 1: The people of nine constituencies, 6 in KHADC and 1 in JHADC, have only two months to decide who will elect 7 out of 33 candidates. MDC elections for the 7th constituency.
It is sad to see that the Opposition has raised this issue and it is clear that there is still a need for consultation with various groups,” he said.
Pasqualina Lamare explained about the project, Aitilut Kyndait spoke about the Prime Hub and Dakaipaia Bareh spoke about the Behavior Change Management on COVID-1
The JSM has demanded the immediate completion of the three residential schools in Shangpung, Amlarem and Sabah Musniang as well as the construction of the Pine Mount International School in Wahiajer. , Engineering College at Thamuthlong and Science College at Mustem.
According to information received from the police, the fire started from the market and spread to other shops.
Some of the differences between the two candidates are that Bah Ardent agrees with the rule that one person should hold only one post and has resigned from the post of MDC while Bah Pynshngaiñ. but he strongly opposed the law and fought a lawsuit and won.
Of this, 4.5 million is the inflow of foreigners into China and the rest is the outflow of Chinese outside the country.
Delhi Environment Minister Gopal Rai has said that it is now necessary to play loud music and has directed the officials of the Environment Department to go to the farmland to see for yourself the damage.
:The Meghalaya Government has continued its efforts for the development of rural areas where the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma has distributed funds under the FOCUS+ scheme at Jengjal, West Garo Hills. District, which has the largest distribution of Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) funds in Meghalaya, to ensure economic growth and sustainable income generation.
Therefore, the union expresses its disapproval of this allocation and exchange of land.
In addition, in all cultures of the world, Children are closer to the mother.
Nongpoh: The state government has not taken action to deliver development works to the Khasi villages on the Meghalaya-Assam border. It has been a golden opportunity for the Assam government to cross the border by delivering development works to these villages.
but heaven is not yours.
The deaths of these three persons occurred on Friday, Tuesday and Saturday.
Cristiano Ronaldo has been suspended for one game for allegedly showing off his finger after Al Nassr's 3-2 win over Al Shabab, the Disciplinary and Ethics Committee of the the Saudi Football Federation (SAFF) on Tuesday.
Shillong: The Hawkers Association (Hawkers Association) together with the Thma U Rangli (TUR) today met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, to allow the hawkers to sell land around Shillong and surrounding areas.
Her parents sent her to St Joseph's Secondary School in Hamirpur, Orisa (present-day Odisha).
The Greenergy Lions beat Pay For Right Flying Squirrels (Shillong Eastern) 3-1 in the U-11 category, while in the U-12 category, they beat the Scorpions 5-1 -0.
During the meeting through a petition, she was able to give her opinion to the university authorities regarding the plans to conduct the examinations.
What is this way of thinking? he said.
"I think it's going to take time to improve this project," he said.
“Government employees in India are only one in 164 while in Meghalaya they are one in 40 citizens.
Leaders of Wahiajer District, Pastors and Elders were present.
In the tie breaker, Umrynjah won 3-2 to qualify for the final.
It is also necessary for the village leaders to monitor the influx of foreigners in their villages by taking all the detailed information about them whether they are from the village where they live. come, the confirmation from the Rangbah Shnong of that village so that it will be safe in case of any incident.
“We are happy to know that Bansara Eye Care is a hospital for eye patients and we are happy that we will get treatment from this hospital if we take action,” she added.
Besides the damage to the stadium, the government has also arranged to smuggle them into Bangladesh.
He also spoke about the problems in dealing with government employees especially teachers in the past years who have had to sleep on the streets and demand their rights.
They are now in police custody and the investigation is ongoing.
The User Department shall send it back to the Parliamentary Affairs of the Assembly and the Parliamentary Affairs after approval shall sit before the Departmental Sanctioning Committee.
Shillong, November 11: The Indian Catholic Youth Movement (ICYM) Shillong Archdiocese will hold a Christmas Concert on the 14th of this month at Laitumkhrah Church, Shillong, at 4:30 pm.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Film Makers Association (MPA) today celebrated its 12th Anniversary at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong. , filmmakers and others involved in the film industry where Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare Minister of State was the chief guest and Bah Titos Chyne CEM of KHADC was the guest of honour. invite special please.
Lurshai, Lur, and Lur stepped.
There are dozens of countries that have used the AstraZeneca vaccine last October, or that have recommended the use of the vaccine by older people.
Wasan wow you're waiting in the ryngkhi E wyrta Chula tymbut luti.
When inquired, the Head of Police said that during the investigation into these illegal coke factories, it was found that many of the Khasi who registered for foreigners to set up illegal coke factories are from the Nongrum clan and Everyone.
My colleagues and all my fellow leaders have also been quick to help explain to the people through mobile phones.
He said that there are roads in the villages which have been implemented under the 100 days scheme.
Speaking to SP News Agency at Civil Hospital Shillong, he said that the incident happened on the 14th of this month at 7 pm and a complaint was lodged with the Ranikor police station. They were sent to Ranikor PHC for treatment of their right hand which was injured in the bomb blast on the same day. Sengran T Sangma, Tochang M Marak, Tengku M Marak and Swinson T Sangma are all from Gillagora.
He said that the Soil and Water Conservation Department has allocated more than Rs 1 crore to build a restaurant at this place, so that the residents of this camp can easily eat.
“The government has wasted up to T.20 crore of public money per annum and says there is no money,” said the NPP. to hand over to CBI for investigation.
This incident seems to have turned into a political game on the issue of employment.
Lapangap and Khanduli did not find anything to eat in Assam.
Many former leaders of other political parties have come to join and support the NPP candidate Stephanson Mukhim in the 2023 election.
Police also seized the vehicle in which the RJD leader was abducted.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 27: When asked whether the government will complete the 35 kilometer road from Nongstoin to Maweit, Bah Gigur Myrthong MLA Mawshynrut, said that the road from Nongstoiñ to Maweit has been completed. It depends on the wisdom of the people of Maweit and if they allow him to come back to power.
Before the end of the first half, Dkhiah West had another chance to score through a corner-kick.
According to the information of the union, this road was constructed under the project funded by MORT&H, Central Fund (CRF) under the Project Improvement Including Metalling & Black Topping of Dawki-Muktapur Road (L=10Km) for the JOB NO.CRF/MG/MG/2018-19/062 (JOB NO.CRF/MG/2018-19/062) has been supervised by the department of SDO PWD, Amlarem. The road was completed and after a while the road started to collapse according to the witnesses of the residents of the area.
He said that at present the people are worried because they have to stand in line for many hours to exchange money and deposit but after a few days, this problem can be solved.
Justice Yaqoob Mir holds an LLB from Kashmir University and worked as a lawyer from 1981 to 1993. He became a District and Session Judge in
MSSASA also alleged in the petition that the State Government has not released the arrear to the SSA teachers from 1st November, 2016 to 28th June, 2017 for the year 2016- 17 even after the Seng has sent several letters to the relevant authorities of the Ministry of Education and to the Minister of Education and also to the Prime Minister requesting for the release of their arrears. Furthermore, the Seng said that after sending many letters and meetings with the Government from time to time, it ended only in discussions. Legal Notice to the State Government on 20th June, 2019 to demand the immediate release of the Arrear for the year 2016-1 the Seng to release the arrear is appropriate.
These farmers who have insured from Myriaw and Mairang can now proudly say, “My Policy is in My Hands.
In West Khasi Hills, there is only one vote for these three candidates, and in Ri-Bhoi, there is also a vote.
Henford Nongneng scored in the 69th minute and Gladdy Kharbuli in the 81st minute.
Khliehriat, June 18: Members of the Meghalaya People's United Front (MPLF) East Jaintia Hills District, under the leadership of Bah Kyrshan Blah, today visited Sonapyrdi area to find that there is still heavy traffic jam. The union urges the Meghalaya government and the National Highway Authority of India to take immediate action to resolve this issue.
HPL is a Chinese company.
It is learned that the patient has been treated by herbalists for the past two years and she came to the hospital last month and was cured on Tuesday.
Other speakers on the occasion included the Deputy Commissioner, Bah W. Nongsiej and the District Transport Officer, Bah W. Makdoh.
If it helps, continue right ahead to fully implement.
The General Secretary of TULBA Central Body, Bah Rikyrshan Nongrum, blessed the family to accept with gratitude their small donations and believe that they will use them properly for the benefit of the children. the need of the family.
These amazing small birds found only in parts of Myanmar, Thailand and China are known as the Tawny Breasted Wren Babbler.
The election of MDCs by the people every five years has been a destruction for the political reasons of various parties.
The demand now is for the MDA 2 government to expedite the border settlement process, as Assam has always shown its power since ancient times”.
Mimi Ramchang of Arunachal Pradesh and Bina Shaki Pukhrihungbam of Manipur won the bronze medal.
In addition, it was also decided to select some skilled teachers who have been dedicated to the development of their culture for the purpose of appointment as teachers to be recognized by the Central Government with awards according to their outstanding achievements. of those who are wise.
East Khasi Hills District is the fastest growing district in terms of population followed by West Garo Hills.
Therefore, the PWD department should build adequate footpaths for the convenience of the residents.
It is from this evil that they have a spirit of courage, a spirit of compassion, a spirit of goodness, a spirit of helpfulness, a spirit of compassion, a spirit of forgiveness, a spirit of repentance, and a spirit of refraining from doing such evil again.
In fact, Bah Ryngkatlang Lyndem is the MDC of the UDP from this constituency after winning in
Speaking to media, the President of the party, Kong Mira June Myrsing said that the shooting incident happened on the 24th of November 2021 at about 11 pm.
“We have our doubts and questions.
He said that what has happened in these few days is a bad thing even for those who are in the government.
The residents of Kongthong village were shocked and shocked when they saw in the Khasi and English media on 19th March 2019 the appointment of Sylloklang Majaw as the Sordar of the Raid. Kongthong and also the removal of the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Coming Home Pohnong by the Executive Committee. to the dorbar of Kongthong, we have to explain as follows.
Not only that, there are those who get the disease, unfortunately, there are those who get (imat), as if they were not afraid of anything (as happened to the 41 writers), and there are those who get, They are located in many places, but the government has not been willing to disclose their names or disclose their residences.
Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Kumar Deb said that out of the 991 people who have been tested, three have tested positive and they came from Delhi by Rajdhani Express.
Rick was shocked, because he didn't think that such a thing would happen to him; that the wicked may take away thy beloved.
This law forbids working on the Sabbath and the teachers, scribes, Pharisees and Sadducees explain that this law forbids all kinds of work on the Sabbath. Jesus did not heal her.
She had 9 children including 6 girls and 3 boys.
Even in the middle of the rainy season.
Those who look at my status often write – “Zero has no value.
“On that day, many of the residents who passed through the tollgate were left in the darkness due to the sudden implementation of the fastag. you fastag in the car," he said.
John Kharshiing, Leader of the Hima Khasi Dorbars, who took part in the seminar of the Seng Kur Rynjah, at Laitlyngkot today, said that there are 3,363 Kurs in Ri Khasi Jaintia.
Preposition- Conjunction- Conjunction: Continuation or addition of words to parts of speechInterjection- Preposition: to express surprise in parts of speechArticles- Tienkyndeh : the sin or song of the tienpasoh according to their character and rank.
This great Missionary loved the Khasi Hills and composed a song which says: “Ri Khasi, Ri Khasi I love you etc.” Dr. DRL Nonglait in his writing to the Thup Souvenir of the 175th Anniversary of the Gospel said that Dr. John Roberts in this song has many ideas when he composed it.
Wahab, she told and experienced these acts of violence of Akbar many times and these were that he kissed her, that he touched her, that he hugged her and that he killed her. love it in your office.
On these demands, Sniawbha said the government will have to look into whether these demands are justified or not.
The Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Redressal Forum (HBDRF) on Tuesday expressed its surprise over the failure of the Meghalaya government to participate in the Inquiry Commission convened by Assam on the shooting death of 5 people in Mukroh village.
He recalled that in 2018, when the MLA elections came, they spread the image that he was a dead man, but when the vote was cast, he won.
The celebration was attended by the Joint Director of MBOSE Shillong, Bah M.Marbaniang as the chief guest. K.Wahlang BMC, SSA Mairang, Principal of the school, teachers and students.
In Group D, Chhattisgarh, Jammu and Kashmir, Karnataka and West Bengal are included.
The Village of Thangrain, West Jaintia Hills has banned foreigners from entering the Village for trading, labour, supply of goods and other activities.
When the reporter visited the church, it was seen that the synagogue has been built in the fields and most of the seats for the worshipers will be in the fields. to sit in public.
He said that the current decision will bring about a change in the next 5 or 10 years and as young people they should be perfect when choosing any field they like.
“There are many national parties in Meghalaya but no one is recognized except in Guwahati unlike the NPP which up to Delhi has a proper office where the people of the North East. of the country including Meghalaya can leave when they face any problems.
Thus, it depends on the will and understanding of the rulers to do anything.
Why do I say that? The reason is that since 2013 until now I have found that all his articles in the newspapers are well founded, reasonable and really touch my mind.
In Ri-Lum Jaintia, there has been an attempt to write the Jaintia language since 1900, when the Constitution and decisions of the Jaintia Dorbar were written in the Jaintia language. However, there is no longer any need to write in the Jaintia language so that it will remain in the libraries.
The Women's Congress Committee was also elected with Rimanchwa Suchiang as President and Habayang Wann as Secretary.
The players of Malki struggled to score the first goal but failed to score.
The Lum Jingthang of the Seng Khasi Kmie Mawkhar, Jaiaw, today was cleaned up, along with the cleanliness in all the surrounding areas, after the Lum Jingthang Committee of the Seng Khasi Seng Kmie, Mawkhar, held a meeting. the cleansing of the Mount of Olives.
Speeches were also delivered by Ranjeeta Syiemlieh, Progressive Farmer and Adelbert Kharlyngdoh, Development Horticulture Officer, ATMA.
The KSU said that the area on the bridge at Tongseng has been badly damaged and filled with water like a pond which threatens the parking of vehicles.
North Korea on Sunday launched a short-range ballistic missile for the fourth time in a month as South Korea and the United States continue their exercises.
There are also those who suffer from depression and anxiety due to too much vitamin C. There are also those who say that too much vitamin C can be the cause of stone formation in the body. that child.
He said that mothers can save up to T.50,000 for their children, if they save only T.27 per day and this will reach T.50,000 in five years.
Sengbo K Sangma scored three goals in the 10th minute and Tapaz G Momin scored two goals in the 47th and 50th minutes. Eliakim R Marak scored the first goal of the match in the 41st minute.
In this regard , the village has lodged a complaint and met many times with the Head of the Hima , Paiem Balajied Singh Syiem , but the Paiem has not believed in this complaint Therefore, the village has decided not to take part in the Pomblang Syiem this year, said a statement from Bah R. Kharumnuid, Rangbah Shnong Mawiong, Diengpasoh Road, Khyrim Syiemship.
Therefore, they hope that if the new government comes, they will complete this road.
It is necessary to protect one's own self or as it is said 'Sarong la ka jong' and 'honor of others'
In this transformation, it produces an invisible force called atomic radiation.
No one dares to describe the spirit of love of all those who have led their own people, but the people have been scattered in their own homes that those leaders are selfish.
D 74 cases, 94 cases in 2012, 117 cases in 2013, 125 cases in 2014 and 89 cases in
This group of like-minded people is known as “Help them – in the moment of need”, which is a WhatsApp group that has been able to collect donations among who will provide assistance to two families.
) issued by the Government of India, Ministry of Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions, Department of Personnel and Training New Delhi, dated the 5th July, 2005; Office Memorandum dated 4th July, 2007 and  COMPENDIUM OF INSTRUCTIONS No.F.No.36011/1/2022-Estt.
I and my household will now cleanse the shylliah so that you may come to the front of my house, and you shall stretch out your hands to take the moina and its body.
“I am from Khatkar village, my husband is a Rajpala and I am the daughter of a farmer.
Ma Kesilroi is the husband of Moi Dhar who lives in Wahiajer, West Jaintia Hills District.
The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) in collaboration with the North East Slow Food and Agro Biodiversity Society (NESFAS) has held a meeting at Mulum village on the 21st of this month. MLA Nujorki Sungoh was the chief guest.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Principal of the school said that the PHE, Pollution Control Board, has visited the school three times, on 2nd, 15th and then on 3rd July and during the visit, there were about 20,30 people who visited the garbage dumps of the school.
Speaking on the occasion, Ardent said, “We will not allow the government to issue certificates of residence to anyone. “If the Rangbah Shnong cannot provide, all the works should be suspended,” said the HSPDP leader. “We cannot accept the writings issued by the DC or the HSPDP. “The government should immediately stop the issuance of certificates, you have taken over the authority of the Rangbah Shnong, the people will not allow at all,” he said.
We have already been allowed to build a Coke factory with the participation of the villagers, and the issuance of NOC by the Hon'ble Dolloi of Sutnga District (L) E Sutnga and Secretary of Sutnga District M Sutnga is also not an act. There are only two of them, but the issuance of NOCs to these factory owners is after getting the consent of all the children of Sutnga Elaka.
He said that the people are facing problems and the Government is also facing problems which has to take steps to turn off the electricity for a while.
We will always remember and proclaim the great deeds of this great leader especially his involvement in the Hill State Movement,” said Bah Lam.
“I am very afraid that the state will face problems like in Uttarakhand due to the illegal quarrying in the rivers.
This allegation is not the first but he has made many allegations and every time when the government has clarified he has disappeared because he knows that his allegation is baseless.
At the meeting, Nehru said he would employ 15,000 candidates who have registered on the portal 'Directing Trichy', according to their educational qualifications.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 1: A doctor working as a Medical Officer at the Civil Hospital Nongstoin, Dr. RS Marbaniang, has been stabbed by a man who came to admit a patient to the hospital. The hospital, while trying to discharge him after admitting him to the emergency room.
“The most precious Block in Narpuh area which is a blessing to the people of the area is the Lumshnong C&RD Block which has just been opened on the 6th November 2022 which will make it more convenient for the people. It is about 75 kilometers away to Wapung C&RD Block,” said Santa.
Shillong, July 04 : The Congress on Tuesday accused the ethnic parties of being involved in the passage of the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) in Parliament in
Bhopal: U Narendra Singh Tomar, Minister of Agriculture, Government of India, who is also MP for Morena, Madhya Pradesh, today witnessed a protest by the people in Sheopur, when he visited the area, which is in severe flooding.
Bah Teiborlang Pathaw said that he left the party because although there was a plan to strengthen the party but the party leaders from Mawlai Circle did not have the will to do so. that and there was always an attempt at reconciliation but those never got anywhere.
India has reported 9,996 new cases of covid-19 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases to 2,86,5 According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India.
At the same time, Shibun said the party will hold special celebrations across the state to highlight the achievements of the National Democratic Alliance (NDP) government. year.
The incident has sparked outrage among the international community, including England and the United States, in what is considered to be the worst incident since the conflict in They are protesting against former President Hosni Mubarak.
This was announced by Shiv Sena Manipur unit president M Tombi Singh at a press conference in Imphal.
It is for this reason that everyone says that time is short and there are no more 24 hours in a day.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Ri Bhoi Police Chief, Giri Prasad, said that the police received a tip at 11 pm from the village leaders. Police have rushed to the scene for investigation, but after reaching the scene, they found that the girl was lying dead on the ground. allegedly having a relationship that has been going on for about 5 months now.
“I have promised a helicopter, 3-storey houses, a 300 feet high house to cool the heat of the constituency, a rocket to be used in the constituency, a car for each household. , 100 gold rings for women who will give birth and I also promise to take my voters to the moon,” he said.
“We have been waiting to hear only his decision on the implementation of the ILP in the state because it has been more than a year since the House has passed the resolution but he has not even allowed us to discuss it. and this shows that the Indian government has something behind it,” he said.
Jowai, Lber 01: The polling station tomorrow (2/3/2023) will be held at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District. The Superintendent of Police (WSP) West Jaintia Hills District has issued a traffic arrangement for tomorrow.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The KSU Education Cell has strongly criticized the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma and the Chief Secretary Dr RC Laloo for refusing to meet the teachers and listening to their demands under the banner of the Joint Flag. Action Committee of All Teachers Association of Meghalaya (JACATAM).
The Taliban have captured nine state capitals; of the 34 provincial capitals of Afghanistan.
According to the 1991 census, the Muslim population in India was 4.02 million or 65.47 per cent of the 1971 population.
If this is the case, it is clear that if the rainfall has fallen in Ri Bhoi, how much more will the Riwar area have fallen two or three times, because it has received more rainfall than what has fallen in Bhoi. .
It is better to make the counting compulsory again, because the children have done too stingy.
Continued sweating from the heat of the sun.
In view of this, the Government has empowered the Assam Rifles under the NDPS Act.
On this occasion, the chief guest also cut the ribbon to release the poster of the film and cut the cake to celebrate the 3rd Anniversary of Silver Dew Nongstoiñ.
Nartiang Constituency has 44,337 voters out of which 21,821 are males and 22,516 are females. Jowai Constituency has 40,208 voters including 18,954 males and 21,254 females. Raliang Constituency has 38,804 candidates including 18,490 males and 20,314 females, 4-Mowkaiaw Constituency has 38,563 candidates including 19,007 males and 19,556 females. males and 19,860 females.
“Father, why don't you pick up that tall stick that has started to sprout?” said the mother and looked at him.
“I have never found anyone to criticize my dress except you Hiram.
The same bus will leave Nongstoin for Shillong at 3 pm from the parking lot near Anderson School, Nongstoin.
The HYC has found more than 800 shops which have not been closed and only 518 shops have Trading License, while 300 foreign shops have not renewed their documents and more than 200 shops have no Trading License. permits to trade and set up shops in the village which is bustling with foreign shops.
However, in fact you don't have glutton, but you have starch in a different form.
In a statement sent to several newspapers, Lawei Ba Phyrnai, sent by the Publicity Secretary, who did not mention his name, admitted that he had sent a letter to the Minister. He said he was a teacher who was dismissed due to a dispute between Conrad Sangma and Education Minister Bah Lahkmen Rymbui.
If the railway line comes to Shillong or East Khasi Hills, it will have both advantages and disadvantages as it will facilitate traffic and create job opportunities.
In the second session of the Quiz Competition, the winners were Hamesainkupar Shadap and Wanshandame Dkhar. The consolation prize was awarded to Laxmi Kumari and Sujatha Nath.
He received 484 marks and distinction in the subject (E, M, Bs, Ac, En, Ec).
When asked about the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution, the writer, who received the Tirot Sing Award from the State Government, said that The reason why the Khasi language has not been included in the fifth category is because there is a reason and a rule that has prevented the Khasi language from being included in this category yet.
Police said that the body of the child, who was 2-3 days old after birth, was found covered with insects and marks. do not be affected in many places on your body.
However, to teach their children to farm and raise livestock is not necessary.
The child said that because she felt sorry for her friends, she couldn't help but sleep with them when they asked her.
But it is not so.
On the other hand, the Meghalaya Bharat Scouts and Guides (MBSG) has now received its National Citizen's Award.
Shillong: The National Students Union (NSU) Jaintia Hills Unit (NSU) has sent a letter to the Prime Minister on 20th June 2013 to request the Prime Minister to withdraw the fees of school children. in the state during this time of lockdown because it affects or is a problem for the parents of school children especially those who live by day labor because of the lockdown to fight against covid
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, today directed the residents of Ri Bhoi District to follow the rules to avoid being affected by the heat wave. sudden increase in temperature in the district.
Meanwhile, the government has appointed Bah Mutshwa Thabah as Vice-Chairman of SDRC in Category B.
We can’t all go to the Legislature to make laws that will help and advance the nation, but we have elected representatives.
Because at such a time when the election is approaching, these politicians are starting to insult the members and leaders of the party, just for their own benefit.
We request the education department government and the DC WJHD to please relocate to a place where it will not affect the community.
Those who attended the meeting included Dr. Alpana Choudhury, Asst. Prof & Media Manager, Dr. Vikramjit Kakati, Associate Prof. & Administrative Officer, ADBU, Fr Johny Jose along with many others.
iii) Immodest dress – This type of dress makes it difficult for those who see or those who see.
Indeed, we see the difficulties faced by our farmers in marketing their produce at this time and the decline in the price of their produce, can undermine the goal that we can achieve. to stand up.
On June 1, 2022, about 15 Police Stations of seven districts have been exempted from the AFSPA.On the other hand, in Nagaland, the AFSPA has been implemented since and withdrawn from 15 Police Stations of nine Districts on 1st June
There are also those who can submit complaints online through apps such as AnyDesk.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Union Minister of Education, Skill Development and Entrepreneurship (NEHU) on Saturday confirmed that all the colleges affiliated to the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) will have nothing to do with the by Common University Entrance Test (CUET).
Sangma was arrested from Kharkutta in North Garo Hills on a tip-off received by a member of the Greek Sangma party, who was arrested by police from his house in Araimile village.
After the public meeting at 6 pm, the people took to the streets to participate in the lighting of candles and the march from Mawlai Petrol Pump to Mawlai Phudmawri Bus Stand.
Once again, to strive to be free from illness and to be able to support the education of our children.
Deibormi Toi, Club International Director Rtn.
“They have informed us that the Government will look for ways and spend more money in the budget so that if the money from the Central Government comes late, the State Government will be able to pay the salary of SSA teachers for three months from the State budget,” he said.
Therefore, young people are invited to take part in this competition by sending their videos to WhatsApp No.9366249112/7
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh, has enforced 144 CrPC, which has warned all heavy vehicles carrying more than 40 MT to pass through the Umiam Bridge. , but now the traffic of heavy vehicles has been tightened and vehicles carrying more than 20 MT can no longer pass through the bridge.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, on Tuesday expressed his gratitude to the General Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew.
“His visit to Shillong is to discuss with the minority communities regarding various schemes of the Central Government. Meghalaya has not benefited”.
“According to the Minister, the three border areas with the highest drug smuggling are the India-Burma border in Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram and Nagaland. The Indo-Bangladesh border in Assam, Meghalaya and West Bengal and the third is the India-Bhutan border in Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Sikkim and West Bengal.
The incident happened more than 2 months ago, so the members of the office rushed to the village to get information from the village leaders of Umphew and after receiving a phone call The Rangbah Shnong of the village, said that there was indeed such an incident in the past 2 months, but the village and the Seng Longkmie have just received the information yesterday, 24th November After the story was told to the children, the children went to the tyndong skhor of the Longkmie who didn't count the sting and conducted a thorough inquiry from the child. The Heprit said that the perpetrator of the crime was her husband (Lok ka Meiduh), so on the same day, the women lodged a complaint at Mawkynroh Umshing Out. post such a person who doesn't have the soul of a human being until he does such a thing against his own child and this act of him has shocked the residents of this village especially the women, children and also to those families who still have children or grandchildren because such people will not look at the age and that they have such an evil spirit in their body.
The grounds improved in East Khasi Hills are the Iing Syiem Square in Mylliem for T.8 lakh, Mawlum Square and Tyrsad for T.12 lakh.
But those who don't know and those who don't see, Even the words of hamsai stand witness, They fight against, they destroy their lives, They violate all the laws of the government.
According to social media reports, Pastor Suting told some people that in his conversation with Jesus, Jesus was very sad these days because all the people are many. and those who were far from him.
However, the Division Bench of the High Court ruled that the report did not state the facts and ordered the Secretary, Telecommunications to write an affidavit. The hearing will be held on the 29th of this month.
Aadhaar has nothing to do with faith.
After that, he tried to meet with the leaders of the West Khasi Hills Block Congress Committee to discuss the issue of applying for ticket, but the District Congress Committee leaders did not accept the proposal. he.
The DM has imposed Section 144 CrPC in the area within 20 meters around the Main Secretariat, Addl Secretariat and Rah Bhavan and banned the VPP from holding the protest.
“There is a law that you can be married, but you must not be divorced.
It has been almost four years since 60 MLAs of the state raised this issue.
Speaking to reporters during his visit to the city, he said that today he held a review of the programs and activities of the NEC as well as those that are ongoing and those that will be done.
Furthermore, the current students have to study for many hours in order to pass well in their studies.
The issues to be discussed were to fight against the laws of the government and the authorities, for the sake of the nation as well as many issues ranging from corruption, income generation, income generation, destruction. the environment and other factors.
This means that the Jewish temple was destroyed and burned in 70AD. It was after 70AD that the Muslims built their temple in Jerusalem which is still known as the Dome of the rock. Al-Aqsa Lane.
The Greater Guwahati Unit of the Northeast India Petroleum Dealers Association (GPA) today announced that the indefinite curfew will apply to the entire city of Guwahati. from the lack of accountability, the companies sell oil.
Another issue is to manage the forests under the jurisdiction of the District Council under the United Khasi and Jaintia Hills Act,
It is not yet clear who will not attend and who will not, but it is understood that some MLAs have announced their own programs tomorrow.
According to the Project Director, the meeting to dismiss the MRDS will be held in June or July this year.
He said that Maikhuli village is not on the border and even the Dreamland Amusement Park in Khanapara area is not on the border and the owners of the park are Khasi but they have been forcibly demolished. This place is in Assam.
In a statement sent to reporters, signed by four leaders of the Raid Nongkhrah Dorbar, it was said that Shangbangla is one of the 14 villages within the boundary of the Raid Nongkhrah. However, the proposal to set up the Weigh Bridge at this place, without consulting the Raid leaders, has violated the customs and traditions of the Raid.
Members of various political parties including HNYF, FKJGP, RBYF, Wahthabroo Dorbar Shnong and the public attended the opening ceremony.
The woman, aged between 30 and 32, is a resident of Mawprem Bishop Falls.
Unfortunately, the more time passes the more of those patriotic organizations there are.
After the raid, police said that the robbers had fled from their residence before the arrival of the police, but in this regard, the police seized only the necessary documents. from the dwellings of these robbers.
“He said that they are grateful to God for giving us the VPP, a party that stands for the country and the people for the state with the aim of raising the glory of the country. which everyone used to brag about in the past.
“Our journey has started a long time ago and now it is time to understand,” she said.
Lot and his family fled to Mount Zoar but it is up to us to flee to the Cross of Christ in prayer and inform and plead before God as Moses pleaded for us. the sin of the children of Israel.
Shillong, March 9: “The State BJP Meghalaya has to say that it is not only the NPP which has taken action on these issues, the BJP leaders have held an emergency meeting on these issues,” said the State BJP Meghalaya. JA Lyngdoh, Vice President of the BJP in the state.
The MDC elections have been held as well as the MP elections.
On the other hand, the Director assured that he will do as soon as possible to avoid the Civil Deposit as happened last year which has caused a lot of trouble to the deficit teachers.
These local enterprises, which are still operating and have NPAs, can receive this assistance from the government and the Government of India will pay T.4,000 crore to the government. The Credit Guarantee Trust of MSMEs. Those factories spending T.1 crore to T.5 crore will be treated as small enterprises and those enterprises spending between T.10 crore and T.5 crore will be treated as small enterprises. .50 crore, will be classified as small factories and those with a turnover of T.20 to T.100 crore, will be medium enterprises.
The AJCA led by President Edystone Shylla, General Secretary Waibor Sohlang, Tournament Secretary Daowan Nartiang and Joint Secretary Hardy Passah handed over the oxygen cylinders.
The artist put aside the remaining image to draw the image of Judas.
On the other hand, Mahbubul Hoque Chancellor of USTM thanked the Government of Meghalaya for its support from time to time since its inception.
(The Meghalaya Service Rules of Aided Schools(Deficit) 2018.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Central Government through talks with the State Government has agreed to open four border markets in the state bordering Bangladesh in order to improve the income of the people.
In Nongstoin Constituency, Singh's stronghold, Tsumani of the National People's Party (NPP) has won 20 MLAs in the 2018 Legislative Assembly elections. .
It is important to understand that there is no one in this world who doesn't want to spend billions of dollars because he doesn't want to spend money.
It is learned that the natural fertilizer which the government has said it has distributed to the farmers has not arrived yet and many farmers are not aware of this.
Jowai, March 02: Up to 17 herbalists including 10 from Garo Hills and 7 from Jaintia Hills have attended the meeting of herbalists from the North Eastern Region of India. The conference was organized by the North Eastern Institute of Ayurveda & Folk Medicine Research, Pasighat in Arunachal Pradesh.
“In 2020, the court has also ruled that contract teachers do not have the right to be confirmed and therefore to appoint them will not be possible.
The punctuality of trains will also increase in this area and freight trains pulled by electric locomotives from other states can now reach Meghalaya.
Therefore, the village requests the Me department.
KSU Nongthymmai Circle General Secretary Erick Nongkynrih said that the KSU has met with the DC to discuss the issue of Aadhaar registration in the army camp. There is no problem with the registration of Aadhaar for the soldiers because they are true citizens of India but they are against the registration of thur-mur in the army camps and in the areas where the soldiers live for those who are not entitled to do so. and this is the work there.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The opposition in the National Assembly on Tuesday called a curfew as a sign of protest against the currency exchange rate of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“Out of these, 48 cases have been registered in the last four months, 50% of which have been lodged in East Khasi Hills District, followed by West Garo Hills, Tura and East Jaintia Hills District. Khliehriat, Ribhoi and West Jaintia Hills District “.
“With the passage of time, the government should think of other ways to guide the youth and especially to bring happiness to them in their lives.
Stage-I and II provide only 85 liters of water per capita per day in the city.
Kevin, who has scored 200 runs in previous matches, is now fourth in the country with 423 runs in three matches.
He said the government accepts the technology of this era for the benefit of the society especially in the field of infrastructure to accelerate development works.
He said that in the past few days, some Khasi youths have gone to block the gate of the Ramakrishna Mission and this has caused concern to the Bengalis living in Shillong and also the the whole state.
Nanandro B. Marak is an organic farmer from West Garo Hills, Meghalaya.
Besides, the residents of Dawki, Sohra and other tourist areas have complained that the lockdown has affected their livelihood.
On the other hand, the Minister also announced that every three months there will be an implementation by the government and the community to jointly clean up the townships and villages.
