Khan is one of the oldest and most experienced lawyers in the Supreme Court.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 15: The road from Mawlangsu to Markasa is in dire need, but the government's delay in completing the cleaning of the remaining two kilometers of the road has caused the residents to They are in trouble because the road is still in poor condition.
“He (Adolf Lu Hitler) was a leader of the people and also served the State.
“So am I.
Shillong: The Indian Oil Corporation Limited (IOCL), BPCL and HPCL have implemented a new system for the selection of petrol suppliers. The new petrol outlets in the state have been opened, but they have not been selected.
In the Super Division, Buromlangki Salahe (11), Banteilang Shylla (31) and Kindness Mukhim (72) scored 10 goals each.
The performances of several singers from the region and northern Punjab were another highlight of the festival.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The death of Balsan S Marak in police custody has shocked the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma, after the political parties in Garo Hills called for a two-hour curfew. The event will start from 3 pm to 5 pm throughout Tura.
Ryntih SC from the start of the match showed their skills and strength, despite knowing that they had no chance to win in this first leg. Banpynkhramnam Nongkhlaw, Meban Wahlang, Hardicliff Nongbri, Chesterpaul Lyngdoh, Padam Chetri and others fought hard until they didn't give up. FC Bengaluru scored the first goal of the match.
“If they don't answer, we will close them down if we find that they go outside the orders of the Council,” said the CEM. the seventh child.
He said that the Executive Committee of Dong Tympang Iawmusiang, Jowai cannot accept the Bill because many of the issues of the Bill are not clear and it does not protect the land owners who rent houses. the residents especially the Mynder.
It is learned that former Mairang MLA and Congress leader Bah Boldness Nongum may have left to support the PDF candidate after he had a difference of opinion with former MLA Irene Lyngdoh. the Pariong.
In her welcome speech, Dr Alicia Gatphoh, Vice Chancellor, expressed her gratitude and will remember this presence of the Prime Minister.
Those who scored runs for Manipur include Langlonyamba (50).
According to information received, the Heprit was abducted on Saturday evening, when the robber from Assam, took her to Marigoan area of ​​Assam. Police have released the Heprit on Friday morning, who was found from a house in the area.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah FR Kharkongor said that the speech was a reminder of the participation of the people who took part in the performance at the recently opened Lariti Centre, which was held at the Lariti Centre. known as the “Little Black Box”, which is a platform for singers to showcase their talents.
In the past, there have been reports of civilians being injured in attacks by wild elephants although there have been no deaths.
In the Men's Bodybuilding 70 kg category, Vijay Singh of Fittorium Gym Shillong won the second prize, Elnathan N Warjri of Zoo Gym Shillong won the second prize, Rapjan Hadem of ODC Fitness Center won the second prize and Donbok Syiemiong won the third prize. Wanda Jiedlang Nonglait of Wan's Gym Sohra won the men's body building category 70 kg above while Pritam Sunar of Gold Gym Jowai won the second prize. Mintu Nath of Muscle Excess & Fitness Gym won the fourth prize, Amar Nongsiej of Zoo Gym Shillong won the third prize and Kmenlang LKyngdoh won the third prize.
Smti Lasubon Shullai, Assistant Teacher, Laittyra UP School, Laittyra
According to police, the bus was heading from Guwahati to Silchar when it turned around and went to the other side of the highway. ; Many of the passengers of the bus were seriously injured.
In another report, posted on various social media, it was reported that a group of robbers on Monday attacked the Hindu Shiv Temple in Mahadev. They beat and shot the believers while they were coming to worship.
Shillong: MFC FC scored 1-0 goals in the first half and scored again in the second half. Khliehshnong FC couldn't play well and managed to score one goal or turn only one goal.
Therefore, regarding this immoral act of dumping garbage into the rivers, the FKJGP strongly condemns and at the same time the FKJGP strongly condemns and at the same time the FKJGP strongly condemns all those who dump garbage into the rivers.
Manuel Badwar of Congress, Dr Fabian Lyngdon of AITC, Bajop Pyngrope of NPP, Ardent Basaiawmoit of VPP, KP Panniang of HSPDP, Dr Jemino Mawthoh of UDP and Gregory Shullai were present on the occasion. They from the BJP came to explain what the party they lead has to improve the state through politics.
There are also people who were once bad, but later became good.
In Santa Cruz, police have recovered 68 bodies.
In order to ensure smooth running, he said that the KHADC will prepare to provide computers to all the Himas so that the Dorbar Shnongs can submit their reports to the Himas and the Himas can submit them to the KHADC. The Deputy CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, on Tuesday introduced the Second Amendment Bill
His father was Khajendra Mohon Roy (formerly Roi) and his mother was Rimai Syiemlieh.
“We have discussed today and the Cabinet has agreed to direct the Deputy Commissioner to send a report along with the maps of the various places relating to the dates and prices,” he said.
He graduated from PU (Science) and has been involved in political parties in the past.
· To prohibit foreign investment aimed at converting Hindus to other religions.
In the year 2022-23, it will start the BSc which has been the dream of the people of the area for a long time.
As we know now Mawlai Police Station alone cannot look after everything, so we come to demand that there should be another police outpost so that it can strengthen the work of Mawlai Police. Station," said Mr. Pathaw.
Eleven workers who were employed to dig a pond and chained to prevent them from escaping have been released by police in Osmanabad district, Maharashtra, a police chief told Tuesday.
However, no casualties were reported.
I think he always has some sort of feeling.
Furthermore, these religious leaders hope that as the church in collaboration with the former leader of the area, before the church accepts the Synod, all these things will be in place so that it will be able to The 26th Synod Service of the Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod was held at the Nongthymmai Presbyterian Church, Umsning.
It is for this reason that Jesus was moved to weep for Jerusalem.
The DC and MLA of Jowai said that there is no shortage of food items, but the shopkeepers should provide accurate and clear information at which shop they go to buy food items from Shillong so that they can get to inform each other between the DCs to facilitate the movement of food vendors in Jowai.
The victims of Santiniketan are Dr. Janak Jhankar Narzari, Soumitra Chatterji, Rathin Kanji, Prof. Niaz Majumdar, Rishi Barua, Sheema Barua, Falguni Mukherji, Samita Goswami, Ketaki Choudhury, Saleha Ahmed, Krishna Dutta, Barikor. , and from Shillong, Mario Pathaw, Phaibha Kupar Kharlukhi, Benedict S Hynniewta, Frederick D Hynniewta and Raphael Warjri.
Meghalaya has won once, lost once and drawn once out of three matches.
In this ritual, there is also a goat sacrifice.
During the visit, together with the elders of Nongwah-Mawtamur village, it was found that it is true that the people of Assam have come to clean up the area.
“We are against this teaching to mislead people,” he said, adding that it is also against the teachings of the Bible.
About 100 of these refugees from Manipur have received assistance through this programme, including the elderly and children.
The RBBJ road also includes the villages of Umsatai, Lad Wahwapung, Pynurkba, Deiñsatlang, Lakadong, Umlynsha, Umlakdoh, Lakadong Ummat and Lad Lakadong.
As an MLA, he also promised to monitor the development works in the area and especially the education and with the cooperation, the needs of the school and the Northern Ri-Bhoi College will be monitored. They have temporarily stayed on the campus of the school to promote education for the benefit of the youth of the area.
Jowai: The West Jaintia Hills District Executive Force (WJH-DEF) today distributed 100 gifts to the community and to celebrate Christmas with the people. The residents of Ioksi Kynamynsar, Iapkhla and Priang villages, West Jaintia Hills.
The Society has already sent a copy of the Memorandum to the State Government on the demands for the establishment of a National Law School in Jaintia Hills which is on par with other schools in India. The government has not listened to the demand.
Thousands of people from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills witnessed the Shad.
Although NEFIP welcomes the Home Minister's promise, it finds that his statements are merely unfounded propaganda that is misleading and deceptive.
The opposition parties (such as the Congress and others) have also criticized the bill by saying how the ruling central government has passed it when they are not in the parliament. creation.
St John Girls School was founded by Sr.
Sezarul contested the MLA election in 2013 and was banned from contesting elections for three years.
She said that she is happy to take part in the village festival and other public activities as she is not only a leader, but also a member of the community.
They discussed the corruption investigation into the entry of council funds into private accounts as well as into the accounts of KHCF. The Council has fined T.16 lakh and the Forest Guard has been suspended for the incident.
If we look at the Employment Policy, we see many shortcomings so that the youth of the country have to come out to show the leaders to think for employment. Policy.
Explaining on this occasion, the Chief Minister said that the state government will take this money from NIDA according to the estimates of the central government agency. I can't take this ram.
A photograph of the President of the Voice of the People (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit and the Speaker of the Sohiong Constituency, Bah Amazing Kurbah, has been released on Tuesday. On this occasion, a group of VPP members led by Bah Ardent visited Bah Amazing at Rangshken village in Sohiong. constituency.
It is only the Bible that tells us that Ubalah Ubaiai, Kynrem, Lyndan, Syntai, Bulot, Simpah, Simsong and King Longdoh Longpun came to be the Savior and Redeemer of all the people of the world. (Isa 7:14; Isa 9:6) through the Holy Spirit (Lk 1:28).
Between 1972 and 2022, two stories appeared about the Royal Salute and the Lamborghini.
But according to the book of God.
Tura, March 6: The insurgents in Lum Garo Hills have not forgiven even the small farmers who earn their living from small jobs. im the day of the end of the day.
On the Rehabilitation Centres, the Minister of Social Welfare said that the Government will prepare a proposal so that the rehabilitation centers can be started. The Government because as it is now, there are health centers run by private groups which the Government also supports, and perhaps the cost of treatment is lower.
The Minister announced this on Tuesday at the inauguration of the new Academic Block, Women's Hostel and Men's Hostel of Captain Williamson Memorial Government College.
Lamare, who won the election as MLA from Mawhati constituency in 2018 and will contest from Nongkrem constituency in 2023, has filed his nomination papers on 3rd June.
The farmers also informed the leaders to discuss the government's lack of assistance to the farmers affected by the natural disaster, the debt they cannot repay due to the natural disaster, the price drop. and also to discuss that the government should recognize the cultivation of kwai and tympew along with many other demands.
There are coaches who have been temporarily appointed to manage some clubs, but the AFC Pro license is required for coaches or managers to be appointed as coaches of Indian Super League (ISL) clubs. part of next season.
She also admitted that hospitals in Gujarat use these drugs for the treatment of cancer patients.
Bah Siangshai is the first candidate to contest the 2009 MP election.
The report of the Joint Inspection will be submitted today to the District Chief for further action.
In another incident, Customs seized half a kilo of heroin worth T.50 lakh from a man from Khyndai Lad on Saturday.
The union made this announcement after an inspection of the road on Saturday and on the first day the union met with Bah DM Pyngrope, Executive Engineer PWD NH By -Pass Division at your office to ask for clarification on this road.
Nicky Nongkhlaw said that the Hindu community in the state should come forward to speak the truth and expose the unfounded allegation of these three people. and perhaps this allegation is just a ploy of someone for political gain and to create ethnic differences in the state as a whole.
God said, “Hearken unto their voice, and make them a king” (1 Samuel 8:21-22).
He said that the police would like to express their gratitude to the members of the Durbar Shnong for their hard work to join hands to curb all these problems.
According to the EE PWD, he promised that all the roads that have received the funds will be completed by October
There is also the Assam Police Station at Langpih, Mawsikar, and the illegal immigrants who have come to Langpih, just to get land, who have been a threat to the Assam Police Station. the owners of the land, without mentioning the other sources, which come from time to time.
He said that out of the total number of Croatian citizens, there are still more refugees in Assam.
However, the MDA government has not been able to issue the Utilization Certificate to the ADB and the fund has been lost.
The Seng has received a complaint from the teachers that some school managements have cut and counted the salary from T.500 to T.6000, per teacher per month. it is an illegal act and a violation of the rights of teachers.
When they came there, they saw a large crowd.
After the meeting, the JAC ARPBV leaders said that the DC of Ri Bhoi District has promised to pay the money they should have received from the trip. election within 15 to 20 days.
He said that the Election Department can prepare rooms or seats where people can wait comfortably and can also develop an App where people at home can know whether they are at home. the line is still long before they come to vote.
Chamitreman Lamare of Amity scored 87 runs for the match.
The CCIB leader strongly criticized the leaders and MLAs who have not said anything on the border between India and Bangladesh from Nongjri to Jaliakhola.
P Das, son of Pobitro, has been arrested and the driver of the truck, Indrajit Das, has been arrested and seized. u Blei in this city.
When we talk about money or when a businessman comes to contest an election, he has that spirit that he should win by any means. The ability to serve the people to become leaders sometimes they don't want to contest elections just because they don't have money, if all the good candidates who have the desire to serve as leaders hide away we will get leaders who do not have the skills and do not have the will to serve and develop the villages in the constituency, but they are leaders only because they can buy the people with the wealth of that's during the election.
Shillong, Jymmang 21 : The Union Minister in charge of Education, Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, Dharmendra Pradhan, on Tuesday said that the Union Government has no intention of making Hindi compulsory.
Divyakriti Singh and Adrenaline Firdod scored 68.176 points.
He also told about the many opportunities that this project will bring to the youth of the North East.
Wallambok Surong 47', Meialong 51' and Kitbok Surong scored 53' each.
In this regard, Jalpaiguri Police have issued orders and urged the people not to hold or take any firearms or explosives if found in the river.
I was in the government that year, but he didn't give me detailed information about the 12 border areas,” said Prestone.
“One of the problems in sending bill money for the 100 days scheme or MGNRGES is because the employees who have job cards do not link their bank accounts with Aadhaar because some of them do not have Aadhaar and this is one of the problems. .
Shillong, March 18: Police have seized about 1.5 kilograms of heroin worth T.35 lakh from Shillong this morning.
We urge the Dorbar Shnongs to take action to send the residents to come and please help us to announce to your villages.
On the other hand, the JSU said that it is not only a letter but it has met many times with the relevant authorities from the Commissioner Secretary, Minister I/C Health to various Chief Ministers. the meeting is not a joke.
The decision to suspend the Nongkrem MLA came after the All Party Meeting convened by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma on the 19th of this month failed to discuss the demand for a review. the Reservation Policy.
This comes after Assam has been severely affected by the Covid-19 pandemic.
“This problem faced by the teachers shows that the education authorities have not taken action or perhaps they don't have the intellectuals to see how to solve it. this is the problem.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Meghalaya Professional Boxing Council (MPBC) on Tuesday held a program to honor the late Mr. Shanborlang Marbaniang who returned from the Professional Wrestling Championships held in New Delhi.
It is understood that the PDF will not appoint Bah Les due to his old age.
Bah Tambor Lyngdoh, has presented to Ambassador Thierry Mathou the book he has published.
On the other hand, Dr. War said that the positive result of the man from Umsawlem may be due to the fact that he already has ringing and respiratory disease and may also be due to the examination materials. because the examination materials are only 99 percent accurate.
Don't forget this saying of the wise.
" God bless them and God said unto them – Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the Earth, and subdue it".
Shillong: There have been 21 new cases of covid-19 in the state today, including 18 cases from East Khasi Hills, two cases from Ribhoi District and one case from East Jaintia Hills District.
“Ms Ampareen said that the Government's establishment of C&RD Block across the districts is one of the steps to bring the Government's services to the people.
He said that from Lumshnong onwards there is only one Lineman in charge of the electricity supply.
Eight more people have died in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of deaths in Madhya Pradesh to
Internet users around the world may experience disruption in the next 48 hours due to maintenance on the main servers of these devices.
Like the Father and the Son, the Holy Spirit also works and has the nature of God because as they are three in One God (Trinity).
The Waheh Shnong of the village, Golden Gashnga, confirmed this to Syllad.com.
:The new Khasi song, “Ah! Lano" is a song released on 6th March 2023 by Johny Stone Nongbet.
The donation of T.7.50 lakh is the same as that given to the police.
Our government is now trying for 14 days to prevent and prevent the spread of this disease among our people.
For I say unto thee, Ye shall not see me henceforth, till ye shall say, Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Baby League tournament resumed on Saturday at the Polo Ground with 30 matches of children from different teams at the Jawaharlal Nehru Sports Complex.
“We should not misunderstand that if the Congress wins in Gujarat, it will win in other states, look at Himachal Pradesh where they voted on the same day and in Gujarat the party wins and will form a government. “What happens in the state for the party will not have anything to do with what happens in other states because the issues and struggles will be different and the leaders,” he said.
In today’s environment, as leaders in positions of responsibility, we must find solutions to problems.
Speaking to media, the Secretary of Lumshken Village, Bah Ïowest Khaii said that at the time of the fire, there were three owners of cows who were guarded by seven cows. Fortunately, in this incident, the shepherds escaped from being tied by the pyrthat.
As the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, the Lamphang should ensure that the cost of construction of this house should not increase again.
After this, they will hold a rally in New Delhi on the opening day of the Parliament session.
The Government in the blueprint has proposed to relocate 342 households from the Metor Area to the Shillong Municipal Board.
The JAC Sohiong has raised the question of the KHADC, “When it found out that the Lyngdoh is unable to run the Hima, why didn't they remove him, but hand over the Lyngdoh to the Hima? village to one kingdom.
Khliehtyrshi Cricket Club beat West Jaintia Police by four wickets in the District Cricket League 2024 tournament organized by the West Jaintia Hills Cricket Association (WJHDCA) on 12th June.
The introduction of changes in a short period of time and the urgency of the Government creates a sense of distrust and doubt about the hidden intentions of the Government.
Please check the camera first.
The CWI also stands firm in its commitment to crack down on this illegal activity and to provide clear training to the players of the team as a whole as well as to the management of the Anti- Corruption in sports.
HO Mawrie, Primrose Gatphoh and other great thinkers also acknowledged that nature is the park of knowledge or the high school that teaches mankind.
Russia on Friday launched heavy airstrikes on parts of Kyiv, Kharkiv, Sumy, Donetsk and Luhansk and Crimea from the east.
This time, farmers from Mawkynrew Constituency, the constituency where the Minister of Agriculture is MLA, have held a meeting at Thynroit village to inform the government about the problems and shortcomings of the farmers. their agricultural products have fallen more than in previous years.
We are not against the holding of festivals but we do not agree with the government's actions when it does not have the money to pay the salaries of the employees,” said James.
Shillong, Naitung 07: The Superintendent of Police (SSP) of East Khasi Hills District, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, who inspected the incident of vehicle fire at Laitumkhrah Police Station on Thursday, said that the clash between the two cases has caused a fire. The clash started from the road on Friday night and continued even after the two menla came to the Police Station to lodge a complaint.
Because by this time grace was long gone.
The State Government has issued an Office Memorandum on 10th June this year on the orders of the Meghalaya High Court.
Speaking on the activities of the Riti Academy, Bah Warjri urged, 'The environment is closely related to the environment and the people should know their duty to protect it. and that we should not know only how to claim our rights without being responsible for our land and environment in our own country.
What information and training do they need? How to keep books of accounts, how to account for expenditure and profit and loss and how to reconcile expenditure with audit.
However, in 2023, it is not known which party he will contest.
I am confident that the initiatives being taken in these 100 smart cities will benefit more than 4,800 cities," she said.
On the other hand, Dr War said that initially, there were only 3 brothers who tested positive for covid-19; After this, they conducted contract tracing and found that up to 63 brothers have tested positive for Covid-19 and all of them are High Risk Contacts.
No one can kill himself,” said Bah Wahlang.
Shillong, Lber, 15: The State Government has promised to find ways and means for the payment of salaries of SSA teachers in the State.
“Without expenditure, there is no income,” said Bah Tynsong.
He was speaking on the statement by the National Executive Member of the BJP Pynthorumkhrah MLA AL Hek that Rapsang is one of the MLAs to join the BJP. “Heh himself because Rapsang has not met with the party leaders especially me the President on this issue because so far there has been no meeting,” said Bah Mawrie.
Bah Amazing together with the public from the parents carried a placard at the ground floor of Bah Synshar Lyngdoh's house on the 27th June 2023 from 12 noon to 2 pm.
9344 samples have been sent for testing, 8993 samples have been negative and 320 samples are awaiting results.
He said that the two Chief Ministers will visit West Jaintia Hills and Karbi Anglong which is still in turmoil and to appeal to the people to maintain peace and order. a promise to the public that excellent opportunities will soon be forthcoming.
At the same time, he said that the VPP will not accept Bah Prestone to join the party.
He added that the people of the North East should also have or seek information about other ethnic groups living in India.
The Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Anna Yojana (PMGKAY) has been launched in 2020 during the covid-19 pandemic, in which the government has distributed 5 kilos of rice to farmers. ration and this is in addition to the distribution of ration, which the people are entitled to receive under the National Food Security Act (NFSA).
Continuing the match from 15/5 in the second innings, EKH are still 185 runs behind SCA-A. Khongjoh (28) and Wankitlang Nongpluh (18) fought hard but in the end EKH had to end the match for 90 runs. first when they earned only 76.
“We demand that all the necessities should be provided to all the relief camps set up to help the refugees in Manipur according to the rights of the citizens of this country,” said the Chairperson.
I don't have the money, which I have to spend for the election.
The theme of this year's celebration is “Tobacco – Threat to our Environment”.
“I have sent several letters to the Water Distribution Department of the Central Government to request them to allocate special allocation under the JJM scheme for those villages which fall under the JJM scheme. in Urban Areas, because in fact, the beneficiaries of the JJM scheme will be only those schemes in the rural areas,” said Bah Renikton L.Tongkhar.
The youth was arrested by the Mawprem Samla Seng and the Nongsohphoh Dorbar Shnong after receiving information that the residence of the KHADC MDCs has turned into a hideout for drug addicts.
He said that the police have not yet received any information that there are places where the traders sell these illegal beverages and therefore he urged those who see such incidents to inform the police immediately. that the border is not painted.
According to the investigation, the SDO did not come to work and at 3 pm when he entered the office, he found that there were only two employees, one male and one female. the chess rooms were all empty.
She said it is up to the Government whether to include the reservation policy in the same committee on the roster or to have another committee on the reservation policy.
Ardent said the EC had visited Aradonga on 23rd July, 2014 to inspect the forest and during the inspection it was found that there was a logging.
However, it will take time to repair and restore electricity to these areas.
" said KS Suchiang, President of KSU Narpuh Circle.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that at a meeting held today, the State Government has decided that from tomorrow, 30th July Shops in Byrnihat and Ranikudam Ribhoi District have been closed until 15th November
However, the main reason why the departments cannot provide estimates is because a lot of the budget and the money spent on the implementation of various development projects goes to the personal budget of the ministers. engineers, police chiefs and even doctors.
Furthermore, to ensure that the resources in the state will be shared equally and used for the benefit of future generations.
The farmer may therefore ask how to provide these roots in the soil so that the plant will grow well.
Nongstoiñ, July 21: Ribok Marwein, 26, of Nonglang, South West Khasi Hills, has been arrested on Tuesday morning. District, died after being caught in an electrical shock.
The return of the Jews to Israel that God would use them as His weapons of war is recorded in Jeremiah 51:20-23 exactly as we see with our own eyes that God has restored Israel. to the Jews in 1948 until now that Israel is the Supreme Power in the world for the coming war in the world.
Electricity shocks the body of a human or animal and damages the muscles and bones in the body, causes muscle contraction and leads to injury or death.
The AMTW&PA is under the supervision of Anita Songthiang as President, Eva Kharmujai, who recently received the Kiang Nangbah Award in Arm Wrestling, as Vice President, and Nangkitboklang Songthiang as Vice President. Shadwinson Kharmawphlang was appointed as General Secretary and Treasurer.
“UnquoteTherefore, it is now up to the 60 MDCs of KHADC and JHADC to take responsibility to get us the ILP because they are the custodians of the Sixth Schedule.
The SP of the district VS Rathore was the chief guest.
According to Bah Marbaniang, the Board has found it difficult to repair the cold storage, because it has lost many equipment and to get rid of the empty storage, the Board has had to leave it. prohibit the production of money for the needs.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, the Syiem of Khyrim Hima, Paiem Balajied Sing Syiem, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima. Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, President of the Seng Khasi, Rgh Oplysor Pyngrope and other office bearers of the Seng Khasi, Kong Matsiewdor War Nongbri and others.
Nehlang Phawa scored the goals in the 42nd minute, Jomsing Pariat in the 52nd minute, Arwanki Phawa in the 61st minute and Gideon Pariat in the 68th minute.
Development of institutions Higher education institutions will be transformed into large, multi-faceted institutions providing quality, research-based and socially relevant education.
We often find that most of our religious leaders look down on anyone who has done things that the church forbids.
It was the call of the Spirit of God that led Vinod to be born under the leadership of the church.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ardent said, “I didn't come here to criticize the MLA of Umsning, but I came here to express my opinion. “I don't have a dorbar and I have agreed with the government,” he said.
Reginal said that the demand for the temporary dismissal of the Director comes after the Printing Stationery Department has appointed a departmental proceeding team headed by Ripnar Lyngdoh, IAS, Commissioner. Dr. Shakil P Ahmet IAS, Principal Secretary, Water Resources Department, also welcomed the inquiry.
According to the sordar, the reason is because some people have come to mislead that they are afraid of Aadhaar which is evil.
The price and the work doesn't match...come and pay as much as you want and work hard wherever it fits bah passah.
At the same time, the FKJGP has also informed about the delay in the construction of the road in Baridua village, which the residents themselves are facing problems due to the excessive deterioration of the road. Baridua, EE of PWD, said that the road will be cleaned soon.
He urged the Seng Kurs to lodge a complaint against these people who have made affidavits without the authority of the Seng Kurs.
When asked whether the BJP intends to remove Bah Ernest Mawrie as the party's president in the state after his failure to perform well in the last elections, Sinha said there is no intention at present. discussion regarding this issue.
At this meeting, it was also decided that the Longkmie from all four villages should join the CSWO by setting up new units in their respective villages.
You are the leaders of the people.
The family members said that the man left the house at 5 pm in a Tourist Sumo without carrying anything on his body, but until evening the family members did not know where he was. and which also prompted the family members to lodge a complaint with the Police.
In addition to the 20 dead, 26 others were reportedly injured.
It was after the incident that the police also issued a warning but the drivers of the two wheelers did the same.
These four persons were arrested by the East Khasi Hills Police in collaboration with the Ri-Bhoi Police, two from Umsning and two from Nongpoh. .
“According to the RTI received on 21st March 2021 from the MNA office, although this scheme is for the entire state, it has been implemented only for in West Garo Hills District,” he added.
Preliminary investigation reports have shown that there was a premeditation regarding the incident.
"When asked whether any action will be taken against the traders, she said they have been asked to follow the rules of procedure and they will be implemented.
The Central Bureau of Communication (CBC) works under the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting and is responsible for providing information on the programmes, schemes and activities of the Government of India in the country.
About 12 robbers were carrying nar rods and knives. Neighbors who tried to come to help were shot dead in the incident.
The knowledge and skills of fishing not only give you pleasure but you also get many benefits from this job.
Meanwhile, the General Secretary of the Union, Bah RL Blah, said that the Union of Rangbah Shnongs is impartial and their attendance at the meetings is because they have been invited to discuss the same issue. “The Dorbar Shnongs will be closed, the Rangbah Shnongs will come and go,” said Bah Blah. Their goal is that the government should recognize the Dorbar Shnong.
During the follow-up I found that there is money from the NEC which has allocated 30% and with the help of the Prime Minister, we have received this scheme up to Rs 3 crore for the first time”.
The Deputy Commissioner of the district, Pallav Gopal Jha, has announced the closure of the farm.
Speaking at the meeting, Prestone, who is also the National Vice President of the NPP, said that the NPP honors (L) Dr Donkupar Roy for his contribution to the formation of the MDA government. The NPP has decided not to contest in Shella Constituency but will give its full support to the UDP so that Dr Donkupar's son can win the election.
Thomas said that the current wage rate for the Unskilled is T.300 per day which has been increased to T.340 per day for the Semi-skilled. T.380 per day followed by Highly-skilled at T.420 per day.
In the religious ceremonies, the Garo language was used along with the Khasi language.
Therefore, the union demanded that the government should take action to rebuild the bridge for the safety and security of the people.
However, by the salvation of God's young Lambha, it will be proved that the worship of demons by human blood exists in this nation.
Sweetymon said that as a nation, if we want to progress in all aspects, we must eliminate all discrimination.
He gave the example of Europe where many countries use their own languages.
Our inspections will continue in many villages and sectors,” said Santosh Kumar.
There are reportedly 15 large-scale poultry farms in the area experiencing the massive deaths of chickens.
The Christian or Catholic Church and all the Protestant Churches must sell kilos of those Bibles and all those religious books written with these words, which cost tens of thousands of copies or more. .2.
He said that the state government is in the process of taking measures to encourage local entrepreneurs to participate in the start-up of tourism projects which can help the factory.
Besides the village near the road, this village to the east, has ancient resting stones built on a hill overlooking the village but this place is not known to many.
To promote tourism, the environment of Ri Sohra is one of the international tourist destinations in the world, and tourism in the form of cottage industries is an opportunity for the state residents to get closer to from this work.
Speaking on the occasion, Fr Rolandus Lyngdoh, President of the NSSS, said that the construction of the building was funded from the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund 2021-2 35 lakh rupees.
Khliehriat, Nailar 08 : Leaders and members of the Khasi Sudan Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle in collaboration with the Rangbah Shnong of Narpuh Circle and the residents of the area, today blocked the road for passing vehicles. The National Highway Authority of India (NHMA) has been responsible for the failure of the Government and the National Highway Authority of India (NHMA) to repair the road. the road closure was in effect from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
The DGP said it was decided at the meeting that in any incident, the BSF should immediately inform the police to avoid any incident.
“I am pleased that these two have confirmed the need for all 60 MLAs to contribute 10 percent of their salaries from 1st June this year to October. of 2021 in the fight against the disease," he said.
In East Garo Hills, there are six cases including five high risk contacts and one case from outside.
A warning is a clear word that forbids something from happening or prevents it from happening.
It is suspected that the office caught fire due to a power outage.
All those involved will fall into the hands of the law.
Imson scored the first goal through Oversharp Iawphniaw in the 42nd minute.
Nongpoh, June 27: U Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh today handed over a work order worth T.1.50 lakh to Raid Hopati Christian Secondary School for the construction of their quarter. teachers and also T.3 lakh to the Women's Church of Mawlong Village for the construction of a Women's Church in the village.
Kanye West has announced that he will withdraw from the presidential race after many events in his life.
Hong Kong is one of the few places in the world to remove the mask requirement.
The hearing of the case will be held on 15th November
Furthermore, the union hopes that through these face masks, the union will be of great benefit to the people especially when they travel.
Speaking on the occasion, the Major Rector of the Salesians of Don Bosco, Rev. Angel Fenandez Artime, said that his visit to Nongpoh Parish today is the second time. The Parish and the schools run by the Salesian Fathers will celebrate the 100th Anniversary of the Salesians of Don Bosco in the North East.
No.448 of 2018, he said that he has sent a press release to remove the misunderstanding from the minds of the people.
Jalayiah IVCS inaugurated the LED Bulb Assembling Unit at a meeting held on 14th November at Jalayiah.
But it is the way to create society.
Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnong of Saphai, Valentine Gino Synnah, the Officer Inspector of Saphai Police Outpost, members of the union and others.
As part of the 60th Anniversary Celebration, the school has also arranged to hold a Mini Fete on the 28th of this month from 11:00 am to 4:00 pm.
The four wheeler on the ground has been a steam car for five years,” said Marchborn's sister. “We humans don't stay the same.
In the girls' category, Nonglang Sports Club lost 4-2 to Rising Secondary School in the tie breaker.
In the Under-19 boys double category, Stephen Kharsyiem and Nangkiewshaphrang Thabah won the title while in the women's category, Caitlyne Basaiawmoit and Deishisha Thabah won the title.
After the translation of the award winning book into other languages ​​of India.
John Cliff Shabong scored 22 runs off 23 balls with the assistance of Shimonto Hajong who took two wickets and 17 runs in 3.5 overs. .
Among the dead was an employee of the SP's office in Silchar.
In the second half, Tura's openers Denikcheng Marak (2/18) and Fernando Barbaryo M Sangma (2/12) managed to score the first goal of the match. SGH to score 42/5 in 13 overs before the weather prepared for rain.
The International Mart will also be a unique programme, as it has been designed as a zero-waste program by adopting carbon reduction measures in line with the procedures introduced by the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change, the Central Government for the implementation of Mission LiFE and provide training to stakeholders and information on its objectives.
THANK YOU for your explanation about Wade and Francis Hamilton Buchanan.
Leaders of the KSU East Jaintia Hills District, who spoke included General Secretary, KS Suchiang, Finance Secretary, Shaniahskhem Dkhar, Organizing Secretary, Olenbat Pdang, President KSU Tongseng Unit, Samla W. ,Shyll and others.
He said that by building these maternity rooms at the Health Sub Centers in the rural areas which also use solar power to provide electricity, this will help to provide the best service to the patients. and especially to encourage Longkmei to bring their children to health centres, he added.
According to sources, about 16 people have signed a petition to express their no confidence in Dr Mukul Sangma as the leader.
Surprisingly, there are many dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills such as Star Cement, Dalmiya, Topcem, even Lafarge-Umiam Private Ltd in Nongtrai, East Khasi Hills and others.
One of the main reasons for this reluctance to cooperate is on the grounds that there have been too many allegations of corruption against the NPP in the past five years.
Through this victory, Chutwakhu has qualified for the semi final of the tournament.
The arrest of the suspects was made after a complaint lodged by Bhalang Sing Phanbuh who informed that a line of robbers had broken into his house in Mawkynroh. Block-3, Mawlai on July 13, 2013 and assaulted his employees using nar rods and mawit.
Replying to a question, Bah Emdor said that he hopes that the Bijou Cinema Hall will be free of charge, as at present, in 10 days, the rent of the hall will be up to T.1.10 lakh and if it continues for another day or so, if the owner of the hall allows, you have to pay more and the owner of the hall takes the percentage.
“I will go to Delhi to meet with various political parties who have agreed to work with us to oppose the Bill if it is taken to the Rajya Sabha,” he said.
Lubon Borchugrey became the first Sordar of the village.
Marak was born on 13th June 1947 in Sibbari.
In order to protect the fish in the river, the union leader urged the residents of neighboring villages like Kriangrin, Siangra, Mynniar, Thynri, Seiñduli, Mawsyrpat, Mawsaw, Nongsleh and others to other villages to cooperate in the care of fish.
The youths of Pynshongkhla expressed their appreciation for the culture and traditions by performing the mastieh dance which has been going on since ancient times.
Southeast Jowai.
Shillong: The Tourism Department of the Dorbar Shnong Shnongpdeng, Shillong, on the occasion of the special social event on 28-12-2021, has announced that water sports activities such as boating and kayaking will be closed. and others in Shnongpdeng Umngot will be closed on that date, 28-12-2
Shillong: The opposition Congress party has announced the final names of 12 candidates for the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) elections.
Jeremiah 23:3.
At this meeting, the Sengbhalang rejected their earlier demand, which demanded that the Inner Line Permit should be implemented.
The Chief Minister acknowledged that it is urgent to strengthen the police force in the state as the central police force has to leave when needed elsewhere.
She demanded that they should be prosecuted under the provisions of the Justice Juvenile Act.
Besides PT Sawkmie, UDP Mawlai Circle leaders Homer Kharkongor, President, Wanseng Jyrwa, Working President, members of UDP Mawlai and others were also present on the occasion.
:- 6009594917Email:- fedrickc11@gmail.com.
The freedom of religions in India such as Muslims, Christians, etc., has increasingly strengthened their working methods.
Therefore, we should give it to our mother so that nothing bad will happen later.
Last January, Russia shot down two drones that entered the Kremlin and in the same month, there were several drone attacks. Russia survived and shot them down.
Similarly, out of 2,383 candidates who sat for the examination this year, 1,890 candidates have passed.
It was reported in the English newspaper that the Government of India is now preparing to amend the Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution for the benefit of the Sixth Scheduled areas.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the National Highways and Infrastructure Development Corporation (NHIDCL) is still implementing the work which has been left by the company to implement the construction of the road. on the Shillong-Dawki road.
The odd number is the even number????.
There were no casualties or injuries to the soldiers inside the truck, but only the damage to the vehicle.
“However, the most different among them is only Mawpat because there is a story about it which appears clearly in the book of Bah Reginald Susngi.
However, only if we ignore the residents and ignore history, can we believe and accept the Social Agreement signed recently by the MDA Government.Shillong, Ïaïong, 3: Ïa dur The memorial to the freedom fighters of India at the Salar Jung Museum, Hyderabad as part of the Indian Independence Day celebrations. full 75 freedom.
On the other hand, Ian Campbell said that this year there have been children who have not only shown their talents, but have also broken records. encourage children to be diligent and hardworking.
“Likewise, my presence in the KSU for 40 years is the best training ground to teach how to lead, how to control the followers, how to be a leader, how to speak, how to speak in public meetings and because of the lack of training, we have reached the field of politics we can do better than those who have just left their retired jobs to enter the you're political".
He said that the complaint against Jio and Airtel companies is not providing networks in all the villages of War Jaintia. balance, and this is difficult when you have nothing to do with the church.
However, as it is now, it has shocked the village leaders, commercial vehicle drivers and the people.
In such days of science, the question arises in the minds of many and that is “Should we just throw everything away from the government?” or “If the government can provide for all our needs?" and on this subject the answer is Yes.
Mumbai also held elections today, with voter turnout in the city reaching 52%, up 11% since
In the midst of the violence, Paul Leong, the KHADC police did not back down, but went ahead with their work and went downstairs to close down the shops illegally occupied by bars. At 11.42 pm, Paul Leong shook hands with the Superintendent of Enforcement, Bah Polan Sohphoh, and immediately a voice came from behind, 'Maro- Maro' and immediately 15-16 foreigners turned to the police and bombed them with sticks which they had not prepared. they were covered with prek and all kinds of weapons.
T.1,33,600 tyngka has been recovered from these vehicles and 6868 cases have been registered, said the SP of East Khasi Hills. Bah M Kharkrang.
Not only that, even if you fall, if you don't reach the water, you will be called a demon-dwelling pond, while if you do, the one who knows and is trained falls to the bottom and understands the value of falling.
Kim-Marie dressed herself in the wedding dress she had prepared with Mark, also in her best dress, while Louis conducted the wedding and Ruby was the photographer.
The JBCC has lodged a complaint against Congress MLA Sniawbhalang for allegedly engaging in anti-party activities by campaigning in all the villages in Jowai LA Constituency to appoint a candidate from the Jowai LA Constituency. Congress MLA Dr. RC Laloo who is also the Deputy Chief Minister of the state.
I would like to congratulate the MLA for raising this issue and hope that the suggestion will be implemented one day for the benefit of the community in the state as a whole.
The National Assembly of Pakistan was dissolved on 9th July and general elections were supposed to be held within 90 days of the dissolution of the National Assembly.
Shillong, July 09 : UDP President Bah Metbah, who is also the candidate for the Mairang constituency in the upcoming elections, has expressed his surprise at the decision of the National People's Party (NPP). to not contest against him from Mairang.
Research suggests that 85% of those who are concerned about this skin infection are related to sun exposure and exposure to excessive exposure to the skin.
Bangladeshi officials who arrived on board the bus included Md Azharul Islam Khan, Joint Secretary, Ministry of Road Transport and Bridges.
Even now God asks people.
Shillong: The Voice of the People (MDA-II) Government led by Conrad K. Sangma as Prime Minister has refused to listen to the request of the party to reappoint the employees of the Lokayukta office. The party (VPP) will hold a protest in front of the Meghalaya Secretariat on Thursday, 19th of this month, 2024 during office hours from 10.00 am to 4.30 pm.
There will probably be many who will disagree with me, but I hope there will also be some who will accept and agree with me.
Nongpoh, July 29: The lack of attention of the state government to implement the schemes of the central government has been revealed today during the inspection of a project by the Dorbar Shnong Umbuda. The 'Houses for Urban Poor' has been allocated by the Government of Meghalaya at a cost of Rs 7.80 crore in Umbuda Village, Ri Bhoi District.
On the other hand, Bah Michael has donated Rs 1,21,000 for the beautification and development of Kongthong.
According to reports, the runners have continued to return to their jobs since last week.
The Dorbar Kur does not have the authority to prohibit its brother or sister from marrying a Dkhar or a mynder for a day.
Speaking to Rupang, Rongrin said that these Bangladeshis came from Langpih area and intended to turn to the more remote villages in Mawshynrut area by pretending to be Bangladeshis. However, the union suspects that these foreign suspects have also the intention to take advantage of the opportunity to get married so that they can easily infiltrate the village.
It is obvious that the strike has not worked especially in Shillong where the vehicles carrying goods and trucks are running and stopping as usual every day.
Govt HSS beat BM Pres SS 3-0 and Lurmangkara UPS beat BBC SS 2-0 in the U-17 category.
Furthermore, he said that it is necessary for the State Government to build special areas to collect rainwater.
“Besides, I urge you to take action on the incident which happened in Ballonggre where two girls were hit by a dumper which fled and caused serious injuries to one of them,” said Marak. .
“The Modi government has ignored the incident in the North East and this is the blindness and power grab of the BJP,” he said.
The JSU has also expressed its anger after witnessing the backwardness of the hospital, and what is more upsetting to the JSU leaders is that the government has neglected this area after more than 12 years of receiving. but the government has not taken action to provide health facilities.
Shillong, July 12: The United Democratic Party (UDP), the largest ethnic party in the state, has held a meeting to discuss how to get a peaceful President without any conflict.
The Congress and the AIUDF have 25 or 13 members respectively in the Assam Assembly.
Dhar expressed hope in discussing the issue this year.
As usual, the final decision on the ticket for the MLA elections is in the hands of the All India Congress Committee (I). It is understood that Vincent Pala MP Shillong has supported Dr Pariong to be the party's candidate from Nongstoin.
He also alleged that the government's lack of action on the report shows that there is an intention to cover up and hide these corruption cases by the government ministers and state government officials.
Under the implementation of this scheme, the distribution of ration will be distributed through the Targeted Public Distribution System (TPDS) from 1st July,
However, they don't know that once they have become alcoholics, they have to experience a little bit to know the taste and strength of alcohol.
Interestingly, there are reports in Canada that there are no electricity meters.
It was felt that in today's era of media freedom and in accordance with the Government's firm stand to maintain the independence of the media, this old Act does not suit the circumstances of these times. now.
Regarding the ease of recruitment conducted by the MPSC from time to time, the Seng has found that applicants have to wait for 4-5 years for the recruitment to be completed.
Former Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma said that this is due to the hard work of the former government together with various political parties and also the determination of the ANVC to bring peace in the state.
The Sixth Schedule of the Constitution also speaks of the rights of minorities who are tribals.
ELON Musk, one of the world's richest men, has announced that he will soon develop a technology that will operate the human brain and it will start research next month.
Meanwhile, zinc helps strengthen the immune system and is a source of strength for poor women.
“When they went to the 2018 election, they came to apply for the ticket to contest the election from the Congress party, and we should see why they should be allowed to enter as they please. They should leave as they please because not only have they left the Congress party, but they have upset and upset many of our supporters”.
Therefore, the target for next year is that all district associations will start holding Golden Baby Leagues to promote football.
This was announced by the Speaker and Chairman of the HPC after the opening of the meeting.
The funeral service was held at the residence of the two brothers and the last service was continued at the cemetery of Nongrah Catholic Church by Fr Glorius Syiemlieh.
The Congress Working Committee (CWC) will meet next month to discuss Rahul Gandhi's proposal.
Shillong: There have been 232 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 276 recoveries and 4 deaths, of which 3 have not been injected.
The Government has also amended the Meghalaya Passengers and Good Taxation Act 1972 to collect tax on vehicles and goods.
If so, where will the future of the region go? Another thing I would like to point out here is the lack of encouragement to know or see the presence of mentally challenged individuals who walk up and down the highways (NH- 6) Lad Rymbai and Khliehriat without the authority to look after and take care of these people even on the order of the Hon'ble Meghalaya High Court through PIL No.1/2015 issued on .2015 that all District Managers have been sent to ensure that persons with mental disabilities should not be left in public places or in any places that may endanger them. and he stirred up the multitudes that walked and stood.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday said that the promise of other ethnic parties in their manifesto to amend the Reservation Policy is only a promise. jop election.
Nothing can be added to it, nor taken away from it: God made it, that men might fear before him" Ecclesiastes 3:12-1
George Dkhar (3), B Kurbah (34) and Fairly L Nongbri (67) scored the goals for Mawpat while Pynnehbok Pyngrope (70+1) for Mawpat.
Meghalaya has thousands of students applying for admission to Under Graduate and Post Graduate courses every year.
The oldest MLA from 1972 to 2013 is Rangbahmarwei, who is the oldest to contest the 2018 election from Mawkyrwat since
He encouraged the children to overcome these challenges that we as human beings face in our daily lives.
“The overcharging of toll gate fees is an insult to the residents of Jaintia Hills and if the NHAI does not take action to improve the toll gate fees in the right manner, “The Association has won six gold and five silver medals in the tournament,” said Mihsalan Dhar, Publicity Secretary AJTCVA. The match will be played on the 13th of this month against Dastbi Mixed Martial Arts, Guwahati Assam.
Customize:Since the Juk u Kñi has disappeared, because he has stayed many days and nights with his children and wife, the food of the head of the khiew in the household has been replaced by women, and in the households of the Khasi Christians. I don't know what to do.
Khapmara, Nailar, 06: The construction of a new bridge at Dwar Ksuid in Ri Bhoi District has started at a cost of T.9.70 crore.
He said that this training program will be one of the opportunities for the youth to become skilled football players and he expressed his satisfaction to know that the dream foundation will produce many programs. provide a variety of training, not just in football.
Bah Titostarwell Chyne who gave the advice urged the youth to respect and live disciplinedly by avoiding bad habits and said that this is not the first time for him to participate in the competition. He said that he will continue to be involved with the club in the coming days as long as he is in power as a leader.
The Syiem of Sohra Hima has written to the Superintendent of Majai Land Custom Station regarding the indefinite closure of the Umdud-Zero Point road. This is in violation of the temporary order of the Meghalaya High Court which allowed the Hima to charge T.200 per vehicle for using the road from Umdud to Zero Point and ordered to improve this road.
Speaking to reporters, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlyndep, Bah Jinu Kharbuki and Joybynta Syiemiong, President of the Kiew Shaphrang Village Organization, said that all the garbage that flows into the Umiam Lake is from the Umiam Lake. They flow from two rivers in Shillong, namely the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers.
“For example, some of the opinions have been raised about the Khasi Prime Minister in 2023, there has never been such a case in Garo Hills.
The Bolero belonged to Subhash Dkhar of Lad Rymbai who lodged a complaint with the Lad Rymbai Police Station.
All the owners of the parks are invited to attend.
Shillong: The Executive Engineer (PHE), GSWS Division No-II, Mawphlang, on Tuesday said that a 750mm water pipe collapsed in the CI Gravity Main of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme at Mawkriah village at 8:30 am. On the 29th of November, 2021, there will be no water supply in Shillong until Saturday evening, which means the 2nd of April this year.
This happened after the proposal to build a railway line in Khasi Hills has faced strong opposition from various political parties for fear of infiltration by the authorities.
Not only that, the MDA (NPP) Government's praise of the Ministers who have been appointed is only a lie because they know that if they do not praise the door will not be open at any moment to be thrown into the. time that they don't think about.
Similarly, 31 Mizo students from Manipur have returned to Mizoram due to the continuing unrest in the state, they added.
Speaking to reporters, Rangbah Shnong Bah M Wankhar said that the troops under the leadership of Station Commandant Brig Amrit Lal have sought permission from the village authorities to allow them to build the well. We have told them to stop immediately,” said Wankhar.
The Meghalaya Athletics Association (MAA) has congratulated these athletes, coach Pleasantly Synnah and physio Maradona. I would also like to thank Mrs. Isawanda Laloo IAS for her support to the team in the travel for the players.
JU Kharpuri served as EAC of Amlarem Sub Division in 2014 and on 17th March 2015 and 9th October 2017 she was Incharge as SDO Civil and BDO in Amarem. Block.
Meghalaya will be ready to face Karnataka on Friday.
He said that the 4 lane road has to wait until the water pipes have been installed because they have to run together but if there are no water pipes, the road will be completed.
This happened at about 2 pm on Tuesday.
“We are not satisfied with the intention of these Defenders of the Country (Rangmen) to take over the land in Nongsder. The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) through its Working President Bah Bandari Ryntathiang has given its support to the JAC. Nongstoin, July 8: The election is still far away and it is not yet clear when it will be held, but it is known that many candidates in West Khasi Hills these days From Rambrai constituency, eight candidates have applied for tickets from the HSPDP to contest the mid-term MDC elections.
At the same time, the CEM said, “For six months now, we have asked for clarification on the Bill, but the MDC has been silent. with a smile".
above).
The JAC said that it has already sent letters to the Governor, Asst Engineer of MTDC Shillong, Managing Director of MTDC Shillong, Commissioner & Secretary of Tourism Department, MLA of the area and others but no one has responded. take action on this matter.
A total of six persons have been arrested and 93.92 grams of drugs have been seized so far.
At the same time, Shah announced that the Act contains a provision to punish those involved in mob lynching.
In the KHADC Dorbar, Bah T.Dkhar said that there is no re-new for those licenses which have expired (one year as set by the KHADC). they still need a license they will come to practice with a new license.
There will be a march by groups from Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat Higher Secondary School, Sein Jait Tuber Hr Secondary School and others from Sutnga and Rymbai.
These are problems that could lead to famine or food shortages in the days and times ahead if we don’t see far.
That is why we have taken the initiative to bring them to the Hima office rather than to the forest so that they can get protection, peace in food, drink, sleep and shelter. and different from their presence in the wild.
“When I see Toïaibha standing on the foundation to reach the goal, it touches my soul and I understand that it is not too late to chase the goal and follow the dream,” he said. Marbarisha, speaking before the 5th Meghalaya Games.
We believe that chess will encourage farmers to plant trees if we have officers who help to be with the farmers.
There are also pictures of merchants, vendors and walkers standing with forty kinds of spectators.
The Principal has lodged a complaint with the Principal regarding the song.
“I am in the UDP and I expect the party to think carefully because everyone says yes, they want to But until now they haven't decided or fought anything and I think they are still thinking.
“This is the future of the farmers because this also affects the income of the state as a whole.
He said that the number of shootings and shootings in the US has increased in recent days and in addition, there are still many shooting incidents across the United States that happen every year. sun.
The Seng also warns the UPFKL that if it wants to fight, the Seng is ready to take to the battlefield.
Nongpoh, November 22: U MLA of Nongpoh Constituency, Bah Mayral Born Syiem today inaugurated the office of the A Monlang Village Organization at Umling Lambrang village. completely.
On the occasion, Lidia Thorpe said that this time she will not hesitate to reveal the truth and what happened to her, because the elders and men involved in the House. They are powerful and always use words that affect the dignity of women, they touch or hold women in an inappropriate manner and they use force against women. women because they know they have more power than women.
The meeting was attended by leaders of all the Christian groups in the group and also political leaders from various parties including the HSPDP, BJP, AITC, UDP, PDF; while the Congress and NPP did not take part.
At the same time, speaking on the fight against mining, Donald said that the fight against mining will be continuous, not just halfway, by “If UCIL wants to mine the mineral, it must first mine our body or blood vessels, and if it can do so, UCIL can mine the ", said Mr. Donald.
“We accept the demand for Garoland but we don't accept it if it affects our land,” said KHADC Executive Member Latiplang Kharkongor.
The event will be attended by the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, Home Minister, Amit Shah, Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sharma and others.
This has resulted in a 66% increase in production.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh said the party is facing difficulties in appointing Pius as the post has been filled.
John 9:16.
Because if you choose the wrong leader, you will have the biggest problem later.
Instead of speaking with the word 'sngewbha' or 'map' with a smile on their faces, they show insult to those who have grown up.
The award was given as part of the encouragement and pride because they are from Mawshynrut area and these children include Wanrishisha Khoksi and Julita Langrin.
There was also a stone throwing at the vehicle of the SP of West Jaintia Hills as he was leaving a meeting with the Karbi Anglong District authorities.
Sadhiarani M Sangma (IVDC) 57- Dalu (ST) Sengkal A Sangma 58- Rongra- Siju (ST) Dr Rajesh M Marak 59- Chokpot (ST) Lazarus M Sangma (NILA) Mukul M Sangma is also an MLA from Rupang.
I believe this happened because Jesus Christ, the founder of the Christian Church, was a Palestinian.
The peace agreement was signed in the presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Home Minister Rajnath Singh. .
However, he said that as a leader, he has expressed his concern many times about the work of MCCL in the State Legislative Assembly because it affects many people whether it is in his constituency or not. who is also.
Speaking as the chief guest, Mr. Wankit Swer, GM, KM, MBMA/MBDA, praised the initiative taken by DPMU, EKH to introduce such a program which is necessary and will not be a bad thing. Remember the honor given to those champions or entrepreneurs who are the winners in their work to improve the income of the community by taking many kinds of employment through IVCS, PG (Producer Groups), VEC (NRM) and private individuals who are founders and employers of others.
The Meghalaya Joint Committee of Commercial Vehicles Association (WJHTODA) has launched a campaign against the local taxi owners and drivers of commercial vehicles in Jowai. 3rd of this month.
SP City Vivek Syiem, said that if you have any questions, please contact the Officer Incharge of Mawlai PS on +919436115536 ​​or Land Line
Like Mount Zaphon of the Canaanites who believed it to be the abode of the god Baal.
Have you lived for two years?” “According to the government's estimates, it has spent T.816 crore to fight against Covid-19. “How have they spent that T.816 crore? We will not allow it to go to waste,” said Bah Ardent.
Nimarson Momin was a UDP MLA from Salmanpara constituency and was elected for the last time in 2008, when he was re-elected as a Minister of State.
I remind you of the Green Revolution in the country but we still need to produce more food and therefore we need to get more fertile seeds to be able to feed ourselves”.
Albert Maring, Ri Bhoi distIt's true...Great leaders, we must vote for themI don't know if George will join the TMC, but if he joins the Congress, UDP or VPP. TMC, I believe it would be better if he was in the Congress, UDP or VPP.
The program will be launched by the Prime Minister on 7th July,
After several meetings between the governments of the two states, they initially decided to resolve the seven disputed areas out of the twelve, of which the seven areas include Tarabari. , Gizang, Hahim, Boklapara, Khanapar-Pilingkata and Ratacherra.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) through its President Lawyerson War on Tuesday said that the government should not play with the spirit of people through festivals as a sign of opposition to the Meghalaya government's plan. to hold the Meghalayan Age Festival.
In this regard, the AEEE has launched a research project to assess the feasibility and availability of converting public and commercial vehicles into electric vehicles in these areas. northeastern parts of the country.
“If there is a way, the UDP as a party will accept to lead the EC in KHADC,” said Bah Mawthoh.
Shillong: Shipara FC have beaten KD Gangsta FC in the Independence Penalty Cup on 15th July, 2022 at Madan Heh Mini Stadium, Mawlai. Purple, Shillong.
It is the best news and the best way to know about others.
Ridahun Taro of St John's HSS won the best athlete award and in the boys category, Afty Mawphiang Raid Nongbri Presbyterian SS won the best athlete award. In the U-16 category, Ameshka Majhong of St. Alfred SS won the best athlete title and Kitbok Bey of St. Alfred SS won the title for boys. Joseph's SS.In the U-18 category, Milin Lyngdoh of St Paul's SS won the best athlete for women and Bankitbok Lyngdoh of RBP Higher won the title for boys. Secondary School.
Larry Najiar and Boldness L.Nongum as Block-1 Rangers, Douglas Wahlang and Anthony Kharmalki as Block-II Rangers, Womcome Chyrnet as Block-III Rangers, Budlang Passah and Standhope K. Sanlang as Block-IV Rangers, Badon Lyngdoh and Kyrshan Kharnaior as Block-V Rangers, John Lymba and Timothy J. Dhar as Block-VI Rangers, u Bah Namphrang Hynniewta and Bah Lakgopal L Nongum as the Rangbah Dong of Block-VII.
He said that the people of the area are now in fear especially due to the daily violence against the Khasi residents in the border areas.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Bah Renikton announced that T.10 crore has been allocated for the water supply system in Shilliang Myntang and the work will start soon.
Frm Batti K.naior
According to a statement from the Sports & Youth Affairs Department of the State Government, an “agreement” has been signed between the club and the Sports Department to promote football in the state.
Before he left for Raj Bhavan, Biren Singh's supporters gathered in front of his house in Imphal today and demanded that he should not step down from the post of Chief Minister. the state.
Without knowing the truth, you don't have to send it back.
These four boys from the state will be ready to compete in the 50M freestyle, breast troke, butterfly and breaskstroke events.
Blood is the most precious thing in human life.
He said that sports is one of the ways to free people from bad habits like drugs and alcohol which are harmful to the body of users.
At present, there are beautiful private places in the river which can attract tourists from all over the country. The state government through the Tourism Department has spent up to Rs. ,00,000/- (one crore) for the beautification of Iooksi Kupli Park.
Announcing the decision, Bah ED Nongsiang, Chairman of JACATAM, said that the government is counting on the teachers while the language is being praised.
He said this has been witnessed from the constituencies of Salmanpara, Gambegre and Kharkutta.
The workshop brought together people from all walks of life to come and explore the potential of the flower farming industry in Meghalaya.
In the next question, Bah Lyngdoh also asked about the construction of the western bypass which has been implemented along with the four-lane project.
Other recipients of the award include Bashai Sohtun from Pomlakrai, Dameris Khongwet from Tangmang, Trebith Ch.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: Today, although it is Sunday, the residents of Pynursla area have been able to deposit and exchange T.500 and T.1000 notes at all the banks in Pynursla.
Planning Minister MA Mannan made the announcement at a video conference meeting of the Cabinet meeting chaired by Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina. .
The antioxidant content of this tea is about 50 to 100 percent if you mix it with a little soy sauce.
The union has also vowed that if the State Pollution Department and the district authorities do not do anything on this issue, the union will use the force to shut down the factory so that the people especially the school children can Don't worry because this is a murder by this company.
At the same time, the Hima Mylliem would be pleased if the Governor would visit the market to see the condition of the market.
The goal of the UCC is to eliminate all these regulations in various ways and to have only one law.
Returning to one of the tourist attractions in Shnong Tynnai, the tourists praised the beauty of the place because from here you can see the land of Bangladesh if the sky is clear.
Amidst the protests by the people, Bah Ardent said that there are some Ministers of the current government who say that the VPP should reveal the truth about the allegations of corruption against it.
It is not easy for those who are still low income or those who are still low income.
He said there was also a Farmer Parliament last year where there were decisions that the government is still examining for the farmers.
The delegation led by Ajay Gaude as CEO and Shidesh Shripad Naik, Chairman of the Zilla Panchayat of North Goa met with the CEM of the Council, Bah PN Syiem, Chairman Bah Lamphrang Blah. Deputy CEM PN Syiem, Mylliem MDC RV Lyngdoh and others.
Rgh.Rijoy Singh Khongshah wrote about the Khasi traditional thought, as follows: “The greatness of the Khasi traditional thought is not inferior to the greatness of the traditional thought of other peoples. earth".
This Dorbar Elaka will be held at Darrang near Umngot River (Ïing Wah) at 10 pm on the 13th August 2022. At the same time, Pa Dalloi requests all those who work in tourism in the surrounding area of ​​the Elaka to suspend their work from 9 pm until the end of the Dorbar so that it will not disrupt the Dorbar which was scheduled to be held on that day.
However, how to attract voters to the polls is another area that still needs to be rethought.
He added that the groups of commercial vehicle drivers should not take advantage of this situation. petrol and diesel and in which they also demanded that the Government should forgive their tax returns, the Government has already looked into and approved all these demands.
He criticized the former leaders of the state who have acted so stingily that the burden has fallen on the present generation in relation to the border issue.
The closure of churches has been going on for almost two months and at the same time, we have lost many other religious services and these include many Shad Suk Mynsiem, their large gatherings. different churches and it is for the same reason for the curfew.
It is obvious that Wanglet does not know the cultural characteristics of the state especially the women.
“We have already selected this site and the urban affairs department will continue to look for more sites for the resettlement of the Harijans,” he said.
The MDA government has not found any other people who can carry out this task.
In his short speech, Ingty said it was a pleasure to be present at the launch of this vehicle of the Tata Company today.
Today, Shillong received 4.9mm of rainfall and Umiam received 0.2mm.
The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has vowed to take strict action and punish those who smuggle illegal drugs and foreigners who trade and work without proper documents within the council's boundary. The meeting was held by the Executive Member in charge of Taxation and Trading by Non-Tribal, Winning G Sungoh and Village Leaders of Jowai on Tuesday.
Shillong: Assam Chief Minister Piyush Hazarika on Tuesday said that the Khanduli incident was the act of robbers because Assam loves the people of Meghalaya and wants to resolve the border issue. with your heart.
During the inspection, the Minister of PWD today found that the work is in progress, where the land clearing has almost been completed and the most difficult work remains. long, for the construction of two bridges, 5 kilometers long, about 50 meters long and another larger bridge, 7 kilometers long and about 70 meters long.
Earlier, a Bangladeshi citizen was arrested by the BSF while trying to cross the International Border into India.
Temples and churches were often closed because of the plague.
Bah Shylla said that the harvesting period is also very long because it can harvest only 3-4 cows at a time, while if they harvest themselves, it is only 7-8 cows in the area. There is not enough space to keep the cows in this area, and there is not enough food.
The committee has been set up for a long time and has not done any work and if you cannot complete it within six months what will happen,” said Bah Kharkrang.
The body of the handyman of AS 01 DD 4496, Bishujit Chakabarty, 36, was found by the SDRF team about 400 feet from the head of the truck. the road in Lumshnong.
At the same time, the union urges the CDPO, Amlarem to clarify where the order to dismiss those who do not have Aadhar came from and on what date the order was issued. Therefore, the party for the benefit of the people does not hesitate to come forward to stand against this law, as it affects a lot especially those poor families who are unemployed.
Dr. Kushanava Pabi in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong Bah L.Nongkhlaw in the presence of the Club President Rtn.
He said that the allegation that he did not want to open the company is groundless as he said that he cannot use force if the company has the necessary documents but He said that the investigation is ongoing, but if it is successful, there will be no reason to ban it because it will be difficult for the Council to respond to the court. license.
The property they donated is located on the hillside east of the ponds and accommodation built for visitors.
The seed distribution meeting was conducted by Pynchngaiñ Rymbai President and CAU R1 seeds were distributed by Pyntngenlang Kyndait General Secretary.
You are asked to arrive at the stadium at exactly 9:30 am.
When the Jowai District Council came into operation on 9.7.1969, a meeting was held at the office of the Secretary of the TA&WBC Department of Assam in which he was the Chairman.
On the other hand, scientist Lakyntiew said, “Farmers have to fertilize the soil, because if the soil is full of pesticides, there will be a time when the soil will die and become unfertile.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, today informed the public that there are hotels for those patients who have yet to receive their results. covid 19, but these are hotels, which have to pay the price.
“The previous government did not implement the schemes of the central government properly and this government will implement them properly,” he said.
Therefore, he encouraged them to continue to work hard and do their job honestly with the understanding of having one goal.
Rupang asked Bah Jansi whether the leaders of the Ri-War area have helped him in his journey. I thank them for helping us buy the votes,” he said.
The Chief Organizer of the UDP-Umthlong Circle, Bah Patsha Mylliem Umlong, has handed over his resignation letter to the post of Secretary of the UDP-Umthlong Circle.
He said the VPP stands to strengthen the District Councils.
Besides their talents, they also have their own special interests in writing poetry.
Shillong: The deaths today are James Bright D. Sangma, 45, of Santogre, Salmanpara, South West Garo Hills, Wellwinley Kharshiing, 55, of Laban, East Khasi Hills. Woidis Swer, (50) of Amlarem, West Jaintia Hills, and Orphida Shylla, (65) of Ummulong, Thadlaskein, West Jaintia Hills.
Christmas 2020 has passed, but the ILP talks are still in the wilderness.
JOWAI: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nartiang Circle has announced that it will award the Mait Shaphrang Academic Awards 2019 to those students who have passed well in various examinations.
They said that if these markets are allowed once a day in the border areas, it will be a big threat even after the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has declared a curfew. days to protect the citizens of the country from the COVID19 pandemic.
Shillong: The Government of Meghalaya today continued to experience heavy rainfall of 332.0mm from 8.30 am to 8.30 pm.
However, before taking this decision, we need a public hearing”.
During the meeting, it was explained that the teachers of the school have been suspended from their salaries since July 2017 until now, just because of the complaint of Kong Linaris. Kharbani from Langpih, daughter of Bah Dominic Wahlang, Sordar of Langpih.
There are 28 patients at Mawkyrwat CHC so far whom UHM Mawkyrwat Circle has donated.
Nongpoh, March 14: The Lamjingshai Pahamshiken Village Organization, which includes 7 SHGs of Pahamshiken Village, has celebrated its 3rd Anniversary. I have decided to serve in the village especially to encourage the women to stand on their own feet.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The JAC Hima Jirang will hold a public meeting on the 17th of this month at the Dorbar Hall Mynnar Jirang at 11.30 am to discuss the issues raised by the JAC. The KHADC has summoned the JAC and the Syiem to appear before the JAC on the 27th of this month. Please attend the meeting at the appropriate time to discuss the future.
When asked how far the Congress is concerned to win the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong especially after winning only three seats in the Assembly elections, MPCC President Vincent H. Pala said: “Of course, it is very difficult for the Congress this time after the departure of the party leaders and workers last year but no matter where we go we get the love of the people in manla meetings that you have held.
Regarding the bridge at Sonapur, Prestone said that the work of repairing the bridge is ongoing and within 45 days, they will be able to complete the bridge.
After the recovery of the body, the police suspected that the man had drowned, because from what the police found in the body, it was found that he had no body. and whatsoever is in thy body.
Shillong Lajong FC will play against Northeast United FC on the 4th of July at the Indira Gandhi Athletic Stadium in Guwahati.
She recalled that on the 6th of this month, they came to the same hospital, and the authorities said that they were nearby and that they would come with a knife, but they left this morning. They refused, just because their village is a containment zone.
US troops have destroyed an ISIS camp after receiving information about the camp through social media.
The San Shnong Cluster Level Federation was established on 22nd July 2021 and started with five VO members and 162 SHG members. They also included the President, CLF, B.Dkhar, Secretary, Nadona Dkhar and Vice-President, CLF, I.Phawa.
“At present, the demand for electricity is very high and the price of electricity is low and these companies that used to supply electricity don't want to supply us with electricity anymore and this has brought us to this point,” he said. .
He said that one of the major tasks is to strengthen the security forces in the state as the lack of implementation has seriously affected the economic development in the state.
For this purpose, the organizations should meet with the police as soon as possible.
The Forum prays for peace and harmony in the State and the country as a whole, and at the same time for those who have been infected with the Corona virus and the impact of this disease across the country. earth.
The new cases include EGH: 1, EJH: 1, EKH: 47, RBD: 5, WGH: 1, WJH: 1 and WKH:
The ritual of Behdein khlaw is one that we should follow.
Not only that, India's population is said to have surpassed that of China.
The Government has already allocated funds as part of the support for the construction of the annex building, which shows its commitment to strengthen the judiciary.
Make border work your top priority.
In order to avoid disruption in the operations of banks, the exchange of T.2,000 to other currencies will be limited to T.20,000 at any time in any bank. from January 23, 2023 to November 30, 2023.
Jonathan Shylla, ADC of East Jaintia Hills District, said that there are still many shortcomings in the health department in the district. He said that there are still many women who have not come to hospitals to give birth.
The lucky draw was held as part of the fundraising campaign for the construction of the EJDCA ground. The lucky draw was held on the 25th of November.
“We will hold a meeting with the party leaders in Delhi and we will take a decision (on the Autonomous District Council and Lok Sabha elections),” he said.
Ardent also alleged that the MDA government has not owned the schemes of the central government and said that the Prime Minister and the Symbud Prime Minister have increased the salaries of MLAs and candidates. to say that they have worked hard to bring about development schemes.
Tel Aviv: The war between Israel and Hamas militants has entered its ninth day and the Israel Defense Force (IDF) says it is well prepared for the offensive. This will include air, land and sea attacks.
Another thing that has been seen from the incident in Thangskai is that the police not only attacked the people, but some policemen misused their power, by touching, kicking and beating. to the people,.
Speeches were also delivered by the Chairman, President of the Women's Wing, Head Teacher, Bah S.Rynjah.
Justice Srikrishna, Chief of the Data Protection Commission, said that the linking of Aadhaar numbers with voter lists is dangerous and threatens the citizens and in India we do not have a Data Protection Law. or laws to protect personal information we provide to government agencies, banks and others.
They also demanded the release of Angelbeth and the arrest of those who recorded videos and uploaded them on social media.
Police, after seeing that the youth sustained serious injuries especially bleeding from the head, rushed him to the Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment.
According to a statement issued by Bah JS Marbaniang, resident of Mawsynram, he expressed his dissatisfaction to know that the electricity supply in the city is smooth from 2:00am to 5:00 am (only three hours in the morning). ).
Thus, the Shynrang is the kur of the mother, the brother and sister and the women are the kur of the mothers of the son and brother.
Satellite images showed about 500 military vehicles and weapons in Shenzhen, on the outskirts of Hong Kong's port.
Here we must not forget that football fans used to express and write in the newspapers in the 1980s that the government should take over the Race Course land to build an Indoor Stadium and the wooden bridge to lead to the Golf Link. (1st ground) was rebuilt with dewbilat and opened before the visit of Pope John Paul to Shillong in June
He said that the training by the TMC, which will give 1000 rupees to the youth per month, is like giving fish to those who want fish but the BJP itself has a basis for not giving 1000 rupees per month. BJP wants to teach fish farmers to get fish lynter.
Pasqualina Lamare, Project Coordinator, said that they have to create children's songs to teach especially the school children to clean their hands regularly.
Jowai: The Chief Executive Member of JHADC, Thombor Shiwat today called an emergency meeting of the council employees to discuss the issue of non-payment of salaries of the council employees for the past 7 months. the decision of the employees to strike by not going to work if the EC cannot pay their salaries.
The Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Demthring, West Jaintia Hills District, as part of the fight against COVID-19 (Coronavirus), has decided to ban all persons who from outside the village to enter and leave Demthring, except those who have received a car pass from the District authorities.
Nikhil Lyngkhoi scored the second goal in the 57th minute.
Others who attended the ceremony included Rev.ES Sapuh, President, S Phawa, Secretary, SS Syiemlieh, I/c Deputy Commissioner, EJH, Kong R Passah, CDPO, F Dhar, President Kyrmen Foundation and others. parents of 42 PwDs with disabilities and community leaders.
The Congress has not yet elected its leader immediately and has said it will wait for Rahul Gandhi, who is currently in the United States, to return before taking a new decision.
On the 19th of June, police received a complaint that on the 18th of June, the body of the child was found from the house of a resident of Umtyngar.
To respect and protect the rights of women and others who are gender-diverse.
Speaking to Rupang, Khan said he took the decision to contest the MDC election because it was the wish of the people who wanted and urged him to contest.
Speeches were delivered by Treiborlang Suchen, HANM President L Kharbani, KSU West Jaintia Hills President Laitphar Syngkrem and others who condemned the KAAC for setting up the gate at Khanduli. demanded that the KAAC should be removed immediately.
Before independence, the 25 Khasi Himas signed the Social Instrument of Accession and the Annexed Agreement at Shillong for several days from November 15, 1947 to October 19, Sir Akbar Hydari, Governor of Assam.
The transportation and vehicle fees for the delivery of these items under these schemes will be paid by the Government to the Wholesalers or Dealers as usual from time to time.
“We don't know by which means but the government should implement the ILP and the state government should force the central government on this,” he said.
In another development, Health Minister AL Hek said that the two persons are BSF personnel and they fell ill yesterday.
Lockheed Martin Corp. and Raytheon Missile & Defense Corp. have been banned by the Chinese government from buying or selling Chinese-related goods.
But he said all this has happened without any basis because of the misguided leadership of the Biden administration.
However, we see that there are other political party leaders who don't care at all and speak whatever comes to their mouths.
Marleki Suchiang defeated Mynnu in the final.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 82734 out of which 80411 have recovered and 1431 have died.
They also decided not only to work for the victory of the NPP candidates, but as the youth under the banner of the NPYF, they will also play a role in providing the best service for the community. and also to promote the welfare and development of the people in Ri Bhoi and the state as a whole.
He said that even the NEHU has recognized the Khasi subject as compulsory but the MBOSE has removed it.
Raju said everyone has seen the punishment against IIPM, the same punishment should be done against CMJ University.
God's Word tells us that.
We hope that this exhibition will think and encourage some farmers in Khasi-Jaintia.
There have been many allegations and rumors about the fire at St. Peter's School where some of the neighbors have alleged that Patrick has already stolen his valuables from the school. “These are just unfounded allegations, I didn't take a single weapon from school, how can I take a weapon when the day before the incident it was school time, you don't think they were stupid. “These are the only allegations that I cannot accept at all,” he said.
Shillong: As part of the protest against the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019, the Chief Ministers of the State today held a public meeting near the YMCA Mawkhar in which the people came to take part. at this public meeting.
Shillong: Two women and one man have tested positive for COVID-19, Shillong, today in a meeting with Bah Lakmen Rymbui, MLA Amlarem constituency. Jowai.
The JCCRP has decided to set up a Core Committee to discuss the new recruitment quota in the State.
They also discussed the lack of storage facilities for used thyrnia and handkerchiefs.
Shillong: The Union Minister of State for Animal Husbandry, Dairying and Fisheries, Sanjeev Kumar Balyan is currently in the state to oversee the works and schemes within the ministry which are being implemented in the state.
Is it a sin to be angry, while outside they are doing theft and cheating, but I tell you the people if you give money take it but on the 27th of this month vote in the shap u prah " he said.
“I telephoned the Chief Secretary and asked him if it was true and he admitted it was true.
Earlier, only men used drugs but now even young girls are involved in drug use," he added.
During the celebration with the children of the three orphanages, the Naki Thiar group also distributed clothes to all the children, where they also received food. Enjoy the Christmas cake, accompanied by dancing and singing with the participation of the children of these orphanages.
Guwahati: The National Commission for Minorities (NMC) has suspended the order of the Meghalaya government to evict metor drivers from their homes. , which is now in Mawlong market.
Two bodies (Saptadip and Babli Roy) have been recovered from the incident, said Rajkumar Jamatia of Khowai Police Station. and the next day the body of Moutusi was found.
People today often don't remember God anymore. They want education, there are schools and colleges, there are hospitals, doctors and nurses. we can have it all.
Cast me not off in the time of old age; forsake me not when my strength faileth.
These children informed the elders of the village, where they broke the items, near the Pamphyrnai pond in Ksehkohlong village.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: A meeting between JACATAM teachers and the Director of DSEL today discussed the demand that the government should take over only the posts of teachers in the state as in other states of the country. India.
Mekala Kurmayya, from Chinnamunugal Chad in Mahbubnagar district of Telengana, was supposed to go to her office to collect her pension, but she did not have the money to buy a mask. He went to the forest and looked for a bird's nest and as soon as he found the bird's nest, he covered his head and mouth and went to the government office.
Shillong, November 04: The Joint Action Committee (JACSO) is a coalition of various political parties in South West Khasi Hills District such as the SSSS, HYC, FKJGP, HNYF, HANM, WKSU, MIYF, SPDF, SWKYF and others have urged Shillong MP Vincent H Pala to stand against the uranium mining project in the state as opposed by the people.
Mukhla Raij scored the first goal of the match in the 60'+1
Speaking as the chief guest, LD Lakiang Waheh Chnong of Ladthadlaboh Dorbar Shnong who is also Secretary of the Union of Waheh Chnongs of Jowai, praised the variety of food and also the taste of the food. food that has been prepared by the shepherds.
After the government has restored the ambulance, the JSU has removed the flag which has been displayed at the hospital since 4th July
The HNYF leader also added that the government should implement the same policy against the HNLC as it did against the political parties in the ILP protest in
Shillong: The Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) under the leadership of Samla Namphrangmi L Talang General Secretary, Samla S.Biam and Samla W.Syrti. They have met with the Executive Engineer of Natbor Village, Khliehriat Division, to demand the replacement of the electrical wires in Natbor village. anytime especially during this rainy and windy weather.
Other leaders were the DMK in Tamil Nadu, which won 22 constituencies, and the Trinamool Congress in West Bengal, which won 23 constituencies.
Israeli Command troops have launched attacks on parts of Gaza this morning, marking the first time that Israel has launched a ground offensive against Hamas militants.
The VPP leaders took the initiative to clean the venue every day and even until the end of the strike.
Our nation is indeed a unique nation from the point of view of longkur longjait.
Another volunteer, Bah Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh appealed to the Dorbar Shnongs and Government authorities to facilitate the movement of foreigners from Manipur.
“Looking at the condition of the hills and rivers in the state, the mining of liewkhnai coal has not existed since the beginning.
On the other hand, Bah Ian Onel Swer said that as the days go by, more and more people flock to Shillong to bring their needs and cause heavy traffic jam in the morning and evening.
Fear is overcome by hope in Christ.
The thwei are also very good.
The book launch program was conducted by Prof.SS Majaw and a speech was delivered by Bah Kedion Diengdoh, Rangbah Shnong of Nongwar. Diengdoh gave a brief comment on the book.
The Jowai Civic Awareness Committee, Jowai wishes you all the 6 Shnong Wah Lukha Association to continue to unite from time to time in the fight against the destruction of forests. maw shun, famous pubon, birds, fish, many kinds of animals, rivers and many others.
Mynthong SYAC Club came third with 7 points, winning 2 times, losing twice and drawing once out of five matches.
The cleanliness drive was held to celebrate the Swacch Bharat Abhiyan.
The All Jaintia Cricket Association (AJCA) will hold the Open-to-all T20 Cricket Tournament 2021 in March 2021 with the deuce cricket ball.
Four candidates have emerged for the MDc election from this constituency, Bah Bantyngshain Rynga, Independent Candidate, Bah Pynthymmai, Congress Candidate, Teinwell Dkhar of UDP and Shillong, July 31: MPCC President Dr. DD Lapang, while speaking to reporters today, confirmed that only three candidates have applied for tickets from the party. They include Vincent Pala, incumbent MP, John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman of the State Planning Board and Charles Pyngrope, former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
He also said that when he reaches Heaven he will look for his mother first and if he doesn't find her he will not stay there, but he will ask his Lord to lead him to the place where his mother is..."Ha His life and journey to preach the word of God has experienced many visions and miracles of God and he also has knowledge of the traditional religions or beliefs that have spread in India.
Because you for you claim.
The meeting discussed the security situation in the country but focused on the North East, Jammu and Kashmir and the affected areas. lazy.
The original purpose of the separation of Meghalaya as a State from Assam was for the preservation and development of the uniqueness, culture and land of the three ethnic groups within the State.
The government is ready to purchase 100 mini buses to operate in Shillong only to transport school children to reduce traffic jam and this is something to be commended but the same policy should be implemented. Government employees are also one of the main causes of traffic jam in the city.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 22: The Seng Khasi West Khasi Hills (Seng Khasi) has held a shad sukmynsiem once a year to thank and praise God the Creator of mankind. the world.
They will hold a meeting with China in Tinan Square.
In the first innings, Cricket Lovers beat Cricket Smit by six wickets.
He said that the tnum pyllun will be built of silver and the equipment will arrive this month or in July,
The Lympung ended with the raising of the flag and the singing of the Anthem of the party.
When He showed Abraham the land He intended to give him and his descendants, God also set rules along with a boundary that meant that Abraham and his descendants Israel it shall not exceed the limits which God has set (Gen. 15:18).
Many film stars, including Kriti Sanon, Bhumi Pednekar, Rajkummar Rao, Anushka Sharma, Ankita Lokhande and Rhea Chakraborty, have unveiled the poster of the film and urged the audience to watch it. Sushant Singh Rajput's last film.
He wished the party to continue to grow and become stronger to serve the country and the nation.
Ashish Thapa (79) and Robin Bist (59) are the top bowlers for Meghalaya.
The rainfall on July 9 lasted for many hours and brought joy to the residents as it brought joy to many of the residents who were waiting for the rain.
In a church in the USA, I asked, “Do you have an Assistant Pastor here?” (Pastor=Catholic+Protestant).
You can include Kajor in pudding, vegetable dishes, syrwa and other recipes.
The Khasi people continue to follow and preserve this custom as a tribute to their ancestors who have stood firm to hold on to this custom even in the midst of the influence of other powerful cultures throughout the hundreds and thousands of years. .
In the MDA II coalition government, the NPP has 28 MLAs, the UDP has 12 MLAs and two MLAs each from the BJP and HSPDP. 34 MLAs, except for the MLA of Sohiong.
SOME WAYS TO IMPROVE THE HEALTH OF CHILDREN. Khublei.
The main issues discussed by all the Rangbah Kur were the Clan Administration Bill, the Forest and Environment Amendment Act and the Uniform Civil Code. and other laws which can be used as weapons to destroy the North East of India against the ethnic groups including the Khasi Hills.
“India is now moving forward without stopping.
However, the group’s demands continue.
The death toll in New York has risen to 53 with 5,000 new cases, bringing the total number of cases in the city to 25,000 with 210 deaths.
The AOG has been able to empower about 2 million citizens through the provision of education and other assistance that promotes human dignity.
“The deceased came to us a few days ago and prayed at our residence and we felt very close to him,” said the Nihangs.
However, in this regard, it may not be possible because the TMC and the BJP will not be able to work together.
More than 75% of the funds are owned by individuals/companies and self-employed individuals.
Through this half, the game became more and more intense on both sides, but RoundGlass, who were encouraged by these two goals, continued to score.
During the celebration, the female soldiers were taught to kill live bsein, rabbits and to shoot with their male counterparts.
He also urged the students to be ready to provide care to the patients.
Speech was delivered by the Rangbah Shnong and he praised the unit for being able to conduct various programs smoothly until the end.
The two persons have been missing since Mount Sishapangma collapsed on Saturday morning from 7,600 (about 25,000 feet) and 8,000 feet. meters (about 26,000 feet) above sea level.
This incident has also shown signs that the future of the party in the state is dark, and their turnaround is not far away.
In conclusion, I would like to urge our legislators to think many times before making a final decision on this issue, because once they make a mistake, the future of our children will be in doubt.
However, at the time of writing, it has not been possible to confirm the damage and how many villages have been affected by the cyclone.
The vehicle of Bah Augustine Wahlang, a Jeep, was damaged and the front of the vehicle was damaged.
The license renewal depends on whether you have renewed or not.
Kyrshan Sumer 87′ scored the first goal for Sohmynting in the first half.
“This is a challenge ahead of us because it will affect the expenditure of a lot of money and therefore it is not easy for us to implement the demand immediately,” said the Chief Minister. interview with the media on Tuesday.
Shillong, March 11 : The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pyniaid Sing Syiem and Chief Executive Officers of the World Bank, today visited the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima. don't go to Shillong.
Worse still, reports have come from the District Council that the Executive Committee intends to pay only two months of salary as the first installment and the next two months will be paid in November.
e Mynthong Locality, Chutwakhu, Lamusiang.
He said that in the past years, the government has tried to talk to the political parties and the people on this issue but has not been able to reach anywhere.
Other speakers on the occasion included the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh and the Assistant Director of Arts and Culture, Kong D.Kharjana.
After October 2, 2023, the wisdom, understanding as well as the ignorance and weakness of the people can be judged and seen.
The DC's office has informed that the Village Authorities from Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Shnong should cooperate with the district authorities to prevent the gathering of people in front of the shops.
“The revocation of trading license by other groups will only enable other ethnic groups to fight against it.
We have already held a meeting in November 2013 and we have told them that if they want to get assistance in development, the benefits have to come to us,” said Bah Pasi. so far they have not responded.
One of these facts is that a 13-year-old boy from Italy, who had the scar on his legs, was allegedly beaten and after that, he received the scar. and it is reported that the most affected are children or young people.
In 2019, 260 people were dismissed.
Shopkeepers have been directed to register their shops at the offices of the Waheh Shnongs, wear masks, wear sanitizer and wash their hands to observe social distancing.
Gastro-oesophageal reflux, or inflammation that occurs when the muscles in the joint of the esophagus or esophagus weaken, allowing stomach acid to rise back up and out of the esophagus. typical.2.
The party will also hold a meeting to discuss the preparations for the 2014 elections, said the statement.
Other public hearings have been held on 19th March 2019 and 30th July
Tura: The Bishop of Tura, Andrew Marak and the Auxiliary Bishop of Tura, CJ Jose, have conveyed to the Union Minister of State for Minorities, John Barla, the concerns of Christians regarding the attack on Christian churches. in Chattisgarh to people who even destroyed a statue of Jesus and Mother Mary.
Speaking to media, Renikton said that he recently visited Delhi and met with the Secretary of the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways (MoRTH). The CM has already removed the recognition of the Mawphlang-Ranikor road as a highway along with about 60,000 other roads in India.
They were taken to the Civil Hospital for medical check-up and after that they were taken to Sardar Police Station for further investigation.
In the 1st Division, MLP FT beat Mawkhar 1-1
The sword in his right hand symbolizes that every Khasi man should be the protector of his family, the nation and the country as a whole.
“Due to the short time, we have sent this request,” said the statement signed by Dr. CR Lyngdoh of the NPP, Bah Witting Mawsor of the HSPDP, Bah L Lyngwa of KHNAM and Shillong, Jymmang 20: Expressing his concern over the loss of powers of Rangbah Shnongs in the High Court, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government can the powers and duties of Rangbah Shnong shall be enacted by law.
He said that his party has no doubt to come back to power in the upcoming elections.
There are still many shortcomings and the villagers have to work hard to earn a living.
The date of the next hunt will be announced later.
Speaking on the occasion, Wanda Mary Lyngdoh Nongbri, State Director of Miss Grand India Meghalaya, explained about the competition. to showcase their talents and bring the best for the community.
In this regard, u Bah Frederick said that as the head of the office, he feels that the use of social media should be disciplined, where the public should be able to vote or not. At the same time, he urged the public to be vigilant and not to accept or listen to such news. hamsaia, however, believe or accept only from the news that comes through the recognized agency and also from the media that exists and appears in the state.
“The poor should be allocated not only according to the 103rd Amendment of the Constitution but the poor should be allocated even if they have received allocation from the citizenship,” he said.
On the other hand, the Law Department of the Government has accepted the name of Todi but the resignation letter of Bah Kynjing has been sent to the Governor.
Rishan Lyngdoh scored the first goal of the match in the 17th minute.
He said, “God has not discriminated against us but we have been left behind because the beginning of education in this country has not been long.
Greek police on Tuesday discovered an attempt by a militant group to attack ethnic minorities inside the country and said the militants were planning to attack even civilians. and therefore said that this would be a serious threat to the peace and order of the people of Greece if the police had not been able to stop and control this time.
Pakistan, Kuwait and Nepal have now been placed in Group A while Lebanon, Maldives, Bangladesh and Bhutan have been placed in Group B. The two groups will play against each other in a round-robin league.
Meanwhile, St. Edmund's College and Shillong College reached the final.
We see that apart from a few such as the National Skill Development Corporation and the Special Skill Development Program of Orissa, not many states have chosen to build the aspirations of the youth.
Former Tripura MLA and TIPRA Motha leader Rajeswar Debbarma has sent a letter to the Chief Minister Dr Manik Saha demanding that the to introduce Roman characters for the Kokborok language.
Those who violate this order shall be punished under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code, 1860, the District Magistrate said.
I congratulate all the riflewomen who have achieved this and hope that they will do better in the future.
The Punjab and Haryana High Courts have postponed the election on 11th July, 10 days before the start of polling.
Even the management of the hospitals should ensure that if they see that they have not received treatment, they should not be forced to stay in the hospital or give thanks just to earn more money.
Immediately after the incident, the police of Dr. Mukul Sangma got out of the vehicle and started shooting at the driver of the Maxx. Police have taken the Maxx to the police station and no information has been received.
The HYC wants to make it clear that it has not misled the people or undermined the intention of the Government of Meghalaya to resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Speaking on the occasion, Kharbani said that the people's leaders of Meghalaya should be held responsible if the insurgents are in power in the state, because it is because of their silence that they cannot achieve many of their goals. The demands of the political parties in the state.
The incident happened near Mukroh village which falls within the border of West Jaintia Hills Meghalaya.
At that time, there were those who welcomed the District Council, there were those who were angry, there were those who were angry.
People from the eastern and western states of the country also come and most of them are from Assam and West Bengal, he added.
Fr. Joseph Cilia SDBI has received the NE Educator and Friend of the Youth Award who is also the founder and director of Don Bosco Youth Center Shillong.
He also expressed his surprise that the Government of India has implemented Article 355 while the State Government is still in existence and whether the Central Government wants to introduce Presidential rule in Manipur.
He said that the village authorities should also explain to the residents that they should not destroy the forests so that the animals and birds can get adequate shelter.
But there is nothing wrong with that! The desire to get rich quickly by killing others will never bring peace or happiness.
They do this in Java because the soil in that area is volcanic, and the more you dig, the better the plants.
These MLAs have stolen T.50 lakh from their vehicles.
It doesn’t mean there’s just that much.
Pala also recalled how Saleng was denied ticket by the former leaders.
In this regard, the United States last month said that if North Korea supports Russia in the war, it will have to take responsibility for any future incident with Russia. North Korea will face sanctions from other countries for its involvement in Russia's war.
On his refusal to approve the central government's directive, Bah Lambor Malngiang said he would talk to the government about what is happening now. on the influx of foreigners.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 16: The Rwiang Wildlife and Environmental Protection Association (RWEPA) has been concerned about the increasing number of people burning hills and forests. “It's a strong understanding,” said Bah Wilonly Thongni, President of the Association.
It is also true that the leaders of Meghalaya, whether they are Nongmihkhmat or party leaders, when they intend to visit these border villages especially Block-2, they will not reach at all, if they do not walk or use the Assam has brought about a good road for the benefit of the Khasi people living on the border, but the Meghalaya authorities have never been able to do anything in real work for the sake of investment in development projects. to those villages bordering Assam.
The greed for profit in the business destroys and weakens the power to destroy more and more my beloved country.
The Dorbar Shnong Tympang under the leadership of Edystone Shylla and the entire village to express their gratitude for the services of these ASHAs has distributed 10 byrni of rice.
Roy told reporters that he had discussed with the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, the need to bring immediate peace and order in the state. to maintain the peace and order of foreigners.
Although the children of the owners no longer believe in their parents, but how painful and heartbreaking it is to see that although the blood has ringsti, the hands and feet have become numb and can no longer stand but they are knieh the love of your children.
NEEPCO has taken this very seriously and it is expected that the project will be launched within these years.
The prompt reporting of seizures under the Election Seizure Management System (ESMS) app has brought about smooth monitoring of expenditure.
“Therefore, with a sad heart, I would like to ask you to please ask for confirmation from your reporter and I hope you will do what is necessary because this has caused a lot of trouble and I hope you will please confirm or explain, so that I can let us walk in other ways.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday appointed Manbhalang Jyrwa as Vice Chairman, Aristerwell Thongni as Political Secretary and Phrangkupar Diengdoh as Foreign Secretary. Aiborlem Marbaniang and Storgy Lyngdoh, their personal security officers, to take part in the three-way talks between the Indian government, the Meghalaya government and the HNLC. , that since 2004, has started to seek peace talks, but has not succeeded, even though at that time, the Congress party, was in the central and state governments as well. .
Also present on the occasion were Bah Fredrick Roy Kharkongor, Commissioner and Secretary, Government of Meghalaya in charge of Culture and Traditional Affairs and other supporters of this great man.
During the meeting, the leaders including Samla Banjop Maring, President KSU Eastern Border, Bah B. Sohtun, President of the Union and others, expressed their opposition to the DC. The Assam government has planned to forcibly supply electricity to these villages without consulting the village leaders.
“Khun Hynneiwtrep doesn't mean only the Khasi but it refers to the whole world,” said Bah BV Rymmai, one of the writers of Sohra. He was appointed Secretary of the Hima Sohra.
The reason is that teachers have real power and dignity because they don't have to fight for their salaries.
BSF troops patrolling in Sonapur, East Jaintia Hills District on receiving a tip conducted a search operation and seized a truck near Umkiang carrying 24 muid. Bangladesh.
When the INPT, NCT and IPFT demanded NRC as in Assam, Himanta Biswas, who praised the NRC in Assam, turned away. speech regarding the NRC in Tripura.
On this occasion, the Dorbar of Chiefs, Ri Hynniewtrep, through Bah John F Kharshiing, has urged the KHADC and the Government of Meghalaya not to take advantage of this issue and to respect the The decision was taken at a public hearing held by the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) at Jynrin on 13th July
Recalling that his statement was excessive and unnecessary to discuss, Prestone said that the people of Riwar have long wanted change, which has all been achieved in The day was held from the Community College to various development projects.
In another development, the District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills, has warned against posting any signs in public places and if these signs are placed, the consent of the owners of the houses must be obtained. land and requires the approval of the District Magistrate.
He said that the preparation to prevent the risk of natural disasters and other incidents has been tried by the government for some time from the past.
The question is whether we the mountain people should take those measures to reduce the population, whether their new method from ancient times doesn't work, even if it is implemented, whether we I can say that our nation is high paid and that it should have taken such measures to reduce the population, do we lack farmland and that we are poor and provide for ourselves? , is there a fear that we will die of hunger because we are high paid ?These are the questions that arise and dare to answer that we are not high paid and the land is still plentiful and sufficient and therefore we should try to Our nation will grow and spread but not small and raid and disappear.
Sai is the newly elected MLA from Kunkuri constituency.
According to the CEM, the decision of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) to ban the quarrying of stone and shyiap and issued many decisions prohibited by the Forest Department and the Deputy Commissioners has affected the country. the people of the state.
The NPP leader, although he did not speak directly, said that those colleagues who were sitting on the bus (other MLAs from other parties working with the MDA), There is a strict law of the Ministry of Road Transport of the Central Government.
However, he said that there was no document to prove, and later he said that the Sekhon OC of Sohiong Outpost had promised them to cancel the Mela because he had received an order from the SP. to stop.
Shillong: A group of leaders of the Riwar Mihngi, together with the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) and the Federation of Riwar Mihngi Local Dorbar on Tuesday, carried placards and chanted slogans in front of the office. NHIDCL is located in Shillong.
MEPA strongly requests the organizers of the march to identify some of the perpetrators involved in this incident, so that they will be treated according to the rules of law and they should also apologize. MEPA President R Monarch Shabong and General Secretary John W Thabah have arrested two journalists for their actions.
Basumatary is the only candidate from Meghalaya.
They also discussed the construction of the 129 km road from Baghmara to Ranikor via Mahadeo and Maheshkola at a cost of T.1200 crore which is under preparation and is awaiting permission from the Forest Department. to start the work.
Tayal, born in 1980, is currently the Director General of the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and has also served as the DG, CRPF. , Kumar will retire next year.
Although there are check gates, no one has arrested them as the truck drivers have paid between 96,000 and 1,20,000 shitrok.
He said that he has made a promise that he will not discriminate against the poor or the rich whether they belong to different ethnic groups.
The school, which was established in 1999, has been established under Articles 29&30 of the Constitution of the country.
“Where is the future for our children? And where is our state and our youth? In fact, we should encourage the students to get the knowledge and skills according to the NEP prepared by the experts,” said Bah Kharbuki.
They said that the Assam government has immediately decided to setup the BOP at the area which still falls within the boundary of the Lapangap Dorbar Shnong near Langkiroi Langsangti River. Therefore, the union urges and demands from the district authorities and also from the state government not to allow and immediately cancel the plan of the Assam government to create a BOP in this area.
Once again, we can compare books to trusted, trusted friends.
Regarding this, the HYC has alleged that the issuance of licenses is too high in the rule of the PDF led by Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem.
He said the goal of the National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM) is to improve the income of the people living in rural areas and their groups.
According to the complaint lodged by the woman, the group of people from Mowkaiaw village led by Ma Shaniah Lamare, Ardamirang Rymbai, Franklin Hadem, Humaialang Lapasam and Dangawansuk Sungoh came to damage the field. , Loving Laloo and Jim Hadem and others.
Shillong: Seven persons have been arrested by the State Police on Tuesday for allegedly being members of the National Liberation Council of Rural Development (NLCN). of the 7 one was a minor.
The meeting began with the prayers of Shri R. Bhattacharjee and Shri A. Acharjee, followed by the cutting of cake and distribution by Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA who is also the chairman of the committee.
“Every morning he prayed to find a way to get rid of the wicked of the land; to cut off all the wicked from the city" (Ps 101:8).
On the other hand, the union has expressed the problems it faces from time to time especially when holding football tournaments, due to the lack of venues and sometimes there have been incidents.
He said the government should extend the appointment period for those who have passed Gram Sevika as it does for those who have passed Grade IV. Warjri on this work.
It is not necessary to teach them the bad things, but it is necessary to spend time and effort to strengthen them.
And it came to pass, when they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother, and slew him.
Although this school is the result of a school built in Nongsawlia, Sohra, the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod, which supports the KJP Girls' Higher Secondary School, has unanimously approved the proposal. the school was established in
In order to smuggle the coal, it is necessary to transport it smuggled.
This has attracted a lot of attention from the crowd who came to the festival.
Captain Sunil Chhetri scored his 85th goal in the Barri League.
Hollywood media reported that the reason for the breakdown of the wedding was due to a disagreement.
The BSF said they have seized dozens of Bangladeshi ships in the past few days.
Office bearers of One Stop Centre, Khliehriat received the award in recognition of their contribution to the project 'Assisting Women in Accessing Justice (AWAJ)' and to encourage the public to raise questions.
When asked why the police have to come out to repair this road, the police said that they have written many times to the PWD authorities to repair this road, but all their prayers and supplications were not answered.
“The behavior of the Congress is selfish, they just want power and don't respect their own foundation, they say in the state to work with the NPP is not because there is BJP but here they are? “It is said that the NPP is the BJP but how can it not be the BJP?”, asked Bah Titos.
As Jowai is the capital of Jaintia Hills, this is also the case.
This has indeed brought about a sense of freedom in coal-related activities through transparency, ease of doing business, investment opportunities, and has opened up these activities.
In the girls' category, Ri-Bhoi came first from Zone 1 of Group A, while South Garo Hills came first from Zone
“We don't want the people to support this law without understanding it,” said Bah Ardent.
He said that money is the root of all evils and for this reason, the EC led by the NPP in collaboration with the BJP, GNC and others has formed the EC. Tell the world that we have nothing to do with the BJP,” he said.
“We have received information about this incident from our colleagues and even after we asked for help no one has helped us. we got help.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Mawmluh Cements Employees Union (MCCEU) on Tuesday appealed to the Government for 15 days to release their salaries. outstanding of the employees.
Speech was delivered by Bah RB Shadap, President of Ri Bhoi Dorbar, who praised the office of the District Transport Officer and the office of the Deputy. Commissioner who organized this race and the aim is to encourage the youth to turn to sports and also to get a healthy body according to the goal of the Fit India Run.
Many people have turned and expressed their surprise at the visit of the General Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP) to Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, leader of the Voice of the People Party (VPP). The reservation policy was held at the Additional Secretariat, Shillong on Friday.
KM Lytan, who was recently elected as the Deputy Chief Executive Member of the Executive Committee led by Awhoi Andrew Shullai, has been suddenly removed from the post of Deputy CEM and Deputy CEM. This surprised even Lytan, who did not know the reason behind it.
Speaking to reporters, Pingstone Nongphud, Secretary of Nongmynsaw Hima, said that after the District Administration of West Khasi Hills informed the Syiem that the District needs to strengthen the outpost, The Hima does not have the right land in Langpih. Because the land in Langpih belongs to private individuals, it needs to be sold and bought. Furthermore, Bah Nongphud said that after talking to the MDC, the MDC has been ready to consider the matter. He also bought a piece of land in Langpih village and donated the land to the Hima Nongmynsaw in order to fulfill the wish of the people of Langpih area to get a fully functional Police Outpost. .
It is learned that these two men were carrying shyiap from the banks of the river at a place known as thwei syngkai, but they made a mistake and drowned in the incident. it was yesterday at 1.30 pm.
Shillong: The MDA government under the leadership of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, in 2020, has brought about many development projects in the state, said Congress MLA HM Shangpliang. , where there are still some departments that are still performing poorly.
Kumar Sanu feels that the work of singers in films will soon disappear because film stars now want to sing in films and at the same time if there are no singers who have been appointed to songs for films are challenged.
“But to come to me is not possible, I am also the president, if these officials come, it is not possible.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: Meghalaya Cricket Team today reached the final of the Ranji Trophy 2023-24 from the Plate Group tournament. have confirmed themselves to qualify for the Elite Group next season.
H.Pala, Minister of State, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, was the chief guest.
The Lamphang also urged the people not to miss out on the benefits they receive from government schemes like MHIS, NFSA and others.
Dr Aman strongly condemned Dr Jamir for insulting the Project Director and Deputy Director of MACS and said that such behavior of him is unacceptable especially as he is a doctor who is still working. Junior Doctor who is still to honor these two Doctors of MACS who have served for more than 30 years.
The distribution was attended by the Waheh Shnongs and Secretaries of Larket, Ma Mest Pakem, Secretary Shnong Ma Damon Salahe, Waheh Shnong Ma Mulda Rupon, Secretary Shnong Ma Mulda Rupon. The meeting was attended by SS Niangti, President of KSU Larket Unit, President of KSU Larket Unit, E. Chyrmang, Secretary of KSU Larket Unit, President of KSU Larket Unit, E. Chyrmang. KSU Lakadong Unit President Andrea's Lyngdoh, General Secretary Samla Wanbait Suchen and others.
However, he said that there is no intention to create no confidence in the EC. ", said the Congress MDC.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah S.Pakyntein expressed his happiness that the football team of Saiden School will be able to train temporarily in Shillong before leaving the state to take part in the tournament. you're lying.
When asked whether the Prime Minister and the President of the NPP have asked for any support, Gabriel said the Prime Minister has not said anything regarding the request for support from the Congress.
He was taken to Supercare Hospital on Tuesday and was pronounced dead before reaching the hospital.
We the family of I (L) Kyrshanbor Tynsong, would like to express our deep gratitude to all of you who have come to condole, console and comfort us from the day of his death on 19.7.2013 until tomorrow
He added that the district authorities have faced difficulties in the past to attract people when holding special meetings on covid and tika.
To the extent that the operation has been smooth, it can be ensured that despite the continued smuggling of Burmese kwai through Meghalaya, not a single truck has been seized in these four years of operation.
In the final match of the U-14 men's category, Mynken Christian Higher Secondary School beat Mynken Christian Higher Secondary School against Christian Higher Secondary School. Mynken Higher Secondary School beat Christian High School 1-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
The NCP, expressing its condolences, said that he is the oldest leader of the Legislative Assembly of the state and the longest serving leader in the state. that niew honor him.
However, the leaders of the two parties led by Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, President HYC and Shembor Rynniaw of MYM, have suspended the interview. youth registered with the Employment Exchange Office.
The Minister said the government plans to spend T.5,000 crore for this project in the next five years.
A little while later, I heard a bad idea that there might be something in the middle of the night.
Urging the leaders of the new circle, he said that when they walk on the path for the service of the country and the nation, they will be stoned by those who take advantage of them for profit. but remember that they must have a strong spirit, in order to set a better future for the future generations.
The JNC-CEC today lodged a complaint with the DMHO of EJHD regarding the absence of Bording in Tuber Sub-Centre has been in place for 3 to 4 months.
Only T.3 crore is not enough to build the road.
However, the male lineage is a strong and stable foundation and no one can shake us as a nation.
The dead and injured were workers at the timber factory of Harikshon Jain.
He said that his supporters do not want him to stop contesting the elections but they want him to contest the elections.
Speaking to reporters, Chairman of the PDF, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, said that the reason why the KHADC has lost its share from the 14th Finance Commission is due to the lack of attention of the EC led by the 14th Finance Commission. ARPA. Pynshngain said that instead of the EC taking care of the life and death of the Council, they have taken care of other matters.
She said that even if the contractor has been appointed while the IIG is still in process, the works of package-I have not been implemented yet.
Shillong: Unidentified persons have detonated a petrol bomb at the office of the Transport Commissioner at Lailad Lawusib, Madanritng at around 7:30 pm this evening.
According to the programme, there were 4 speakers. 2 of them were dressed in nice clothes.
Woodland WK Hospital, Sabahmuswang will hold a health camp as part of the celebration of International Women's Day tomorrow.
Furthermore, this traffic jam has caused problems even to the people from the villages because in the villages people leave early in the morning to spend time but what encourages them is only when they reach Shillong to reach the place. They didn't need to take the time to arrive at about midday.
Angela said the NITI Aayog has assessed, ranked and ranked all the districts of the states in the North East and also Sikkim, how well they can achieve those goals. 15 objectives related to economic development and progress of States and their citizens.
As a nation that does not discriminate against any religion, without creating racial discrimination, because religion cannot separate us from society.
Jowai, July 30 : The 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy 2nd Division Football Tournament 2022 was held today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. Jowai Stadium.
He also served as the Lyngdoh of the Nonglait Kur Lyngdoh from 1972 to
Tamabil is one of the places on the border between India and Bangladesh.
others.
When asked whether the water is sufficient for the consumers, he said.
Pynthymme Rymbai in the 44th minute and Sooki Syrti in the 90th minute scored the second goal for Thangskai Tiger SC in the first leg of the second leg. 2.
He said that Tibetans believe in peace and harmony.
“Why doesn't Assam come smartly to the border of Meghalaya?
It is sad to say that some of the elderly men and women whom I have met and associated with have passed away with the love of their country and nation.
In this regard, the leaders of FKJGP Maweit Circle, have already written to the PWD department to repair this road.
These are the most dangerous signs for the state.
Earlier, two Block Development Officers of these two Block had visited their respective Block and counted the costs of the disaster.
At the end of the meeting, the President of Nongstoin Mandal, Bah Roland Mawsor, said that the BJP Nongstoin has no alliance with anyone because it has its own candidate to win the election. Election MLA 2018, concluded a statement sent to the media through Bah Hopestandard Myrthong.
Of these four, two have been appointed as Ministers in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) 1.0 government and have served until the end of five years.
The influx of people to the area is high on Saturdays and Sundays, although there are still many needs to improve the area and other attractions.
They also decided to write a letter to all MLAs and various political parties to seek their support for the implementation of the ILP in the state.
Then he started selling newspapers and trained himself as a Music Instructor and thus became one of the most famous Music Teachers in the city and in the countryside.
The Central Government says that even if there has been a violation of Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code, the petitioners cannot claim that marriage between men and women is their right. .
She said that the TMC's methods of empowering women in its affairs are the only methods that have not been recognized in the state.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah BS Sohliya, Superintendent of Police, Bikram D Marak and officers today visited the Polling Stations in three villages on the border with Assam. we are the sons of Pharaoh, Khanduli, and Saitsama.
On the other hand, the DSEO, DMC, SDSEO, Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Batlang Samuel Sohliya, IAS. Principals and Teachers who have taken the initiative to make this program a success.
The Minister also informed that no punitive measures have been taken against the spread of this news related to the distribution of food items to the players.
Golden Mukhim scored the first goal for Dalloi in the 39th minute while Dangaishuh Rymbai scored the first goal for Golden Lion in the 58th minute.
Bahduh said that fortunately he was able to treat the child in time, but after a while, the fire spread throughout the body and the child could have died. for the fever had begun to spread to the feet.
Last season's Wimbledon tournament, Nadal was forced to withdraw from his semifinal due to a sudden abdominal pain.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul said he will continue to study the impact of such a plan on the part of the Government.
We need this officer who works hard and stands on the foundation to bring about change in Laskeiñ Block,” said the leaders of the Union Waheh Shnong Ri Jaintia, Laskein. great to the people of the whole region.
Rewak village is about 53 kilometers from Baghmara town. Police admitted that some of the militants were shot and seriously injured but managed to escape.
Shillong, July 07 : Former Sohiong MLA HDR Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that although he is very eager to leave the Congress, he cannot because he has no hope of continuing in the party. you party.
He added that the State has no problems in terms of receiving funds and said that the inflow of funds from the Central Government and the State Government has gone smoothly.
If the Building Bye Laws has been implemented in the villages, it should not affect the income of the villagers because of the opposition of the people in the past years to the implementation of this Act by MUDA in They understood that they would have to pay a high price but after the State Government handed over to the Autonomous District Council to implement only in the Scheduled Areas, many Dorbar Shnongs have welcomed this. the law.
However, the Seng Samla leaders said that the statements of JEka PHE are groundless as the water has been the same since before the rain.
He gave the example of testing themselves first to encourage the residents to know the health status of each resident.
Leading Journalist Evanjoplin Dkhar as the chief guest, handed over the vehicle to the HITO leadership for use in the service to the people.
Lyngkhoi said that it was on this issue that he had to gather his fellow farmers on that day, where officers from the Department of Agriculture and Horticulture together with the leaders of the Meghalaya Farmers Union, will be present. together to explain to the farmers how to prevent the destruction of crops by pests.
The team from West Jaintia Hills under the leadership of Bah Hopingstone Suting (coach) tried to play well from the start with the opponent, but could not score until the end of the first half.
Speaking on a visit to the District Medical and Health Officer, Ri Bhoi District, Dr. Bareh Pohchen Lamin, he said that as of Monday, 212 people have been infected and 136 people have been infected. They suffered from illness and were admitted to hospitals in Ri Bhoi and Shillong.
The newly elected office bearers would like to thank the Village Committee, Rangbah Shnong, Rangbah Dong, Seng Long Kmie, VDP and all the youth of Mawlai Phudmuri who attended the meeting.
We have seen only in the media that she had a conversation with the BJP MLA Bah Hek during the meeting.
Two days after the incident, on the 15th, the vehicle was found after a search operation in the village.
The Nee News Matrize has 35 to 43 seats for the BJP-NDPP, 1-3 for the Congress and 3-5 for the NPF. Why don't you pray for Bah Adilbert and Bah Arden to win, why don't you pray for your constituencies to win? To the wise leaders, when you look at this exit poll, don't be ashamed that the RI KHASI will rely only on two, from now on let's remember that we don't need to be afraid and produce protests, next election too I don't know why, but I'm sure you'll like it. I'm sure you'll like it.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul Wahlang, President of the HNYF, 20Mer Circle, said that the HNYF strongly condemns the rude behavior of the soldier in the village. It has also caused panic and insecurity to the women, children and pedestrians not only in the village, but also in the surrounding villages.
Police have found a bomb at the home of Hillary and Bill Clinton in New York today, the Associated Press reported.
Another important issue is that the state should enjoy peace and stability.
He said that the police have deployed four narcotic sniffers at all times in the district jails in Shillong, Jowai and Nongpoh.
During the inspection, it was found that the children are facing many problems.
It is better to teach to fill the gap than to teach the gap.
He quoted the rules of the Meghalaya Town and Country Planning Act which states that the government cannot encroach on the land of the district council without its approval in the promulgation of the Building Act outside the municipal land.
According to the order, there has been an allegation in the media that there is a coal mining in the Shnongrim area which threatens the Liat Prah crematorium. The Deputy Commissioner's Office, East Jaintia Hills District, has sent a team from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Jaintia Hills District to investigate the incident. The District Magistrate has issued an order 144CrPC prohibiting the mining of coal in the area and the use of any explosives. If you do not need to apply for a job, you must apply for a clearance from the office of the Deputy Commissioner.
These workers took to the streets to protest and demand their salaries from the company to pay their salaries immediately so that they can meet their household needs.
On the 13th of this month, the Tura Polytechnic Students' Union (TPSU) demanded that the Director of Higher and Technical Education (DHTE) should take action. in response to this inadequate water supply within their hostels.
The construction of the Shillong Western Bypass will start in April 2023, the government said in a report.
Shillong: On the 7th of this month at 7:37 pm a Scooty (ML-05P 4638) driven by Sandy Sohtun, 18 years old, collided with an unknown person. name as Smt.
Let us turn a little to geography. Migdol is a city in eastern Egypt, while Pi Hahiroth is a small town on the east bank of the Nile River.
The MLA inaugurated the ground in the presence of MDC Sherbor Mawlong, BDO of Sohiong C&RD Block B Sungoh, Lyngdoh of Sohiong BL Thabah, Sordar Shnong, Secretary Shnong, residents of Sohiong. young and old, young and old.
Prominent figures from Umroi Constituency who have joined the Congress include Bah GS Shadap, Bah Josaia Shadap, Bah Rangkynsai Rympei and many others.
R Makdoh, RM Shadap and Doris Sulein and others.
Immediately the long sum fell and it was from the lynghoh ryndang between the silver shyieng.
At the meeting, Ardent said that if the government does not listen, the protests will start with a 10-month office blockade. 12th of this month and if no reply is received, the office blockade across Khasi Jaintia will start from the 13th of this month.
Besides, this competition is also a powerful platform for raising awareness among the public on important issues in the society.
Shillong: Sr.
Everyone therefore who hears these words of mine, and does them, I will liken him to a wise man, who will build his house on the rock.
The woman was rushed to Tirot Sing Hospital Mairang for treatment and police have arrested the suspect and sent him to the Court. Police have registered a case and charged him under the provisions of the law and the investigation is ongoing.
“Those who are old and those who are no longer useful should be dismissed from their jobs. In Assam I have seen the order issued by the Prime Minister.
He said that for the youth, the Government has a target of creating 5 lakh job opportunities by focusing on agriculture and other sectors related to agriculture, employment opportunities and promote tourism, in addition to opportunities through services through the media.
Therefore, all government places should not put anything that does not belong to any religion.
The first group of Indians to be deported from Sudan was picked up by INS Sumedha on June 25,
If the upgradation of the PHC is true as promised, we express our satisfaction on this issue, but we don't want to end up in writing, but we want to see that the PHC will function fully as a “This is a complete CHC,” said the KSU Namdong leader.
When asked whether the BJP will continue to fight against corruption in MDA 2.0, Ao said there was no evidence of corruption against the government and it was only because of these things. they come out, but as work is done, they will learn even more about these.
However, in the language of anyone, even those who do not understand are like liats.
Mawkyrwat, March 28 : The Meghalaya Pradesh Trinamool Congress (TRINC) Mawkyrwat Block Committee (MPC) has received a The 1st Memorial (L) Rowell Lyngdoh Knockout Football Tournament 2022 will be held at St. Mary's Mini Stadium Rangblang.
Those who violate this order will be punished under the Excise Rules and Acts.
Of course, he doesn't lose one or two here and there, even though they are in this position, they can't understand themselves in the storms of life.
“If the government does not grant their demands, the party will continue to be with them in any protest or path they will take in the coming days,” said Bah Lyngkhoi.
Recently, the Government has amended the Meghalaya Parliamentary Secretary (Appointment, Salaries, Allowances and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance, 2016, to allow Parliamentary Secretaries to hold office, but they are no longer equal to Ministers. government as before.
And we are the generation that saw these things, the rising of the Lamb, which represents the land of Israel.
Kylie's visit will be to promote her beauty products through Kylie Cosmetics.
Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh has sent a letter to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
I have a lot of witnesses on this,” he said.
Lahkmen said that 90 percent or 15,000 tyngka per month of the salary of SSA teachers is paid by the central government while 10 percent or 4,000 to 5,000 tyngka per month is paid by the government. state government.
Police said that the suspect broke into the house of Moureen Kharnaior at MIDC, Umiam in military uniform and threatened to shoot her with a pistol. When the thief tried to escape from the scene, he fell from a well until he broke his leg and could not escape. The residents arrested the man and beat him up until he died. He was rushed to the Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment.
Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, said that the reason why he is silent on this issue, is because all the people, have had the feeling that this demand is right, but they don't know. what happens next and who wins or loses.
He also explained about the government's piggery mission to promote pig farming as part of the Jackfruit Mission, the FOCUS Program and others.
“The feeling of the party is – to forget one and use only one...to forget the word 'India' and use only the word 'Bharat' “It can happen and we should also oppose such acts,” said Dr. Myrboh.
“This is exactly what we are witnessing in the poetry of Myllung Kynpham Sing Nongkynrih who says that when the Prime Minister comes, the siej and He will come as Myllung said to warn those corrupt rulers but he will end only in speech and will not take any measures to punish these corrupt rulers,” he said. Therefore, if you read that poem of Myllung Kynpham Singh which he wrote a few years ago, you will see or hear what the villagers are facing. “It is closely related to the present and the visit of the Prime Ministers and it will be related in the coming years as Myllung said,” he said.
The sampling of this precious marpohkhyndew has been going on since 19 years ago but it has not been successful, due to the fact that there are some collectors who have mislead the people to stand up. against this purpose.
At the same time, the party said that this is a warning to other non-working members of the party, if anyone is found to be against the party, they too will suffer the same punishment and be expelled from the party. more.
Speaking to reporters, James K. Bani, Rangbah Shnong and Luckystar Nongsiej, Secretary, Kmawanrum District, in the presence of some of the elders of the village, said that The village has not received any information about the allegation that the village has neglected this family without providing any assistance.
For this reason, we are suffering and struggling.
“There will be no school holidays, they will have time to study these courses at the end of the month or after the end of the working hours of the offices,” he said.
In the 1970's, despite the lack of human resources and budget, vehicles and equipment, the Government authorities implemented the laws and regulations with the cooperation of the residents of the country. for the benefit of the State and India.
Police have recovered drugs from this place.
When the villagers searched, they found the vehicle parked in the middle of the night, where the driver, Bah Baklajied Khongwieng (30), was injured and was stuck inside the vehicle. The deceased were sitting in front of the vehicle and it is believed that they fell from the vehicle and fell to the bottom of the river and died immediately.
Therefore, the people are requested to take their time to come and listen to the explanations that the revolution has to give on that day, said a statement from Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit Convener Revolution Defend the Country.
The 2022 World Masters Athletics Championships in Finland, the oldest athlete from Haryana, has also participated in the 100m race. The 90-94 age group won the gold medal for the country.
However, in Nongstoiñ Constituency, the party led by Bah Macmilan Kharbani as President, has gained more and more encouragement, because only during this month, Bah Macmilan Kharbani, as the leader, has gained more and more strength. The AITC in Nongstoiñ constituency has been encouraged by the people in each village to confirm their office bearers and members in two primary units, one at Urkali and one at Mawduh. They have come forward to join the party, as their wish is to bring about a change in the rule of law from next year.
Speaking to Rupang on mobile, Rophul said he had met with the members of the High Power Committee (HPC) in the constituency today and they advised him not to contest. When asked whether he will file his nomination tomorrow, he said, “Yes, I will not file my nomination” and when asked whether he will support anyone else, he said “Dikanchi”.
“Today, we have seen the destruction of churches in all the states ruled by the BJP, we have never heard of such attacks in the states under the rule of the BJP. “But since the BJP government came to power in Assam, attacks on Christians have started, the BJP has an intention to carry out its secret”.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Dr Roytre C Laloo, on Tuesday said that the government has no intention of increasing the deficit of non-government schools in the state. too much money.
Also present on the occasion were Prof. Dr. Badaplin War who gave a very interesting speech for the youth, Fr. Tobias Kharngapkynta, NPYF leaders, Rangbah Shnong, students, parents and also community members.
The program concluded with the distribution of prizes to the winners of various competitions. In the essay competition, 1st prize went to Kong Sonia Tado, 2nd prize went to Bah Nickklle Umbah and 3rd prize went to Bah Nickklle Umbah. The prize went to Miss Natasha Khymdeit.
In the second half, the players of both sides fought hard to score the first goal.
"We are deeply saddened to confirm that Gen Bipin Rawat, Madhulika Rawat and 11 others were killed in the helicopter crash," the army wrote on its website.
The XI Star players managed to tied all 20 overs and reached 166 runs for the loss of 7 wickets.
Police said that Shanbor Rani has been arrested twice for involvement in the burning of a vehicle in Mawlai and the shooting of a Traffic Policeman at Mawlai Petrol Pump.
The Minister particularly appreciated the services provided by the center to persons with disabilities by conducting medical treatment and training courses for the purpose of health.
Chilliangraij tried to score, but it was too late.
Government sources said that the Government is still waiting for the approval of the Forest Department for the implementation of this project.
The Behdeinkhlam festival of Seiñraij Tuber, which is also the biggest Behdeinkhlam in Jaintia Hills, has come to an end today in the presence of tens of thousands of people from all over the district and from abroad.
In addition, there are also non-noun words such as 'moi moi', perhaps there are many others that have not been found or thought of to include.
The HITO also demanded that if the state government needs land titles from the District Councils, it should also accompany the heads of these Councils when it goes to meet with the District Councils. The Minister of Home Affairs and HITO has also suggested to the MDA government to turn to the committee set up in 2012-13 to investigate the details on the documents between Assam and Meghalaya.
Meghalaya will get a new government along with Nagaland and Tripura which will vote on 16th June,
Sub-Divisional Police Officer (SDPO) Jason Mairom said police are investigating whether the money has anything to do with the election.
Ecclesiastes 7:13.
Scam : means klip klip klip or just scam is the misuse of funds from one party to another who has the opportunity to take advantage of himself.
Many doctors have completed a lot of training in Ayush but there is no need, the vacancies are over and there is a need to open up this opportunity to start herbal medicine,” he said.
On the other hand, the group has been approaching the leaders but until now there has been no explanation that they can provide assistance and this may also be because the group is still new. Many of them don't know,” said Bah Iaidon Rumnong.
Also present on the occasion were CEC Member Shanlang Marweiñ, HYC Women's Wing Member Banisha Nongsiej, HYC Women's Wing Member Bhaboklang Sohshang President, HYC Tyrsat Circle Members, parents and others.
Arwanbiang Shangpliang scored 45 runs from 53 balls and Miquel Obando Nongbri took one wicket for 15 runs in 3 overs for Lumpaia Avengers CC. Arwanbiang Shangpliang of Hurdles CC scored 45 runs off 53 balls.
The announcement was made at the American Music Honors at Monmouth University.
Some of them were on the side of Bah Let and his family, while others were on the side of Bah Shanbor and Kong Lumspah.
He said that after the completion of the inspection, the committee will hold a meeting to discuss the matter before sending a report to the government based on the facts found through the inspection. to those places.
Food including many fish not only nourishes the outside of the body but also helps the inside of the body.
Shillong, Nailur 12: Lakhs of school children in the state have been affected by the strike by teachers but the government is still sleeping.
These schools will be set up at a cost of T.500 crore in which the state will invest only 10 percent and at most, the companies will be known.
Nongpoh: At the conclusion of the 1st Nongpoh Football League 2018, Pahambir Sports Club of Nongpoh Sports Association (NSPSL) has won the title of the 1st Nongpoh Football League Lumkya Sports Club beat Lumkya Sports Club 5-4 in the final match of the NSCA Stadium in Pahamsyiem.
Shillong, July 8: During the ILP protest by 13 Sengbhalang, Shillong has been shocked by the protests of thousands of people who have gathered at Manla Madan. Student is in public on the road.
This mapping or identification of water sources will enable preparations for the appropriate use of this water, and the development of the use of this common water. .
“It's nice to see the picture that's breathtaking...” added Linda.
“Dhar's remarks came after the Hynniewtrep Border Disputes Redressal Forum (HBDRF) requested the state government not to proceed with any agreement unless Assam sends back Block I to the state government. in the state of Meghalaya.
You can play, eat, drink, shake hands and kiss with people with HIV and AIDS. You will not get HIV if you do so.
Police said that on 18.03.2017 Tura Women PS received a tip on 14.03.2017 that a 14 year old girl has gone missing after going to the village. They'll tell you times tempo.
He said that the UDP has allowed other parties to lead the ruling party in the KHADC but now it is time for it to take over the leadership of the EC in the District Council.
They include NK Arjun and KG Choudhury.
However, even in the midst of these shortcomings, diseases and difficulties, the road is gradually being completed and the officers have marked on the maps inch by inch to know how many miles the road has been completed.
However, there is still a doubt because the disease has begun to spread in the area.
However, the greatest benefit is to the students of the College who have the desire to concentrate on literature not in English but in the Khasi language.
:The teaser of the Khasi song, 'Sngi Bakmen' will be broadcast on the 14th June 2023 at 5 pm on the Youtube channel of Bah Emdor Suchiang.
“The Congress itself has not disappeared and we are still strong in every block in both the districts, West and East Jaintia Hills districts,” he said.
The new O.M. Roster system has been introduced.
On the other hand, the NH06 in Sonapur, East Jaintia Hills has fallen in front of a tunnel and this has caused traffic jam, but vehicles have been evacuated from the speed of the puhshilum.
Speaking to reporters in Shillong, the Rangbah Shnong of Umtlieh, Bah Precious Masharing, said that the members of the KPLT have come to send letters to the people of these villages to pay T.1000 per month. per household and shall be completed within six months.
She said that the anti tobacco campaign has started in 2021 in collaboration with the Sambandh Health Foundation and the anti tobacco campaign has been successful in students and teachers, but also the citizens of the state as a whole.
The demand for a special session has come after the High Court of Meghalaya has said that it is up to the Legislative Assembly and the government when to implement the Roster System in the Reservation Policy of Meghalaya. .
Do I need a degree and a competitive exam for the post of MLA/MDC?
The protest was part of the efforts to force the government to implement the demands of the union to increase the deficit of all the 844 Adhoc Upper Primary Schools in the state.
Speaking as the Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Isawanda Laloo, Chief Executive Office of STEM, Ms. Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the citizens of Meghalaya , are environmentally friendly.
No permission should be given to use these places as Auto/Taxi stands, which will disrupt the traffic of the public and vehicles except those which have been authorized”.
Meanwhile, UDP Working President Bindo M Lanong said the UDP will ensure that the MDA will rule until the end of the five-year term.
This is according to the Electoral Roll 2013, Part No.22 of the 4th Mowkaiaw Constituency.
“This new government will be responsible for the poor, for the billions of young children, mothers and young women in the rural areas, who have been neglected,” he said.
Surprisingly, just because Prof. Henry Lamin wants to protect the shortcomings of Vice-Chancellor Prof. SK Srivastava, he is quick to criticize and slander his fellow teachers without proper grounds. that teachers come only to accumulate wealth.
This road used to be a village road, but since the introduction of Shillong Public Transport Services (SPTS) vehicles, it has become very busy.
He said the idea of ​​granting citizenship by religion will not work, because a person from Bangladesh can be a Hindu or a Christian but when he comes to India, he will become a Muslim again.
Besides, the Sordar said that there are 15 other children whom the same man has tried to rape.
According to the source, the PDF troops killed many Myanmar Army troops in their two bases.
The teacher is a teacher at Dalu Higher Secondary School and is also a resident of the village.
Shillong: The village of Sumer in Ri-Bhoi District, which has been affected by lymph skin disease (LSD), has been freed from the disease.
There has been a heavy traffic jam on the road where small vehicles traveling up and down these roads (Sohra-Pynursla-Dawki) have to wait in line until all the vehicles going down and then vehicles going up. to walk.
The meeting was organized by the Khasi Author Society (KAS) and was attended by Government Ministers including NPP Leader Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Tourism and Working President of the UDP Bah Paul Lyngdoh. UDP and former Speaker Metbah Lyngdoh, MLA Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar and others.
The KSU has also demanded that the state government should immediately remove the two foreign leaders or leaders of the Non Tribal Youth Union whom the government has appointed as Vice Chairman in the department. Pawan Sharma and Vijay Raj.
However, the Bakhraw Batri of the Hima Shillong opposed the Social Settlement of the Raid Dumria (Desh Demoreah) and the surrender of the Syiem's ​​throne without the approval of the Dorbar Hima. The civil war, known as the Thang lieh Thang iong, which took place even during the Anglo-Khasi war, was still raging.
The Yatra aims to reach more than 2.55 lakh Gram Panchayats and more than 3,600 Village Authorities in urban areas by 25th July, 2024 in all districts of the country.
Thomas Jones also contributed to the nation by teaching them to improve in the fields of craftsmanship, rice cultivation, mystery work, silver mining and teaching medicine to the sick.
Does the Constitution of India allow for discrimination?
Therefore, the player said that when the opportunity came to him as one of the parts to donate the jymphong which he has already used in the tournament, he was not surprised or hesitant at all. for he knew it was the best thing he could do for the children.
Ronnie denied that the government had allocated land, but said that his signature was only as President of the Rajya Sanik Board and not as Prime Minister.
“I am sorry to learn that the families are suffering due to the lockdown in these months but as much as I can as the father of the constituency I will take care of the problems.
The Niangphlang appears during these months and after this, it hides underground to turn into nianglong and thapbalieh.
I will not engage in speculation.
Speaking to reporters, Zenith Sangma expressed his deep sorrow after hearing from the people who said that many of the land in the area have been included in the list. Assam, where most of the areas of Meghalaya have been annexed to Assam after the demarcation.
The Office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District will hold a Mega Camp at the polling stations of Mawkynrew and Nongkrem Assembly Constituencies on the 11th and 12th July,
Fuel: means tyllawding-tyllaw is a wood that burns and burns, fire is the force that burns and burns any creature.
NEHUTA has urged “Peace and Justice” as the main issue to be pursued in Manipur even before ending the conflict which has been seen as the main cause of the conflict.
“I'm going to sleep....
The floods occurred this morning after a sudden heavy rainfall last night in eastern parts of Sikkim.
“I would like to congratulate the Minister of Sports because it is under his leadership that Meghalaya has improved rapidly in the field of sports in the state,” he said.
The targeting of various development schemes or the performance of the State Government is one of the most important issues in Khadar governance and is a way to improve the work culture of government employees. They work hard and sit quietly in offices or workplaces or in the streets.
“Although the UDP leader declined to announce the prominent candidates who want to contest from the party in this election especially from East Khasi Hills, it is understood that the candidates who will contest in 2023 are the prominent candidates. not in the works they do.
The Congress has already announced the list of 40 candidates for the 2023 elections.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, also expressed his support for the bill which is the empowerment of women in the country.
In this regard, the leaders of the Meghalaya government and Assam have decided to consider the issue before taking a decision and before resolving the border between the two states.
So far, 3,045 people have recovered from the disease and 115 have died.
Tata Motors, India, one of the largest manufacturers of commercial vehicles, has launched its new Intra V70, Intra V20 Gold and Ace HT+ to improve its performance. the transportation process from start to finish.
According to information received, in this border village of Meghalaya known as Rani Jirang Village, not only the illegal quarrying has been taken advantage of by the rich people from Assam, but also the rich people from Assam. They also illegally installed stone crushers to crush the stones illegally quarried from the forests at Rani village in Jirang area of ​​Ri Bhoi District.
On the other hand, he said that in this age many schools do not teach the training that the youth after completing their education or degrees to get jobs in non-government jobs.
The semifinal will be played on Monday, 21st July.
This is the power of politics in Meghalaya.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Shimladbiang Rynjah, Vice-President of the Urban and Khapsor Taxi Drivers Union, said that the union has had to lodge a complaint with the Commissioner of Transport. Umroi Airport has been banned from boarding passengers.
Charles said he had sought clarification from the PWD department on the inability to complete the Umiam Bridge in Shella even after six years. state.
Regarding this special meeting, the BJP leader has brought that promise to many of the people and even the leaders, but as expressed by the BJP leader and even Dr. DD Lapang said He said that there was nothing behind it when he came to hand over the book which wrote about the work that the BJP government has done to bring about change in India in just 9 years of its leadership. Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister of India.
“Don't worry Rida... God bless you...” said the Principal. The Principal saw that she was upset and turned to another topic. On the part of the teachers and the teacher who looks after you, I told you... "The Principal took the file without finishing.
The residents found that the Ri Syiar company used to steal by pouring eight syiar into the wells and covering them with soil just to destroy them.
The new office bearers of HANM West Jaintia Hills District include Wankishwa Mawlong, Working President Damehi Dkhar, Vice President Max C. Pasi, Secretary Robel Pakma, Assistant Secretary James Syiemlieh and Arki Lytan, Education Secretary. Thepmon Patwet, Organizing Secretary Seimon Sutnga, Publicity Secretary Kijuhi Sukhaliñ and Finance Secretary Rimitre Lakiang.
Justice Shiva Kirti Singh and Justice Rohinton Fali Nariman were the judges of the hearing on the appeal of the KHADC against the state government.
I would like to congratulate Bah Ardent for exposing the roster system through his knowledge of the law.
After arriving in Ambala, Rahul Gandhi left for Shimla in Himachal Pradesh by road.
However, in relation to the diseases that we find in the families and in the society as a whole, we do not do anything to find adequate treatment that can cure the weaknesses and instability in the families. our.
Therefore, the dorbar should be held and the contempt of house should be taken seriously.
Daniel explains that the fourth kingdom was a kingdom as strong as silver, and that was the kingdom of Macedonia founded by Alexander the Great who ruled from 356-323BCE. It reached India as told by Daniel, which means that Alexander ruled in India at that time.
He said that Namdong PHC has completed the construction of the CHC building since 2012, but until these days the plan to open and provide staff has not been completed. Hek, Bah AL Hek to meet this demand of the people.
Drinking plenty of water is essential for people who are affected by high blood pressure. Ka Mluh : Those who have high blood pressure or show any signs of high blood pressure should avoid it because salt is high in sodium.
Although it was not disclosed how many youths have joined the party, the HNLC said in a statement that it hopes that with the presence of these youths, “It is important that the party continues to strengthen its chess and reach its goal of achieving the demands of the party for various issues,” said Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw. Shillong, July 8: The Annual General Meeting of Lawjynriew Village Council will be held on the 11th of this month at Madan Nongthymmai Shillong at 9.00 pm.
Nongpoh, November 10 : The Congress party leaders in Ri Bhoi District today said that they are not afraid of the threats of other parties that the Congress party has lost power in the state, but as leaders they will stand firm. They understand that the party Congress is on the road not only to win from the three constituencies in Ri Bhoi and also hopes to win the election. The 2023 elections will be held in the state.
Nongpoh, March 21: The Shakhoikuna Area (SAIBDO) has launched a campaign to bring about economic development in six villages in the Shakhoikuna area which is also the most backward area in Ri Bhoi District. , Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
“The amendment to the Election Act 2021 to link Aadhaar number and voter name is against the Constitution of the country and will put the villagers in a state of shock if this link goes ahead as planned. offer".
Gupta is the Director General of the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB).
“This training program has been effective.
Kerala has 11,654 cases today, followed by Karnataka.
On the other hand, the Ministers also sent their condolences to the families of those victims in this tragic incident which has shocked the state as a whole.
The removal of the speed breakers came after the Taxi Drivers Union (WJHTODA) Jowai lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya. The speed breakers in Jowai from New Hill to Mihmyntdu have caused traffic jam and affected their livelihood.
“Finally, to seek to destroy the national identity for only four months is impossible.
He also urged the students to set the goal of serving the community.
The Government has allocated Rs 9 crore 78 lakh for the upgradation of this Sub Center to a PHC.
Leaders and members of the party have always witnessed heavy traffic jam in the area, many vehicles have broken down in the middle of the road, many vehicles have overturned on the road. The road has been damaged, the people who drive and pedestrians have suffered not only in walking but also in the landslide, which has endangered the health of the people. The residents, especially those who live in houses and shops along the road, have to face the landslide caused by the deterioration of the road which has also looked like a dirt road or forest road. which are filled with snow and ice which causes trouble and danger to passing vehicles especially heavy vehicles carrying goods.
Rymbui said that this time in the GHADC election, no party has won the election, except the GNC, but the people of Garo Hills still have confidence. he's a national party.
The curfew will be in force only within the boundary of East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has prepared 15 players and five more players for the BCCI Vijay Hazare Trophy.
The government has also provided vehicles to transport them from Guwahati to their villages.
Do parents and the community agree with that? Even those who know less than you and me cannot believe such an explanation.
Shillong, Naitung 25: Employees of Dr H Gordon Roberts Hospital, Jaiaw, today suddenly brought a flag and placard in front of the office of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod (KJS) at Mission Compound. The Medical Superintendent of the hospital, Dr David Tariang, has been immediately suspended.
O Langshiang scored the first goal for Rangdajied in the 18th minute and D Diengdoh scored three goals each in the 37th, 75th and 80th minutes.
Lakhs of people have flocked to witness this huge festival and due to this influx of people, on this day has caused a heavy traffic jam from Mawngap. It takes many hours to reach Shillong.
Snepkor is also used for many other purposes, including food and drink and the manufacture of other products from it.
However, in the inspection of many villages in the district, it was found that there are only a few residents who are still interested in raising livestock such as cows, goats, pigs. chickens and pigs.
This festival was lost decades ago, but it was only in 2010 under the leadership of Pa Daloi Nangbah Elaka Rgh, RM Garod and together with the leadership of the Langdoh Niam of Raij Mukhla and the Langdoh Niam of Raij Nangbah. We have been able to revive this ritual and shad pastieh at the Thadlaskeiñ Pond.
Awareness programs on how to protect natural resources have also been conducted in 6689 villages and training has been given to 20,067 Village Community Facilitators.
Before the end of the first half, the Shillong Sports Association ( Shillong Sports Association ) said that a decision will be taken after the football tournament committee. meeting and will be announced later.
It has been my wish to visit this state for a long time.
Shillong: After about 24 hours, a fire broke out at a shop on Thana Road on Saturday which led to the death of one person.
Referring to the HSPDP, he said that the people are well aware of the party's position which wants to abolish the District Council immediately by demanding Article 371 A. He said that the NCP since the beginning of the MUDA border crossing until today has taken seriously this issue and is still standing against it.
