The Seng requests the Meghalaya Government to take responsibility for this violence by the Nepalis, so that there will be peace and order, and urges the Hima, Dorbar Shnong, Seng authorities. Youth, Longkmie Seng to block and oppose the Nepali plan to set up this market.
On the other hand, the MDC of the area who is also the Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Teibor Pathaw said that the Mawlai constituency has grown very large and therefore it is difficult only for the MDC scheme to look after everything. try as much as you can to join hands if the leaders come forward to work together.
The party is ready to return to power after the MP elections and after returning from the recent party meeting in New Delhi, the BJP Meghalaya has decided to has continued to prepare for the MP elections by strengthening the departments in the state and has started implementing programs 'visit the villages' and 'meet the people' which will be the means to meet the voters. vote to clarify the activities of the party under the leadership of party president Rikman Momin,” he said.
This place of Knia Pyrthat is where the Soo Langdohs meet every year to perform the rituals and thanksgiving before the beginning of Behdieñkhlam.
The Bible tells us about a living and active God here on earth.
Dabit Dkhar and Happiness Phawa were the winners of the Republic Day Run organized by the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District in collaboration with the DSO, Jowai on 26th July.
She said that according to the Notification until 1951, it was stated that these villages fall under the Khasi Hills and nothing was stated that they were part of Assam.
“It is not a small task but I feel that as the Deputy Commissioner she has led by example.
There they sat down for a while and wanted to know more from the Rangbah Shnong.
To achieve this, we will send a letter with the right place, date and time to Bah Adelbert Nongrum for discussion and we hope that this meeting will be successful. We will receive the holy gospel for the benefit of the whole organization.
Similarly, in November last year, five Chinese nationals were injured after armed groups broke into and attacked a prominent hotel frequented by customers. the hotel in Kabul.
It is learned that tomorrow's meeting at Malki Square, which has been approved by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, will discuss many issues besides announcing more protest routes if the government does not agree to discuss them. They are known as the rishot of the country and the nation.
Nongstoiñ: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawthadraishan Circle, today announced that it will hold a public hearing on the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Bill 2018 of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). HYC Mawthadraishan Circle, Bah Marcos R Marthong, said that the meeting will be held on the 5th of this month at Markasa Market from 11:30 AM. The meeting will also be attended by CEM of KHADC Bah HS Shylla, leaders of STIEH and Sengbhalang leaders from Mawthadraishan who will also take part in the meeting. to support this Bill.
Ramesh Pokhriyal 'Nishank', Minister of Education, Government of India, has tested positive for covid-1
We are living in the last days.
Administrators of any Group are also warned to ensure that a member of their Group does not post prohibited content.
At the same time, he also congratulated the students of this department as well as the retired soldiers for their contribution to the preservation of the environment.
By Bah Philip MarweinThe Metor area in Iewmawlong at the foot of Iewduh many people are reluctant to preach about it because of the garbage but this place has become so famous that it has appeared in the newspapers not only now but also from the past.
“When we implement the NEP 2020, various subjects will be introduced in all the educational institutions of the country and there will be a huge investment especially in buildings and others.
The Meghalaya Basketball Association congratulates Bah Donald and wishes him all the best and hopes that in the future, through his election to this high position, he will bring about the change and development of this sport in the country. state.
In a country of many languages, dialects and ways of speaking, it is the unity that brings about unity which is like unity among many.
Therefore, to protect the law and order, any illegal toll gates/check gates are prohibited along the highway, state roads and roads in different districts. different from East Khasi Hills District.
He said that the truth is that according to the customs and traditions of the Khasi, the forest belongs to the village, raid or elaka which means it belongs to the people and not to any government.
Jowai, Naitung 29: Police in West Jaintia Hills on Saturday seized five cows from Muktapur.
Shillong, Jymmang 14 : The Director General of Police (DGP) Dr LR Bishnoi today said that the police chiefs of Garo Hills are still verifying the information received that the Garo National Liberation has been revived. Army (GNLA) leaders who have been arrested and surrendered before the government to know the facts and take the necessary action.
After this, he invited two of his male friends with the intention of kidnapping the girl.
The Executive Committee of the Alumni has decided to hold a Mini Fete on the 21st June 2023 from 10:00 am to 5:00 pm. All Alumni are invited to attend the event and join us so that the project will be a success.
This is the spirit of the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra which will continue till 26th July this year and starts today on the Jayanti of Bhagwan Birsa Munda.
Although the elections are about two months away, there are still many changes as many MLAs are still confused whether to leave their party or to contest from other parties.
He said that according to the RTI, the NPP-led MDA1 government from 2018 to 2023 has set up the Meghalaya Economic Development Council (MEDC) with a Chairman and Co-Chairman. and Vice-Chairman and all other office bearers of the party in the government.
I don't plant like a cow.
According to sources, the coal truck was coming from Sonapur Assam and had the number plate RG 21 GC coal to the Star Cement factory in Lumshnong, but when the truck reached a remote area in Wapung; The driver of the truck couldn't stop and collided with the Alto which was coming from the other side.
“If we don't move forward with this goal, we will not be able to grow and develop or our income will increase,” he said.
It is suspected that the two drivers of the vehicle were the same robbers involved in the incident.
The word huri hura means to be stupid, while huri alone and hura alone have no meaning.
The West Jaintia Hills District Executive Force (WJDC) has appealed to the citizens of the country to help the poor during the lockdown in the country. They have extended their helping hand by donating rice, biscuits, dai and other food items to the poor families.
Shillong: Macmillan Byrsat of the NPP has won from Nongstoin, Nujorki Sungoh of the UDP has won from Mowkaiaw and Kimfa Marbaniang has won from Mowkaiaw. Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency.
Shillong, Lber 07: Seven members of the Meghalaya Traditional Wrestling and Pankration Seminar (NCW) have participated in the recently concluded National Referee & Judges Seminar held from 1st to 4th of this month. October, 2024 in Tripura organized by the All Meghalaya Traditional Wrestling and Pankration Association [AMTW&PA] have completed their training and passed to be recognized as License Referees & Judges of the All India (AlTW& PF) led by Omar Tamboli from Pune, Maharashtra as President.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Besides the heavy traffic jam around Shillong today, there was another heavy traffic jam in Iewduh on Tuesday.
It may be recalled that the Act was passed by the State Legislative Assembly in November 2015 and a deadline has been set for all MLAs and MDCs holding two posts to resign from one of these posts. on March 1, 2015.
Barisha Laloo, daughter of Phlimai Laloo and OS Lyngdoh, residents of Panaliar, Jowai, passed away on
Up to 8 teams will take part in the women's football tournament.
Participants included staff from the Social Welfare Department and the Meghalaya State Rural Livelihood Society.
Iran last month joined the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) at a meeting led by India.
Thiruvananthapuram: Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan has made it clear that Kerala will not accept any party which has created religious strife.
“In politics, we always hide our intentions but we will reveal them at the beginning of this campaign.
The party said that the inability of the state government shows that it is the failure of Conrad K Sangma as the leader of the government.
Shillong: There have been 157 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 336 recoveries.
During his inspection, many of the residents who met him said that this water shortage has been in the past few years after Bah Paul Lyngdoh was defeated in the election.
He said the NPP will form a single government and the people should not lose this opportunity.
Shillong: A 24-year-old woman from West Khasi Hills, Meghalaya has been admitted to the Supercare Hospital, Shillong on March 24, 2022 with the following information: Bilateral temporo-mandibular joints (TMJs) are the movable joints that connect the lower part of the mouth to the head.
From the start of the match, both the teams played hard and went straight to the goal with the goal of scoring but no one could score.
Sleep well, para Ri para Jaidbynriew, while the floods have not yet come, now it is only the water of someone else's well that has destroyed this village, it is because of the lack of cleanliness or the lack of cleanliness. think of yourself to be cleansed.
Jesus said Matt.19:6 “What therefore God hath joined together, let not man put asunder”.
The President of the Garo Students Union (GSU) Zicko Balgra said that no matter what happens, the Sengbhalang will not allow non-tribals to contest the upcoming MDC elections and even to vote. it is reserved only for minorities to protect their caste specifically" he said.
Many of these don't have Hindu names.
Shortly after, the Governor also launched a book written by Prof. LS Gassah and Dr. CJ Thomas.
The meeting will be held at 1 pm.
The cash seized was T.1.85 lakh, T.2.875 lakh and T.6 lakh.
“The SMCs are looking after the provisions of the RTE Act, 2009,” he said.
On the part of the Dolloi of Raliang Elaka, Chawas Lyngdoh, the head of the religion in the Raij, he invited and welcomed the people of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum to witness the traditional ritual.
The most prominent player of the day was Eden Hazard, who showed his skills and attracted the attention of football fans.
In the women's category, Kyntimon Marwein won in 01:22:20, followed by Darishisha Iangjuh in :26:56 and third place went to Daplin Wahlang who completed the goal in 01:29:0
He said that the patients received the medicines after buying them from the pharmacies.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Wahkaliar Unit has sent a letter to the Executive Engineer of PWD (Roads), Sohra Division to complain about the deterioration of the road from Wahshari to Wahshari. Khliehshnong, Sohra to Laitduh, Sohra which is about 7 Kms.
Other wrestlers from Meghalaya, including Kordor Marwein in the lightweight category 57-60kg, lost to Aditya Nagar of Uttar Pradesh after the referee had to stop the fight. in the first watch.
Speaking to media on Monday to express his feelings on the Reservation Policy and Roster System, Bah Paul said, “The Garo people are older and more intelligent compared to us. that Khasi.
The program was conducted by Ms. Seniorita Wanlah, NYKS Volunteer, who explained briefly about the importance of skill development for the youth.
They held fast to their own customs, even though they had to take over from others.
Three sites including Mawshyieng, Mongmarboh have been selected for the scheme and Madan Nongrah has been selected first.
Bah Sambor also appealed to other petrol pumps to join hands with these drivers especially as many of the drivers are Khasi.
A Mawthoh will be the Commandant of the 1st MLP Battalion while Kynjing will be the Principal of the Police Training School.
At the same time, he urged all those who came to participate in the program to cooperate for the protection of the drinking water sources.
[continued]Then Bah also lifted his feet to join them and walked alongside them.
Speaking to reporters, Khraw said that the summons was on cases at Laitumkhrah Police Station and six charges were filed against the party leaders.
The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) has demanded that the state government should first give a clear answer to the people on how many households living in Them Metor are employed by the Shillong Municipal Board and how many are working in the Shillong Municipal Board. pat in other Government departments.
The body will be taken from Shillong by a police vehicle in front, the body in the middle and followed by police vehicles behind the band and then by the crowd from Shillong to West Khasi Hills.
However, three years have passed and the BJP government has kept this a secret,” said the Congress MP.
He said that the road from Lad Mawkhoh to Pashang will also start and the road to Nongryngkoh which no one has ever thought of getting a road but now the road has reached the village headquarters.
Therefore, she stressed on the need to improve water, electricity and other facilities for sustainability.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09 : The Cabinet on Tuesday passed an Ordinance to repeal the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act (MRGA),
The office bearers of the MPMC were confirmed by the President of the MPMC, Jop Scott Shylla in the presence of A.Ryngkhlem, Vice President, MPMC, Catherine Marbaniang, General Secretary, MPMC. Rimaya Manar, General Secretary of the Khliehriat Block Congress Committee, Thynda Sana, Working President of the Khliehriat Block Congress Committee and others.
Shillong: On the second day of the U-16 Boys' Vijay Merchant Trophy, Apan Danka Marak scored a hat-trick against the best batsmen of Arunachal Pradesh. fought at Cuttack.
Evans Chebet of Kenya, who is still the world champion, has once again won the Boston Marathon and has fulfilled all his dreams. Eliud Kipchoge for setting a new record in the tournament.
Here you have praised God alone.
After that, he joined Monaco in France and made 68 appearances in three and a half years and could not extend his career in the country, due to illness, and decided to leave. to Como.
The two issues that have been passed by the Assembly without any objection from a single MLA are the resolution passed by the Assembly, the issue of the ILP and the introduction of the ILP. the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Eighth Schedule.
Speaking to reporters, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District SC Sadhu said, “We have discussed this issue with the Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday night.
According to Dr Laloo, there are 30,000 teachers in the state including deficit, non-deficit and government school teachers where the government has struggled to provide their salaries.
“If nothing can be done on this demand, we have no choice but to protest against the Government,” said the union leaders.
The owner of the shop said that she had given the shop to Prodipta, thinking that she was a Khasi, but after the Dorbar Shnong Riat Laban and Madan Laban; she ordered the owner of the house to leave, and she left, but she said that she had been threatened by Prodipta.
Some of the countries that have provided the most aid to Ukraine are the US and Germany, with a total of 70.7 billion euros in aid so far for the Ukrainian military. .
For any requirements regarding the duties assigned to her, please call
The Central Government should not sit idly by just because the elections are over.
The new executive committee of the JSM was confirmed on 9.4.2019 by the President of the JSM, Ma Leningstar Rymbai.
Shillong, Nailur 05 : U Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma on Tuesday acknowledged that teachers are indeed the strong pillars who contribute to building a strong country.
Both the teams tried to play strongly from the start and could not score until the end of the first half.
According to sources , the MDCs of the PDF said that in fact the PDF does not want to show that it has the power to bring about a power struggle , but it wants and expects that Teilinia will The PDF has decided not to resign, but after Teilinia announced in the media that she will not resign, the PDF has decided not to resign.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that through the Mawkynrew Cup, many youngsters from the area have played in the biggest tournament in the state such as the Super Division.
Meat vendors along the road should cover their shops in front and on the visible sides with a 40%-50% opacity so that passers-by cannot see the meat inside.
He said that the adoption of these rules is to enable the Lokayukta to carry out its work in the future.
Lok Sabha MP Vincent H Pala inaugurated the MPL Season 3 of the Madankynsaw Premier League at a function held at Umrajha Stadium, Madankynsaw Mowkyndeng on Saturday.
Regarding the use of urea by the farmers of the state, Gandhi said he cannot say whether they will refrain from using urea or whether they will continue to use it as usual. you are the state government.
Jowai, November 15: A group of about 9 wild elephants have come to destroy the rice fields of the residents of Borsora village last month.
Besides, Bah Mayral said that there are two types of youtubers, those who use the right to provide true information to the public which is helpful for them and there are other types of youtubers who try to take advantage of events. only to please him.
He also congratulated all the leaders and members of the NPP for their cooperation in celebrating the 11th Anniversary of the NPP party, which is one of the parties with the goal of serving the people. for the development of the state in all aspects.
The relief campaign was led by MPUF President Sanjoy Bareh in the presence of Vice President Bantei Suklaiñ, MPUF-EJHD General Secretary Kmenlang Siangshai and other members of the MPUF. Malamanoh Dras Siangshai congratulated all the members of the MPUF who came forward to help the family.
Shillong, June 25 : The e-Proposal System program of the Meghalaya Enterprise Architecture (MeghEA) has been awarded the UN Award. 2022.
During the investigation, it was found that he was involved in the crime and the court was able to give a fair trial to the victim.
With the help of the Fire & Emergency Services (SRT) Shillong, the body of the driver of the truck was recovered in the afternoon. Khrawkupar Phawa of Sohmynting village, West Jaintia Hills District.
Fourthly, it also happens because of the ignorance of the people.
However, the HSPDP leader has tried to attract his members to his home, but before this happens, it is believed that the national spirit wants the right to rule over its children. However, the sound of the UDP bomb has stopped as soon as the NPP book and the PDF leaders have started reading as they used to read together in the last three terms. years ago.
“The time has come for you who have been honored now to lead the way for other youth, because many of them when they pass class – X don't know how to choose the subjects to study,” said James H. Mawphniang while encouraging the children who were awarded.
“Many investigations have been conducted by the government but nothing has been done, it has ended without punishment for those involved in corruption, therefore, we demand that the government should punish those involved. people involved in corruption according to the findings of the investigation team,” he said.
Then using air purifiers can prevent allergic reactions.
The village leader said that the land owners were also surprised to see the BSF setting up camps on their land.
Regarding the number of such households, the union has received information that there are many households across the villages in the district, who have faced such a problem, he said. The RBYF understands the plight of the people and especially at this time, when all the people are facing difficulties, therefore even in the midst of such a situation, the RBYF The union urges the government to take action to seek information and provide assistance to those families who are very poor and facing difficulties in getting food and drink, he added.
As part of the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence or 'Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav', the Ministry of Power and Renewable of the Union Government together with the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills today Bijli Mohaysav was celebrated under the banner of 'Ujjwal Bharat, Ujjwal Bhavishya Power @
Regarding James' claim that the CEM has offered him the post of Dy.Chairman, Adelbert said that the ARPA welcomes anyone who comes to join it, but it does not. but to tell them what to do or what to do for them.
After the meeting, Kiran Bedi said that the MLA is accustomed to creating trouble and talking trouble and this is not the first time.
He also urged the government to take immediate action on this issue, as it affects not only the drivers but also the public and especially the school children who are approaching the examination.
If at Pi Hahiroth there is a voice of God and a promise of God telling the people to move forward to freedom.
Sanjiv Ghosh (4 overs: tied for 39 runs: 2 wickets) and Prasanjit Chanda (4 overs: tied for 34 runs: 1 wicket).
Higher Secondary School in the field of education.
We should also provide some information related to the law and order where we have seen recently that there is a misunderstanding of the inability to participate freely in the crime scene where the police themselves. They were violated by entering and knocking until they burned the doors in the room where they shot dead the man.
Nidamon said the JAC has unanimously decided to suspend the import of goods produced by the dewbilat factories until they receive a new price.
In fact, the government had already held a meeting on the 26th of last month and decided to increase the fare of four buses to T.5 for a distance of 5 km.
In Spain, the number of cases has risen to 3,000 and the death toll to 84. Spanish Prime Minister Irene Montero has also tested positive for the virus.
This happened after the Feast of Passover in the year 32 AD on the day that Jesus entered Jerusalem as king, Jesus came to the house of Lazarus in Bethany and stay overnight there.
Shillong: The 16th border road from Iarbamon to Bholaganj was inaugurated.
The present government should eliminate the thinking and working methods of the previous governments.
The death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to 18 from Maharashtra, 15 from Gujarat, nine from Madhya Pradesh, three from Delhi and West Bengal, two from Tamil Nadu and one each from Punjab and Uttar Pradesh.
The NPP Jowai wishes the MLA a healthy body and to bring more development works in the Jowai area.
Until now, the excavation in the area is still going on, with many people, to recover these precious stones, from the area, said the residents of the area. region in the media.
Regarding the demand of the Khasi Jaintia for the reservation policy and roster in Meghalaya, the Garo have demanded that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya should not interfere with the reservation policy and roster in Meghalaya. Since the beginning of the Hill State of Meghalaya in 1972, Meghalaya has been in disagreement on this issue and should be resolved as soon as possible.
We don't want that, we want to fight class XII like we deserve," said one girl.
It is worth mentioning that there are about five teams from all over the village.
Gradually, the river started to fill up and the fire brigade also struggled and after a while they were able to rescue the four persons. The officer said that there were still people washing clothes in the river and the officer tried to visit again and found two more people sitting in the middle of the hill. They were rescued by the fire brigade. They were also rescued by the fire brigade.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Vincent Pala said that Bah Kanang Lyngshiang has had a desire to serve the people since he was a child and for nearly 20 years he has dedicated himself to the service of the people. for the benefit of the residents of Mawkynrew.
In 2017, the Dorbar Shnong upgraded the school to Higher Secondary Level.
“Many students who have applied for jobs or other projects now have to do online, I don't know why this government is showing its violence,” said Zenith. .
Replying to a question, Sangma said the closure of such schools may not be the way to help.
This prompted them to search in the evening and found her lying with serious injuries.
Sounder said he is ready to be the ksiang to bring the political parties together for the benefit of the people, as it was in the past when there was JACSO with the KSU, FKJGP. “Who is ready to talk to other parties to join hands, because one carries the flag now, tomorrow another on the same issue,” said Bah Sounder.
Secretary of the Village Council.
you can help the owner of the car.
The Mufti said there is a big difference between former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee and Narendra Modi. “Help me, God, that until now they haven't voted for a cow,” she said.
Although this information is urgent, the Association requests the SSA teachers to accept this information,” said the statement.
“On the directive of BJP National President JP Nadda, I am pleased to announce that the BJP will support the NPP candidate from Meghalaya in Tura and Shillong and the NPF in Outer Manipur. Constituency and to the NDPP in Nagaland in this election to the Legislative Assembly of India.
He said that in Mawmerang village he has done many works such as the construction of a football ground, the construction of a school, the distribution of aid to the families and what remains now is to distribute the books. or order that they will soon start building a toilet.
It was also decided to allow the opening of markets from 15th June
He said that it was his father, Purno A. Sangma who brought about the establishment of the Rongjeng Sub Division and other Government buildings for the benefit of the residents of Rongjeng.
Vladimir Putin has reportedly deployed robot troops on the Ukrainian border, along with billions of weapons, and 85,000 troops. invade Ukraine.
Similar meetings were also held with all other states.
Ma Balen Thubru, President of the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA), said that today, no one is loading goods, no one is mining coal, no one is mining coal. There are more workers, who are on the side of the road, who pick mawsleit and other works.
At the Christmas celebration, the NPP Shillong North candidate, Bah Ransom Sutnga, said that the party leaders have elected only the low income families. and also those with disabilities including those who are over the age of receipt of these gifts.
The militants at the time of the shooting managed to escape and now there is a massive search operation to arrest or shoot them.
Jesus not only saw the face and knew the name, but he also saw the heart and soul of the sinner who was eager to repent.
Shillong, March 20: Amazon's SVP India and Emerging Markets recently launched their vision for Amazon in India at the fourth part of the Amazon Summit in New Delhi.
“Ka War Jaintia urges the Congress party to suspend Mukul Sangma as Prime Minister because since he took over, the people have faced many problems,” said Bah Pohshna.
In Jesus, service should not be selfish, selfish, selfish, or selfish.
It is to be recalled that in the past few months, there have been complaints in two places that the absence of teachers has caused problems to the students. The state as a whole is now at the bottom in terms of education and once it was known as a place of education where other children from other states come. beh to this state of ours to get a good education.
There will be a great loss for them.
The union congratulates the government department for its hard work in conducting the inspection and at the same time the union urges the people to cooperate with the government, as at present in the rural areas the people count sting to follow the government's guidelines such as social distancing.
However, the Government has remained silent regarding the upgradation of Mawryngkneng C&RD Block to a Civil Sub Division, where the number of villages has reached 64 villages and the number of people According to the 2011 census, it has a population of 67,291, 33,396 males and 33,895 females; However, the Government has remained silent and these three MLAs have not spoken or said a single word regarding this issue which the people need.
Bah Shylla therefore suggested to the leaders of all three Seng Riewlum to meet immediately without delay and take a decision to work together before the elections.
However, he said that the Congress has not supported the PDF because it has not tried to dissolve the EC and the NPP which is in the state government.
She said that the slogan of the Dorbar Bah on 30th June 2015 “As in the past, so in the future because the country will be one” will encourage us in this time of trial.
Anyone who violates this order will be punished according to the provisions of the law.
“After this, we will hold a meeting with the Regional Committee of Assam and also visit the border areas,” he said.
The time has come for the elders, the Dorbar Shnongs and those civil society organizations to stop these insurgents.
During the election, even if a candidate donates lakhs of rupees to each polling station, those who collect lakhs and tens of lakhs are only the leaders.
Regarding this incident, the Mawlaingut Village Council strongly condemns the bloodthirsty robbers who don't have the knowledge to commit such a terrible crime.
Furthermore, the union said that it is not useful for the government to spend more money just to buy buses to operate in Shillong because the traffic jam will increase and we would like to demand that instead of Thied bus will be used to build a four lane road, the statement said.
“A strong start for a bright future” was held at the hall of the office of the Block Development Officer Ranikor C&RD Block.
In its ruling, the court ordered that Bah Dohling should continue to be the Rangbah Shnong of Malki until another Rangbah Shnong is elected. that custom ritual.
The signage in the offices of the Government of India shall also be in the Khasi language, which shall also open up employment opportunities.
There are 20 recoveries, including 17 from East Khasi Hills, of which 13 are civilians, two from Ribhoi District and one from North Garo Hills.
Dr Hamlet B Ngap KyntaThe Christian Church and the Christian people cannot help but observe the day of the Lord.
PFR Football Academy will play against KVSWS West Bengal at 8 pm at Pannalal School Ground, West Bengal.
You can register at the Common Service Center (CSC)/Rainbow Center inside or near the village by visiting the website www.eshram.
Nongstoiñ: The Assembly of the Church of God (Meghalaya & Manipur) will be held at Mawlangsu Church in West Khasi Hills District from the evening of the 21st of this month from 6:30 PM to on the Lord's Day the 24th.
If the contractor is not willing, I will ask him to leave the matter to the department to find a way because we don't want to allow this to happen,” he added.
Information on the allocation and utilization of funds under the North East Special Infrastructure Development Scheme (NESIDS) is as follows:-The allocation and utilization of funds since its inception under the NESID Scheme ( In millions).
Sonam, who doesn't hesitate to criticize anyone, may have to get rid of this habit completely and if she continues in this situation she may suffer.
Therefore, the union strongly warns those contractors and householders who are willing to bring these foreigners, to employ and accommodate them, to provide them with the work permit of the state, said the statement. Rapborlang Nongrum, Publicity Secretary of the party.
When there is no poverty, no unemployment, no self-righteousness, it leads to such a relationship.
In the case diary, the investigating police officer said that the three men were present at the scene on 24th November at the Mini Secretariat. There were also witnesses who said that they were incited by these three men to hold a protest in this place.
Many restrictions, many rules, many laws (which apply only to foreigners of Meghalaya) have made it difficult for non-residents to live and earn in the state, shah restrictions on income, employment, freedom, and even life," said Gopal Dey.
The Council has tried to generate revenue through the Executive Committee by taking these first steps to implement the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council Bill, 2023 which was passed on 9 November, 2023 and now sent to the lad of the state.
The two matches, Khliehriat West vs Thangskai Tiger and Dhana vs Moolamanoh, were played in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) at the Artificial Turf Diengshynrum Stadium. Khleihriat on the day of Ar.
For Athletes (men and women), under the SAI, Residential Scheme, will be held on 14th and 15th November, 2023; 8.00 am, (12 to 18 years).
Speaking to reporters, Bah Macmilan said that according to the law, the transfer of any officer depends on the will and will of the government. The hands of politicians in this matter are not true.
At the same time, he said that according to the traders, there is no overpricing these days.
At the same time, they urged all those who have the spirit of sympathy to help those who have suffered such a tragic incident, to join hands and help their brothers and sisters. countries facing natural disasters.
There is a difference in this, that if a Khasi woman marries a non-Khasi, she and the children who will be born from that marriage will no longer have the Khasi race and all the rights. They are like the Khasi people.
However, the Government has appointed the Chairman of the Committee, Kong Amapreen Lyngdoh, who has already spoken about the State Reservation Policy in 2018 and last year, before the last elections.
The decision was taken by the Adhoc teachers after they did not keep their promise only in the words of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong who called for a meeting with the leaders of FASToM on Thursday.
In the first innings, Mizoram used Agni Chopra for 94 runs off 48 balls but was dismissed by Akash Kumar Chou for 1/2
The purpose of this ONORC is to enable the public to register their Aadhaar numbers under the National Food Security Act (NFSA) especially the poor households (AAY & PHH).
The Sordar of Dwara said that the CEM has agreed to look for those involved in inciting the mob to attack the farmers, and if the Council finds out, it will not forgive and will take strong action.
About 500 RSS servants marched from Keating Road, Police Bazar to Contonment Lukier Road on Tuesday
He said that the reason why many states in the country including Meghalaya have to oppose these laws is that these laws will benefit the private sector and large companies. , because in these laws there is no mention of the clause known as the Minimum Support Price to assist the farmers.
Shillong, June 09: Meghalaya has now freed five districts from the outbreak of Covid-19 with all the active cases recovered.
“The state government should not miss this great opportunity for the youth of the state,” he said.
At the same time, he urged the people to take good care of it so that it will not be destroyed and as the people they should treat it as their own home.
We will talk to them and explain to them so that the remaining three issues can be resolved soon.
This election is to continue the development, because the NPP party has done the best in terms of development in the last seven years,it is the strength of the party.
HANM said that the Dorbar Shnong Lumdingjri is one of the ways to implement the ILP. HANM says that the Dorbar Shnongs are the first source of authority to implement the ILP even if the government approves it. The implementation of the ILP will not make sense if the village authorities take sting this is an example.
We have seen that in the last three years, many public issues have remained hanging in the balance.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma and the Cabinet did not hesitate to convey this demand to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his meeting with him in New Delhi on Tuesday. The people are just spectators on social media and in the media of the photographs of the Prime Minister and the Cabinet of the Government of Meghalaya.
The investigation has reportedly been going on for more than a year.
They wished the entire family all the best and offered their condolences on the tragic incident.
He said that although the VPP has been able to appear for only a short time to prepare for the election, the people have shown their love for the party and especially for the foundations that the party has laid. clean and transparent governance, border, unemployment, eradication of corruption and others.
The Maharaja of Kashmir has also been empowered to elect leaders for Kashmir and Kashmir has been able to send four leaders, namely Sheikh Mohamad Abdullah, Mirza Mohamad Afzal Beg, Maulana Mohamad Sayeed Masoodi. , and Shri Moti Ram Bagda who attended the first session of the Constituent Assembly on 16 June
Shillong Lajong Football Club lost 2-1 to United Sports Club Kolkata 2-1 in the Hero 2nd Division I-League 2022-23 at Kalyani Stadium, West Bengal.
He fled the scene in Nangbah village at noon the next day where he hit a child and injured her.
Speech was also delivered by Justice Paul Lyngdoh who expressed his gratitude to Aibanlang for being willing to extend his helping hand to the poor families in the village.
From other sources, it was learned that the university has acquired land by renting a building belonging to Polytechnic Mawlai. Department of Education of the State Government.
“The people of North Garo Hills are grateful to Dr. Mukul Sangma for bringing development projects in the district and especially in Resubelpara,” said Rinaldo.
We are ready to continue our protest and we can continue for months if there is no answer,” said the spokesperson, Laben Ch Marak.
>FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONS TO PROTECT ELECTRIC SAFETY.
Witnesses said that the fire broke out when the children threw dead trees in the yard of the house.
The Lapalang Unit was attended by President Disort Khongthoh Rem, Vice President Firsterwell Ktyngkut, Secretary Khonglaban, Asst Secretary Wallambok Suting, Finance Secretary Shanboklang Khongmawloh, Sport Secretary Philemon Khongji and 10 EC Members.
Langsning are in second place with 18 points while Shillong Lajong C are in third place with 11 points.
These lights will provide light to the villages in West Jaintia Hills.
Nongpoh, June 28: As part of the promotion of agricultural products, traditional clothes and handicrafts from Ri-Bhoi District, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (TRIFED) has announced that The Tribal Artisans Fair, Ri-Bhoi District today was held at the District Library Hall, Nongpoh.
“If it is true that he had an accident and fell into the river or if there is something behind this incident, the police are investigating,” said Bah Vivek.
He said that through this programme, the aim is to teach the youth how to protect tourists in case of injury and other means of assistance. Foreigners should visit these places, because if they are people who don't know how to speak and tell foreigners, it will cause unpleasantness.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12 : Meghalaya has won a gold medal for the first time in the 2nd North East Olympic Games through Willbornson Wahlang who won first place in the MTB Downhill Hardtail Cycling event held at Forest on Saturday.
They are the children or wives or brothers of relatives who have already been involved in politics.
Shillong, Lber 1: U Ehbok Khongsngi, 28, has been hit by a car while walking along the road near Pynursla Market on 29th June. at 5:49 pm.
The union includes drivers or owners of local taxis, tourists, city buses and other passenger vehicles.
He said that it took about a year and a half to complete the book and he is happy if anyone wants to translate it into other languages ​​especially English.
If the water level reaches 3,220 feet, MeECL usually releases the water.
he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him;
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The District Transport Officer (DTO) in collaboration with the East Khasi Hills Administration and the Police Department on Tuesday celebrated the National Road Safety Month 2024 in Shillong. .
Thus, among the discussions, stories were told together.
“Many of us, when we have passed our degrees, Masters, we only know how to read, but we know how to write. I am a 12-year-old writer and I believe that our country will produce writers who should not only appear in the state, but in the world as a whole"
Shillong, Naitung 05 : The High Court of Meghalaya on Tuesday directed the State Government to submit a comprehensive report on the measures taken to count the electricity shortage in the State.
“He said that there are more than 1000 BJP workers who have worked hard and need to be recognized and therefore, only the party has the power to decide who needs to be allocated.
“Narendra Modi wants to become an MRD, anyone who is a human being by selling at all cannot provide services to the people.
The four organizations demanded that it should be placed on all borders including the border with Eastern West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills, East Garo Hills and also on the border with Assam.
It remains the same way of thinking even though the present era demands that we should take some decisions especially those related to income in the state.
Samla Reuben said that it is also a mistake for the VHP to hold the 'Ram Navami' on Sunday 2nd June because in fact it is on 30th October. The entire country of India celebrates Ram Navami and said that perhaps the celebration on Sunday is to encourage Christians.
Washington Shylla, Adviser SRJ-Mynso gave the keynote address while other dignitaries who gave speeches were Moonlight Ktung, President SKN-1 Dolloi, Chanlok Dkhar, Vice-Chairman NTC-Seinraij, Nitajen Manner, Vice-President Seinraij Shangpung.
Shillong: U Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne today met with the Minister in charge of Lands, Kyrmen Shylla on land issues.
In a statement, the General Secretary of the Union, Bah RL Blah, said that the JAC urges the people to attend the Dorbar Bah scheduled to be held on the 30th June 2015 at 11 am. at the Polo Ground to be successful.
After inquiry, it was learned that the driver of the vehicle was under the influence of alcohol and instead of applying the brake to slow down the vehicle, he applied the accelerator.
I also believe that this is a plant that we should plant more, especially to fertilize the soybean fields because it is a plant that contains protein and a lot of nitrogen.
He said that his visit today is to express his condolences to all the five shopkeepers who have been affected by the fire. to help and to be a small support for these 5 people to resume running their business through the shops.
Meghalaya scored 183 runs in the first innings and 43 runs in the second innings to lead Bihar to win by 178 runs.
The meeting invites those who wish to register from tomorrow until 27th June
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, said that four cases have been confirmed from Charaideo, one from Sivasagar and one from Nagaon district.
Shillong, Lber 1 : Within hours, minutes and seconds of the counting of votes, the candidates have been shocked and excited. The Election Department has completed the preparations for the counting of votes.
“The Cardinal should be removed immediately, because he has cases on 14 different incidents and the Cardinal should not continue to conduct various meetings and the Pope's man should conduct them. Father Jose Vailikdath, Joint Convenor of the Steering Committee.
The new Director General of Police (DGP) Meghalaya, Kong Idashisha Nongrang, today said that she will meet with the public every Friday from 11 am to 2 pm at the DGP office in Shillong.
Shillong, July 30: The state government has confirmed Rajiv Mehta as the Director General of Police (DGP) Meghalaya and he will take over from next month.
There will also be District Talent Committees to elect the leaders of each district for the state costume competition, in which the people of the state will take part in selecting the winners. They will be recognized as Aspire Meghalaya Stars.
“This has resulted in a non-revenue collection of T.23.75 crore and has destroyed the plan regarding the installation of Weighbridges to control and prevent overloading of trucks. kit," the Report said.
The Environment Coordination Committee (ECC) together with the Waheh Shnongs/Secretaries and the people of Sutnga Elaka should stand firmly on the basis that the people and the community should not be deceived by the coke owners and in the relevant authorities.
The reason for this is that he shot the taxi driver when he was not allowed to carry a disabled person.
According to the signs, it was established to facilitate the trade between the Khasi people and initially it was a basa market and not a mala market as it appears now. The Syiem of Mylliem Hima, who has his office at Mawkhar opposite the market, has his own police station at the top of the market.
At the end of the 1,000 years he will be released (Revelation 20:2-3).
He also sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, urging him to take action to ensure that the state does not lose this agricultural university.
On the other hand, the officer or Naib Tehsildar, Sidharth Singhal, denied the allegation of Bhupendra Singh, but alleged that the man was acting drama to make himself famous.
In this regard, the JAC congratulates the state government for taking the decision at the meeting not to allow the mining of uranium in the state unless they have received the approval of the state government. the public.
“The government cannot delay in implementing measures to curb the entry of foreigners into the state,” he said.
From the plants come the flowers and from the seeds come the seeds and from the seeds come the eternal life so that all the living things that are hungry and thirsty will have plenty of food and drink. I'm going to May Ramew.
He was speaking at the Golden Jubilee of the 1st Battalion Meghalaya Police since it was transferred from the 7th Assam Police Battalion in 1972 at Mawiong.
It is not right for them to take advantage of politics at such a time, but the question we should ask them is where is your knowledge?
Shillong, March 22: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Seng Kmie on Tuesday confirmed the new members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sohiong Circle for the term 2022-2
The eight People's Colleges are Ampati Degree College (T.5854662), Shangpung College (T.4861503), Jaintia Eastern College (T.6611058), Tirot Sing College (T.7425143), Nongstoiñ College (T.9759882). ), Nongtalang College (T.9299447), Ri Bhoi College (T.7899892) and Tura Christian College (T.
“We have not discussed that (MP candidates for Tura) with our president.
During this training, training was given on two topics of simple book keeping and how to keep cash books by HH Mohrmen and BS Shylla.
The question is where did the 30 days and 45 days come from according to Daniel 12:11;  Daniel 12:12? So we understand that this number comes from the Second Three Years which the Bible says is 42 months or 1260 days.
The meeting was also attended by Eric Dkhar BDO Umling C&RD Block, Dr TS Momin DMHO Ri-Bhoi, Dr D Blah Additional DMHO, PP Yadav BMC Umling Block, Bah H Langi Rangbah Mawlong and other village leaders of Mawlong Nongtluh.
The scheme will provide monthly payments of T.5 per head to 99,552 persons in the state, including 53,573 pensioners, 30,284 widows and 11,695 disabled persons. met in the entire state.
In the 2nd Division, Mawrohroh SC beat Thaiñthynroh SC 1-0 with a goal from Regelbertson Wanniang in the 48th minute.
Speaking after the meeting, the spokesperson of the group, M.Ibumgochoudibi from Manipur said that the meeting was very successful and he is deeply concerned about the infiltration of foreigners into the states of the region. east which has alienated the natives.
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnong of Nongsning, Bah Dipsing Bareh, said that the Nongsning Dorbar Shnong has already lodged complaints since 2022 with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills and others. The authorities in charge of this factory have said that a license should not be issued to set up this factory because it has damaged the air and now it has damaged even the water well of these two villages.
He said that the state has lagged behind in roads, railways, airports and other infrastructure, which are the development of the region and the State Government has been the stumbling block in bringing about these. projects.
They are also happy because their parents buy them new clothes and shoes.
There shall be freedom between two people in marriage and there shall be no need to force or discriminate against each other.
I don't know what you want...the world has already known from the beginning,,,,...you are against the ILP and support the railway.
One of the losses of human heritage is when we look too much at the mistakes or shortcomings of others.
“On the other hand, Deborah Marak, Working President of the MPCC, has told me that she is ready to invite Dr. Mukul Sangma back to the Congress.
However, this statement is unacceptable, because if the villagers are smart and hardworking, they have many opportunities to work and earn money in many fields.
As a candidate from the HSPDP, he said that if he reaches the goal of victory in this election, his first task is to serve the people of the area and also to provide for the people of the area. many shortcomings in terms of education, agriculture, income, employment, roads to meet the aspirations of the people.
The indefinite strike which will start on the 13th of this month will continue.
The residents of Bapli have complained that Bah Ardent has not been able to pay T.2 lakh shibnai.
The candidates include Nujorki Sungoh of the UDP, Nehemaya Tyngkan INC, Habahun Dkhar of the NPP, Corentis Rabon of the BJP and Lasting Suchiang of the TMC. There are 1,61,912 voters in the four constituencies.
Shillong, March 11: The Ri Bhoi Water Sports and Tourism Cooperative Society Ltd in collaboration with the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the Government of Meghalaya will soon hold the The International Meghalaya Kayak Festival was held in Umtham Village, Ri Bhoi District.
The injured have flocked to Marrakech and have come from other places for treatment.
In the fourth match at 12:30 pm, Umpling SC beat PFR FA by six goals. The six goals were scored by Mewan Ryntathiang (6mins & 13 min), then Mewanlang Laloo (35min, 40min & 43min), then Kitboklang L Marshillong in 45min.
Suggesting the need to set up more Sub Health Centres, Dr Roy said the government needs to strengthen the Shillong Civil Hospital by providing all the necessary facilities so that the poor people don't need to. go send examination outside.
To showcase the beautiful handicrafts made in the North East, a theme known as 'Focus North East' was set up in collaboration with the North Eastern Handicrafts & Handloom Development Corporation (NEHHDC).
However, these days, since the BJP came to power, these principles of freedom and equality have been violated, which has now put the minorities at risk.
Earlier, she also visited the ICTC, ART, CST and Suraksha Clinic at Civil Hospital, Shillong and also the Regional Blood Bank at Pasteur Institute, Shillong. the ability of the government to meet the needs despite the shortage.
We confirm that this letter is still a draft and has not been sent to the Union Minister,” she said. the feelings of the people of the Church.
Banerjee said the students have decided not to recognize the Dean and Provost if the relevant authorities cannot listen to their demand.
He said the Government of India has agreed to provide assistance and many projects for the development of Assam.
The meeting was conducted by the President of the Kur, Bah R.Prowell Marweiñ and the Secretary of the Kur, Bah T.Roy Marweiñ. A 10 minute silence was held in memory of the elders, elders and relatives who passed away in the year 2022-2
And this world teaches, “Be blessed to be rich and you will accumulate more and more wealth”.
The SP said that yesterday, Philiport and seven GNLA members were seen by the residents of the area while walking in a forest at Matchakol village near Damascus.
¢Do not throw stones within 300 meters of the boundary of the electricity distribution or generation station or electricity installation station without permission from MeECL or the owners in charge of electricity.
On the other hand, the Sordar Shnong Mawroh said that we have to wait for a while because according to the information received from the OC Nongstoin that the child has been found and if the abducted child has not arrived On our part, we will sit down again and think again and take another decision.
Jowai, July 29: The Jaintia Coal Miners and Dealers Association (JCCA) has congratulated the state government through the Director of Mineral Resources (JCMDA) for accepting the request of the JCMDA and the order to allow it now. coal trucks with 10 and 12 tires to carry 19 tonnes of coal.
Jowai, Naitung 21: The Lyngdoh Talang Sengkur, Buam, Nongtdu, Nialang and the children of Chyrkiang Talang Basiah, have held their 6th General Assembly on the 20th of this month. HK.Singh Memorial Secondary School, Jowai.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the Seng Khasi Lawbah, Bah Kerilan Wahlang said that the greatest legacy that the Hynnietrep people have received from their ancestors is “religion, customs and larity.
Sarlangki Dkhar, a relative of Bah Chaini, who came with Bah Cheini's wife, said that the family has faced many problems since their father was admitted to the hospital. for there is no worker in the house.
In this regard, the UNCFNEI calls upon all believers to pray for peace, understanding and unity on such days, said a statement from Allen Brooks. Shillong: The Election Committee of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has appointed the CEC of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) to conduct the XV (15th) elections to the office of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU). The election for the term 2023-2026 will be held on the 06th June, 2023 from 8 am to 3 pm at Dinam Hall, Jaiaw, Shillong.
On the other hand, the Secretary of the 6 Shnong Wah Lukha Association, Bah Daiapherbha Lamare, said that the people who live near the Wah Lukha Association are poor and rich. He said that even if the JHADC sells or does not auction the river, it will not affect the budget of the JHADC. It will be auctioned at T.1,50,000 per annum but if this river is given to 6 villages how much it will be a blessing to the people who live near this river Lukha.
“This is a request and request from the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs (urban and rural) to the people of Hynniewtrep who will come to take part in the Dorbar Bah of Hynniewtrep. on the 30th June, 2015 at the Polo Ground at 11 pm, to ensure that the people can come out in an orderly manner even after the opening of the dorbar.
These two goals were scored until the end of the game.
He adds, “When you love your neighbours, you should not expect gain or praise”.
“If the government feels that this project will not affect the people of this area, it should invite the people of that area together with the leaders to discuss this issue and the government should not look at one side, “If we look at this, the EIA will have a serious impact and the government will have to look into this and explain to the people,” she said.
In the Skit Competition, St. Xavier's College Umoid won the first prize, Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat won the second and third prizes. St. Xavier's College, Umoid came first, Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat came second and third. St. Xavier's College, Umoid came second and Modern Academy Secondary School, Rangmaw came second and Presbyterian Higher Secondary School Mawlangwir came third.
Hamletson Dohling, who resigned as MLA on July 5, said that his joining the National People's Party (NPP) was with the approval of the leaders and members of the Core Committee and It is not as if you have been offered up to T.5 crore.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong Mookyrdup demands that the JMB should immediately stop this plan.
As the result booklets have been removed since 2014, MBoSE has informed that the booklet can be obtained from the MBoSE website www.mbose.
They said that up to 90 percent of the teachers had been declared as failed but after the strike another resolution was issued on 4th November and they were wrong again. they didn't move.
All schools, colleges and universities have been ordered to close on the 28th of this month to take precautionary measures.
If Kong Nongrang can eradicate this evil behavior of the police, it will be a great victory.
Mawryngkneng, 5 lyngkot: According to a complaint received from the parents and at home of a 17-year-old girl who did not want to be named, she was raped on the night of the 1st, at 9 pm. :00pm in Mawryng-kneng, 6 persons were arrested; They are Sanlang Kharlukhi, Rimon Surong, Request Mukhim, Shan Dkhar, Sanbhalang Mawthoh and Banlumlang Rynjah.
Khliehriat, Nailur 25: The 1st Division Football Tournament of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) was held on Tuesday at Deinchynrum Stadium, Khliehriat.
But, she has now revealed that there is no such thing right now.
Nathaniel Pyngrope scored 2/17 and Jonathan Mawa scored 2/2
He confessed that he too had experienced the same problems and it was not until he found the cross on Calvary that those problems and burdens were removed.
The driver of the vehicle involving Agnes speaking at the condolence meeting held on Saturday: Rupang.
The 5 km PMGSY road from Nongjri to Mawsmai has also not been completed.
The reply of the Prime Minister shows that he does not want to discuss this issue because he still wants to convince Kong Warjri to reconsider her decision.
It is also necessary for the leaders of the nation to have wisdom and courage. If you are wise without knowledge, you will reach glory and if you are wise without courage, your dreams cannot be achieved.
:After the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has withdrawn the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security (Amendment) Bill 2020, leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today met with the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security (MHA) Amendment Bill The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, has asked for clarification on the return of the Bill.
Jowai, Nailur 27: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju, BJP MP from Arunachal Pradesh, will witness the Durga Puja celebrations of the Pnar people of Nartiang village today. Saturday 30th at Durga Temple in Nartiang.
“After meeting with the CEM of KHADC today, we understand that sub-section 8 but what we are against is the removal of sub-section 16 which talks about the invasion of villages. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Thangkhiew while talking to reporters in Shillong.
A parrot with a camera and microchip has been seized from a fishing boat in the northern parts of Paradip in Jagatsinghpur district. of Odisha on Tuesday.
There are also reasons which they don't want to reveal publicly but they said they will listen.
The Minister said that there are about 9 demands for Civil Sub-Division in the state and among these 9 demands, Patharkhmah is the first and deserves to receive it which is good news for the people. .
Although the Khasi District Council, which currently has 29 MLAs, has prepared chess, the Jaintia and Garo District Councils have not yet prepared anything.
The Government took this decision after an All Party Meeting chaired by Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma at the Secretariat.
Phrim announced this at an Aadhaar explanation meeting held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar-Shillong today.
Shillong, July 29: The opposition in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will strongly condemn the proposal to remove the Chairman of the Ruling Party, Kong Teilinia Thangkhiew without any reason, in the last session of the Budget Session tomorrow.
In the Tug of War, the winners were the BA 1st Semester for women and the Class XI&XII Arts Combined for men.
He said the NPP does not need to cooperate with other parties but will form its own government if it wins 33-34 seats this time.
A total of seven members of Aditya Rana's gang have been arrested in jail, while 48 members of the gang have been identified.
He said that there are areas which have disappeared from Meghalaya such as Labang Nong Phyllut Elaka which until 2000 was still with the state, but now this area has disappeared and today it has been received. to discuss and find a way to bring back this area to the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 24 : Shillong Lajong FC have once again returned to the 1st Division of the Indian League after a spectacular home match against Benguluru United FC on 21.05.2023 at the SSA Ground Shillong. Everbrightson Sana Mylliempdah scored the second goal in the first half and Figo Syndai in the second half.
The high-altitude village of Tefeghaghte, about 60 kilometers from Marrakesh, was destroyed and flooded by the earthquake. people's houses that are still standing.
Hooid you have done well in all aspects, but the Bai class is also paid now? Especially now in college I'm alone I feel it's useful to have online classes because I don't learn anything and I feel the lectures are the most for me.
For this reason, about 150 people instead of 600 people have fled the village and 125 people have stayed at Christ King Church School in Malangkona, while others have taken refuge in their homes. relatives in Sildubi to escape arrest by Assam police.
Police arrested him while he was trying to extort money from a Rajasthan Hotel, but he escaped after being searched by police. to arrest him from the house of his wife in Thadmuthlong.
“We need to understand that the ILP is a law to prevent illegal immigrants from entering the country.
Mowkaiaw MLA Nujorki Sungoh said that roads will be constructed soon in the border villages with Assam from Khatkasla, Psiar to Moojem.
In the past, the rivers and forests were never owned by anyone because they were community resources owned by the people.
In Nigeria, Pauline Tallen, Minister of Women's Welfare, has called on government authorities to take strong action to curb the spread of violence against women in recent days. implementation of curfew in the country.
Instead of buses, private vehicles appeared.
The song also commemorates the life of a member of Summersalt who passed away in
“Mr. Myntri Rangbah, when you say that the proposal of the District Councils to hear and try cases among tribals in the Tribal areas shall not be in any way be diluted or disturbed" although it should ensure that there will be no problems in the future, why does the State Government refuse to do so when it resolves any problems? later on.
Shillong: The President of FASToM, Bah Kenneth Shadap, today said that the Secretary to the Education Department, Ambrose Ch.
At the celebration to be held across the state this month, the Minister said that pregnant women will also be taught to take care of themselves so that they can give birth to their children safely.
Former Congress President Rahul Gandhi has expressed his condolences over the loss of lives caused by the cyclone.
They used to work in the Shallang area of ​​West Khasi Hills.
EGH scored 184/0 in 30.1 overs.
Eugene said that according to the documents, the Tyrsad PHC which the people have been waiting for for years has been successful until the former Mawphlang MLA himself fought to drive it to Delhi. The administrative approval in 2021, only nine days before his death, and not only that but also the road from Mawphlang to Mawsynram, was the issue that his father spoke first because he believed that He said that the road is the next step in the development of the road and he did this by inviting the two MLAs, the MLA from Mawsynram and Ranikor constituencies to sign the proposal.
Then there is the Umit River with a beautiful and long Patharsynke Valley and if there is a road, many people want to go to this Valley.
But don't be afraid, don't be afraid because you have the right to vote and this is enshrined in the Constitution.
The three villages include Nongnah, Ngunraw and Rangthong.
They also explained that the residents have to understand because until now the village authority has been facing difficulties due to the lack of adequate garbage dump and the garbage from the market has been thrown away. to play at Madan Kurkalang where the youth are interested in sports.
Heart disease is the cause of pain in the chest and shoulders.
“The MGMP, besides providing the youth with the opportunity, will also help them to receive training and knowledge to read and write music so that they can perform in international competitions. " don't say.
The house, which was built by these youth organizations, has cost about T.3 lakh and out of this, T.1.30 lakh has been allocated under the PMAY-G scheme. With the help of the Seng Samla Mawlasnai, together with the elders, they were able to build a house for these children.
Mawlai Village Authority including Mawlai Umthlong, Nongkwar, Umjapung, Mawong Rim together with MDC Mawlai Constituency Bah Teiborlang Pathaw visited the site at Lummawnei for the construction of the Water supply system to distribute drinking water through the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) scheme.
He also urged the youth to come forward and work for the party so that the preparations for the MLA elections in 2023 will be complete.
At 7:00 am we left the Langdoh's house to perform the Knia inside the Duwan Knia in the sacred forest of Seiñraij Mukhla,” said Standbyme Sari, Waheh San Kur of the Kur Sari.
Lasker was arrested on Saturday in East Jaintia Hills District.
“If the work requires the closure of schools, you can take any decision on your part,” said the DSEL. Jagdish Chelani has announced that all Primary, Middle, Secondary and Higher Secondary Schools will be closed from 8:00 am to 3:00 pm across the district from the 19th. until the 21st of this month.
At the same time, all the Waheh Shnongs of the two districts were urged to fight against these problems by issuing prohibitions in their villages which prohibit more than four vehicles and one of the candidate to enter the neighborhoods or villages.
As a leader, it is my duty to look after the problems of the youth in my constituency; and when I heard their complaint I had to investigate to see if there is any shortcoming in the Roster System, and what I found I want to tell you here –The OM of 10th June 2022, which states The rules for the implementation of the Roster System are adequate in form, but not adequate compared to the Reservation Policy enacted by the OM of 12th July
Your election by sacred ballot shano will lead to the customs and traditions of the people.
Speaking on the occasion, Paiem Ken Syiem said that this is a special event in Raid Marwet with the celebration of dance, song and dance after God has blessed them all this year. also to preserve the customs and traditions of the indigenous culture so that they should not be lost but should be preserved from generation to generation.
He said that unidentified persons used air guns to shoot in parts of the NH 37 in Ngungba.
Myrsiang SC will play against Moolamylliang SC at 12.15 pm.
On the statement by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah that the VPP leaders are misleading and politicizing the issue of Mawlong Market, the MLA said, “I would like to remind that the VPP will never mislead the The birth of the VPP is not only for political reasons but also for practical reasons.
“The State Government should appoint an independent inquiry.
The VPP MLAs in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly have left the House immediately after the Hindi speech of the Governor, shouting slogans of condolences to the Governor, Phagu Chauhan. down down Governor'.
The teachings of the Pakulong Meikulong which they have left as footprints in the shyiap of time when they say 'The right uplifts the nation', or Earn the right or hold your Juban' and others do not exist. It is worth more because the actions and words that we are experiencing these days have shown that all the teachings even if they have been like palongs that cannot be broken in the light of the rongphong in us Khasi baiar.
It was also shown that child stunting has decreased from 38.4% to 35.5%, and underweight has decreased from 35.8% to 32.1%.
On the other hand, the village did not think that Regina had lodged a complaint with the Police Outpost Patharkhmah because it was a minor matter that could be resolved in the village. I am very sorry that as of now, she is still receiving personal benefits from the government such as 100 days bill, ration, PMAY-G poor house is still being implemented on the foundation that has not been built by her former husband.
At present, many residents have started to reduce their food and drink and can no longer afford it because they have been without income for months.
Edius Thongni, Former Sordar of Seiñduli-I, together with his wife, Listiphul Ïawphniaw, said these words.
Manchester Pathaw, on the other hand, scored 3/15 in 4 overs.
The theft was discovered when the two men went to enter the interview with their bodies at the Police Training School today and when they touched the biometric machine, it was found that Their fingerprints did not match those of those who ran to Mawiong and thus they were rejected and this led the police to understand that these two men were involved in the theft, at the time of They ran at Mawiong, where they ran another person, because in Mawiong too, they had already cut the rynieng, they had shondur and they had already sent the shympriah kti to the machine. biometric.
They include Francis RR Songthiang (3rd Dan), Kitbok Dkhar (2nd Dan), Espiranza Songthiang (2nd Dan), Shadwinson Kharmawphlang (1st Dan), Hamyllienki Dkhar (1st Dan) and two others. after that the High Priest.
“Even the various Seng Bhalangs have expressed their strong sense of responsibility because we are all saddened by this tragic incident. you sign.
Air India will resume flights from Umroi to Kolkata from 10th November.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) North East Region has demanded that the government should hand over the inquiry to the CBI into the murder of Victoria D Kharkongor at the Police Station. Dispur, Assam.
“These investigations are ongoing after being directed by the Government in which we have assigned IITGuwahati to submit to us a report confirming that the condition of the dam and the bridge are safe," he said.
“But if you talk about that, you will see that Prestone and Conrad are misleading and lying.
Shillong: Many political leaders from the state will leave for Mizoram in the coming days, including U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister, who will leave for the elections on 20th November where he shall be three days in the State.
Soon after the accident,all the three were taken to the Shillong Civil hospital.
Don't make politics the work of God.
If the incumbent MDC and MLA cannot do anything within the next four years, the people of this area cannot wait, they will have to replace them.
“On this basis, on my part, I would like to send through the media because of this speech of his, many of the residents of the state especially the residents of Ri Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum have seen. This is the video of this man,” said Bah Dkhar.
It also destroys the weeds that can absorb the nutrients of the rice from the soil.
The issues discussed included the installation of CCTV cameras in the grounds of hotels, the recording of visitors with ID proof, the provision of information on the presence of persons or equipment, prevention measures and how to report fraud through the internet and others.
It is shocking how these drug dealers are trying to deceive the young school children.
Rolin Star DDM said that the most important thing is health and hygiene.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat West Bengal 4-3 in the Santosh Trophy match at the Kottappadi Football Stadium in Kerala today.
The Prime Minister was accompanied by the Chief Ministers of the states including the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
The practical fees for the paper last year were 150/- tyngka but this year the fee has been increased to 200/- tyngka.
In October this year, sources said that Sheikh Jassim had already sent his second offer to buy the club for $1 pounds.
There are two VVPATs in Mawphlang constituency, one in Mawryngkneng constituency and three in Rajabala constituency.
Speaking to Wei, Olympic Silver and Commonwealth Games Gold Medalist Robert Kabbas, teacher and teacher, said: “The conduct of the 5th Meghalaya Games is perfect.
Shillong, Nailar 8: “If the Khasi language gets the right to be included in the 8th Schedule, everything will be a joke,” said the Principal of St. Edmund's College. Khasi National Dorbar Hall today.
They urged the people to think especially about the allegation by the new Voice of the People Party (VPP) against the ethnic parties.
From India, three teams have been selected from India and will play against other world players, but it is understood that these Indian players will not be able to travel to Germany. , because they have not received a visa until recently.
Under the new MoU, the salary of cricketers in the Big Bash League (BBL) has now been increased by AU$1 million; Their salary will increase from AUD$2 million to AUD$3 million and for players who will be on Central Contract, their salary will also be increased to 7.5% and the The strengthening of each team has now been increased to 24 players in each team.
Yohaan Benjamin scored the first goal to lead the school to the final of the Subroto Mukherjee Cup
We hope that the Ganol Hydro Electric Project will be completed and handed over this year to coincide with the celebration of the Golden Jubilee of the state.
The reason why the DC Ri Bhoi has urged all those who attended the interview to undergo Home Quarantine, is because one of those who attended the interview has You have been diagnosed with COVID-1
Inspector MN Khan, Officer In-charge, Laitumkhrah Police Station, informed the owners of the hotels about the rules and regulations. Explain to them how to manage it so that it will be safe and free from crime.
Also present on the occasion were Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem, Umsning MLA DrC Lyngdoh, Nongpoh MDC Balajied Rani, Joint Secretary to the State Government and Member Secretary to the BRDC, Gunanka DB and others. Speaking on the occasion, the Minister expressed her satisfaction to see that the health center has been established at this place to start providing services to the people for the purpose of treatment and cure. to various diseases.
The Commissioner Secretary to the Governor of Meghalaya, Dr BDR Tiwari inaugurated the program and urged the students and participants to accept the faith in 'One World, One Family, One Future' which is the theme of the G20 under the Presidency of India.
“Even if I am alone, I don't have any support but I have been able to raise issues in the Legislative Assembly.
The NSA beat Khliehiongriang 2-1 in the 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy of the WJDSA on Saturday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
“You, little devil, are still young, Compete with me weak.
On this occasion, more than 80 students, including those who have passed, from the Bachelor of Computer Applications (BCA) Department of the college have reaped the fruits of victory from this programme.
Prof Ceclile Mawlong was the chief guest at the ceremony in the presence of Dr. CAR Diengdoh, Director College Development Council NEHU, Tbn BK Laitflang. Principal of Nongstoin College, Dr. I. Mawthoh, Principal of Nongstoin College, Rev. BK Shangpliang, Rev. PR Marthong, teachers and students and others.
Unemployment is a serious problem today, but it cannot be discussed on its own because it is linked to governance and income.
On the other hand, the DC also stressed the need to conduct public awareness campaigns on various schemes by the District Commerce and Industries Center (DCIC) so that the people can take advantage of these schemes.
Speaking to media after meeting with the CoMSO leaders, Lahkmen said that no one can take the law into their own hands.
At the time of writing, protesters had gathered at Ganesh Udyan in front of the Ganesh temple in Ganeshguri.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Leimow has distributed food items to three villages including Mowkaiaw, Mowtyrshiah and Mukhap.
The NPP's plan to bring a no-confidence motion against Speaker AT Mondal had to be postponed after the opposition MLAs did not want and did not support it due to the short time.
Shillong, Naitung 30 : The United Democratic Party (UDP) is ready to call for an immediate talk with former Mawlai MLA Bah Embhah Syiemlieh after he announced to leave the party along with hundreds of his supporters. .
Once again, don't forget this while you are still putting your hope and prayer in God.
This year, the government has also received T.50 crore including T.25 crore for Tura and T.25 crore for Sohra from DoNER and has implemented the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana. The Saubhagya scheme is ongoing to select households in the state.
Paul said that people are busy and travel a lot during the rainy season and therefore they should wear masks when they go to festivals and should also stay away from each other. .
At present, there are about 900 seats for children in the buses provided by STEMS. The Chief Executive Officer of STEMS, Kong Isawanda Laloo, IAS, said that there are 30 seats for children in the buses. buses purchased and equipped with GPS, CCTV, tracking system, Mobile App to check seats and payment and others.
The union also expressed its surprise that the budget for the construction of the C&RD Block Office in Lumshnong has not been announced, because during the time of the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangba He also announced a budget of T3 crore for the construction of the C&RD Block office in Wapung, but in Narpuh no budget has been announced. “Government, don't play with the people and don't let the opening of the C&RD Block Office be just a shynrong or rongphong. “Regarding the Block Office, KSU Narpuh Circle wants the government to Conrad Sangma said that the office should be completed and the works should be constructed and not just announce the budget like the Wapung C&RD Block. He also announced an allocation of T 3 crore for the construction of the C&RD Block Office at Wapung. Wapung.
He said that CCORMAU has already met with the CMD of MeECL and also with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the state who is in charge of the electricity department to convey their demands. They have promised to implement but due to the lack of implementation so far and the slow implementation of what they have promised, they have come forward to remind them of what they have decided in the talks with the government officials.
Following the incident, the State Government has prepared a special plane to transport people from Manipur after the protests in the past few days.
Shillong: The Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan (NYKS), Meghalaya has organized a program under the “Clean India Program” at Don Bosco Museum, Shillong.
And if that happens, who else will take responsibility?
He said that the file may have been lost during the relocation of the office from Nokrek Building, Lower Lachumiere, Shillong to the Health Complex at Red Hills Road, Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
As an encouragement to the athletes of the area, he said that in the coming year 2019, the MLA has promised to try to hold a bigger tournament in Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency.
Out of the T.18,037 billion circulation till October 2018, T.2,000 notes circulated 37.3 per cent, down from 50.2 per cent in the previous year. of October 2017, while the T.500/T.1000 notes, which were abolished in November 2016, have a circulation of 86 per cent.
Speaking on the CAA, which is being prepared for implementation, Saleng said the Act will come into force in Shillong and Tura.
Khliehriat, Nailur 16: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) East Jaintia Hills District today held a special program at St. Anthony's College Byndihati to raise awareness on the dangers of drugs. The 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya and the 50th Anniversary of the party.
But it leads to the destruction and destruction of the nation.
Any ethnic groups recognized as indigenous peoples must be descended from their ancestors who settled in any area during or before the invasion and persecution. rule in other jurisdictions or have settled in those countries or regions before the establishment of the boundaries of the countries or states according to the present day.
In the second verse of the song, he reminds us with these words, 'When we seek wisdom to get food or good'; It is not appropriate to make the statement – ​​'that I don't have age' – according to my understanding, this means that time and age should not increase the ability to become jaituh – alhia ia we don't want to fulfill our duty in our human life – I don't want to be hurt – 'Minot, ym bit dukha'
The Bible does not say that there were three wise men, but it does say that there were three because there were three kinds of gifts.
The New York Times reported that the bomb found in the Clintons' home was similar to one found in the home of George Soros, one of the richest men in the United States.
Therefore, she called upon us to work together and vigilantly to eradicate this alcoholic beverage in the hope that the strength is in us to bring about change by fighting against this drug. and there is no cure for the sinew.
At the same time, this project also helps in the marketing of agricultural products as well as the production of food items from the crops produced by the farmers.
Up to 6 cows were used in this sacrifice and the sacrifice was performed in all four directions - east, west, north and south.
Sindhu's performance in the tournament was once again the first time that she has lost 21-18 21-16 in the first leg of the tournament. Tai Tzu Ying is the best player from Chinese Taipei.
Therefore, any changes that have to be made will always have challenges and therefore, we don't expect everything to happen at once because we understand that it is not an easy task and that there will always be challenges. ," he said.
In a statement, the KSU said that from now on, the members of the KSU will continue to conduct surprise inspections to all the Kudam khaw, in order to root out these evil people and put the Jaidbynriew in trouble. joy over food.
The TUR Leader urged the Chairperson of the Lokayukta to give the floor so that they can visit and collect the documents from his office.
The 27 ZPM MLAs met on Tuesday night to elect Lalduhoma as the Leader of the MLAs in the Legislative Assembly. Prime Minister.
At the same time, the union has said that it will not meet with the VC until the VC has implemented the demands that the union has put before him from time to time.
So far, 641 people have been confirmed with the virus.
It was also seen that the HITO has promised that its protest will be to unite with the people of Mukroh and not to create trouble. “The public will suffer and also the school children especially at this time when the children are in the middle of the examination,” said one of the speakers.
Conrad said that in order to curb the spread of false news or cyber crime in the State, the Police Department has set up a Cyber ​​Crime Wing under the Criminal Investigation Department.
This rule applies to winestores, bars and discos.
He told about the progress made in integrating environmental and governance issues.
Nongstoiñ, November 09: As part of the implementation of the Early Child Development and Rescue Mission of the Government of Meghalaya, the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District on 9th November program at Don Bosco Hall Banglapluh Mawshynrut, to raise awareness among the public on the importance of child health from birth, as well as to prevent the death and suffering of poor mothers during childbirth.
The incident happened at Wah Umphum, only 15 kilometers from Saipung, where the 14 persons were working to build a bridge.
The curfew will include a ban on the transportation of food, fuel, electricity and water supply.
The fire started from the fourth floor of Yongju Company.
Tangkasiar fled with Tongsoh.
The DC also suggested to the members of the Seng to meet the Director of Tourism Department as it is the Nodal Office to look after the allocation of funds for the purchase of land for the construction of the Khyrdop.
Yes – KiwaAh! Kur – they are born to grow – to be good, (2) Remove the mistakesIn prayer we stand nowTo be saved from the Sapra.
This is because the government's health services are not adequate especially in rural areas except in urban areas.
The enrollment of women has increased to 10,92,326 lakh more than that of men.
The village authorities have also banned the sale of all kinds of meat in the village, except pylleng.
This shows the commitment of the Government of India to recognize the differences in geographical and regional conditions within India.
The old Congress has lost its power because of the division.
The Magistrate of Sohra Civil Sub-Division and the Police of Sohra Police Station under the leadership of the SDPO of Sohra Sub-Division were also present. of the Sordar of Bah Sylloklang Mamaj, when they saw that Kanol Mamaj and his group had entered the square by destroying the fence, they entered the square immediately to stop the act of u. He said that it was due to the timely arrival of the police and the magistrate, that they were able to arrest both the sides. The magistrate summoned the leaders of both the groups. The Sordar of the raid and after discussions, the ceremony was suspended by the agreement and peace of both sides.
Let these events open the eyes of the blind rulers and make the deaf hear.
Such illegal entry into other villages, especially by people from other states, who have illegal intentions, is against the Trespass Act, which the government authorities have violated. you must complain to kies.
“I don't think it's a crime against the court, if there are such cases, there will be no judgment.
The rainfall from 8.30 am to 8.30 pm today was 332.1mm, while today, from 8.30 am to 5.30 pm, the rainfall was 277.8mm.
Shillong, March 26 : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K Sangma, on Tuesday said that he does not know anything about the appointment at the 100 bed hospital in Mawkyrwat. from the Director of Health Services, Meghalaya, after receiving many comments on this issue.
“We have decided to intensify our protest to convince the government to implement the ILP as recommended by the High Level Committee on Influx (HCLI),” said Bah Eldie.
All these things are right,” said Bah Dkhar.
North Lakhimpur College is the first autonomous college in Assam which was established in
When the drivers and followers of the gas truck saw such a wild behavior, the residents of the village, went to protest, because they were afraid that the behavior of the drivers and followers of the gas truck. It will cause injuries to many people in the village.
The petition was sent to the Chief Secretary of the Province of IB & Assam on 24 June
““As the TMC has always mentioned, these Smart Meters from China pose a threat to Meghalaya where Chinese hackers can turn off the electricity, ban the use of electricity. data, to improve the distribution of electricity across the state.
You have to be employers too,” said the Minister and added that the University is now at the forefront of bringing about change.
“If the people of Sohiong elect Bah Samlin, who has been an MLA for the past three years, as soon as he enters the room of the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, he will ask what he wants. “It is for the benefit of the people of this constituency because the keys of the Secretariat have been held by them”.
However, this system of giving birth has destroyed, destroyed the uniqueness of our Khasi, because the Khasi is no longer a unique Khasi, why do I say this, because the Negro, the French, the Dkhar, the Chinese? and other ethnic groups of the world who came to live in Meghalaya say that they are Khasi because they were born to Khasi mothers and they received the race of their mother and they are Khasi while the appearance of the tree. Their bodies do not match those of the Khasi.
Most of the film was shot in Iewduh and farmland in the Smit area.
And he lifted up his hands, and lifted up his eyes to heaven; and expecting people to praise him.
Meanwhile, it was learned that a fire broke out in front of the Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank, a shop selling soh was completely destroyed, while the ATM of the bank escaped the fire thanks to the hard work of the bank. One of the prominent Bollywood filmmakers Madhur Bhandarkar has spoken about those people who have opposed and banned the production and release of Bollywood films by saying that those who oppose are those who have watched. first of all any movies that are being shown on stage.
“From what I see, it is no longer easy for the two states to reconsider the soskular,” said Prestone. The Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) was signed on 29th October.
Who says we don’t want to speak Hindi? In the market, everyone speaks Hindi and says – “Murki on the balcony Boitha.
Members of the MSOA congratulated the Cabinet on the decision to issue a sports policy, but said that they are still waiting for the notification of the policy.
This chaos lasted for about three hours.
Prestone said the Bill to amend the 6th Schedule must first be introduced in Parliament and must be approved by both the Lok Sabha and the National Assembly. The Rajya Sabha and then send it to the President for signature.
The Rangbah Shnong, Bah Moses Syngkli, told the media that the road construction company has not paid even a penny of compensation to the land of the Catholic Church. There is a church, but the landslide to build the highway has reached near the church which is a danger to the future, lest it collapse.
He also urged the students to learn how to use various social media platforms to improve their knowledge so that their future will be bright. There is a time when you don't have time to take advantage of what you see and find on social media.
Schools should not ask students to bring or carry books that are not on the book list.
These were bought from a man named K Lynrah from Sohra and the question is why not from Shillong which is nearer.
He said that he will continue to work hard to strengthen the party for the upcoming elections.
From the beginning, all these are the plans of this government to use force...the murder of Bah Cheristerfield is a violence.
That's not true, but if the government does that, it should investigate and investigate genuine cases.
While other states like Jharkhand have benefited from the availability of mineral resources in their territory, Meghalaya depends on expensive mineral resources but has not been able to benefit at all.
The meeting served as a directive and reminder to all political parties, that they should never violate the rules of the Model Code of Conduct, in order to have a clean and transparent election, without any interference within the district.
About 400 people attended the fair which was organized by a team of doctors from Civil Hospital, Shillong, Ganesh Das Hospital, Shillong and NEIGRIHMS, Shillong.
An inspection was also conducted," she said.
The Minister said that the Government wants to resolve all these issues and has no intention of using force on this issue.
The meeting was attended by school teachers from Mawshynrut, Mawthadraishan Rambrai and others as well as Bah Kenneth Shadap, Chairman of the party.
Shillong: The Voice of the People's Party (VPP) today demanded the immediate transfer of the Superintendent of Police (SP) and Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Jaintia Hills. on the allegation that the district authorities misused their powers during the Public Hearing at Thangskai.
This is indeed a shame, is it the journalists from Assam and those from Assam who are trying to destroy this land of ours? Hasn't the media in this state been able to fight against this? We cannot accept this negligence of the State Government towards the journalists and we strongly condemn this negligence of the State Government towards the journalists from our state,” said Bah Suchiang.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Friday expressed its shock and deep sorrow over the withdrawal of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) from the peace talks with the central and state governments. return to this communication channel.
Lambok is one of the journalists who has received the Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Award-2014 from the Indian Express Group for his ability to fulfill his duty to write truthful news on the ration shortage. and sugar of 20 households in Mawsynram village, East Khasi Hills District.
From the start of the match, the national team was able to play well and show their skills by scoring seven goals in the first half alone.
This happened to three households in Lamin village under Amlarem sub-division.
Foreign Minister Metbah Lyngdoh presents a gift to Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj in the presence of James Sangma and Conrad Sangma: CMO. Five cows from Jaidoh West Khasi Hills District have died in the floods of cows in Jaidoh West Khasi Hills District. of these cows may be due to the disease.
He will leave the forest on Saturday from Tiehbah.
Shillong, November 21 As part of the donation and giving the opportunity to those poor families to celebrate Christmas like others, the Sadar Police Station in collaboration with Batesi TV, has organized a celebrate Christmas by distributing relief goods to poor families.
KJDSTA President Bah Nongsiang said that the KJDSTA has invited the KJDSTA to take part in the meeting. 21 to 24 June.
She also recalled her childhood and said that she used to shoot mawria and pour water when the French were building the Sohra road and she used to work at the horse road construction sites. , and the bill of hair.
Speaking to reporters, KT Rokhaw said that his decision to join the MNF came after he was invited by the party.
Oh, the government of Meghalaya, we don't need to explain everything; From the beginning to the end.
In East Garo Hills, 4 cases, in East Jaintia Hills 9 cases and in Kuliang Cluster 4 cases.
They requested the government to increase the price of petrol if possible to eliminate all the problems in the State as well as in the Districts East and West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, July 21: Umphyrnai SC beat Mawkhar SC 1-0 in the 1st Division Football League 2023-24 on Saturday. Umphyrnai SC won the first half in the 23rd minute.
These days, not only the children who are more vulnerable can touch and use these devices especially mobile phones and computers but even those street children are able to play in cyber cafes. ) and spend time and money playing because it is fun, but this is just a hobby because they cannot learn anything to benefit them except what their children Even the rich people have all the necessities and children these days are learning to use mobile phones, tablets, computers and others.
As the village leaders, we are sorry that the people have come to complain that they have not received ration in Musniang village because until now there is only one ration distributor in Musniang village.
On the same day, an Inter School Drill and March Pass Competition was also held for the schools in Mylliem Lum.
He said that as the talks are still between the government and the HNLC, “we cannot make public these issues,” he said.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 7: The Second Prime Minister, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh in the presence of the Minister in charge of PWD Roads, Bah S Dhar, MDC of Ranikor, Bah M Nongrem, Bah H Lyngdoh, MDC of Mawkyrwat, Bah N Syiemiong Syiem of Maharam, Bah R Lyngdoh Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills Hills District, together with other members of the Government including the Heads of Offices in the District, Village Leaders and people of the area at the ceremony held near the bridge on the 6th July
There are some constituencies where three or four candidates who have prepared themselves to contest the MDC elections are now preparing to apply for tickets from the Congress party.
Thus the Truth will remain the truth even if everyone speaks and rejects it.
On the other hand, Bah Pyndap Saibon said that everyone has expressed their support for the leader that KHNAM has elected and there is no distrust.
“If the Government wants to hold a new trial, the Job Reservation Policy should not affect the 40:40% share given to Khasi Jaintia and Garo,” said the GSU. The Garo Hills has decided to reject the Government's invitation to discuss the Reservation Roster and demanded that the State Government should not change the distribution of the State Reservation Policy.
However, they don't understand and now that the shiah has been introduced, they start to understand and the people should not misunderstand that it is only because the elections are near but on this is life and death. of the youth is the life and death of the state as a whole.
Answering a supplementary question, Bah PN Syiem, CEM said that the agreement that year was between UKJHADC and ASEB, but when we got our own state, it became MESEB and now it has been changed to MESEB. In this regard, a committee has been appointed to look into the matter, as the agreement was at that time and now there has been a change, but the agreement remains unchanged.
In a statement sent by Bah Shngainlang Thangkhiew and Bah Thomas Lyngdoh, former UDP office bearers in Umroi Circle, they said that Sunlight Shadap, the new General Secretary of the UDP Umroi Circle, has been appointed as the new General Secretary of the UDP Umroi Circle. Asst, Teacher, Government Deficit School, Mynken Christian HS, but he said that he did not know the truth.
in houses, buildings, training centres, schools and other buildings.
“Every year there is a CAG report and it has been brought to the Legislative Assembly where all members receive it through the Assembly Secretariat.
“This land is the property of the people, the GHADC does not have the authority to hand it over to the State Government.
When the Third Temple was built in Jerusalem, the 7 years would begin (the month foretold by the prophet Daniel.
During the meeting in both the villages starting from Thyllaw and followed by Mawlongbna, Bah Ardent allowed only one elder to speak in the voice of the people of the village to express and convey in front of the The Council and the law enforcement agencies - the reason for the clash between the two villages which led to the violence on the 12th of July.
The survey was conducted by the National Highway and Infrastructure Development Corporation (NHIDCL) which proposed the project to be funded by the Japan International Corporation Agency (JICA).
This was to exterminate Muslims or Christianity, and to create one Hindu religion, but the result was that the Muslims fought against it and sadly there was a massacre. and blood at that time.
When pdu or jyreh in English it is 'Belch' and the other word is 'Flatus' or the synlar word is 'Fart'
In the match, both the teams had many chances to score but the ability of the goalkeepers of both the teams to prevent goals from being scored has shocked the spectators.
This Police Outpost will be known as the Barato Police Outpost.
At the same time, the CSWO strongly condemned the excessive behavior of the police against the students of Kiang Nangbah Government College.
The KSU has sent a petition to the Minister of Education on Friday to express its concern over the situation in the conduct of the examination. CUET. The Education Cell of the KSU in the petition said that it is deeply saddened by the inconveniences that have been witnessed during the CUET examination at NEHU. She said that as an organization that stands for the welfare and rights of the students, she does not appreciate the delay in the management and provision of facilities which has affected the students. write this exam.
Shillong: The Garo Hills State Movement Commission (GDA) on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Superintendent of Police Resubelpara against a truck carrying illegal drugs. coal in the name of coke.
Speaking at the inauguration of the Mawpat Block, Mawpat, Mukul said that as the government has seen the threat of illegal entry of foreigners, the government has taken action to create a The Residents and Safety Act 2016 and the amendment of the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 to ensure that other ethnic groups do not have the opportunity to commit illegal activities and to prevent the villagers to fight benami.
Boys HS School won the tie-breaker 4-2
When it comes to the process of dressing and beautifying the sohphlang in the market, to make it white, it is indeed the most difficult part, because it requires a lot of time and energy.
After the election, he said that he had written to the party to forget what had happened and he had written a letter to ask for an MP ticket but the party did not respond until he wrote it himself. he will cancel this ticket request.
In this regard, the union said that the Assam police have violated the human rights of the Khasi people living on the border even to the point of ignoring the central government and the Meghalaya government.
Is this also one of the secrets of the MDA Government and the Assam Government?” asked KHNAM. “If this is true, it means that the MDA Government has done this secretly since “Umïam falls within the border of Meghalaya and the question arises who is the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma or Himanta Biswa,” said KHNAM. The statement by the Chief Minister of Assam mentions only two ways, one is that the Assam Government has been willing to interfere not only on the border, but also in the central areas of the state without the permission of the Government of Meghalaya. “It is clear that the MDA government has arranged this agreement with the Assam government without the knowledge of the people,” said the statement. states and without public explanation is wrong.
We are ready...Let them do it soon," Kumar told reporters.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Jason S.Mawlong, congratulated the BSS&CC office bearers, who took the initiative to organize this cricket tournament and said that the organization of such tournaments It will be one of the platforms to develop those youngsters who have talent in cricket.
Sister Elsina Arackal in her opening speech expressed her gratitude to Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, Bishop of Jowai Diocese for giving permission to the Sisters of Mercy to build this hospital. I thank God that with the blessings of God after receiving permission, I have been able to start and build this Hospital immediately. to as many people as possible in the field of health.
“I want to investigate myself if I receive a complaint that old pipes have been used to implement the JJM scheme because according to this scheme the pipes should be new as allocated by the central government. too.
The meeting also accepted the resignation of the General Secretary of the Union, Kmen Shylla, Waheh Shnong of Wahiajer and appointed Bishar Shylla, Waheh Shnong of Ialong, in his place.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 23 cases, including 6 health workers, 9 cases from Pyndengrei cluster and 3 cases from Upper New Nongstoin cluster.
“He is not strong-minded and not suitable to work in the border state,” Amarinder Singh wrote on Twitter.
Furthermore, the union leaders said that the state government receives more revenue from East Jaintia, but it has not been able to provide for the development in the region.
The factory produces and manufactures all types of school uniforms and school supplies.
However, the preparation and delivery of food is too slow and the diners have to wait for atta (Naan and tandoori roti).
Shillong, November 22: The PIB Fact Check Unit (FCU) has discovered three YouTube channels spreading fake news in India.
The Congress party today, through Kong Susuki Pariat, Coordinator of All India Mahila Media, Meghalaya, has denied the claims of this page on Facebook, saying that it is only the claims of the All India Mahila Media, Meghalaya. They take advantage of the opportunity to mislead the people of the state.
The President of the Congress in the state, Vincent H. Pala, who is contesting the election, has a Rolex watch worth Rs 8 lakh, four AAple phones, phones worth Rs 5 lakh. and nine chariots, and all his substance, according to the number of the cities.
Thousands of supporters of the VPP 17 North Shillong Constituency attended the rally to celebrate the song Kongdeng Kongnah in Prah.
Shillong, Lber 22: U Bah Sylvester Nongtnger has returned as Superintendent of Police (SP) of East Khasi Hills District after being transferred recently. Fire and Emergency Service (F&ES), Shillong.
Nongpoh, Nailur 06: The Hima leaders of Jirang and the Sordar Shnongs of the area under the shatri through the voice of the People of Western Ri-Bhoi today came forward to clarify the allegation that The MLA of Jirang has visited the Jirang Constituency to collect the documents from the Hima and Raid regarding the demarcation of the boundary in the Jirang Constituency.
Bah Shakliar Warjri, Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya will be the chief guest.
My writings may be surprising or not, but these are the facts that this present age is weak and wants to be happy or as the saying goes, wants to be happy without hard work.
Although the vehicle was found, the two occupants, one of whom was identified as the Rangbah Shnong of Wahlyngkhat, could not be rescued.
The total number of cases has risen to 58 and 14 are undergoing treatment.
““On the other hand, we are not happy even to talk about the election in the Hima Mylliem while the Inquiry Report has not been clarified and on what basis the KHADC has accepted the election. His resignation letter, because he is the one who has to answer before the investigation into the allegations against him and if he is found clean he should be re-appointed and if he is found guilty he should be reinstated. and he shall be removed from the throne of the kingdom.
“We have already made it clear that we will not affect the Reservation Policy because it is a matter that needs to be thoroughly considered and therefore we will maintain the Status Quo as it is now,” he said.
At the same time, Bah Suker said that the party also demands that MUDA should drop the complaint lodged with the police against the President of the party, Bah Banbuhai Makdoh and Otherwise, the party is ready to hold protests if the complaint against the leader cannot be dropped. first of all.
From the start, Maharashtra fought hard and until the end they managed to stop Maharashtra's goal attempts and beat them 4-0
At present, the State Government has abandoned the plan to build a new airport but will improve the existing airport at Umroi by extending the runway. ) and he cut down all the mountains that were covered with snow.
The inspection of the banks of the river showed that in the past few days, the heavy rainfall has caused damage to the banks of the river. I'm sitting synjor.
His explanations are not as accurate as they appear in the newspapers, because these provisions of the Constitution, even among skilled lawyers, there are times when they disagree, until Kashari is very rich.
Although the Khasi language has a unique characteristic in terms of using male and female for all kinds of non-human creatures, animals, birds, fish, insects and ksiah makna. , there are words that cannot be called 'Common Gender'
I Dr.A.Dympep SMS (Agril.
In the first half, no one could score and the game was a draw.
However, he said that in the last five years the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP has failed in many areas, but now during the elections the NPP is going around to mislead the people.
“The CWC has made many allegations against the party in a letter to the Chief Minister.
Although these teams tried hard from the start, they could not score until the end of the first half.
Another important part of showing that we are true patriots is that we must have a spirit of love for ourselves and respect for others.
The training was opened by the Chief Guest by lighting a candle as a sign to spread the light so that others too can receive light.
There are many rights that deficit teachers are still entitled to but until now the laws and regulations and the management of school authorities remain in the dark.
Woe for the earth and for the sea, because the devil has come down to you, having great anger, knowing he has a short period of time" Revelation 12:9-1
Ibalari Nongrum (20th minute) and Iaraplang Nongrum (43rd) scored the goals while Ridalin Suting (50th minute) scored 10 goals for H. Elias.
Regarding the complaint of the RBYF, the Inspector of Supply Department, promised to take action and monitor the shortage of ration, which the government intends to distribute to the people.
All students who have submitted their applications to Nongpoh should collect their Admit Card and should bring the temporary Admit Card issued to them at the time of application. admit card must show the police report.
“I feel that I have freedom as a citizen of India, but through aadhaar, the Indian government will be able to show information about me, even to people or companies abroad,” he said. said Rev. Sangma.
“If you look at any policy, it should be renewed every 10 years, why is it wrong for the reservation policy to be renewed? On the other hand, the union stands on the ground that the Meghalaya government should repeal the old chapter of the recruitment quota and start a new chapter to introduce a recruitment quota which will be the gain not only to one nation but to all nations".
She passed away on March 23, 2020 at 3:32 pm.
When we Khasi from the countryside look for a house in the city when we go to study, it is very difficult to get a house.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that this series is an attempt to inform the youth about those people who have taken part in the struggle for independence but have not openly, people that educational opportunities have forgotten in the past, and who haven’t really gotten the recognition they deserve.
He said that the opening of the Model Degree College in the area is a blessing to the people from the parents and especially the students that they don't have to go far to continue their studies. He also expressed his gratitude to the government for bringing this college to Ri-Bhoi District to improve education, but it is sad that there have been allegations that this building is not safe due to the signs of orpait in the building. As an MLA, he said that this is just a propaganda near the elections just to disgrace the leaders and the government.
He said the convening of the Special Session of the State Legislative Assembly will allow the members of the House to discuss the state of peace and order in Garo Hills besides the ILP. The 178th death anniversary of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima was celebrated in Mairang on Tuesday. Pa'iem P.Syiemlieh, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh MLA Mairang who was also the chief guest on the occasion, SDO (Civil) Mairang Sub Division, officers of various government departments, including Engineers and SDOs as well as officers of the police department.
The Netherlands on Tuesday announced that it will ban the use of mobile phones in classrooms.
The reason is that the people are not willing to demand their rights.
The other mountains were named Wamo Ri, Deu Ri, Hunzhub Ri and Kumingxingze Feng; the rivers were called Xenyogmo He and Dulain He, while another mountain was called Se La.
Nongpoh: The Inter Dong Football Tournament, organized by the Nongkya Sports Club at Nongkya Village Stadium, came to an end on Saturday.
He said that these days there are many states in the country and abroad, which need many workers and it is time for the youth of the district and from outside the state, to We should turn our attention to other states and not expect only in our own areas.
MEFSU president also recalled that the Central Empowered Committee (CEC) constituted by the Supreme Court had also endorsed the setting up of the High Level Committee (HLC) in January 2011.
I hope that the TMC leaders from this state should speak and tell these groups that here in the state we still have mutual respect unlike in other states or West Bengal”.
Shillong: U MLA of 33-Rambrai Jyrngam, Bah Kimfa S Marbaniang, has acknowledged the presence of residents in the Meghalaya-Assam border areas, who hold two EPICs. He said it is true that the inhabitants of the border areas of Meghalaya and Assam have two epics.
Since last year, the Israeli-Palestinian border area has been in turmoil due to the Palestinian security forces' use of force against Israeli military bases. from time to time and thereafter Israel has also responded to the actions of the Palestinian army.
Therefore, he said that it is easy to point fingers but when you reach the throne it is not easy to decide because there are many churches to decide.
And you don’t have to worry lest you see art related to their town.
Pochettino, who focuses on strong players, helped Southampton to finish fifth in his first season in England before joining Spurs in
The hospital has been advised that the hospital has no space and that Kong Ibakyntilin has been admitted to the containment area.
The epicenter of the earthquake struck at a depth of 17 km below sea level in Tamenglong district, about 33 km from Imphal in Manipur.
When asked whether the government will send an inquiry into the delay, Bah Rymbui said although he has not seen the letter from the Governor, the State Government has already called a meeting with the three ADCs. month not latep.
They have returned to the state this year (2023) and are still staying there.
Advertisement No:- No.DHS/MCH/NRHM/Appt-Advt/Pt/56/2014/6078For more details, Please check the.
In Pool B, Bethany Society (Meghalaya), Mizoram Blind Society, Moran Blind School (Assam), Mont Fort School (Assam) and Newbies United.
All these things, once decided and implemented, never escape the end of the goal.
The cost of this will be T.3.28 crore per month and 25% will be borne by the State Government and the rest by the Central Government.
of Meghalaya will construct a road connecting Lad Mawphlang and Mawphlang.
To explain and review the Land Reforms and enact a Land Ceiling Act so that the indigenous people cannot live without land and households.
He said that the congratulations to him during the strike came from all over the country in the morning and mostly in the evening.
“Our farmers have taken up rice farming as one of the sources of income.
These PPEs include gloves, masks, face shields and others.
I don't point fingers or criticize any of the leaders, but the people will judge the leaders they have elected.
“The door of the BJP is open to anyone who wants to join.
Besides, the HYC has vowed to strike if NEIGRIHMS does not listen to the demands of the HYC.
The total number of cases has risen to 3,959 and the death toll has risen to
Therefore, we have to resolve these issues and all those incidents that have happened or we will not be able to move forward.
The All Meghalaya Dancer's Association (AMDA) has expressed its opposition to the Government's plan to hold the Cherry Blossom Festival as it is a waste of public money.
This was announced before the Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday, after hearing a public interest litigation in this regard.
Nongpoh: U Bah Ioannis Narleng, Rangbah Shnong of Baridua, today explained to the public the charges against Bah Goldenstar Khongwar, in connection with the incident which happened on the 19th of this month at Baridua Village in Ri Bhoi District. On the same day, the Rangbah Shnong was attacked by more than 30 people led by Bah Goldenstar Khongwar.
That is why Christmas is called the birth of man “in the flesh”.
Replying to a question by Charles Pyngrope, MLA Nongthymmai, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said that there are schools which have expressed their concern about the operation of these buses. they are to teach and supervise the students.
He wished that this program will be a success and will benefit the students so that they can learn about their own customs and traditions.
At the same time, she said that they will forget about this incident and will not apologize to the Chief Superintendent of Police, but will work together for the welfare and protection of women in the state.
In a statement, the Seng in a statement through Bah FC Shullai, General Secretary, said that this celebration will coincide with the 181st Anniversary of the establishment of Primary Schools in the United Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Sunil Kumar Shahi, Superintendent of Sri Krishna Medical College and Hospital (SKMCH), said, “The death toll from acute encephalitis syndrome (AES) in Muzaffarpur has risen to
Following the complaints received from the students who have also sent a letter, the union requests the relevant authorities to take action especially the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi who is also the Chairman. The union will also meet with the DC of Ri-Bhoi and the Principal of the school as the Principal was not present on that day and gave them 1 month to complete the training. meet all the needs and concerns of the children.
Jowai, Jymmang 13: The Movement For Change (MFC) led by activist Chandame Sungoh as Chief Convenor and Phermaiñ Samayang Convenor have met and sent a letter to the Returning Officers and Deputies. Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District.
When asked, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “I don't have the right to answer on behalf of the High Court but what I say is that the matter is clear that we have already advocated because we want to implement it from now on. The Court has enforced and put in writing that the Reservation Policy should be implemented from the commencement of the Reservation Policy.
The chief guest at the closing ceremony of the 1st Sngap Singh Syiem Football Tournament (SSSFT) 2022 was Bah Carness Sohshang, MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency. The 1st Sngap Singh Syiem Football Tournament (SSSFT) 2022 between Nongbri Brother's (Nongjri) Football Team and Se-la-jong Football Team was played at which even in the midst of heavy rain they were able to fulfill their part.
I have not seen any real issue that the opposition parties are talking about on unemployment.
The distribution of blankets by the 6th MLP Bn is the fourth day since the 1st November.
Shillong, Naitung 7: Former Vice President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Fredrick Khar Mawphlang today said that his decision to join the HNLC is due to the He also denied that his joining the KSU was due to a difference of opinion with the KSU leaders. He said he did not want to live under the rule of the Hindu government.
Other speakers on the occasion were Bah N Munish Singh and Bah Raphael Warjri, in the presence of others who passed away on the occasion.
Two teams of the State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) led by Bah PH Khongsngi, Commandant, SDRF and Bah B Sahkhar, 2nd-in-Command, SDRF have rushed to the scene.
Encourage early learning of different languages ​​: Reading newspapers every day improves the speaking skills of children.
He said that the Center provides many services to the people with disabilities including special training in education, self-employment training, counseling and others according to their needs.
Walter Kharkongor, 48, better known as Lung, a famous dancer in the state and also known as Michael Jackson, passed away on Sunday morning. The funeral service will be held tomorrow Monday 30th March 2023 at the Catholic Cemetery in Umshorshor.
Just as the Jaitbynriew of 2014 is no longer the Jaitbynriew of centuries ago, so we see the decline of the Lyngkor Kñi and its replacement by the Lyngkor Kpa – although some believe that “u Shynrang Khasi he has two Pansngiat: the Son in the House of the Father and the Father in the House of the Son.
“These people have come to do politics by dividing the society.
The most important issue that needs to be considered immediately and created solutions is the availability of water. kper bad ka doh na sem"- Can we still revive this idea? This refers to agriculture and it also refers to the era when all the villagers have their own land to work to touch, nourish and support life.
The Prime Minister's remarks came a day after the MDC elections in which the Congress won only 7 out of 29 seats, the NNP won 10 seats, the independent candidates won 7 seats, the GNC won 7 seats. BJP and NCP won 3 seats each.
Marsanki Tariang is the son of Nowell Passah from Priang.
Police have launched investigation into the incident.
However, it is not the owner of the house but the house of the elders built by the blood of the mother or by the mother-in-law – two generations or three generations ago, whether it is a stone house or a house. (b) it is the duty and responsibility of the latter to take care of his parents in their old age and to take care of them. They shall not be treated unfairly, insulted or exploited and taken advantage of their old age, including wealth, property inherited from parents; k) if the brothers have to leave the household because the wife has died and has not had children from her and for any other reason, it is the final duty to receive them and d) in the event of the death of the sister(s), it is the duty of the latter to take the children who have become orphans and raise them as their own. that he may feed them, and enrich them, and not make them servants, nor make them slaves.
This song urges everyone to refrain from drinking and using drugs.
Hashah also expressed his satisfaction and congratulated the children who have worked hard day and night, played well, exercised well, did not count themselves and through their work May God bless them and bring more glory to the state in the days and years to come.
Shillong, July 06: U Bah Teibor Pathaw, who contested the Mawlai election last year, has denied that he has any connection with the MPDF led by Bah Process T Sawkmie. one of the newspapers (Not in Rupang).
They demanded that besides providing electricity, MeECL should appoint manufacturers in the area especially in Umkiang to look after the problems of the people.
Out of the 4550 households operating since 15th July 2019, 4,00,812 households are now operational, which shows the Government's hard work to ensure that the residents of rural areas, have access to drinking water. which is rich and peaceful.
The transaction has been completed.
These Longmie and Elders in the presence of Bah GS Shadap, Bah Josaia Shadap and Bah Rangkynsai Rympei came to join the Congress Party at a meeting held today at Lumsohpieng Bhoirymbong. Adhoc Secretary, Samla Isynei Hinge and Samla Apbor Nongrum.
The Bapli who have spent 5000/- tyngka don't know or understand that they have lost and sold the price even for the bright future of their children, ha that Mahajon Three Years.
The KSU has said that the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has closed down the ban on the 31st of this month. U October 2024, Banks and others who operate on this day which is the holy day of Christians, Easter Sunday, will be closed.
The JSM said that the residents have already donated land for these schools but until now the schools have not been built.
All these incidents have shocked the voters even though the elections to the Legislative Assembly of the state have been held for less than a year.
“After we did not meet, we came here to the Secretariat, it is something that saddens us as the leaders of the party from West Jaintia Hills because these MLAs whom we sent to advocate for the cause of the country Khasi and Jaintia have not raised the issue of employment,” he said.
In the event of any dispute, it shall be decided by the Arbitrator of the Panchayati Raj Department of the Government of India and the costs shall be shared.
In Jowai, a rally was held in the morning with motor bikes and vehicles with placards, which started from Mihmyntdu and went around Jowai city ending at District Tuberculosis Center Panaliar, Jowai. .
The Cabinet of Meghalaya has also approved the OM for the year 2020 regarding the Reservation Roster for Persons with Disabilities. point on your Reservation Roster.
He said that according to the rules, the Central Parliamentary Board of the party will take the final decision on the candidates who will get the party ticket for Shillong and Tura.
“I don’t think SSA would spend a certain amount of money to build a public viewing platform," he said.
Meanwhile, Bah Steven was arrested by the police today while he was on the highway in Umiam.
Meanwhile, PAC member and Umroi MLA George Lyngdoh said that there are 33 lyntang factories operating in the factories which consume tons of wood every year and destroy the environment.
He said that the people who called used the SIM cards from Kolkata.
Daniel said that there are 39 Labor Inspectors besides 9 who already exist and out of these 39 23 are Khasi-Jaintia.
As a special group, it must look after and meet the various needs of the members it includes, and at the same time it has its own mandate to contribute to the society in which it participates. you are part or member of it.
On this occasion, the group also honored the paradoh parasnam who are studying and living in Delhi who have looked after the welfare of the people.
Lambokstarwell said the party supports the protest of Ardent on this issue which has been protested for a long time.
Northeast United will face East Bengal in the first semi final on Tuesday while FC Goa will face Mohun Bagan in the second semi final on Friday in Kolkata.
However, after four months, in the past few days, we have seen that the offices of these companies have been closed down on the grounds that they do not have a trading license.
Looking at the hatred of these two leaders, the Congress party and their years of obedience to the BJP leaders in Delhi, it seems that there is a way for them to talk only. once, on the border between Assam and the State and through the will of their chief from Delhi, Amit Shah; It will surely be a victory for the NPP, BJP and will also bring peace to the people of the two states, which has been in peace for more than 48 years.
Three deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills District and one from West Jaintia Hills.
Although there is a rule in the House that a matter that is still under the jurisdiction of the Court cannot be discussed, the UDP has created a way to discuss this issue through the rules of law.
The Seng Khihlang hopes that through this Behdieñkhlam festival, after this festival, the diseases will be different from this holy land, that the diseases will disappear and will bring about peace. a peaceful society within the village.
Victor Rani said the PDF leader is currently the CEM of KHADC, but in 2018 the letter E will be removed and he will become the CM of the state.
Speaking to reporters, UDP Mawlai Circle Leader congratulated the government through the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department for injecting about 20,000 cows, but there are still many left. He said that many cow farmers have suffered greatly and need their help.
As of 19 October 2022, 902 civilians have been killed and 1,459 injured in Ukraine, according to UN human rights.
It is for the brother (State) to be concerned for the brother (District Council) but the brother should not violate the rights of the brother.
Through this project, 150 farmers have been trained in Jyoti and Himalani, more than 500 farmers have been trained on seed production and about 1 lakh seedlings have been planted and 15146 plots have been identified as GIS map of rice production areas.
In order to conduct the tournament smoothly, the organizers have held a tie for 15 teams in their respective groups which was held on Friday. by the Meghalaya Basketball Association.
On the other hand, Mr. Sungoh said that we have decided to take action on this issue with the cooperation of the Rangbah Shnong.
Speeches were delivered by MDC WG Sungoh, President EJHDCC, Dr. Phervision Nongtdu and others. The meeting was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong of Mowtyrshiah.
Shillong: Farmers from various units of the Hill Farmer Union (HFU) have decided not to sell jhur on the 5th of this month as a sign of protest against the continued kilo cutting by the traders in Iewduh. .
Meghalaya scored 48 runs and took four wickets against Sikkim after failing to tied first.
I hate those NPP parties and its followers who have made many accusations against our brave leader Bah Adelbert. I hope you will win.
The total number of cases has risen to 27,02,742 and the death toll to 51,7
The CEM also spoke on the submission of the Bill to the MHA and said that if there is anything wrong with the Governor, it should be sent back to the KHADC for correction. item.
In April of the same year, the KSU submitted another petition and expressed its concerns and demands to the Government.
No. 15) in the 54th minute.
According to Bah Laloo, the union sees that if the railway comes, it will affect the income of the vehicle owners who earn their living by parking freight trucks and those who operate themselves.
All of them have been handed over to the District Social Welfare Department for further investigation.
The Guinness Book of World Records has recorded that the heaviest cow in the world weighs 2,267 kilograms.
The months of July and June are the months when every household lives as well as possible so that they can cover the cost of textbooks, copies, plates and other expenses. the school that the children attend usually requires that it must be provided on time.
The state government is also preparing to spend about Rs 23 crore for the Meghalaya Games.
It’s a surprise at home because he didn’t tell her he was coming back either.
Regarding the RBYF's ability to donate an ambulance in Ri Bhoi Sepngi, the elders of the area and those who gave speeches on the occasion, expressed their special thanks to the leaders of the RBYF. RBYF, for their hard work in providing this ambulance and it will be of great benefit to many people in the Ri Bhoi Sepngi area as a whole.
He said that their visit to these remote areas is to encourage them especially the students and teachers and the whole area.
But we still remember him fondly.
Shillong, Naitung 28: A 15-year-old girl has escaped from the hands of a robber on Saturday morning.
Shillong: The Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya (JNV), Mawphlang, was scheduled to reopen from 1st November 2019, but the school has remained closed till today. Led by Bah SK Sun, MLA Mawphlang, the committee has ordered that the school should be closed until it can stop the flow of waste into the dam at Mawphlang.
The hearing will be held on 14 November 2022," the court said.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, in a statement issued on Tuesday, encouraged the students of the district who are citizens of Meghalaya to continue their studies in Technical Education to apply for scholarships. schemes including the AICTE-Pragati Scholarship Scheme for Girls (Degree & Diploma), the AICTE-Saksham Scholarship Scheme for Students with Disabilities (Degree & Diploma) and the AICTE-Swanath Scholarship Scheme. (Degree & Diploma) for children.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The HANM Women's Wing, which recently announced that it will hold a strike on the 21st of this month at the PWD Nongpoh office, today announced that it will suspend for a while due to the Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya. -Bhoi District has summoned the leaders of the union on the issue of their strike for the road from 13 mer to Umtyrnga.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: Banks today assured the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya that they will not harass the people but will try to provide for their needs. because the bank doesn't have any more money.
The main reason for all this is the money because there is no more income and the opposition starts.
In the Under-14 category, East Garo Hills will play against East Jaintia Hills and Ribhoi will play against West Jaintia Hills.
God knew the people or the church in Thyatira.
Delhi Police also arrested Pradeep Singh, a member of Jaggu Bhagwanpuria's group, and seized three pistols from him.
The first Behdienkhlam will be held by Langdoh Kongwasan, Raij Chyrmang and is scheduled to be held on 25th June
“It is the beginning of the ILP protest, which we will first explain to the people about the laws to protect mynder through newspapers,” said Robertjune Kharjahrin.
The Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma, today informed the Legislative Assembly that the state government is ready to discuss and arrange with other new groups for the Shillong Medical College.
In the second innings, BK Bajoria scored 85 runs for the loss of 9 wickets in 15 overs.
“We have been told by the state government officials that due to the unfounded decision to move the badminton tournament from Shillong to Guwahati, the Meghalaya government is looking for ways and means to cancel the tournament. MSOA Working President John F Kharshiing said in a letter sent to the Director General of SAI who is the CEO of the tournament.
Understand that it is the party that will bring about good governance.
The All Meghalaya Karate Association (AMKA), one of the oldest Karate Training Associations in the state, has organized the 29th Inter School and 11th Inter College Karate Tournament 2023 under the support of the Directorate of Karate Training. The meeting was held at the Multi Purpose Indoor Hall of the Sports Authority of India (SAI) at the ground floor of NEHU, Shillong.
She urged other youths to have a spirit of hard work in whatever they choose, saying that as youths they should have 'a spirit of humility, perseverance and determination in life'
Besides, the most shocking thing is to see the teachers who have to take to the streets from time to time to demand their salaries due to the delay in the payment of the salaries of the Government. .
?" He asked again. "Yes, because they have covered their faces and mine.
During his election campaign in Selsella today, Conrad said that if the people elect him, he will fulfill all the wishes and dreams of his father and will provide the best service for the people. in the Garo Forest.
Buh is a source of income and money is also a source of income.
Speaking at the closing ceremony, Bah Titos Chyne said that the purpose of celebrating the 25th Anniversary of the school is to commemorate the founders of the school. have walked many difficult paths of many trials until the school is what it is today.
Owners or drivers of vehicles shall bring with them the original and copies of the following documents, Registration Certificate, Permit, Insurance Certificate, Fitness Certificate, Trading License for Non Tribals, Professional Tax, Passenger Tax, MLMTU Certificate, Pollution Certificate, EPIC or AADHAR Card of the owner.
The mother of the victim lodged a complaint with the police and a case has been registered against him under the POCSO Act.
In commemoration of Handilson Majaw's contribution to football, Bah Bor Diengdoh said, “We have remembered Bah Handilson Majaw at the final of the Under 12 tournament organized by the SSA. Langsning vs Nongkseh on 21st July,
He said that the youth in the state have the opportunity to express themselves in sports, music and other activities and the NPP will continue to promote them. youth programs by conducting sports events in villages, districts and in the state to open up opportunities for them.
So avoid using cosmetics on your face and it is best if you can use face washes that suit your skin.
“Ka seng has strongly urged that such a school provides education and to improve that education, but to get that education, the children have to face the difficulty of getting the soh, the students have to sit on the ground, because there are no benches or tables for the students and the teachers.
They said that in 1876, the British Government had appointed a Boundary Committee headed by the DC of Kamrup and the DC of Khasi-Jaintia to resolve the border issues. The Khasi-Jaintia without informing the Raid and the Hima Shylong have divided their land and this is the reason why this border dispute has arisen which in fact according to the documents of the Raid Desh Demoreah or Raid Demoreah. Raid Rithor is located in Meghalaya under the jurisdiction of the Hima Shyllong and now under the jurisdiction of the Hima Mylliem.
“With the unity and participation of the people of various political parties, the attempt to pass the CAB has failed,” said Conrad and added that if the CAB becomes law it will affect the entire North East.
This is the silent invasion of our nation.
He said that the state government has released the BPL ration card to the households.
The MBA has also announced the list of players from both the Men's and Women's teams who have been selected to compete in the tournament which will start next month.
William scored in the 16th minute.
She said that in the past years, some dorbar shnongs have allowed women to participate but it is not regular.
He said that the farmers have also expressed their concern that some of the children have dropped out of school part-time.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that coal can be mined after getting the approval of the law enforcement authorities in compliance with the rules and regulations of the Environment Protection Act. .
Kambesa A Sangma scored 16 runs while Rikmanchi M Sangma scored 4/8
The Shillong Sports Association ( Shillong Sports Association ) has announced that the 1st Division tournament will start in the new year from 9th July
There was also no incitement to fight, with the sword and the spear, against those other tribes who were the A'chik.
The Rod of Moses became the Rod of God which was the center of the miracles.
“Many times we see that the purpose of producing football players is only from those who play for clubs but forget about those who have the spirit and talent to play.
Remember, says the proverb of Aesop, 'The child is the father of the old man'
Sometimes they have to waste a couple of days when they need to withdraw money from the bank.
In the household, he is the owner of the household who has to learn and manage so that the income of the household will grow and increase in wealth and all its possessions.
Therefore, the union requests all the teachers of Upper Primary Schools in Meghalaya who are under the umbrella of MUPSTA to come out in order on this day so that the government can see that they are MUPSTA Central Body, MUPSTA Central Body, said in a statement that the teachers are very sad and suffering.
With the opening of this market, vehicles carrying goods to sell or wholesale jhur will not be allowed to enter the market in sorry Jowai.
It is learned that the Maruti Atlo number ML-05-P-6266, which was driven by the man, was on its way to Bhoirymbong, but when it reached Khapmara, it collided with another vehicle. The vehicle collided with a truck number NL-01-AB-4737 coming from the opposite direction. The driver of the vehicle died on the spot. the vehicle you were driving was badly damaged.
The incident happened at Joypur police station on the Assam-Manipur border and the two men said they did not recognize the road at 11.15 pm.
Jowai, Jymmang 07: The Jowai By-Pass from Mukhla to Soomer (Mihmyntdu) has caused one truck carrying foodstuffs to collapse on the side of the road.
However, the MLAs have felt that they have 'stood forward' for the people of the constituency, even though they have not brought the issues of the constituents to the Legislative Assembly to discuss and decide on them. There are many people, especially in the countryside.
The fish are also very good, they eat small ones from the outside and larger ones from the inside.
However, the meeting held yesterday at the Iing Durbar Umsamlem, went smoothly and without any complaints or objections from the residents. , many of the residents and relatives of Parad from the village who came to listen to the explanation and the end of the meeting, was that there was a mutual conflict and forgot about the it was all wrong.
The match was allowed in extra time and in all the minutes both teams failed to score.
New Delhi: The price of petrol has risen by 14 paise in Delhi to T.75.85 per liter from T.75.51 per litre.
“We cannot accept the behavior of the BSF who attack us from time to time.
This Scheme was also introduced at the same time as the CRAWL Scheme mentioned above.
Mahbubul Hoque, Chancellor of USTM, said that by 2030, all the departments of health from Allopathy, Unani, Sidha and Homeopathy will be available at the university. He said that the hospital will provide the best services to the people in various fields and will also have well trained doctors and nurses.
• In other departments, all Public Sector Understandings will be converted into companies and this will be done after considering the best time. • To reduce administrative costs. , the number of departments in the most important sectors shall be one in four places: and the other sectors shall be transferred to private companies or merged or placed under holding companies. to increase the borrowing capacity of the States from 3% to 5% for 2020-2
Bhalang Khongwir (Claudia's Fitness Hub) won first place, Raj Kumar Saha (Lion's Den Unisex Fitness Center Tura) won first place and Rehearsal Jones Hynniewta (Frankie) won third place. Calisthenic Fitness Gym).
In another match, Chelsea drew 0-0 with Everton while Liverpool beat Fulham 2-0 with Salah scoring in the 41st minute. and then Shaqiri in the 53rd minute.
He won the MDC for four terms.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 79206 out of which 75883 have recovered and 1370 have died.
Kitbok Pale, resident of Ialong; Minerva goalkeeper Nidin Lal saved the ball but Minerva goalkeeper Nidin Lal saved the ball.
In the second leg, Jongksha FC beat Thangbnai SC 3-0 with Abrestar Kharsahnoh scoring two goals in the 15th and 43rd minutes and Khrawbhalang Songthiang scoring 10 goals in the 15th and 43rd minutes. goal in the 39th minute.
The house of D Wahlang, Bishnupur, has been sealed due to the presence of covid-19 cases in a house in New Kench's Trace, Bishnupur. It is located opposite Steriah Rynjah Store, New Kench's Trace, Bishnupur and will be open from 15th July
It is useless to acquire that knowledge if we are still acting like 'wild men on the street.
Joining the BJP, the leaders who joined the BJP said that the people of the state have seen the ability and policies of the Government led by the BJP and Narendra Modi. To work for the benefit of the people and it is for these reasons that they joined the BJP, to serve the people, they also hope to eradicate corruption from the state, because the party BJP is a party that is still free from corruption.
On the other hand, Bah Pala said that it is not necessary to be the President of the MPCC to be an MLA, as the party has done well in the last elections, because of the COVID-19 pandemic. 19, now the election to elect the president of the MPCC cannot be held.
The candidates who are ready to contest the Pynthorumkhrah election include Bah AL Hek who is also the incumbent MLA from the BJP, Rocky Hek from the NPP, u PN Syiem of the Congress, Babu Mayborn Lyngdoh of the VPP and Samborlang Diengdoh as the independent candidate.
At Phyllut village, a confirmation meeting was held in which all the residents of the village, elderly, women and youth attended and registered themselves with the UDP. The number of supporters of the NPP, Congress, HSPDP and PDF has joined the UDP. other parties, has encouraged other residents in the area and there is no doubt that they will come to join the UDP in the coming days.
Not only the prestige they bring, but one of the most important values ​​that farmers bring is peace to the country and the nation as a whole to avoid and prevent famine, and this is clearly witnessed in you're locked down now.
If they can expand their business, they will surely try to produce more agricultural products and food items to ensure that the residents of the state can benefit.
In this regard, she said that the Minister has called a meeting with the senior officers of NHAI to discuss the issue on 2nd July
“Fashion technology in our country is no longer a job for the rich.
Rai, who owns a food shop, was taken from the shop by the headmistress of the school, Meena Devi, for the lunch.
The environment includes everything that surrounds us such as mountains, rivers, trees, plants, birds, animals, wind, sun, rain, snow, and how ter ter.
Ki Hynniewtrep or Hynniewskum in Khasi means nine households or nine households which means that the Hynniewtrep people came into the world through one family from one mother, one father and one son and having nine children. women do not register the names of their sons in the Kur or Kpoh register because they are counted as jait of the mother.
We have worked for six months but we have not received any payment.
Regarding the inspection, Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has worked hard to improve the buildings and facilities at the school. nos with more than 50 beds and a hostel, where until now the requirements from beds, maintenance of the building, water and others have been adequate but the rest is still in need. electricity and adequate roads to reach the school.
Shillong, July 5: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has recognized Everbloom Nongrum, a youngster from Mawrynkneng, who has scored 10 goals against Mawsingshad SC in the 3rd division. He received the Jeevan Raksha Padak Award from the President of India for his bravery in rescuing two of his friends from two incidents.
The following are the schools that won the rally and the signature campaign and their support for the eradication of smoking in schools. MOTHER ANGELES SECONDARY SCHOOL West Garo Hills – Tura Urban Area Higher Secondary NONGLANG HIGHER SECONDARY SCHOOL West Khasi Hills – Mawshynrut Block Special School SCH & CENTRE-HEARING-HANDICAP LPS and MARY RICE CENTRE lLPU 5 pungHO SPL. The Inter School Badminton Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Badminton Association (WJDBA) started on Tuesday and will continue for four days at the Indoor Hall of Chutwakhu, Jowai.
Sixteen teams from all over the Mawkyrwat area participated in the tournament.
Pandey said that such remarks against the President of the party who is also the NPP candidate from Tura Parliamentary Seat, are the threat of the Prime Minister.
Therefore, when the Church no longer walks in the teaching of the Word of God, it must walk in the teaching of men.
This is the announcement by Dr Jamir and Sampath Kumar.
Shillong, November 15: The Government of India has approved to continue the implementation of the Non Lapsable Central Pool of Resources (NLCPR), which allows the states of the North East to invest only 10 per cent of their own funds. , in various schemes and that the Government of India, will contribute 90 percent.
The name of the party was announced by the leaders of the Assam Advisory Committee, Krishna Gopal Bhattacharya and Basanta Deka in Guwahati.
After the treatment we had clean water for a while, but as soon as it rained, it was the same again".
The increase in the number of vehicles passing through this road in the area has started to cause traffic jam and endanger the passengers especially the children who pass through this road in the villages of the area.
On Dr Mukul's claim that many of the NPP MLAs will not contest the upcoming elections from the party, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has requested the Leader of the Opposition to provide the names of such MLAs who will not contest. “I request him to give me the names of the MLAs who will no longer be with the NPP,” he said.
The meeting was conducted by the Chairman of the Youth League (JS), Shwa Patwet. Before the meeting, Tbn.S.Sukhlian gave a short prayer. Tbn.H.Papeng, Rev.S.Langstang, Pastor of Nongkhlieh District, and A short speech was delivered by Ma Silbinus Sukhlian, who said that the office is necessary to have its own office for the storage of equipment.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Union, Bah Balawanlam Kupar Khongmawpat and the General Secretary, Hichestone L Marshillong, said that they have demanded from the government to increase the salary of the Union. Skilled employees should be paid T.900 per day, Semi Skilled T.700 per day and Unskilled T.500 per day.
Will there be a change in their choice and will there be a pressure on the colleges to meet all the requirements?
All Saints won the match by 117 runs and Gurjeet Singh, who took three wickets, was named Man of the Match.
When asked whether the food or agricultural products produced by the farmers by using urea will affect the health, the agricultural expert said that the people who have eaten urea Besides such foods, urea-producing vegetables affect their health and weaken the body.
Here we see that the Jews were amazed at the miracles performed by the Apostles in the name of Jesus, because they themselves did not accept the teachings of Jesus Christ and did not receive this miraculous power.
Regarding these complaints, the Seng Marmar has met with the BSF chiefs in charge of these areas on the 8th of this month and in this meeting, the BSF promised to cooperate with the residents as well as the Seng in order to bring peace and stability in the area and to curb the infiltration of Bangladeshis into the border of India.
Also present on the occasion were Kyle D Marak, District Labor Inspector Umling Block, Deitikordor Lyngba, Center Coordinator Childline Nongpoh, Staff of Childline Nongpoh, Students of Mahatma. Gandhi University and students from Martin Luther Christian University, Shillong.
The purpose of the founders of this Act is to enable our people who have been able to start their own businesses to work.
Inspection by Rupang, it was found that the area which the Khasi people have turned into a farmland is located near Umlatara village, on the other side of the Umiam River. farmers said they had farmed in the area for decades.
Khliehriat, July 14: The damage caused to the National Highway in Narpuh East Jaintia Hills District has caused serious problems to the drivers and passengers. road in many parts of the road that looked like puddles in the middle of the road.
Speaking to reporters, Houthi spokesman Yahya Sarea said the Houthis are currently turning their attention to the US warship Maysun, which is in the area. part of the Red Sea along with other US defenses including missiles and others.
Three-time Gambegre legislator Saleng A Sangma and former Williamnagar legislator Deborah Marak are among the Congress candidates for the Tura parliamentary constituency.
The CBI has also found that almost all these MPs have committed the crime three to four times.
And this word lyngam bam byin since the ancients of the lyngam when we don't know well we haven't found that they say true, all of them say that they are just false accusations of people.
Individual awards, the Best Goalkeeper and the Best Player were also awarded to the players of Nongkhroh Sports Club.
The participation of John Taylor, Marketing Manager HTPC, Nepal, Sourav Bhagawati from Tea Tech, Guwahati, Assam and Parveez Arshad Hussain, Tea Sommelier from Darjeeling encouraged the development of the you can rep Slasha.
The union leader, Bah Roipar Kharaswai, said that they did not accept the reply of the minister as he had ordered them to meet the management of GVK in the state.
Therefore, on the basis of these reasons, the office is requested to suspend the distribution of rice under the NFSA 2013 in order to resolve the issues related to this issue.
“We feel sorry for the students who have to go to school even in the middle of the rain because as soon as it rains, the whole school is filled with water,” said Ma Nongrum.
In her poverty, she bought only 10 bottles of medicine and every morning as soon as the sun rose she put her daughter on the balcony to sleep until five o'clock.
The Sordar of Raid Shabong, Bah Biggestson Lyngdoh, received the certificate from the Syiem of Hima Khyrim on the 20th of this month at the office of the Hima Khyrim in Nongkrem in the presence of the Chairman of the Election Committee. U Bah Hilarius Peter Pyngrope together with the elders of Raid Shabong.
He also urged the students to improve their education as in the state every year there are up to 35,000 students who pass from class 10 onwards, so it is very difficult to fill jobs in the state. The state, especially in the government sector, but to achieve this, it is necessary to stand on its own feet and establish its own businesses in the state.
On the other hand, former army chief Captain Mohan Ranganathan said the helicopters of Pawan Hans are in good condition.
The meeting was also attended by Editors, Producers, Journalists, Correspondents and others from various media outlets as well as Officers from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and the Directorate of Information. and Public Relations.
They shall go to the fields, That the country may grow and be good;
Therefore, regarding the Sub-Centre, Bah AL Hek, urged the people to take good care of it so that it will become a true health center that will provide adequate services to them. people in the whole area.
The winners of this competition will receive a cash prize including souvenirs.
Donkupar is the first MDC from Umsning Constituency and won the 2013 MDC election from the United Democratic Party (UDP). The UDP does not have enough people while the PDF is a new political party and will have more difficulties in the elections.
I would be very grateful to you if you could you send me the full Khasi lyrics of your own anthem Ri Khasi Ri Khasi, in your language, together with their English translation.
Therefore, the responsibility will fall on the President of the UDP if anything bad happens to the UDP in these days because he has arranged for this cooperation from the beginning which has upset some MLAs. the UDP and also some of the youth and elders”.
Regarding the Khasi language, the JSM said the time has come for the government to include it in the Constitution of the country to recognize and develop the Khasi language.
Speaking to media after a meeting with the Khasi Jaintia Fish Wholesalers and Retailers Association, Bah AL Hek said that after the meeting with the Association, it has given its opinion on the issue. The Minister and his department should test all the fish in the area where these products have been imported from any state and not only from Andhra Pradesh.
The KSU said that everyone has understood that the protest is not for the personal gain of anyone, but for the benefit of many churches.
The agent of Safeshop, who has been under quarantine since 10th November, has shown symptoms and after testing positive for COVID-19 yesterday. Please self-quarantine yourself at home and inform the CHC Control Room Bhoirymbong at +9
“We urge the Government to take immediate action to implement this school so that it will benefit the children of Ribhoi Sepngi,” he said.
Rida listened and didn't know what her mother was saying.
Purno said the ban on coal mining would cost the state up to T.600 crore in revenue and corruption has increased because even in a small district like East Garo Hills, the money of T. .5 crore allocated for the Sanitation Program has been released by the Deputy Commissioner.
Other runners are from other states of India and runners from this state.
At one of the screenings of the film of Mother Teresa at the Soso Tham Auditorium, the speech of (L) Purno Sangma in Parliament was first screened.
In the story of the Tree, it is said that the sin of blood spread and grew on earth like the leaves of the Tree.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has not yet submitted any projects.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, John Kharshiing, brother of Agnes, said that he too has just received a tip from the police that Agnes was injured in the attack. The doctors at the Civil Hospital have sent the patient to NEIGHRIMS and at the time of writing, it is understood that the patient has been transferred to NEIGHRIMS. Agnes, Shillong, has been admitted to the hospital.
In 2012-2013, the PWD has allocated T.81, 26, 700/- for the construction of roads but here too they have built them. The scheme has been changed only for the sake of creating opportunities for corruption.
Officials of the Water Resources Department gave a Power Point on the draft water policy prepared by the Water Resources Department.
The Rangbah phoned this reporter and immediately Rupang phoned the OC of Jowai who is also in charge of the Traffic Department. local taxis were seized to warn them.
The competition for fame at every festival intensified and Gomer became more and more angry and the sun that used to shine in her eyes went down.
After a while they had eaten and drunk and ate dinner.
At the same time, he thanked the Chief Minister, Health Minister, Bah AL Hek and DHS, Dr Aman War for their initiative to provide this ambulance.
He said that until now, the state government has not faced any serious problems in terms of providing accommodation and food and drink for the that paid Manipur.
He was speaking at the foundation stone laying ceremony of two scheme central schools at Mowkaiaw on 9th December,
I would like to express my gratitude to the Social Welfare Department, the Police Department and other agencies who have been involved in this fight, because it is thanks to them that we can fight and curb such behaviour.
While we have seen a decline in the number of cases of COVID-19, the experiences of the lack of health facilities remain with us.
“Technology is a good servant of man but it is an evil master and can put man in great danger,” said an article on one of the Rots.
It ended because the Jews regained their homeland.
He said, I will come as a thief.
He said that these 42,000 vaccines will be for 21,000 people, as they need to get 2 doses and the government will take a decision later and the land will be allocated first. which needs to be vaccinated first.
Two husbands, who wanted children very much, stole the child from the womb of a poor girl, by cutting her womb and taking the child away.
He said that Meghalaya is facing many challenges and in the past five years the Government has taken many steps to transform the State although it is not easy.
Shillong, Nailar 12: Many people have complained to the reporter that they have been arrested for three months; The vehicles carrying shyiap were seized from Kynshi and other places.
Therefore, when the air is filled with garbage from all sides, we should cover their heads,” said Harish Mishra, a religious priest at the site.
" He urged the DMs to look into more innovative ways to promote vaccination in their districts.
In this regard, Bandari Ryntathiang, President of the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP), has expressed its full support to the Khasi Students Union (KSU). He also urged the government to immediately release the arrested KSU leaders in the district, especially at this time when Ri Bhoi District is still in preparation. to celebrate its 25th anniversary.
According to the ECI order, candidates who have cases should publish their names three times in newspapers and TV.
Meanwhile, the group has proposed the nomination of NPP MDC from Sohryngkham, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem as the candidate for the post of Chief Executive Member (CEM) in the election to be held tomorrow, July
On the Sohiong MLA, Panbor said they have found it very difficult to meet Samlin although he and Pangniang have tried to meet him many times.
BJ Phukan, MD of NRL, congratulated BPCL for being involved with M/S NES Jorobat which has won the title of being the largest petrol pump and the best seller of petrol to supply. The needs of the people and also that the condition of this petrol pump has been adequate as per the wishes of the people.
It is to be recalled that 372 karate players, ranging from 10 years old to older, came to participate in the tournament.
He said the Regional Committees have been set up by Meghalaya and Assam to look into the areas that need to be resolved and reach a mutually acceptable resolution.
Pakistan, meanwhile, has admitted killing up to 2,000 militants in North Waziristan and Khyber alone last year.
The truck and the drill machines were set on fire by the same persons, shortly after shooting and injuring the AMD officers. They left Wahkaji and went back to Mawthabah to do this work.
Meanwhile, another resident, Kadilia Khonglah, went to field on Friday and fell ill again on Thursday.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawpat Pyllun, said that as the Dorbar Shnong, they were shocked to hear the news that the body of the child was found inside the garbage truck.
Another issue is to get information on the transportation fees imposed by the government.
Now we understand that the time is near that the kings of the East like Russia, China, India, Japan, North Korea and others including the Arab countries will attack Israel in the coming days.
Shillong, July 20: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Chief Secretary Bindo M Lanong on Tuesday strongly criticized the MDA government for the border settlement with Assam. This action of the government is a complete mistake.
The Acting Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Bah KL Nongbri, on Monday said that they will visit the scene tomorrow to find out the truth.
It has 12 foundations, 12 Apostles of the Lamb.
On the other hand, Congress MLA Saleng Sangma said that there are also unemployed engineers in the state and the Government should use them to get knowledge and skills to become unemployed engineers. bit.
Shillong, Lber, 28: “The staff of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare are the light bearers to end Tuberculosis (TB) before 2025, in line with the target set by the National Strategic Plan. National Plan (NSP) for Tuberculosis (2017-2025) to achieve the goal of eradicating TB by
To assist in transportation to different parts of the state and to other states as well.
The National Voter's Day (NVD) was celebrated to encourage young people who have turned 18 years old to register their names on the Electoral Roll and 15 new registered voters were honored including 12 citizens and persons with disabilities. also.
Samla Readyferdynan Sun Organizing Secretary, said that the HYC stands for the ILP. He said that although the state government has approved the ILP, the central government has not done anything yet and the HYC will continue to fight. .
The winners were awarded prizes and certificates by Wailadmiki Shylla, DSO WJHD, EMH Passah, Vice President WJDSA and others.
Speaking on the girls' wrestling, Yandro Quintana, former Olympic gold medalist and head coach of the IIS women's wrestling team said, “India has been strong in all aspects. in sports, and wrestling is one of the most popular sports in the area.
He said that they can complain if there is a delay in issuing any certificates, villages which do not get electricity or if there is no one to clean up the garbage, they can also complain if it is sunny. of school children is not enough or does not have enough food according to the food that has to be provided in government schools just by taking a picture of the food and sending it to this number.
He said the implementation of the new machines is scheduled to be operational within the next few days as promised by the company operating the new machines.
Treiborlang said that GVK EMRI has been serving patients in Meghalaya for almost 50 years and according to the records, EMRI has served more than 10,500 people. Patients in all districts of Meghalaya and staff have rescued more than 19,000 patients and about 15,000 cases of childbirth under the care of EMRI 108 staff on the way to hospital. you can go to the hospital.
Before the final, Mawlai MLA Bah Process T.Sawkmie congratulated both the final teams in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong Mawsiatkhnam, Rangbah Dong, UDP Mawlai Circle leaders and others. .
From construction of good roads, bridges, electricity supply and water supply to the implementation of targeted projects, we have done a lot in the state.
Mutong Village has already received a scheme of Rs 5 lakh from MP Vincent Pala for this purpose.
The first, second and third place winners of the marathon received cash prizes of 5,000, 3,000 and 2,000 tyngka.
War Pakyntein said that on the 8th of June, they came to meet the EM Elaka at his office and on that day their MDC Pyniaid Syiem was also present. He said that when Bah KP Pangniang, EM Elaka asked a question from Bah Pyniaid, he could not answer the question. 1000 and 80 acres.
The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District today declared a containment zone for the entire Star Cement factory and banned the entry and exit of the public from the factory.
Nangbah Iawmusiang scored the first goal through Manchester Thubru in the 89th minute before the end of the second half. school.
Besides the employees of JMB including S Samse, Junior Engineer, H Passah Assistant Engineer, others who attended the meeting were Larisa Mary Lakadong, IEC Specialist SBM Urban Affairs Department, Shillong, Ajoy. Chaniah Huwa of Tyndowapung, Job Kawlni of Seven Day Adventist University and others.
(The author is the Minister in charge of Education and Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, Government of India).
The Israelites today do not have any festivals except that they try to perform these rituals.
Speaking of films, Salman will be seen in Kisi Ka Bhai Kisi Ki Jaan which will be released on the occasion of Eid and has also starred in Tiger 3 with Katrina Kaif.
Prestone said the Government has already received the funds for the construction of the Circuit House or Meghalaya House.
In a statement, Nongkrem MDC HS Shylla said that the MDCs will show their unity to support the Bills. KHADC approved without counting any party.
Precious Tang scored the third goal for Madanthad in the 7th and 46th minutes.
“On the other hand, the union has burnt the seized drugs and has warned and urged the youths to change their minds.
Doctors in the line of care for poor girls say that mothers from rural areas prefer to give birth at home and this is one of the reasons for the increase in maternal mortality during childbirth. .
Because the inner weapon is defeated, the outer weapon loses its meaning and becomes a waste of the wealth (spent by the Election Commission) of our own people.
Replying to a question by Congress MLA Kamalakhya Dey Purkayastha, the Chief Minister said that the state government has taken special measures to rat dyngkhong for the illegal marriage of children.
Although Pastor David Jamir has lived in Canada, North America for 40 years, he has left the country because he has returned to Shillong to meet with people who have become addicted to alcohol especially u drugs.
I have written many times about this plan of the Government of India in 2021, which has been sent to the Government of Meghalaya to provide accommodation for the workers who will be sent to about 7000 (Nine thousand) villages in the rural areas. The authorities shall not use the drones for 5 years or until the end of the year.
The news of the incident in Laitumkhrah has spread quickly throughout Shillong and even to the rural areas, where many people have phoned the reporter and many have asked about the incident. This is the story of the bomb blast in Laitumkhrah.
Khliehriat jymmang 30: Five children from Jaintia Hills have received the PM-Cares for Children Scheme today due to the loss of their parents due to the outbreak of the coronavirus. Covid-19.
Speaking to reporters after the opening of the Central Election Committee (CEC) meeting, UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh said, “We don't want to be like other parties who don't win many MLAs”.
Jowai, Nailar 25: The Jaintia Body Building and Fitness Association (JBB&FA) has been founded by Samla Yoosar Kynjing of Panaliar village, Jowai with the aim of improving the skills of the youth of Jaintia Hills. in terms of the way of shaping the shape of the body.
“The Central Government's intention to amend the 6th Scheduled has something behind it to completely destroy the culture and traditions of the people,” said many speakers at the meeting.
Thangsning SCC vs Laitjem CC and Hurdles CC vs Combine CC. In the first match between Thangsning SCC and Laitjem CC, Thangsning SCC vs Laitjem CC. Laitjem CC, who won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 145 runs for the loss of five wickets in 20 overs.
According to the teachers of the school, they said that they are very worried about the shortage of teachers in the school, because since the building of the school has been destroyed, they have been facing difficulties even only a place to sit for the students and no more discussion regarding the problems they face during the rainy season.
That day will always be remembered by the whole school.
On these grounds, can you expect us to continue to trust the government?” he said.
The candidates who have already filed their nomination papers from Ranikor are Marwein, MM Danggo from the NPP, PN Syiem from the PDF and Jackiush K Sangma from the PDF. Congress, who filed their nomination papers on Tuesday.
So far, two youths have been reported dead in the shooting by the police.
The authorities have sent their condolences to the family of the security guard who lost his life in the midst of his efforts to fight the robber that night.
Of course, not all children are like that because as human beings we have our own characteristics and interests, but it cannot be said that many of them are well aware of modern technology from TV, Mobile, Computer, Games of all kinds.
Victor Rani has been appointed to the Department of Arts and Culture, Health and Sanitation, Labor Clearance Certificate and Fisheries.
India is in Group A with Japan, Pakistan and Indonesia while Malaysia, Korea, Oman and Bangladesh are in Group B. There are still about 10 players who have participated in the Junior World Cup, such as Yashdeep Siwach, Abhisek Lakra, Manjeet, Vishnukant Singh and Uttam Singh.
Should we just stay behind or should we rethink everything? I think I'm telling the truth, I don't believe I'm exaggerating and I don't have to explain what we're going to do.
For Eastern West Khasi Hills, the date will be on the 24th and the venue will be at Mairang.
Mawkhar SC scored the first goal of the match.
In the mixed doubles, Bentei Lyngdoh and Wandashisha Lyngdoh won, while Dr. LL Mawsor and WL Nonglait won and came second.
Nongpoh, Nailar 29: In order to encourage and encourage the students of Ri Bhoi College to excel in higher education, the management of Ri Bhoi College today honored about 325 students. There are 69 students who have completed their Graduate in Arts and Commerce Stream including 69 students in the 1st Division.
Many of the party leaders, religious leaders and politicians have decided to join the protest to demand the repeal of the decision to pay entrance fees for tourists. religious.
“The demand for these teachers has been going on since
Mamata Banerjee will attend a public meeting to be held at Dilma Apal, Mendipathar in North Garo Hills District on Tuesday evening in the presence of AITC National General Secretary, U.S. Abhishek Banerjee.
It enriches the word 'lade' by taking it from others.
In this regard, the KSU urges all the 60 MLAs to discuss this issue and find ways how to curb the smuggling of drugs in the state and also to pass laws against the smuggling of drugs. has the power to punish drug traffickers as part of the efforts to curb drug trafficking and consumption in the state.
Injustice, corruption and poor governance have been the factors that have affected the development of J & K. income, seeing this, they have started looking for land for political gain, he added.
After being released, they were checked by the Medical Officer, CDMO, Nabi Karim.
He said that the Government through the DREAM (Drug Reduction Elimination and Action Mission) also urges other Dorbar Shnongs to come forward and work with the Government especially to provide land for the construction of health centres. He said that the Mawlai Town Dorbar has already proposed a land for the construction of drug treatment centres.
Then I'll go and clean up for you,” said the brother.
Kiren Rijiju, Minister in charge of State Youth Affairs and Sports, said that as food is essential in the society, we need to preserve the traditional food. and every nation in this land shall be destroyed.
The Deputy Commissioner's Office has issued this statement after directing the Block Development Officers in Ri Bhoi District to be vigilant against the natural disasters. Parts of the Central Bay of Bengal are most affected by heavy rains or cyclones.
Explaining about the incident, Bah R.Mukhim said that he received a tip at 7:30 pm, and as soon as they learned of it, they rushed to the house and found that u The villagers have informed the Nongpoh Police Station who have arrived at the village to conduct investigation.
The second leg will be played at the MFA Turf at Third Ground Polo and the matches will start at 4 pm and will continue until the 27th of July.
Outside of this, you don't have any knowledge because you are from God.
“I believe that through this scheme it will help a lot to the youth who are facing great difficulties especially at a time when the world is talking about the issue of unemployment,” said Bah Metbah.
This is a place where the security is very tight and for this reason, there are many rumors about this place and some people are sure that there are strange creatures or people who from other celestial bodies.
It was also noted that their silence is that they don't even want to understand about the Reservation Policy and Roster System.
The BSF Meghalaya on 11th June, rescued the Muid on the Meghalaya border.
“In my opinion, politicians are the same, they promise heaven and earth but they only promise,” he said.
According to the district magistrate, such activities as smuggling and crime should be protected in order to maintain peace and security in the district.
The ceremony was held at the Parking Lot of the Sein Raij at Ïawmusiang, Jowai on Tuesday evening.
When the police conducted investigation, they found that the two men were in love.
In this regard, nearly 89,000 people are still affected by the floods in the state.
Shillong: The new Executive Committee led by Bah Teinwell Dkhar has been appointed as the Chief Executive Member (CEM).
Regarding this problem, one of the residents of this area said, “We are facing a lot of problems due to the lack of network, sometimes just to inform when we are sick or when we are sick. Even if there are tragic incidents, we cannot announce them in time.
He said that these shops have been allowed to open but they have to comply with the government's directives and follow the protocols of the central government and this will be looked into by the health department of the state. .
Police have registered a case at Khliehriat Police Station under the NDPS Act. NDPS Act.
Samla Ruben said that the inspection was conducted by the union after witnessing that many of the residents of this area are illegal residents and involved in polluting the forest and water wells. Lawsohtun and other neighboring villages.
therefore, as a nation, such myths that I have mentioned and other myths that I have not mentioned should be rejected.
This is due to the fact that the Municipal has not collected the garbage from the villages in Jowai and this is the reason why many people have broken the garbage without finding the garbage along the river. , says the organization.
He said that all this is the failure of the Meghalaya government, and the attack by Assam shows clearly that no matter what is done, it is enough.
The aim of this training center is to encourage the youth to take up football as one of their careers, without forgetting their education.
From Genesis to Revelation, some 55 prophecies about Jesus were announced that he would come to earth.
This topic was brought up by Friedrich von Borries, who wanted to understand the nature of people who live in poverty and then to bring it into their relationship with those who are smart and stingy.
However, the Minister said that the government does not have time to spend on these activities as it still has many things to do and work for the people especially in a few months after the MLA elections. 2023.
Nongpoh, Nailur 16: With only a few months left to the deadline for the re-election of the Leaders of various Constituencies in the State, the election in Ri Bhoi District has been held. In all the constituencies in Ri Bhoi, those candidates who intend to contest have gone ahead to seek the support of the people in order to win them in this election.
So I say that our time is worse than the time of Noah.
Ardent has not yet decided, but will announce soon, said Shangpliang.
Speaking on the BJP rule, Bah Ronnie said that in the past 45 years, the employment crisis has increased during the BJP rule and peace and stability has declined. He also gave an example of the situation in Manipur where the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has not spoken a single word yet.
When God created us, He put wisdom inside us so that we can use it while we are alive here on earth, so it is our duty to use what God has given us. .
It is to be recalled that Bah Justin Sohphoh disappeared from his house on 16th November 2023 while he was leaving his house to fill up the tank with an i2
It is also worth mentioning that Goa has been shown to be able to convert household waste into fertilizer and other types of non-perishable waste are recycled so that it can be reused. one side.
The Congress, which has six MDCs, has three MDCs who have confirmed to contest and these MDCs are Process T Sawkmie from Mawlai, Donevan. Kharwanlang from Sohra and Kimfa Marbaniang from Rambrai constituency.
“He also expressed his concern over the urgency of implementing this issue ahead of the upcoming MP elections next year.
Through this work, there are those who support themselves to complete their studies at higher levels.
"The leader said, 'I have pity on you, you don't know everything.
In another match, Rymbai Shkenshynriah SC beat Rymbai Waahshnong SC 5-1. Ribiang Dkhar scored his first hat-trick of the season after scoring three goals in the 15', 58' & Hikaidame 69' and Roiboklang 90'+2 scored the second goal.
Greatmercy participated in the Loreal Hair Show held at Hotel Blue Raddison, Guwahati in 2019 and reached the final of Mrs. Super Mom
Habandajop Lyngdoh, an employee of SURE, explained how to convert the waste from the kitchen into pig feed and fertilizer for agriculture.
Even if they officially decide by the Cabinet meeting and send it to the Governor, the Governor will not want to play because the decision of the Cabinet meeting will be binding on the Governor and he should listen to the Cabinet meeting.
The EM said that besides these 41 shops, the department will also check whether there are any other shops that are still open. He said that all these 41 shops have been closed today. “It's been closed, it's not allowed anymore,” said Bah Kharkongor. He said that the goods of the shopkeepers can be released only if the shopkeepers come on bail. that the owner does not have the water in the bar state).
h.
M Pakyntein, Head Teacher, Rud Myntdu LPS SSA, expressed her sorrow over this incident which has affected the school and the school authorities to rebuild the school.
The day was enriched by the influx of young men and women who came to take part in the traditional costumes, dances and music.
