The FKJGP War Jaintia Circle (FKJGP) would like to extend its special congratulations to the EE PWD (Roads) Jowai Central Division, Ma M. Tang, SDO, Ma H. Pakynteiñ and JE Ma S. Challam. B Mukhim and General Secretary, Bah KM Khonglah.
From these four persons, police have recovered 41 vials of heroin weighing 46.42 gms, four mobile phones, one plate of snieh rongktieh, one plastic bag. injection syringe, one plastic bag, four empty boxes and one vehicle bearing the number R/No.ML 05 D
Portanri Pakyntei, President of the 20 Shnong Association, said that the 20 Shnong Association has taken this step to hold an indefinite curfew on Leshka. demand for the recruitment of casual laborers who have worked for many years.
“The condition of the road is poor and I will immediately talk to the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) to improve this road,” he said.
Before the start of the programme, a short meeting was held by Stop Phawa, Secretary SMC Cham Cham SS. Phawa Adviser VDP and others.
The ASHAs have decided to go on strike as the government has not listened to their demands despite their requests from time to time.
After receiving a tip from the BSF, they conducted a search operation and in fear, the robbers threw away their clothes and fled to the forest areas.
In many of the villages, it was seen that the village authorities have worked with the District Administration to line up the people so that they do not stand and approach each other (social distance) in the area. Village officials are also present to look after the people who come to buy.
“Instead of paying attention to the words of others, Mukul should pay attention to the enemies within his own family.
CATHOLIC CHURCH, PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, CHURCH OF GOD, BAPTIST CHURCH and so on.
I would like to thank the CEM and the Prime Minister for helping us to get the land, which is like a dream that I didn't expect to come true today.
The number one problem urban areas face is, congestion.
The meeting was chaired by Dr DRL Nonglait President of KAS and Bah Phrikshon Kharshiing General Secretary. two organizations.
Referring to the issuance of a license to Maheshwari Private Limited, Teinwell said the KHADC has suspended the renewal of its license after the EC Many complaints have been received and the EC has handed over the matter to the EM of Trade to take the necessary action.
However, with the online services, the children have had the opportunity to see again their friends whom they used to meet regularly at the children's services, they have also been able to watch games and other programs that help that they may grow up in the wisdom and knowledge of God.
Stating that Meghalaya is facing the problem of infiltration, the union home minister assured that the Bharatiya Janata Party government will not allow a single person to intrude into Meghalaya.
Neymar is one of the most expensive players when PSG bought him for £198m in
The Executive Members of the Unit were also confirmed.
Chandra Kanta Das was Chairman, Assam Electricity Board in 2008, Advisor to the Chief Minister of Assam from 2011 and since then, he has been involved in the development of Assam Electricity Board. public service work.
He said that recently at the party meeting they had discussed this issue in relation to the Reservation Policy and the party itself is convinced that the recruitment policy should be changed.
A man has been suspected to have fallen into a truck (AS01 KC 6574) parked on the road at Phramer, West Jaintia Hills.
According to Albinus, it is understood that the relationship between the MDC and MLA in Umroi constituency has become increasingly distant and they are going their own way.
Regarding the lack of communication equipment, it was also noticed that there are towers erected in Umwai, Wahlong and Mawlong villages on the road to Shella, but some have not been operational yet.
The Bronze medal winners were Ms Anjali Singh in the 10 Meter Rifle-MQS (Women) and Bah Dennyson Kyrsain in the 10 Meter Rifle-ISSF (Men – Senior).
She expressed her happiness that she has been able to act with Pyllaitmitre, the most popular tyngshop.
The Meghalaya Luxury Vehicles Incentive Scheme has been launched to provide 50 per cent subsidy for luxury vehicles.
A welcome speech was delivered by I TBn.
However, according to the RTI reply received from the government, the government has not spent a single penny for the film and the government has no knowledge of the film as all the works have been done. known only by the producer of the film.
Meghalaya's leading batsman Rubi Chetri scored 58 runs unbeaten and Sanchisa Sangma contributed 17 unbeaten runs to help Meghalaya reach the target of 122/2 in 40 overs.
Shillong, Lber 16: Bangladesh is known as a Muslim country, with almost all the population of the country according to the census. .
“The village authorities have forced me to resign from this post but I have not yet resigned from this post,” said Kong Nongbri.
Mawkyrwat, 'Naitung, 15: The South West Khasi Hills District has begun to appear in the number of beautiful tourist attractions, although it is still a young district compared to other districts in the country. Meghalaya has been separated from West Khasi Hills District on 03rd July,
He said that on 23rd June 2023, the government has appointed about six members including two former MLAs and four office bearers of the parties within the government to serve as MLAs. Co-Chairman and Vice Chairman of various Councils, Committees and Commissions.
These Rangbah did not complain or complain that the people elected them.
Where is the ILP? How much mark do you give it? How many marks do you give to it? it's just light for a while.
A little about Saul, Saul was a Jewish theologian and a student of Gamaliel.
:The Khasi song “Ïaid bad phi” has been released on the 14th of June
When asked whether he is ready to leave the TMC, George said, “You will know all this later because the MP election has nothing to do with me as a member of the TMC. it was another different role because it was too outside the party.
The DIPR department alone has spent more than T.50 lakh in the newspapers, said the statement. MEPA is very disappointed that even the Christmas and New Year greetings of the Minister The Association of Journalists (Journalists) demands that these fees should be released immediately to the owners of newspapers in Meghalaya. This was a statement by Mr RM Shabong, President, Meghalaya Editors & Publishers Association (MEPA).
But this proves that our players are good enough to come back with a goal.
Published in the Gazette of Meghalaya on 4th June,
India now follows the US, Brazil and Russia.
The implementation of the police chiefs in relation to the periodic inspections of the prisons across the state has helped to curb the use of mobile phones by the prisoners.
[vi] AVOID VISUALIZATION:— The use of smartphones, TV, computers or laptops is more likely to distract and less likely to cause sleep deprivation.
Samehi Laloo, President Rotary Club Jowai and welcome speech by Rtn.
We also read about the Jewish Nation or Israel in other books of the Bible.
In the presence of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Law Department, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, the HYC demanded that the Ordinance should be repealed.
After this, Meghalaya's next batsmen fell quickly and the team was still able to score 157/7 with only 57 balls left to reach the target of 63 runs remaining to win.
He also said that this is just his opinion, perhaps it may not be so.
Participants from various colleges from Ribhoi District, West Jaintia Hills District and East Khasi Hills District took part in the tournament.
Laitumkhrah Police Station has registered a Suo-Moto case against Bless Dkhar over the news and videos circulating on social media, which prove that the Sengbhalang leader has collected money from trucks. kit mar, that he may help them to pass through the Damsite Bridge.
Assam – The territories specified in the Province of Assam, the Khasi States and the Assam Tribal Areas, but excluding the territories specified in the Schedule to the Assam (Alteration of Boundaries) Act, 1951 4 [ and the territories specified in sub-section (1) of section 3 of the State of Nagaland Act, 1962] 5 [and the territories specified in sections 5, 6 and 7 of the North-Eastern Areas (Reorganisation) Act, 1971] 6 [and the territories referred to in Part I of the Second Schedule to the Constitution (One Hundredth Amendment) Act, 2015, notwithstanding anything contained in clause (a) of section 3 of the Constitution (Ninth Amendment) Act, 1960, so far as it relates to the territories referred to in Part I of the Second Schedule to the Constitution (One Hundredth Amendment) Act, 2015.
There will also be a lucky draw, the 1st prize will be a Maruti Celerio, the 2nd prize will be T.50,000/- and the 3rd prize will be a Refrigerator.
It is alleged that Ngaitlang, his brothers Sniawbhalang Dhar and Prestone Tynsong have tried to leave the Congress by fleeing to another party before the upcoming MLA elections.
Speaking to media, Bah Donroy Kshiar, Asst General Secretary of the HNYF, NR, said that the reason why the HNYF has closed down these banks is after receiving information that these banks have been closed down. Banks have opened and operated without honoring the day, which the state government has celebrated as the Last Day of Honor for the Governor of the State.
Speaking on the occasion, Governor V. Shanmuganathan said, “Each of you is precious, you are an inspiration to others and your confidence gives hope to others,” he said. He said this in an interview with the students of these schools.
Ardent said that the Central Government's resignation by the Governor who speaks only Hindi and does not speak English is an insult and disrespect to the people of Meghalaya, which many of them I don't understand Hindi.
He said that the tree planting method according to Akira Miyawaki is for the reforestation of syllen areas and per 10 square meter three trees including large and small trees have been planted. and when they are grown, the place where the trees are planted shall be like a forest.
Please ensure that you do not observe social distancing during the distribution of food.
The problem is that even the police cannot arrest these cows, because the shalan shows that these cows were taken to Ladrymbai and the union urges the police to investigate. detailed because it always happens that the business of stolen Cattle is cheated and committed fraud in regard to documents.
This is a slavery that the government should free immediately.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Government of India, Health Departments of the State and Union Territory Governments, Non-Governmental Organizations working in the field of health, foreign organizations, and others participated in many meetings to discuss and ask questions on issues related to vaccination and also to develop procedures and rules.
The Assam Environment and Forest Department has issued a warning on the use, manufacture, delivery, storage, sale and use of plastic bottles containing less than 1000 ml of water in the state. will be effective from March 2,
Speeches were delivered by the State President of YHAI Meghalaya Branch, Bah SL Rapthap, Vice President Babu Kular Khongjirem. Fabian Syiem, Convenor of Ribhoi Unit Saibor Syiem, State Secretary of YHAI Meghalaya, Debashish Chakrabarty and others.
Nagaland lost all their wickets for the loss of 22 wickets in reply to Meghalaya by 109 runs. Tied again for the second innings, Nagaland scored 53 runs for the loss of three wickets.
They thought there and when they understood that he had said that if they went to look for him he would be with them, they agreed and started this work which the Khasi call 'U Thaw-ar' ( who are greedy for money, who are greedy for wealth, and who do not obey the righteousness of God.
According to sources, the Waheh Shnong of Muskut, Bah Kyrsiew Kharbithai, was returning from Ummulong village with a friend when he was attacked by people who appeared to be 14 or 15 people.
Other speakers on the occasion were J.Kharpuri, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, M.War, General Manager, South West Khasi Hills District. West Khasi Hills District.
Nongstoiñ, June 24: The residents of Malangkona area have expressed their dissatisfaction with the social boundary settlement agreement signed between the two states by transferring some of the villages within the boundary of the Nonglang Sirdarship to Assam. , has prompted many political parties to visit the area to listen to the voice of the people to find out the truth.
In the women's category, OM Roy won four gold, three silver and three bronze medals, while Kiddies Corner Secondary School came second with a gold medal. three gold and three bronze medals.
It is alleged that these attackers came with the intention of attacking only non-Khasi people.
Research: you don't have to be a researcher; sani is not detailed.
It is to be recalled that the SSA teachers recently said that they have not received their salaries for three months which has caused them a lot of trouble in all aspects.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: U Conrad K Sangma (young son of Purno A Sangma) has rejected the allegation by Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, that the victory of the NPP is due to the lack of When asked how he feels about the allegation, he said, “In fact, I don't want to say anything else. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate, but to accuse is unfounded,” he said.
He said that the time has come to replace the leader and he asked for the support of the people to elect him and the RDA to take action to defend the interests of the state.
Since 1972, we have seen many struggles, attempts, struggles as a Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep to provide for each other, and there have been many incidents that have occurred because of incidents in the Lyoh Hima ( State of Meghalaya).
“Isn't this money for buying votes?” “How clean the RO of WJH is, we will see,” said one of the elders of Ladthadlaboh who came to witness the raid.
The meeting also strongly opposed the government's ban on government employees from holding village and party posts.
The program was inaugurated by Kodero Jiro, Counselor, Economic Section, Japanese Embassy in India as the chief guest. Project Coordinator of Grant Grassroot at the Japanese Embassy in India, by Sr.
These include EGH: 01, EJH: 06, EKH: 168, NGH: 02, RBD: 46, SGH: 01, SWGH: 07, SWKH: 16, WGH: 45, WJH: 50 and WKH:
Delhi, Jymmang 22: Congress President Sonia Gandhi today rejected the resignation letter submitted by Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi. Assam Agriculture Minister Nilomani Sen Deka told reporters after their meeting with Gogoi.
At the same time, the investigation should lead to the arrest and imprisonment and trial of those members of the 'jaitbynriew' separately so that it does not end in accusations.
Dr Mukul Sangma took over as Prime Minister in 2010 but only two months later there was a protest to overthrow him but he remained without anyone to overthrow him.
The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) has issued an order to close down the Pinewood Hotel because it does not have a place to dispose of wastewater. The waste from the hotel is dumped into the river.
According to police officials, two members of the Punjab gang were arrested near ITI Sunderbani on Tuesday.
The JAC has also expressed its dissatisfaction with the call of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo, to the drivers. dewthala ia the Department of Vehicles and the Government as a whole.
Daryl Mitchell top scored with 134 runs from 119 balls (9x4s & 7x6s), while captain Kane Williamson scored 134 runs off 119 balls (9x4s & 7x6s). He scored 69 runs off 73 balls (8x4s & 1x6s).
In the first match between Mawkriah West SC and Risa Colony SC which started at 2 pm, the match came to an end without any goal. These two teams will not be awarded 10 points.
Dr. Bishnoi said that this inspection is not only for the sake of peace and order but also because he has received complaints from the public regarding the excessive number of drunkards and traffickers. drugs and the need to bring peace to the communities.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Committee on Women Empowerment (WEC) of the Legislative Assembly has summoned the heads of the Social Welfare Department of the State to explain how and how it has conducted and committed violence against women. especially power and other activities.
When asked what she thinks of the work of Pynursla MLA Prestone Tynsong, she said she doesn't want to criticize or speak against anyone.
Shillong: Nongthymmai SC have reached the final of the Second Division Football League (SSA) after beating Jongksha SC 4-2 in the first semifinal of the Shillong SSA on Tuesday. Polo Ground, Shillong.
It is not wrong to say that the rule of Mulul Sangma is a 'corruption pandemic' or a corruption epidemic, because the above are life and death and his government has no feelings for the corruption. society and even future generations.
He said that this step taken by the government to find solutions is different from the steps taken in the past to address these issues, but now The Government will have to consider it on many aspects in order to look at the truth of history and also on the current circumstances to take any decision.
What does our inclusion in the 6th Schedule mean?? Does it mean that the Constitution empowers us to pass our own laws and regulations through our district councils?
With this victory, Lajong have come back into second place with 15 points, two goals ahead of Mawlai SC who have one more game against Nangkiew Irat.
The book, written in English, is entitled "Ka Phan Nonglait, A Lady Freedom Fighter of India"
“If we are in anything, the nation is the only one”.
Shillong: On the 20th of this month, Bangladeshi robbers entered the Indian border, along with boats equipped with 05 engines, in the Hari (Myntdu) River. ) of West Jaintia Hills District, with intent to steal.
The Meghalaya State Organic Mission 2.0 aims to convert 100,000 hectares of land to organic farming.
He said, “I have laid the foundation of the earth, and I have created man upon it.
The first match started at 9:30 pm, where Mawreng SC won by beating Mawpat SC 2-1
“I'll wait a while if I'm late I'll leave.
On the proposal to hold elections in new MDC constituencies, HDR Lyngdoh said it will be up to the three ADCs to expedite the process.
Shortly after, it was revealed that the protest was led by the 'Sur u Paidbah'
Others expressed the same voice.
Shillong: The Youth Wing of KHNAM, on Tuesday said that the state government has started the second phase of the border settlement between Assam and Meghalaya. He said that before the signing of the MUA-2 between the two Chief Ministers, the government should bring to the State Legislative Assembly its intention before the signing of the MUA-2 signed a border with Assam.
Until now, Bah Mawthoh said he did not want to say anything as he was still under investigation.
Supercare Hospital was founded in 2005 by Dr Rangksan Singh Thangkhiew and in 2021 after 16 years of service, it received recognition from NABH Entry-Level on 5th March March 2021.
You don't have a spirit in the field.
Samlin also asked Titos how many UDP MLAs there are who can change the government if the UDP candidate from Sohiong, Synshar Lyngdoh, wins.
Dr. Myrboh said that the attempts of some to spread the voice of the people after the elections in this regard will only lead to defeat and disappointment.
“We need to strengthen Public Transportation. There are many vehicles that have been stopped, but this happens because of poor management.
Therefore, he said that if the government does not fix this job quota now, it will put pressure on the youth in the next 20 years who will not get government jobs.
Applications after this date will not be accepted.
The Union also informed that the ambulance has been installed at Amlarem where all the sick in the area can use it, said a statement from Daniel Khongsit, President and Siangmin Lacuna Secretary. Union of Village Leaders, Amlarem.
Khliehriat Lber 31: The Road Safety Week program in East Jaintia Hills District has been held today.
Regarding the reply of the Soil, four women who sought RTI said that the claim of the Soil that it has planted up to 7 hectares of land is unfounded as Mawkisyiem does not have a land area of ​​up to 7 hectares. .
One of the reasons for the decline in education according to the report is that the State Government has not been able to meet the needs of teachers in their schools, including the payment of salaries.
Many of these MLAs are now preparing to leave for other parties like the UDP, NPP and BJP. The TMC has also faced a problem after two MLAs have left the BJP while one has joined the TMC. The TMC has also faced a problem after a few months after one MLA left. However, even the UDP has been affected by the fact that one MLA has left to join the BJP. Four MLAs, half of them are ready to leave to join the NPP and HSPDP, which has two MLAs, all are ready to leave to join other parties to contest the upcoming MLA elections. .
The program was conducted by Bah HK Thabah ADC and CEO DDMA, Nongstoin.
“Although they don't have enough land, but with their hard work and dedication to cut the trees, they have been able to reach and harvest the clean soh,” said Bah Kharjahrin.
Speaking on the occasion were Ampareen Lyngdoh, Chief Advisor to the State Government Lahkmen Rymbui, Shella MLA Balajied Kupar Synrem and Sohra MLA Gavin Mylliem.
During the conversation with Bah Skendrowell, he met with the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Bah Phrestar Syiemlieh who is still the Syiem.
The seven border disputes are Langpih in West Khasi Hills District, Borduar in West Khasi Hills District, Block-II in Ri Bhoi District and Block-I in Psiar-Khanduli in West Jaintia Hills District. Hills district.
“God works in ways I can't imagine and I can't understand," she said.
This team is in stark contrast to the Meghalaya team which participated in the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy T20 recently.
Lyngdoh said the investigation team will be headed by a Deputy Superintendent of Police and a Circle Inspector.
However, on the replies received through the RTI, the Seng was surprised, how can a new tender be called for the work when only the money for the 2nd installment is not available, how can the MLA of Jowai say that unless The construction of the Iawmusiang Shopping Complex has been started.
Therefore, avoid mixing with other nations.
Fenela said she did not receive a single explanation from the HSPDP but was buried alive.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Northern Region has urged the neighboring villages of Mawsiat Khnam, East Khasi Hills to strongly oppose the proposal to sell the land of Mawsiatkhnam Village authorized by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima. Assam Rifle.
The story begins with the first Hok and will continue forever, which cannot be reached through the life of every soul born from the Hok Ka Shi Kyntien ka Bri U Hynniewtrep. Khasi, we must also understand the golden and silver thread of the relationship from the ancestors and the original ancestors of mankind through the sacred mountain of Sohpetbneng, and from the golden and silver thread the Khasi religion was shaped. – Niamtre.
Regarding the MLA Election 2023 campaign, the Volunteer For A Better Jaintia will send a letter to all the Waheh Shnongs to be vigilant on the Campaigns or public meetings in their villages by political parties should not mislead the youth or distribute alcoholic beverages and money.
These doctors of Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy (AYUSH) are appointed under the scheme of the Rashtriya Bal Swasthya Karnataka (RBSK) and these doctors are appointed on contract basis. for which they receive a salary of Rs 22,000 per month.
Before the ARPA MDCs met the Governor at his residence at Raj Bhawan, sources said that the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has resigned and submitted his resignation letter. This was handed over to the Chairperson of KHADC, Teilinia Thangkhiew.
She said that because she did not sign, the BDO said that they don't have the knowledge to work in their job in all the schemes, and she said that they don't do anything, but from the She said that they have gone around the area to inspect the works.
The Rangbah Shnongs of Nongthymmai Pyllun on Saturday expressed their strong opposition to the MUDA's land grabbing outside the Municipal as it not only causes problems to the people in the construction of houses. However, there may be an intention to expand the boundary of the Shillong Municipality and later they will introduce various laws and to hold elections which the government has long wanted after failing in the elections. last year.
This was done only to receive grants and schemes such as Midday Meal and Midday Grant and so on.
Arborhima Darnei, MDC of the National People's Party (NPP) from Saipung, has joined the United Democratic Party (UDP) to give his full support to Shitlang Pale, MLA from Sutnga Saipung Constituency. MLA elections this time.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr. Batskhem Myrboh, Spokesperson of the Seng, said that as the Party has led the demand to amend the Reservation Policy and proposed to appoint an Expert Committee, appointed by the Government, because they have all members of this Committee from Judges, University Teachers and others especially those who know the work well.
When the post mortem was conducted, it was said that the death of the policeman may have been due to a heart attack.
Tanushree also defeated Sreyashi Chakraborty of Tripura 11-5, 11-2, 11-7, 11-13, 11-9 in the women's singles.
The Internet Corporation of Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) has announced that it will begin repairing the Internet address, the Domain Name System (DNS) to prevent cybercriminals from destroying the internet. internet.
The Hill State protest is to get a full State according to the boundaries of the three ADCs, KHADC, JHADC and GHADC. The boundaries of KHADC are according to the boundaries of the Hima Khasi.
The All India Trinamool Congress on Tuesday announced three more candidates for the Legislative Assembly elections, including Robinus Syngkon from Raliang, Longsing Bey from Nongpoh and Stepborne Kupar Synrem from Mawlai. .
“If it wasn’t for my mom coming, we wouldn’t have known about it.
At the same time, Prestone said he was saddened to hear that the NPP candidate, Bah Kanang, who although he is only a citizen but during the COVID-19 pandemic, has been able to give to provide assistance to the people who have faced similar problems in the area.
, has lodged a complaint with the police that since 30th July 2019 and until today, some of his colleagues, have alleged that he is involved in the murder of Kong Iohbianghun Sahkhar, through various articles, which they have posted on that social media.
Meanwhile, Meghalaya has not won any medals in all categories.
Total of those who have been vaccinated for the first time are 32,860 and 18,390 have completed the second vaccination.
The Minister also listened to the speeches of the doctors and farmers and said that the central government will provide the necessary assistance so that the problems of these doctors and farmers will be reduced.
Rivers like Kupli, Myntdu, Lukha, Waikhyrwi, Lunar, Kwai, Thlumuwi are no longer clean and there are rivers whose PH level of water is only 5 and is no longer suitable for use too.
Shillong, March 27: On the 19th and 20th of this month, a man from Golf Link has lodged a complaint that Rihan S Au had phoned him and threatened to kidnap her. your son.
The police team was led by Bitching N Marak, Circle Inspector of Tura.
Babu Peace be upon you.
There has been strong criticism of the northern governments for granting too many licenses to logging factories and plywood factories.
The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) on Tuesday set up a Core Committee to discuss the issue of the Roster System.
Those who attended the function included Stephanie, M. Rapsang, General Secretary, Coming One Joy Tlang and others.
Then there are sports such as judo, shooting, swimming, cycling, golf and weightlifting.
To take to the streets, you need to have the understanding of the party.
Besides, it is also prohibited to set up shops on the day along the procession route, namely Dhankheti-Shillong Jowai Road, Laitumkhrah Main Road and Don Bosco Square.
It is on this basis that the Congress party in the KHADC demands that a special session should be convened to discuss who did this to clarify because it was not as discussed.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 24: The office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoiñ, today informed the public that the District Consumer Dispute Redressal Commission (DCRC) has been operational in the district.
Khasi Grammar is urgently needed from the lower classes.
We have also seen the peace talks with the ANVC which ended with a social agreement between the central government, the state government and the ANVC and problems may arise in the implementation of the agreement.
Is it ours, is it God's, or is it merely color and character?
The Kur Sookpoh Khad-Ar Wyrnai has come forward to recognize and honor the Bodybuilders who have won the competitions in various categories.
The Holy Spirit lived and was with Jesus and empowered Him while Jesus was on earth (Ministry).
Suji – 2 kgs per 15 customers.
Shillong, July 8: The Youth Wing of the Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has sent a petition to the Minister of State for Information and Technology, Ampareen Lyngdoh. KHNAM, on the occasion of the job allocation in the telecom departments, alleged that these departments have not provided any jobs to the unemployed youth of the state and KHNAM, said that the contractors or companies also should fall under this category of the State Government.
The Committee strongly criticizes the government for acting blindly and unfairly regarding the loss of coal and ore supplied to the coal factories in East Jaintia Hills District. The government collects revenues and can also reduce the price of petrol and diesel in the state.
According to the letter sent to the EC, Bah Syiem said that he did not lodge a PIL against the District Council as an executive member of the Dorbar Shnong Jaiaw Laitdom but as a private individual.
Shillong: A public meeting of the residents of Lumshnong in collaboration with the Sengbhalang, today, was held to give permission for the Star Cement has increased its production capacity from 9 lakh tonnes to 25 lakh tonnes per annum.
The Third Division Football Tournament for the 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has won the third division football tournament. on Thursday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Ladthadlaboh, Jowai.
Because she understands that sin will soon be revealed.
However, Lajong coach Alison Kharsyntiew has used players including Novin Gurung and Rakesh Pradhan from behind and others like Samuel, Mahesh, Sheen and others in front.
The program was enriched by a song about the disease by the students of Women's College, Shillong, BSW Department 3rd Semester.
Noting that the Government is looking for ways and means, he said he understands the greatness and responsibility of teachers.
He said that without good roads it will not be possible to bring about changes through economic development and if the villages are in poverty in many areas such as agriculture and other activities. but without the road, how can they market those products and this is also one of the biggest questions.
Speaking to media, the BWC and HNYF officials said that it is necessary to preserve and respect these things on the border and especially these Mawbynna in Khanapara, because of the The presence of these Mawbynna confirms Meghalaya's ownership of Khanapara, which is also close to the Assam capital, Guwahati.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Shillong Women Football League (SSA) has reached the semi-finals of the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) and the final will be played on 24th June
She is known as Spelity Lyngdoh Langrin. Through the teachings of this beloved mother, nine of her children and grandchildren will continue the path she has been taught to fight against uranium.
In the second match of the tournament, Laitkyrhong Sports and Cultural Club beat Mawkasiang FC 1-0
He said that the youth should not listen to such propaganda, and “we will not allow religious politics”.
“The village itself confirms the decision not to give this money to the Hima, because it belongs to the Shnong and not to the Hima. the money should be spent for the development of the village".
The meeting, under the leadership of MLA Bah Sanbor Shullai, decided that the hospital should close the road to the morgue near the Red Cross. They also suggested that the hospital should provide places to dispose of used thyrnia so that it does not affect the visitors. injuries to the paid pedestrians.
The UDP has improved from 7 to 11 seats, the PDF has dropped to 2 out of 4 seats and the HSPDP has remained the same with only 2 seats while the Congress has won only 5 seats. and the TMC which has 12 ready made MLAs from 12 to
The Chief Minister said this while speaking at the annual meeting of the hospital at Mawdiangdiang, Shillong on Friday.
A case has been registered against the suspect at Khliehriat Police Station and the investigation is ongoing to track down the drug traffickers.
The Seng also warns the UPFKL that if it wants to fight, the Seng is ready to stand up and also if anything happens to the Khasi blood. Shillong: The Assam Government and the Meghalaya Government should take responsibility for these areas, according to a statement sent by Juhi Tariang, Spokesperson of the KSU WJHDU. Sangma on Tuesday said that there has been a delay in setting up its own state university, but now after 50 years, the Government has come forward to set up a state university. began.
The Chief Minister will implement this program by planting trees at Leit Thiepbah near the Mawphlang Law Kyntang at 9 pm on that day.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills, has imposed a curfew from 7 pm to 5 pm from 19th November
Referring to the demand for Khasi State, Pangniang said the HSPDP will work with the GSMC from Garo Hills to demand their own Garo State. They will send a letter to the Central Government to demand a state to sign.
He said there are 7 schools affiliated to the CISCE and 32 schools affiliated to the Central Board of School Education (CBSE) in the state.
In Gaza, tens of thousands have fled their homes from Israel's massive offensive, which has destroyed large and multi-story buildings. the army of Israel.
The UGC on Monday issued a statement saying that an Expert Committee has been set up to investigate the allegations against it.
She said that the signboards have been placed around the city including at 30 places in Mawlai, Jaiaw, Motphran, Mawlong Market, Khlieh Market, Jhalupara, Khyndai Lad, Rilbong, Laitumkhrah, Nongthymmai and Madanrting. , Rynjah, Polo Market and other public places.
Through higher targets for electricity from renewable sources and reductions in emissions, the Modi Government continues to empower the future of India’s energy-sectors.
In the fields, they also cultivate Phankaro, Riewhadem, Wang and Tyrso, which are not good either.
Referring to the other seven MDCs who have resigned, Kynta said there is no other option for them except to contest again in a new election.
He said that Prestone has sent them to meet with the Director of MePDCL to get more clarification on other issues related to the smart meter contract which costs more than Rs 113 crore.
“Under the rule of the MDA Government, all the workers in the state are facing difficulties.
Therefore, eating this type of soh is the best way to improve the body's metabolism especially during the hot season.
The owner of Leicester City, was inside his helicopter when it crashed, leaving the club's stadium at 9pm last night. after the game was over at the stadium.
The deceased include Welborn Nongkseh, 7 years old, who died at Usmning CHC and Bamyniatoi Rympeit, 7 years old, who died at Bethany Hospital Nongpoh this morning. The full names of the deceased have not yet been released.
Khliehriat: The MPUF-EJHD led by its president, Bah Michal Chyrmang, has submitted a petition to the CEM of JHADC demanding that the The government has revoked the approvals for three coke factories in Rymbai District and two in Sutnga District in East Jaintia Hills.
Speaking at a meeting of ASHAs organized by the District Medical and Health Officers East Khasi Hills with the support of the National Health Mission at the Soso Tham Auditorium today, Bah Hek said that thanks to the Asha who have worked tirelessly to bring complete health to the villagers.
Shillong: On 11th June, 2024 at 12:05 pm, BSF troops on the India-Bangladesh border in Hawaitila saw a man walking towards Lakroh Nala, near the India-Bangladesh border. border with Bangladesh.
If there is no milk, these things are blad suda, therefore, milk is the most important thing in human life, not only in human life but also in other parts of human life. although it is tame compared to other commodities.
It is your right, but how is the difference between the Congress leaders in MP and Kerala.
It is time for the government to think again despite the many challenges we face.
This has surprised the union, because in June, the Garo community was still using the NOC to issue NOCs to the Hmar and Punjabi community and it is for this reason that the union has forced to suspend these Rangbah Shnong. Garro.
The union started the raid from Splendid Restaurant at 5 pm but did not find anything, and then went to the market to the shops where the Khasi live. They seized only a few liters of kyiad from two shops and some beer and kyiad phareng.
Shillong: The KSU Mawlai Circle, through the hard work of one of the officers of the KSU Mawlai Mawroh Unit, yesterday, at about 2:30 pm, arrested five persons including a drug dealer.
The silver medal winners were Dulang Dhar in the 54 Kg category and Tredicia Lamare in the 54 Kg category.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that in the 50 years that the state has passed, but we have seen those foreign consultants who have brought in and stolen tens of lakhs of crores from me and you.
“Due to the decline in per capita income, we have become the state with the highest per capita income decline than other states like Uttar Pradesh and this has created unemployment. The outstanding MGNREGA scheme is about T.320 crore,” he said.
At around 2.30 pm on Sunday, a strong fire broke out at the KJP Girls Higher Secondary School and Hostel in Mawkhar, Shillong.
As the chief guest, Bah Sosthenos Sohtun thanked the Capuchin Father's for their service to the school in providing education to the children of this area which has benefited many. on education which is in accordance with the modern technology.
Kamailad Susngi, Chairman Arts and Culture Committee, SKSR-12 Daloi also delivered a welcome speech and Rgh Barding Sari from Seiñraij Mukhla spoke about the life of Kiang Nangbah.
The church authorities said that his priesthood at Mankuva St Thomas, near Adimali, has been temporarily suspended.
In their opinion, it was a city because it was completely clean.
For example, Education is not on the concurrent list.
He also talked to them on many other issues that troubled them.
The residents who were present in this room, raised their hands to express their support for these projects of the factory.
Some have accepted but many have not accepted even though they have already received the form to open an account.
The meeting was also attended by the Health Secretaries and Chief Officers of all the five North Eastern States of Assam, Meghalaya, Tripura, Arunachal Pradesh, Sikkim, Manipur, Mizoram and Nagaland as well as the Union Secretary. East, Secretary North Eastern Council and Joint Secretary in charge of the North East in the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and Chief Executive Officer of the NITI Aayog.
He was admitted to Khliehriat CHC on 30th June
In another match, Meghalaya will face Puducherry in the U-19 Cooch Behar Trophy plate group at Anantapur, Andhra Pradesh from tomorrow.
The Excise Department has prompted hundreds of residents of Pommura and Mawryngkneng to gather together to express their voice against the establishment of Winestore.
Wendy Nongtdu scored the first goal in the 68th minute.
The ILP itself focuses only on over-flow communities.
As usual, Behdieñkhlam began with a ritual known as 'Ku Neiñ' in which the children of the raij Tuber from the north or south climb to the north and after meeting at the place where in the middle they rejoiced with the sound of the bomb and the tangmuri.
Therefore, other options must be considered.
In West Garo Hills, there are 6 cases including 4 high risk cases and 2 screening cases.
BSF PRO SK Singh said that the BSF will also lead 30 personnel from India to Bangladesh and these will include 26 school children. India should allow Bangladeshi children to study in India and local children should also be allowed to study in Bangladesh.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) and the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) on Tuesday met with the Deputy Commissioner of WKH, Bah Garod LSN Dykes. He urged him to strengthen security in the border villages of WKH and Assam.
At home, she struggles to provide for herself and runs out of wood to cook kiad.
A border clash in Khanduli area of ​​West Jaintia Hills District on Friday has caused Karbi mobs to damage a vehicle used by the Superintendent of Police (SP) of West Jaintia Hills District. , u Bah Chemphang Syrti, after a Karbi man was injured in the shooting by the residents of Khanduli.
The CHC will be closed until 4th March 2020, the report said.
Perhaps the BJP wants to win votes from the people by introducing the UCC. We will have to see how it will be especially in this Legislative Assembly.
In his speech, he said, “My soldiers will not order you to stay indoors.
He urged the government to empower the KJBWA to manage the smuggling of cows as it knows well who are the rightful traders and who are not intending to smuggle to Bangladesh.
Therefore, they may be deficient only in the field of education, due to the lack of opportunities in those early days but not because they are not completely inadequate in all aspects.
Three trucks used to transport and sell these goods were seized.
He said that the students who study for three years find it difficult to get 60 marks.
“This Wanpli Mary Lyngdoh Sawkmie has violated the order of the director to stay in her quarter, which is illegal and the CSWO appreciates the courage of this young woman to protest against the wrongdoing. I hope that other women who have experienced such things will come forward,” said Kong Agnes.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the farmers, Bah P.Kharmon from Mawpynthih village, said, “We have heard that the government has not provided fertilizer to them. I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, nobody teaches me, nobody explains, how can I do it? “It's not organic,” said Bah Kharmon, who explained that they have heard that organic farming is a method of farming that they have to use fertilizer.
These students include SSLC, HSSLC and degrees and the award was given to 14 students who were in charge of the cleanliness of Amlarem market.
Before the Rajya Sabha MP elections, the only MLA of KHNAM, Bah Rit Adelbert Nongrum, has expressed his position that the NPP is a close ally of the NDA. (controlled) by the BJP in Delhi and also by the party that supports the CAA in the Lok Sabha.
But to bury myself I cannot say yes.
Those who have been infected with bseiñ should be taken immediately to health facilities such as hospitals but should not be treated by pharmacists.
Before the award ceremony, a short speech was delivered by the Chief Guest, Bah ES Majaw who expressed his precious words of encouragement to the community. They are very proud of the nation and especially the ability of this group of youths to organize this Khasi Traditional Costume Competition 2022 which is very successful.
D. Passah explained about the Prime Minister's Employment Generation Program (PMEGP) which was launched in 2008 and is implemented by the Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME).
Sherin – 9447307947, Dr.Sr.
“If it is delayed further, it will lead to a problem where the applicants will expire the age of application,” the union said.
The tournament was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) as part of the celebration of the Golden Jubilee of the Association. .
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 15: The village headmen of Umwali village in Langpih area, Bah Teiborlin Nonglang, sordar of Umwali village, together with former sordar phiborlin Syiemïong, have allegedly led a group of them with a puh shilum. They went to the farm of Sngewbhalin Paliar, which they have been cultivating for many years and they have destroyed all the synsar trees planted in that area.
It may be recalled that on the 20th of November; Police have arrested two persons on charges of planning to meet HNLC leaders in Bangladesh.
When asked how long it will take for the transfer of power, he said it may be after the counting of votes in the MDC elections of GHADC. If the Congress does not come to power, Mukul Sangma will lose but if the Congress wins more seats, Mukul's seat will become stronger.
After this, Dr Mukul Sangma did not say whether he accepted the proposal or welcome of the MLA of Pynursla constituency.
Participants in the program were Vikas Kumar, Superintendent of Police, Denisha Momin, Medical Superintendent; Torali Marak-Child Development Project Officer and Matgrik K Sangma-District Nodal Officer, District Mental Health Programme, School Students and Teachers.
Shillong: U Bah Robinshai Rani, 28, resident of Umlyngka, Shillong, on Tuesday, July 29, 2021, has been shot dead by a man named Bah Robinshai Rani. Upper Shillong, has lost his life after drowning in the Umiam Mawkhyndew River.
There are also NGOs who have appealed to the Governor to pass the ordinance as soon as possible but the Governor has not listened to them. NGOs that this Governor no longer has the right to be the Governor of Meghalaya will further distance the work between the Governor and our state.
“All the discrimination against the Dkhars should be abolished and those who have been discriminated against by the Dkhars should be ordered to be discriminated against by the Dkhars,” he said. added.
Shillong: U James Sangma, Minister of State for Home Affairs, today visited Agnes Kharshiing and Amita Sangma, who are undergoing treatment at NEIGRIHMS, Shillong.
The Waheh Shnong of Narwan, Lamsuk Langstang, said that the purpose of the festival is to inform the people nearby about the sweetness and taste of the soh ñiamtra of the village. It is also different to showcase the beauty of the surrounding area.
He said the BJP government in Delhi has improved the implementation of Aadhar introduced by the Congress.
In 1992-1994, the government arrested him and charged him under various provisions of the law. He was taken and imprisoned in Williamnagar, Naogaon, Silchar and Guwahati. release him without any restrictions.
We believe that the Ministry of Agriculture, Horticulture, Animal Husbandry, Fishery, Soil, Water Resources and others who took part in the two-day dorbar, have written down what the farmers have expressed and how. ban loit ban law ia ki jingeh jong ki nongrep.
This disease occurs if the blood sugar level increases.
Those who sell these are also Khar who sell Chow, Sha, Ja, and others who also pollute the footpaths.
Banerjee did not give a clear explanation on the income of the MLAs of the state and other payments to the members when they are on the committees of the state government.
The construction of this road has prompted the district administration of West Jaintia Hills District to visit the village to inspect the construction of this road.
Three goals were scored by Na-I-Sha Nongrum (8, 24 & 69 min) while Haphilakhamti (25, 28 & 72 min) scored the third goal for Umpohliew Jingtip.
In fact, Meghalaya should have reached 300 runs, but the opposition bowler Harsh Sharma played well to prevent Meghalaya from reaching the target. in his bowling he managed to convert 5/66.
The winners of Miss Shillong will receive a trophy and cash prizes of T.1 lakh, T.75,000 and T.50,000, while the winners of Ms.Supermom will receive a trophy and cash prizes of T. .50,000, Rs.30,000 and Rs.20,000.
“If the UCC eliminates racial discrimination, it will bring good.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The Minister and Spokesperson of the State Government, Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the demand for Winter Capital or Tlang city of the A'chik Conscious Holistically Integrated Crime (ACHIK) has been pending. in Tura, it is not appropriate to approve because the capital is Shillong.
However, due to the bad weather conditions, the Air Testing could not be conducted on that day, so the MSPCB will conduct the test on another day.
Israel's intelligence agency has announced that it has discovered a covert Iranian plot to attack Israeli business officials in Cyprus.
Orange Automobile, owned by Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh, has opened its spare parts shop in Faridabad. which is known worldwide in the sale and trade of puh shilum equipment, and in India has up to 150 dealers.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Allantry Dkhar, Leader of the UDP, said, “On the part of the party, we would like to extend our prayers to the families of the victims. After the death of Maheh Don, it is up to us to follow in the footsteps of Maheh Don, to be selfless in the service of others.
We will not allow and we will continue to condemn (the violence),” she told reporters regarding the arrest of 11 members of the newly formed rebel group, the National Liberation Council. of Countryside (NLCN).
God sent His most precious Son to be a sacrifice for the sins of the world.
There are schemes of the central government to provide half and half assistance to farmers who grow soybeans.
His body was found today outside the Polytechnic, Kynton Massar.
“Many of the residents of the district find it difficult to speak English or Hindi and we want the government to send new SPs from the state or Khasi-Pnar, especially those who can speak Khasi-Jaintia. An earthquake measuring 5.1 on the Richter scale struck Meghalaya at 4:16 PM this morning. The epicenter of the quake was 25 km from Aizwal, Mizoram.
Khliehriat, June 26: The KSU Narpuh Circle after seeing the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) signed between the Assam and Meghalaya governments following the agreement of the Regional Committee to resolve the Border Issue. between the two states, and after inspecting the border settlement within East Jaintia Hills District at Malidor, the union strongly opposes the Meghalaya government's donation of a bridge and the Malidor River. They fall into Assam.
According to the explanation given by the Prime Minister, who is also in charge of the Personnel Department, I have asked whether the basis of the Reservation Policy has been followed by the Roster System, or whether there is a difference here. there.
“According to the 2011 report, there are 22 villages in West Khasi Hills but when the public hearing was held, they came from 32 villages, and these villages which were not included in the 2011 report, came to “It has become difficult for Assam to say that they are not included in the 2011 report,” he said.
“If we look at the border settlement issues that have been going on for decades, the kharmetor issue, the struggle for ILP, the call for talks with the HNLC, it is only this government that is willing to do or is willing to do. “It's a good idea to take heavy responsibilities without counting the development works that are flowing in the area,” said Bah Byrsat.
Therefore, the Phawa-Siangshai Kur invites you to attend this meeting of the Kur Phawa-Siangshai, where you will hear and learn about the activities and objectives of the Kur Phawa. -Siangshai Seng Kmie (Central Body).
He said that the EC led by Bah Titostarwell will direct the contractor to start the work for the improvement of the Heritage Village and the EC led by Bah Titostarwell will take action to have a arrangement with the Mawphlang Hima to hold Monolith Festivals.
The 15-year-old, in the overall weight category of 267kg (119kg+148kg), came fourth in the tournament. you have participated.
As fellow teachers, he said that they cannot just listen to this action of the Governing Body and today they have started this dharna, which has not set a deadline and to demand the re-appointment of the teacher. The teacher has been dismissed, but they will continue their strike, even if it affects the classes.
Pala said there was no difference of opinion between him and Mukul Sangma.
In the women's category, Mission Sports Club beat GUPSM 1-0
“These demands have already been sent to the Government of India by the former General Secretary (L) Cherister Thangkhiew on 16th July,
He said the meeting was held today to discuss the current situation of Covid-19 in the state and to provide protocols so that it will be adequate for the purpose of bringing in the protection and safety of the people in the state.
Shillong: Nongkrem and Sohryngkham drew 1-1 in the SSA First Division Football Tournament held at Polo Ground yesterday.
Those groups of College Teachers who have taken a strong determination to fight against such arbitrary decisions should also be praised and advertised forever.
Not only that, in the city, MUDA has been sent to issue permission to build houses. After the construction, you have to get an Occupancy Certificate. After the Occupancy Certificate, you have to pay the tax.
Shillong, Nailur 27: Nongstoin MLA and HSPDP Leader Hoping Stone Lyngdoh passed away on Saturday morning at 1:00 pm. In the morning, various community leaders, political parties and government officials visited his residence in Kench Trace to pay their last respects.
Another arrested person is Bijoy Boro who was involved in the rape of his own daughter.
Who is Jesus? When hundreds of billions of people honor and worship Him?
“This law will kill the nation after a few years,” said Ba Najer.
According to the law, all beneficiaries should receive up to 5 kg of rice per head per month at the price of T.3.00 per kilo and T.2.00 per kilo of rice.
Jowai, Nailur 09: The Seng Kur Kharsahnoh Central Body today held a meeting of its members from all over the country at Ummulong West Jaintia Hills District, to express its strong opposition to the abduction and killing of (L) Fullmoon Kharsahnoh of Larnai village, West Jaintia Hills District.
In the course of these days there are those who have experienced joy, happiness and prosperity, which are and can be said to be the blessings of life.
This Son of God is Jesus Christ, the Lord of all.
“There have been many parties that have come to support me, but I have decided to stay with the BJP and contest again from the BJP,” he told reporters.
Process also demanded that an independent inquiry should be conducted into the incident to find out the facts how it started and reached this point of shooting people.
Nongstoin, July 20: The All India Trinamool Congress (ANC) Nongstoin Constituency has increased its numbers in many places and villages.
The Surat Municipal Commissioner today sent an inquiry after receiving a complaint that 40 clerks who were undergoing training, had to stand naked in the room and that they examined by doctors of gynecology.
India has now confirmed the second highest number of cases of corona virus in the world.
The death toll has increased, the number of survivors has increased, while the relief efforts have not been effective because the damage has been severe.
Besides, the district authorities and the security forces of the state and central governments have been strictly enforced to prevent any incident from happening.
However, at that time, while the girl was walking alone, the Rangbah, who was driving a car, called her to join him in his car, but when the girl refused, He forced her into the car and when he was able to force her into the car, he played songs inside the car, so that people would not hear her cries for help.
Referring to the reintroduction of those people who have been involved in social activities, like others, Dr Mukul said that the MPs in the House from other parties, the same He spoke about the decline in murders, kidnappings and other crimes in the state and asked, “Who brought them back to society to change? During my tenure as Prime Minister, I have created many ways and means to prevent these, in order to bring back peace and stability in the state”.
Rakkam, the NPP leader from Rongara-Siju, said the existence of the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act and the implementation of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India is a great protection for the indigenous people. A group of people who are still opposed to the construction of the railway line in the Khasi-Jaintia Hills for fear of the infiltration of the authorities.
The IOC has also accepted the results of the elections and has confirmed that this year's IOC General Assembly will be held in Mumbai.
Shillong, June 22 : The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) Prestone Tynsong on Saturday said that Samlin Malngiang, who is also the party's candidate for the upcoming elections, has been elected. He is the youngest brother of Prestone and Conrad K Sangma.
“All over India, we have different ethnic groups who elect MPs to express their concerns and we here too need a national party to advocate for us, not a foreign party. who will advocate for us, because the party in the north will advocate for whom, in the north they are, here they are, the majority of them are in the north, do they have time to advocate for the nation? "What are you doing?" said Mr. Eugeneson.
Those who are in Shillong, those who are angry and those who accuse against the MDA Government. Those who shout "we condemn ... down down, ...we demand.
At present, the project can be started in the blocks of the District.
The head office said that on receiving this news, the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle has visited the MBR Mawkyrwat Branch and has sent another employee to the branch. She also promised to take action to install an ATM Machine in Mawkyrwat and to open another ATM Machine in Mawkyrwat.
The girl is the daughter of Shibani Khyriem from Mawngap and was abducted by Salinda Kharphuli.
“The law is on the one hand, but when we look at the other side, we have seen that the number of Rapidos, firstly, is higher than other commercial vehicles. Helping those who want to park their vehicles at home to avoid traffic jam and fourth helping those who are in a hurry even school children helped in times of need and fourth Most importantly, it helps in the unemployment of the youth,” said a statement sent by the President of the Youth Wing, Bah Thomas Passah.
If the Meghalaya government sets up this camp only in Tumtum village it means that the Meghalaya government has already given the Assam government the border and it is also a sadness for our fellow citizens who live on the other side of the Myntang River because They did not know that they would lose their land and property in their own country.
Therefore, in order to prevent other people from falling victim to this scam, he urged the people to be vigilant and think careful not to buy illegal items, especially in relation to electronic items from people who come to offer at a low price so that they will not be deceived as he was.
During these two days, we the citizens don't want to leave our homes because the roads to Sohra lane, Nongriat, Dawki and Amlarem are crowded.
He said that if the government grants these demands, it should also do the same to those who owned shops on the Motphran Bridge before after the bridge was demolished so that they can get their own land. .
He is a smart farmer and has received a lot of training and support through the Krishi Vigyan Kendra, Jaintia Hills.
“Therefore, I am pleased that on this special day, I request the CEM that when they start working on this project, they will promote the knowledge of the past. I request those who will seek more information about Tirot Singh so that we can learn more about what we don't know now and it will help a lot for future generations”.
In fact, children who understand and respect cannot repay their parents except for their love and respect forever.
In Mairang Constituency, the total number of voters was 39554 including 19451 males and 20103 females while the turnout was 32891 or 83.155%.
Not only the prophets warned against this “Ka kyiad”, Bih sein iong, Jesus warned, the Apostle Paul urged and called to avoid this terrible destroyer, which prevents man from going to the kingdom of God 1 Cor 6:10, “drunkards shall not inherit the kingdom of God”.
The number of recoveries has risen to 92,176 and the death toll has risen to 1,5
Shillong, Nailur 27: The PDF led by Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem together with its Executive Committee and all its 16 MDCs has expressed its deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Hoping. She said that she will remember his great deeds and at the same time she requests the Chief Minister to declare a public holiday in the day of the funeral of Mr. Hoping.
Those who saw that advertisement were shocked especially we Khasi and Jaintia people because we didn't think that our Reservation Policy would work in that way if the reservation was clearly stated.
In the United States, 63,872 new cases have been reported, bringing the total number of cases to 3,762,0
Das said that there are about 70 wild boars in Rynjah and he will lodge a complaint with the DC of East Khasi Hills to arrest them in the Municipal Department.
We can only pray,” said Licola Amanda Tariang, one of the students who returned from Manipur.
However, on the other hand, he said the party will try its utmost to improve the situation especially in Garo Hills.
He said that the MDCs should also know that if we turn to the Regional Committee in West Khasi Hills, the group is headed by the HSPDP MLA who is also the Minister of State. Renikton Tongkhar as Chairman while UDP MLA and Minister of State HB Nongsiej as Vice Chairman.
He said that another reason is that when he walks up and down he sees that the leaders of Mawlai have no responsibility to bring about the welfare of Mawlai, the society and for the country and the nation. “I don't know why you don't need to play chess to bring about change, it's not useful to play chess with your friends or at home, after the people of Mawlai have told me that you don't need to play chess. “I have taken the final decision as long as I can come forward to serve the people,” he said.
Shillong, November 22: The Transport Department of the State Government has revived the post of Assistant General Manager (AGM) at the office of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC) which has been abolished since
On the other hand, Mono Areng and his family have demanded that the government should take action and arrest those who threatened and also those who spread the false news that Mono has received. the amount is 78 crore.
Mawlai have 29 points and Langsning and Rangdajied have 22 points each with two games left.
After receiving a tip on the smuggling of drugs from Silchar, Assam, CCP Shillong on 22nd November seized a Tata Punch at in the evening from parts of Nongmynsong, Shillong.
Leading office bearers of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Kenïong & Thiepdiengngan Unit and spectators were also present on the occasion.
He thought that Jumreit had hidden it in the field.
I remember that all night long, there was a great anxiety, perhaps similar to the feelings of scientists sitting in the command center when flying any spacecraft.
“I see that there is a statement by the leaders of many political parties that the VPP should go to court to demand a change in this policy but I want to say clearly that their wish is that we should not “We don't want to go to court but we don't want to go to court but the change will be by mutual understanding,” he said. Mr. Ardent.
They strongly opposed the Living Bridges Foundation which has been working for several years to promote the value of bridges led by Bah Morningstar Khongthaw. They admitted that the MBDA has come to explain to their villages and explained the needs which has been accepted by the people as it will be of benefit to many.
When asked how to deal with those who have left the party, he said, “We are fortunate now that we have gentlemen candidates”.
Speaking in the Legislative Assembly, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA North Shillong, urged the government to look into the situation in Shillong.
For those who have AAY and PHH cards, 5 kilos per head.
That will fulfill PM Modi's statement that during the fourth lockdown, people with corona will be infected in markets, roads, vehicles, schools and churches.
Behdieñkhlam is a religious ritual to ward off the disease.
He said this at a public meeting held at Smit today.
In another development, the ASDMA authorities said that due to the heavy rainfall in the past few days, it has also caused floods in several villages. part of Silchar city, Cachar district.
Assam police have arrested three Kuki militants from the violence-hit area of ​​Manipur for allegedly stealing ammunition from Cachar district. .
The Labang-Nongphyllut, Pangam-Raliang area, better known as Block-I, is located in the northeast and east of West Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
“It is not in our minds to revoke the ILP because everything has been put in that place and the people know how to do it because there is an IL so they have prepared before coming to Arunachal,” he said. He said that the government has also made it easier for the people to issue the ILP online so that those who come can get it when they arrive at the entry point.
The Chess tournament was inaugurated by the Superintendent of Police, Bikram D Marak in the presence of Assistant Professor MJ Lamare, Assistant Professor DM Shanpru, President JHDCA and Paia Lhuid, Adviser. JHDCA, P Lyngdoh, members of Meghalaya Chess Association and others.
On this basis, the GSU demands that the GHADC should create its own Electoral Roll so that other ethnic groups cannot participate.
Sangma said the government will continue to support the retired soldiers.
The order has prohibited those who wash vehicles inside the river and those who have vehicle washing shops from discharging wastewater and oil into the Myntdu River.
Cold and rain have hit the border areas of Meghalaya and Assam on Sunday and have caused damage to houses and rice which has just been harvested during the last harvest season.
The program was held at the District Library Auditorium, Mynthong in the presence of Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, MLA Lahkmen Rymbui, MLA Santa Mary Shylla, government officials of the two districts. SHGs and others.
However, Skhemtriang Pohti has lodged a complaint with the SDO (Civil), Amlarem and the SDO has informed the Dolloi that he cannot hold any meeting without the permission of the Dolloi. Deputy Commissioner.
To protect the customs and traditions of the Garo people, Rinaldo urged the CEM of GHADC to expedite the enactment of the Garo Customary Law as he has promised in the GHADC. Shillong, July 01 : U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that when any decision is taken by the MDA government, it is taken with the consent of the people. There is no decision taken by one party or the NPP in the government. He said this after reports that there are leaders of the parties. They are talking about the removal and non-removal from the MDA government because of the President's Rule.
Three youths with disabilities, one runner with only one leg from Kolkata to run 12 Km.
“The rally in Shillong will be attended by teachers, parents, children, wives and relatives of teachers, alumni and supporters,” said the General Secretary. FASToM President Andrew Lyngkhoi in a statement sent to the media.
Chutwakhu, which reached the final, will now face one of the teams on 28th November, between Shangpung Khliehmuchut and Mooknor Thadmuthlong at 1:30 pm.
The DC of South West Khasi Hills District, after the incident ha Pamphyrnai, has imposed Section 144 CrPC prohibiting the holding of khwai competitions in Pung within 500 meters of the road.
On October 27, two members of the NSCN-K, including Rocksen Homchha and Tipu Kitnya, who escaped from Khonsa jail in Tirap district of Arunachal Pradesh, were arrested. They killed a police chief and injured two others. They escaped.
He said the government will conduct inspections of meat shops and punish those who do not comply with the directive.
It is worth mentioning that we have tried to resolve this on the night of 13th November 2018 by (1) reprinting the theme banners at the venue of the competition (2) printing 100 (3) We have also announced several times to explain about the topic. (4) We have appointed volunteers to help children who have problems with the topics/themes.
The worst thing is that if this ILP is passed, it will bring another terrible disease of corruption in Meghalaya, because the good angels will not be employed in this factory.
At this training centre, the trainees will be given detailed explanations to learn many types of care for patients according to their needs in their homes ranging from weight, BP, blood sugar, taking medicines prescribed by doctors, cleaning the sick and others.
East Khasi Hills has decreased with 82 cases, followed by 65 cases and West Jaintia Hills with
The meeting wanted to produce a single voice and decision before the Committee which will meet on Saturday.
On the other hand, the JYF and JSU have demanded that the Meghalaya government should send doctors to Moolber village for the health of the refugees. They expressed their deep sorrow over the displacement of the Khasi Pnar people from the area after the Kaikhlaw Seng together with the people came to intimidate and destroy the houses of the Khasi Pnar people. their house.
The MUDA Housing Act is not suitable for implementation in rural areas because there are some parts that are not suitable and the people find it difficult to follow it due to poverty and shortages.
Numbers 23:1
Design : The meaning of the face is to cover through the mark, the face is visible when you can see it first.
Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, together with the Syiem of Maharam Hima, Pa'iem Niandro Syiem, inaugurated the statue of the Syiem. , Manager of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat Dr. KK Nongsiej, Minister of the Union of Village Authorities of Maharam Hima, teachers and students of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat .
The Deputy Commissioner also directed that the groups should cooperate with other groups involved in the work such as the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Rangbah Shnong when necessary.
The Government should not just give reasons to justify the wrong thing because when it asks for money for the people, it is the right of the people to know them because how it will affect how it will benefit the people. majority.
At the same time, the VPP leader said that the party does not agree with the VPP's statement that the recruitment policy should be divided according to the number of people.
According to the Wildlife Department, these species of Dkhoh Saw are endangered species and the Wildlife Department has requested the residents to report any such species. They are pleased to rescue or hand over to the wildlife department as well as other animals.
He said that the money from the NLCPR was discussed and the NEC officers requested that if the central government releases it to the NEC, it will be able to implement and monitor the work better.
The bodies of the victims were recovered on Saturday evening after a search by the villagers and SDRF. Shillong: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday said that the bodies of the victims were recovered. On 17th June 2023, it has started a meeting at Mawlai Square, to explain to the people the need to change and strengthen the reservation policy and to suspend the roster system.
One by one, how many more MCCs will block the development works,” he added.
Nongtraw said that in 2014, at the request of the then Governor, RS Mooshahary, the HNLC had accepted, but the same Congress-led governments had not. The Seng's proposal was not accepted.
The HYC together with other Sengbhalang friends have opposed this SOPs which affects the people and we have demanded from the Government to change the rules in this SOPs but Conrad Sangma as Minister Rangbah and who is also the Minister I/c Mining and Geology Department has not responded at all and we are afraid to think that if the implementation of these SOPs will put us at risk.
Nongpoh: Police of Sonapur Police Station on Tuesday arrested seven persons from Tamulkuchi and Jerobad areas on charges of involvement in drug trafficking in the area. .
He said that as a sign of protest against this statement, Tony said that in the next two days he will go and sit in front of the BJP office. “I don't want to eat or drink but I want to convey my voice to the BJP leaders in Delhi through the media,” said Tony while speaking in front of Sadar Police Station.
Under the Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana (Grameen) (PMAY-G), in the year 2021-22, Rs 5408 lakh has been spent and 6640 houses have been completed.
The Khasi Students' Union, Sohra Unit has erected a statue on the main road of Saitsohpen village and the celebration started with a march from Nongsawlia to Saitsohpen led by the Chief and Secretary of KSU Sohra Unit. Along with the ksing, dhah and tangmuri, along with the youths who performed traditional dances, they walked along the road until they reached the road where the statue of Myllung Soso Tham was erected.
The share of AAY card holders is 35 Kgs per household at T.3/- per kilo, while for PHH card holders is 5 Kgs per head at T.3/- per kilo and for Non-NFSA It should not exceed T.14/- per kilo.
The letter of invitation was signed by N. Diengdoh, Kut Madan, Sohra, Pastor PB Syngkli, Nongpoh, Pastor K Wahlang, Bhoirymbong, Banteilut L Nongbri, Smit, SB Basaiawmoit. Bhoirymbong, Joannes JTL Lamare, Kynton-U-Mon, Nongkrem, S Lamurong, Jowai, GD Lakiang, Jowai and A Suchiang, Chiehruphi.
“If the truth is not found that they really treat people, it is difficult to blame a person,” said the Pastor of the Synod.
It is necessary to be aware/alert of this sudden decline in literacy this year.
Baptu Deb lodged a complaint that on the night of 26th June, robbers stole his motorcycle (ML-05V-3865) from Lower Mawprem, Shillong.
He said that in East Khasi Hills, there are 8 new licenses for General Trade as shopkeepers, 13 for contractors, suppliers, 11 for Tirutist Taxis. Local taxi and pick up.
The decision to change the name was taken at a meeting chaired by Defense Minister Rajnath Singh, who was Vice President of the Society, the Culture Ministry said.
Until now, no vehicles have been allowed to drive from the factory due to the fire.
The party leader said that many people have asked him how he wants to continue contesting the election after losing.
They said that this road is very important for the people, because it passes from 15Mer to Borbhiun, Rangsakona, Nongkylla Khasi and other villages in the area. through this road will be a great blessing to the people who use this road.
The union said that only a few of them have received assistance from the government, while others also need assistance from the government.
Antioxidants such as myricetin and quercetin protect cells from free radicals and free them from diseases.
Over the years, land owners and foreigners have struggled to beautify and improve according to the times to attract people to earn a living.
In South Garo Hills, 22 cases, 11 in South West Garo Hills, 24 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 8 cases in Domjyrti Cluster, 5 cases in ILI, 4 cases in Rangmaw and 4 cases in Ranikor Cluster.
Ronnie V. Lyngdoh, Leader of the Opposition, said that the Meghalaya High Court has ruled that there should be no delay in the construction of the Shillong-Dawki road. The road from Umshyrpi to Hynniewmer Upper Shillong has been constructed for four vehicles.
“In the past years, the cess has been collected only from Mawshun, Coal and Mawlein, but now four more minerals have been included in the cess. Cess.
“Any rebel group should not fight against or fight against the government and if the government wants to have peace talks through the law, this peace talks will not succeed. “This issue should be handled according to the will of the people and not according to the law,” he said.
U Bah Run said that the village is pleased to have these natural resources because they are a great treasure especially if they can be improved to attract tourists, which will benefit the villagers and as well as the village.
“He said he would complete the work immediately,” said Bah Dkhar.
They were persecuted, they were threatened and they were slaughtered.
The Governor said the state has witnessed the protests of various civil society organizations over the introduction of the Citizenship (Amendment) Act, 2019 and the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
Nongpoh: U Raja Brahma, Project Director, District Rural Development Agency, today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the office of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar. Implementation has started in Nongthymmai Sohbhala.
Even vitamin and iron supplements can cause depression and if you experience this you need to see a doctor.
In which the Garo people have tried to reach the moon through their wisdom and insight.
Speaking to MHIS staff, they said that in the city like Mawkhar, there are those who refuse to take pictures to benefit from this scheme because they are afraid of
Shillong, Lber 2: The CSWO has slammed the police for being afraid of government ministers to investigate but they are afraid of the poor. too.
Regarding the construction of village roads in Shillong Township, the Minister said that the roads proposed for Mawkhanu will cost T.185 crore.
He said that it is also a trick to mine uranium. The MDC of Jaiaw has been on strike for 12 days but he has not lost any strength or hope. When asked how he could survive for 12 days by drinking only water, he said, “It is the power of prayer.” Before he takes action, he prays, “I have not told anyone before I go to this place, but I have announced that I will come to this place. “I have a special prayer that I will get a place at the foot of the statue of Kiang Nangbah, and when the time comes I will come straight to this place,” he said.
It is worth mentioning that since the death of the former Rangbah Shnong, the affairs of the village have been conducted by the Acting Rangbah Shnong. office of the Syiem of Raid Marwet, that they should conduct the renewal of the village leaders in the village.
She also urged the players to avoid alcoholic beverages.
Finally, the Girls' Wing sends its condolences to the family of Shailina Kharrymba and warns against anyone who takes advantage of women and children. don't come to complain to you.
Shillong: A strong storm has struck parts of Upper Shillong this afternoon.
The Bank may also continue to support and provide larger loans to those borrowers who make regular payments and complete repayments on time.
In this prayer, Jesus first asks God to deliver us from death.
This morning, his vehicle was found between Rymbai and Lad Rymbai.
Shillong: The BJP in Meghalaya has launched its election manifesto, where the President of the BJP, JP Nadda, launched it at a public meeting held at Vivanta Hotel. , in the presence of party leaders and candidates.
The debate on the case is still in the international community as the Anti-Corruption Committee has been able to complete its investigation since October last year.
As the state has the needs in all aspects, the Government has started to encourage the people of the state to set up their own businesses.
The Minister said that the road from Raliang to Sahsniang will soon be constructed under the PMGSY scheme and the government has already constructed the road from Pasyih to Saphai (Garampani) at a cost of crore rupees.
In Ribhoi District, one case, in West Garo Hills, seven cases including six from the army and one civilian and in East Garo Hills, nine cases.
Shillong: The FKJGP, Malki Circle on 28th July, in its inspection, found that many shopkeepers are illegally smuggling foreigners into their shops.
So far, eight people are undergoing treatment for the disease, he said.
“When asked whether Garo Hills can get another project to extend the railway line from Mendipathar, the NFR officer said that so far there has been no discussion and if come such, the first thing that will begin is the survey of the land and hills suitable for the construction of the railway line and to what extent it will be completed, in order to determine the allocation of funds to a new project.
The match will be played between Umiam Eagles and Simsang Sharks at 9 pm.
The exhibition featured photographs taken during the earthquake in Assam, the old photograph of the Smit market, the photograph of the blue sky, the beautiful hills and valleys. Postcards of Meghalaya printed between the 1800s and 1900s in Europe and India and others that have not been preserved by the present generation. you have never seen faithful before.
At the end of the innings, Meghalaya managed to score 187 runs in 44.5 overs for the loss of all wickets.
On this occasion, the suspect also escaped from the custody of the police.
Naik said that in the last MLA elections, the state had a record turnout of 88 per cent while in the MP elections, only 64 per cent turnout was higher than the record. you country.
If the government continues to violate the rights of the people as it plans to purchase up to 2000 acres of land in Mawpdang, Tynring and Mawdiangdiang for the New Shillong Township, it is the responsibility of the people through the RTI Act to the Government on the conversion of Protected Land and Protected Forest around Shillong.
Syiemiong said that it is not that the group hates Mawthabah and wants the development of the area, but the choice of Mawthabah is only for the sake of destroying Mawthabah. Uranium.
The meeting was conducted by the National President of the NPP and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma.
According to the Rangbah Shnong, there are some places where people when walking at night fall into the ditch.
“And your covenant with death is broken. Death refers to the covenant with the False Messiah.
We want to convene the MDA meeting first and we will have a thorough discussion in the Cabinet and then we will decide to convene an All Party Meeting where we can share information and discuss all these issues with them. "I don't know the world," said Prestone.
Besides the SOTs, CRPF personnel who were patrolling in the streets were also seen in parts of the National Highway.
He was defeated twice in 2004-09 and won again in 2009 and served as an MDC until
“The party has accepted and confirmed the names of Bah Nehru Suting from Pynursla, who was present at the meeting, Bah Nujorki Sungoh who is the son of former MLA Mihsalan Suchiang and Bah Mangkara. Pathaw,” said Dr Jemino.
However, as time went by, this precious tree, which has a great treasure inside it, has begun to decline slowly in its participation in our daily lives.
Hercules said that as of now, Jaintia Hills through the badminton players who are Pnars who have excelled and who have appeared in any tournaments whether in the District, State and in the country as a whole, who have win the title with foreign players.
The SP said that in all these 18 polling stations strong security personnel will be deployed with armed and unarmed while in other polling stations unarmed police will be deployed. .
He left Pine Wood Hotel at 11 am after paying his bill of T.82,4
I am happy that we can still see the traditional dances, costumes of the Khasi & Jaintia, Garo and others, to hear the songs, music, music from the past, that there are still ryndia, thain face, legs, feet, and so on.
HITO Laskein Block Circle has urged the PWD Department to build a bridge on the Myntang Rymphum River.
Speaking to reporters in Guwahati, Himanta Biswa Sharma said that the NEDA and NDA colleagues will not join hands with other parties like the Congress and Trinamool Congress.
UDP leaders Jemino Mawthoh, Paul Lyngdoh, BM Lanong and Embhah Syiemlieh told reporters on Tuesday.
Shillong: Teachers under the umbrella of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM) today intensified their protest by marching from the Governor's House to Malki Square. the government to listen to their demand for salary increase and promotion from Adhoc to Deficit.
Later, six months later, Bah Shanbor was released from prison.
My request to the parents is to bring their children to the training ground until the end of the league," Sinha said.
East Khasi Hills has 61 new cases and West Khasi Hills has
You don't have to worry about it because you don't have a monthly salary.
The Executive Committee of the village also held a special ceremony to pay tribute to him.
Pynshngaiñ N Syiem of the PDF has T.26,40,170 in net worth, T.4 lakh in cash, 4 bank accounts, 2 vehicles, gold and silver. His wife has T.8 lakh in hand, two bank accounts, three vehicles and gold.
India is renowned for its knowledge and understanding and India's G-20 presidency will help spread India's message to the world.
He gave the example of the Umngot Project, not only that the government has also approved to make Jowai a Smart Town, the Mini Secretariat, many roads like Jowai to Moophlang because many MLAs don't see them. but now under the leadership of the NPP it has been completed.
The three-member committee was set up by the MHA and is headed by former Chief Justice of Gauhati High Court Ajai-Lamba.
If this happens, it will put our state in a serious trouble,” said Nicholas Lyngdoh, Secretary, Umkiang Village, East Jaintia Hills District.
“It is true that many traders and miners in the rural areas of the state are not aware of the rules that the government has made especially after the rules from the court,” he said. .
The deceased was identified as Phailang Lamare. The accident happened at 10.40 pm on the NH 6 at Ummulong, Ksehlakiang, West Jaintia Hills District.
The crowd sang the song Hosanna with the waving of fruit leaves in their hands.
In the Khasi Hills, the situation in the election campaign is different.
At the meeting held at Pilibhit, in the constituency, Varun Gandhi, MP, said, “Please don't insult the sadhu, who has hangtei hajan, because you don't know when he's going to be the chief minister of the state".
This came after they beat Uttarakhand 11-0 in the final match of Pool-G in Delhi on Thursday.
Speaking to media at his residence in Nongstoin, he said that his resignation from the Congress party was due to his dissatisfaction with the party's decision to allow MDCs to cooperate. and the National People's Party (NPP) in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
Nonglong said that the defeat in the MLA election is a lesson for the years to come that they should not be stingy in the struggle, because a candidate whom they have not thought of will reach the goal. .
At the time of writing, no players have been confirmed for either side and it is expected that the winners of both teams, such as Harry Kane. Tottenham and Liverpool's Mohamed Sallah will take part in the match tonight.
The people of the state wanted to know what this Roster System is and how it will affect the issue of the Reservation Policy. Because of the lack of full explanation, the public has turned to ask questions from time to time, including the pointing out of some of us who used to speak publicly on the Reservation Policy.
This was really a moment of joy and pride for all of us," he said.
The Assistant Waheh Shnong of Khanduli, Bah K. Bina, on Tuesday said that the incident in Khanduli was caused by the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) visiting the check point. ) within the boundary of the Dorbar Shnong Khanduli without the knowledge and permission of the Dorbar Shnong.
There have been 39 new cases of Coronavirus in Delhi today.
“We don't have any other option but we have to suspend him.
Until now, 10 tons of garbage, nuit and pyut have been dumped every day in Marten and this place can no longer cover or dig up the garbage.
What is it?” asked Bah Kharjahrin.
Dr. Marki Biam, JRDO Laskein Block, while speaking as the chief guest, said that without education to survive in this age is impossible, therefore she urged the children not to drop out of school part time. , work minutes to reach the goal until you get the knowledge.
FIDE President Arkady Dvorkovich handed over the trophy to the Prime Minister, who handed over the trophy to renowned chess player Viswanathan Anand.
“The CEM says he is looking for more documents to strengthen the case, we will wait,” he said.
Therefore, the verdict we will give to this corrupt and corrupt NPP government is now through your vote,” said Dr Mukul.
However, we didn’t see any noticeable developmental activities even after five years.
The theme of the training was “How to take care of the environment” by Franky Well Blah, Chief Forest Officer, Jaintia Hills. Hills Autonomous District Council.
Last year, the Minister of State for Education, Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the Meghalaya government will abolish schools with few students because it has wasted money to pay salaries to teachers.
Moscow: Russia announced today that it has withdrawn a small number of its troops after a thorough training, but said most of its troops will remain. continue to be in the area, where they are now on the Ukrainian border.
The path to choose depends on the individual.
In one of the incidents that happened on the morning of July 10 at Khohyiar near Lad Mawkhap on the road to Pynursla, a large stone fell from a hill and fell on the road.
The days went by and only 3 days left for the application deadline.
He said the central government has expressed its commitment to the implementation of the CAA by exempting it from the implementation in the tribal areas.
The land for the construction of the Polytechnic is also a land donated to the government free of charge and the intention of the leaders to donate the land is to build a university. It will benefit not only the youth of Ri Bhoi District and the area and it will also benefit all the youth of Ri Bhoi District.
All these four participants gave their views and opinions on the above topic which were reviewed by a panel of experts from different departments. diverse.
We would like to thank and express our gratitude to the Kur ki Kha, neighbours, friends, Dorbar Shnong Ladthadlaboh and Tyndowapung Jowai, the Full Gospel Fellowship Church, Jowai as well as other churches who came to comfort us at the Mrs. Redcy Kharmalki passed away.
She said the Assam government also goes to the households of the people to register their land.
"The ancients considered the Khasi markets very sacred but nowadays the Khasi markets have declined in price compared to the past and the sanctity of the Khasi markets has disappeared. lot spah,” said Bah Lapang and added that this shows that even the Syiem has to hand over to foreigners and hold a market on Tuesday.
Shillong: Four political parties from East Jaintia Hills including the East Jaintia National Council (EJNC), the Hynniewtrep Achick National Movement (HANM), the United Hynniew Trep Movement The UHM and the MPUF today lodged a petition with the Minister in charge of Home Affairs, James K Sangma to remove the Superintendent of Police. Vivekanand Singh has been arrested for 15 days.
The team expects these players to return for the home match against Namdhari FC on 23rd November.
“We cannot give tickets to all those who apply because we don't have our own candidates,” he said.
He said that he will meet with the Dorbar Shnongs, Raids and Hima as well as those residents who have been severely affected by this soskular on Tuesday to take a decision to file a complaint with the court. Nongstoin, June 17: Since the two Chief Ministers, Conrad Kongal Sangma and Himata Biswa Sarma, announced that they have signed a social border settlement agreement in Delhi in the presence of Amit. Shah, where eight villages in the Malangkona area which still fall under the boundary of the Nonglang Sirdarship have been transferred to Assam, the people of the area have not stopped holding public meetings, to express their opposition to the soskular and to demand the renewal and restoration of their rights as full citizens of Meghalaya.
The question is our attitude towards the issue.
One day he became very sick.
Therefore, we need to encourage such talented youth not only from the civil society but most importantly from the responsibility of the family and the individual.
Shillong, November 04: The resignation of Comingone Ymbon, President of the BJP Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the resignation of Comingone Ymbon has shown that there has been a strong upheaval in the Congress.
They said that the KSU has already sent a petition to the Chief Minister to request for the Khasi allocation, but the government has ignored the demand of the people to allocate funds for the Khasi. does not provide employment to the indigenous people has prompted the party to fight in this regard.
This is not a government led by one party, but a coalition government with the UDP, BJP, HSPDP and non-party MLAs.
Even today, the Khasi Pnar is still a small and backward population in many ways.
She had fled the village since October and in July she returned to the village where she alleged that she was threatened by these four men and lodged a complaint with the police and the west police. Jaintia Hills has arrested these village leaders.
Millions of pounds of money have been needed, and many countries have promised to donate their right hand and left hand to these refugees.
The office bearers of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri-bhoi District, on Tuesday inspected the building of the Residential School, which has been standing for 10 years at Mawtari Myrdon, Ri-Bhoi District. They also said that the government should implement these schools for the benefit of the people.
142 trucks of mawthup, 856 byrni of dewbilat, 62 trucks of shyiap and 99 quintals of nar rod were purchased.
These should include opportunities in the financial sector that offer low interest rates and require minimal paperwork.
Explaining on the allegation by the Longkmie, that he has stolen her land, Nicholas Marak, said that his land is worth 162 bika, which is based on proper documents. recognized by the relevant land authorities.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 14: The owners of sawmill factories in Jirang Hima, Ri Bhoi District have protested against the invitation of Sengbhalang groups in Jirang Hima to meet with foreigners in Jirang on Saturday without the knowledge of the that trai bag.
Weapons were also seen on the Ukrainian border, which is said to be Russia's attempt to occupy Ukraine.
He said the Army has sent a proposal to the government to allocate 10 acres of land inside the Cantonment for the construction of a residence for the retired soldiers. , and KHNAM said that this issue is still under discussion with the Urban Affairs Department.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) on Tuesday strongly condemned and alleged that the CEM of Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) Tuliram Ronghang has said that the Khasi-Pnars living in Mukroh village They are illegal residents and involved in timber theft which led to the shooting death of the Assam Police.
The district authorities of East Jaintia Hills have now announced that the road has been opened for both sides of the road after the relevant authorities have completed the cleaning.
Laitkor have won all five matches this season and have scored only one goal.
Dr. Jitendra Singh said that what is worrying is that in the first wave of the pandemic, the North East has not been affected much by COVID-19 compared to many other states and some states like Sikkim has not reported a single positive case of corona during the lockdown.
At the same time, he said that he is an ayurvedic practitioner in New York and spends several hours a day treating people free of charge.
He requested the Government to allow buses to pass through Them Metor as soon as possible even if the Government has not been able to evacuate the residents of this area.
This petrol pump is the only one available from Shkentalang and the JSU demands that it be built immediately for the convenience of vehicles.
The mother was identified as Hilsyntimery Marwein, 24 years old.
“It is for this reason that we need experts on the Reservation Policy,” he said.
The initiative taken by the state government is aimed at reducing the mortality rate of mothers during childbirth and infants in the state.
The 28th Chief Minister's District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2023 has been closed today.
He went away and went on with Ban.
The KSU strongly urges the government to resolve these issues immediately otherwise the KSU will have to take strong measures to demand the rights of Khasi students,” said the statement. and my General Secretary, Samla Donald V Thabah.
His relatives said that he was last seen on a cctv camera from the toll plaza at 4:30 AM on 30/01/2
This is not what religion teaches us.
He said that at that time people, when they believed, took their young children to stay outside the village.
It may be recalled that the theft of question papers was revealed through a complaint lodged at Tura police station in 2019, after the photographs of the question papers for the MTET examination appeared in the Tura police station. that social media.
“This committee will collect the documents and information required for the exchange of land between the government and the residents of the area,” said UDP Working President Bah Paul Lyngdoh. monday.
Dondorlang Nonglait (5) and Bestparland Nongrang (35) scored the goals for Nongrim Hills while Jerius Khongshling (61) scored the goals for Lawsohtun.
Dr. Vikas Nimesh from AEEE spoke on the Meghalaya EV policy and highlighted the need for changes, including the conversion of old vehicles into new vehicles. can be electrically driven.
According to the will of God" Rom 8:26-2
The procession started from the ground floor of the Mother's and Children's Hospital, passed through the center of Nongstoin to Ladweitang and ended at the Market Complex in front of Nongstoin Market.
Another thing in this world of ONLINE SHOPPING is also encouraging and encouraging buyers or searchers through the internet that just “Click & Buy” can deliver goods to your doorstep with new types of credit/debit cards. , Net Banking or other methods.
Ronnie said that in Jharkhand, which is ruled by the BJP government, the House has already passed a law on the religion or belief of the people. He said that if anyone wants to convert, they must get permission from the District authorities and if they convert without permission, they will be sentenced to 3 to 4 years in jail and fined Rs 50,000 to Rs 1 lakh. amount.
The union through a petition to the Prime Minister has suggested and demanded that the foreigners should not be accepted before the introduction of foreigners. The union has said that the government has decided to bring in foreigners to work in the state.
About 1000 complaints were found that they had expired too late.
The Nepalis now ruled Sikkim and began to claim Gorkhaland.
In East Khasi Hills, 224 cases have been reported, followed by 128 cases in West Garo Hills and 114 cases in Ribhoi.
At the same time, they said that the Mini-Secretariat, as a Government headquarters in the middle of the city, is the perfect place for the discussions.
But our democracy is still very much lacking.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Hima Mawsynram has issued a notice that those who own shops in Mawsynram Market if they do not come to use before 30th July 2014, will lose their shops.
Govinda said he was very happy because he had not married Sunita, but if Sunita had not been there, he would have asked Madhuri.
Neheimaia Gatphoh took two wickets and conceded four runs.
Shillong, Lber 19 : The residents of Shillong have been complaining about the power outage in the city which has lasted for many hours.
Phewse that servant gave himself.
Furthermore, he urged these leaders and members of the party from Nongpoh Circle to take responsibility as such leaders for the sake of serving their fellow citizens and as leaders of the party. There must be that distance how to protect the nation so that our nation will remain strong and strong for the development of the nation.
KT Thomas, Pastor Prashant Kruvilla, Brother Roshan Thomas, Brother Roy Abraham together with Fr. Baby Thomas from Shillong visited Bah DD Lapang on the 12th of this month at his residence in Sherwood. Bungalow, Bishop Cotton Road, Shillong.
Daniel 9:27 Before this, a mighty ruler will come and enter the glorious land (Israel) and destroy many nations.
The High Court order, headed by Judge Ujjal Bhuyan, also issued rules to compensate for the expenses of the curfew by various political parties. and political parties as well.
Shillong, Naitung 12: There has been a saying that when too many farmers spoil the food, it was also on the issue of Uranium where many organizations have opposed it. you can mine uranium.
The number of shops in Shillong and markhap areas recognized by the government office has been increased to 2122 while the number of vehicles selling food items has been increased to 20 as part of the order. to allow the public to buy food items and to prevent crowding inside shops.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) today appointed AL Hek, MLA as the Vice President of the Meghalaya PCC in place of Ronnie V. Lyngdoh. as a Minister to the State Government.
Therefore, many of the measures will be announced,” said Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma at the review meeting.
In the United States, 900 people have died and 60,000 have been infected.
It is not surprising, but it is a loss for the traders and farmers who have to throw away their rotten goods after they cannot sell their goods in the market due to the lockdown in the country and the state. to fight against COVID-19 In the trade of agricultural products, it is very difficult to manage especially when the market is bad.
A total of 28 participants were selected.
Those who are still drinking in the streets and alleys.
Fourteen groups from different Raij seiñs took part in the Sukra dance.
At Stand Ummulong (Iawmusiang), the DSO office and the District authorities held a meeting, where Dayarisa Lyngdoh conducted the programme. BS Sohliya, DSO K. Passah, Stefiny Rapsang, SDO EJHD, WJDSA Vice President Patrick Lamare, members of WJDSA and Athletes of the District.
At the same time, he said that if the UCC is implemented, the identity of the jaidbynriew, which is inherited from the mother, may also be lost.
In East Garo Hills, there are 222,892 Christians, 8,305 Hindus, 14,113 Muslims, 3,829 Muslims, 41 Sikhs, 362 Buddhists, 40 Jains and 1,000 non-believers.
The Sports Committee of KSU-EJHDU urges the young athletes to work hard and diligently to succeed in the present era. come forward and improve in their sports according to their skills.
Meanwhile, two other climbers, Gina Marie Rzucidlo and Nepalese climber Tenjen Sherpa, have disappeared. they.
The soil should also be so that water cannot stay long.
However, those cases are rare but they are serious problems for the families who are facing and who may reach the limit of time to do the necessary things such as when they are seriously ill. .
Even today, no one knows only the name of his father, but we all know the name of Rahul Gandhi's father”.
However, all the party leaders from the party president, JP Nada and other leaders welcomed him and never had that prejudice against him just because he was a Christian.
The arrest of these two youths was made while the police were conducting a search operation on the vehicles passing by on the road, but when they saw the bike without number plate. Byrnihat Police have searched the motorcycle without number plate and also searched the motorcycle. During the search, the police found a vehicle. Heroine, which was also packed in soap boxes inside the pla, along with Rs 4,000 and mobile phones.
This dish is one that you can eat instead of using mayo mixed with a burger or sandwich.
Almost all countries in the world face rocks.
“The chairman at this meeting has ordered that no one is allowed to speak except those who have been ordered to speak,” said Bah Syiem.
During these four days of Puja, Hindu devotees have been able to visit from one pandal to another from evening to midnight. and the ceremony which continued until this day, until all the ceremonies were completed, until the burnt offering was completed.
He said that the 21 Mining Lease Holders can generate up to T5,77,50,00.00 per month and this will help to increase the revenue of the district and the government.
The Minister's remarks came after the CUET examination at NEHU in recent days, which has caused problems to the students.
"“Land is life, therefore this is life and death for the future of generations," he said.
Lyngdoh won the Player of the Match award.
He urged the strawberry farmers to continue to cultivate this variety of strawberry, because if they can produce a lot of strawberry, it will not only benefit the farmers, but also the state as well. , because through this soh will also attract tourists, said Dr. Celistine Lyngdoh.
The program was held at Vanni Hall, Pyndengrei, Nongstoin where the Additional Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills District, Kong D.Blah was the chief guest, in the presence of the Joint Director. of School Education and Literacy & District Mission Coordinator, SSA West Khasi Hills District, I Kong.
He said that MeECl should investigate the cause of the light shortage which has affected the community as many jobs now require light and this light shortage is increasingly causing The delay in work has affected the people in the area from government offices, cyber, furniture and school children who have been affected due to the lack of electricity light.
However, on the other hand, he said that on the border with other countries, the company will not have a network within 500 meters of the border as this is the policy issued by the Government of India.
He said the government is still looking for another place to take the vendors so that they do not crowd the city. “There have been several places that the government has found, but I see that thie Transports is also a good place to sell pearl goods, along with other places that we are talking about,” said Bah Hamlet.
You didn't sleep that night until morning.
On the other hand, the relatives of Setlang Phawa did not come forward but the relatives of Diresh who sold their relatives were forced to speak on their behalf.
Such things cannot be accepted blindly in the Khasi clan.
These changes raise a big question mark before the people of the state.
It was at this time, when the police, saw that the state of peace and order, had begun to doubt, that they took out their sticks and guns to intimidate the crowd and at this moment, There was also a stone throwing ceremony by the crowd, in which they threw stones at the police station and some of them were injured in the stone throwing; However, it was through the courage of the leaders of the women's organizations, that the clash, which lasted only a few minutes, was brought to an end and that the police and the people were separated from the incident. born in Motphran.
The Jewish religious leaders now worship and honor him in Israel, but he is only a false christ.
In this regard, it has been witnessed that the number of students in Jowai who attend school on Monday is still very low and many of the school authorities have held meetings among the teachers to resolve this issue. Regarding the attendance of students, the Vice Principal of KJP Synod Mihngi Higher Secondary School, Bah Wanmi Passah, said that at their school, there were 20 students who had attended the school. These children come to school to get clarification from the teachers and these children have received permission from their parents.
These singers will be preparing to entertain the audience on the second day, including NE-YO, Meba Ofilia, Pink Panda, Snow White, Rahul Rajkhowa, Street Stories – Banjop, Empirical Tribe – Tenny, Zethan, Ricaa Stella, Banker Kharkongor.
It is time for the voters of the state to put a big question mark on their MLAs especially on those leaders who used to show off a few months before the elections to convince their supporters and the people that Once again, they should support and win them once again in the MLA elections in
Speaking after the meeting, the leaders of the Harijan Panchayat Committee said that the meeting was successful and they are now waiting for the next meeting on the 25th of this month.
Nongpoh, March 02: In order to promote unity, love and recognition among the Khasi students of the Regional Institute of Science and Technology (RIST) and the University of Science and Technology, Meghalaya, Khasi Student Union RIST-USTM Unit today held a Fresher's Meet for all the Khasi students studying at the university.
While we are on earth we must take part in the affairs of this world including politics.
More than 1,000 people have died from dengue in Bangladesh since the beginning of this year until November.
“In 2015, when there was a stir in KHADC, I was appointed CEM of KHADC because of Dr Donkupar,” said Adelbert.
On the other hand, it was supported by Germany, Austria-Hungary, which later joined Bulgaria and the Ottoman Empire (Turkey).
However, the residents and the Mayor of the area, are against the ban on the cow, on the grounds that these villagers, should continue in their usual life. They believe that the ban on the slaughter of cows does not mean that it is only for this reason, but it also affects the livelihood of the people in the village as a whole. They used to live happily ever after with the sweet sounds that came from around the village, whether it was from the noise, the disease of birds and animals and the walking and talking in the village.
On the other hand, the SP of West Jaintia Hills has informed the public that on that day, the suspect was wearing a blue shirt, blue pants and no slippers or juti.
However, it was found that the Corporation on 31.03.2023 has re-appointed him as Chief General Manager on contract basis from 01.04.2023 to 30.09.2023 at a salary of T.1,57,968 per month. his contract may be renewed by the Corporation after the expiry of six months.
“Are the parties that have to fight against us afraid and why are Conrad Sangma and Mukul Sangma afraid of us? We must understand that their fear is because Modi will eradicate all corruption and the people have shown their willingness to join hands with Modi,” he said.
He said it is time for intelligent people to get jobs to develop the district.
These bills have added more offenses that should be punished and have strengthened the penalties.
He said he had received information this morning that Naga had arrived at his home in Gausapara after being released by the rebels in a forest area between Chokpot and Gasuapara.
It may be recalled that the JHADC has issued an order prohibiting the employees of the JHADC from holding the post of Rangbah Shnong. district Council.
At the same time, the CEO said that besides Meghalaya being the most densely forested area, the Election Commission has decided to hold a Green Election.
In the announcement of the results for Class 10, Adi Dravidar Welfare School has passed with 78.11 per cent and Tribal Welfare School with 78.37 per cent.
The book is written by Dr. HH Mohrmen, one of the leading writers of the state.
Shillong, Nailur 30 : For the first time, the residents of Meghalaya have come out to raise their voices in Delhi to demand the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule.
“The existence of the District Council empowered through the 6th Schedule is to protect and strengthen the right to land ownership in the administration of khadar and other unique characteristics of the community, but the government The state intends to dissolve the District Council to destroy these special characteristics and rights of ownership, and we are fortunate that we have the 6th Schedule which can still distinguish our state. The meeting was conducted by AL Nonglait Secretary Riangdo Village Council in the presence of Banteidor Lyngdoh MDC Mawkynrew, Emlang Lytan, former FKJGP leader. u Bah M.Mawsor MDC Mawshynrut, students who are members of the CFC who also spoke at the meeting.
Therefore, we would like to extend our special thanks to all those Nongsynshar Shnongs and their Dorbars who have been willing to give their full support to this struggle for the “Lawei Ki Pateng”.
The KSU North Khasi Hills leader said that the KSU North Khasi Hills is surprised that although the KSU North Khasi Hills has not staged any protests in respect of the voice of the Chief Minister, on Saturday night, the Ri Bhoi Police have raided the homes of leaders in Ri Bhoi District and arrested H Wahlang from his residence in Killing.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government is not against the CAA and does not want ILP or MRSSA. Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the PWD department (R ) Prestone Tynsong said that the state government is ready to start construction and there are those who are still in the survey and those who are still taking land for the construction of roads around the Khasi-Jaintia Hills. .
During a thorough search by the friends of the owner of the dumper together with the police, this evening, they were arrested near the Petrol Pump near Saiden. All parts of the truck, including the number As-01-EC-3181, were registered with the number ML 12-1 Nongniah was arrested and handed over to the Assam Police.
Moosiang Lamare Old beat Tuber Shohshrieh 2-1 and Moosiang Lamare New beat Lakadong Ummat 5-4 in the tie breaker.
UP School has 65 students and 12 teachers.
Damon Rymbai scored two goals for Saiñdur Mihmyntdu in the 74th minute and Azariah Lamare in the 76th minute. in the 77th minute.
On the Tenancy Act, Paul Lyngdoh said that Assam has six Tenancy Acts, but Bangladesh has passed them.
You have seen that this election will be one of the most different elections because even the candidate doesn't trust his own leaders especially if he sees that they went and met with other leaders from other parties.
Bengal will hold the elections on the 8th of November.
In the Men's Master Bodybuilding category, Rakesh Bhattacharjee of Power House Gym won the second prize, Vijay Limbu of Excel Muscle Gym won the second prize and Krishna Thapa of Chandan's Gymnasium won the second prize.
However, when the split in the Congress party became public, it was not because of these three seats, but because Dr. Mukul Sangma, who is not a lawyer, did not know that since 2004, the Congress party has been abolished. The dissolution of the Party, by amending Paragraph 3 of Schedule 10 (10th Schedule), which previously allowed for the dissolution or withdrawal of the Party if 1/3 of the Party wishes to withdraw. .
There are 2,509 confirmed cases and 1,307 deaths.
The NEP was introduced to improve the education of children.
All Khasi Christians are Khasi and all Khasi who fight for their father's rights are Khasi in the general law of humanity.
The program will be held in two parts, the Food Fest from 11 am onwards, and the Gospel Musical Evening from 3 pm to 8 pm.
OM Roy Memorial Higher Secondary School won the first prize while Providence School won the second prize.
The Ministry of Education, the Principal Secretary and the Directorate of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) have taken note of this request of the teachers and today issued a letter not to harass the teachers.
Shillong: The African Swine Flu (ASF) has killed 17 pigs in Amlari Model village, Amlarem Civil Sub Division, West Jaintia Hills District.
GE Soames, Deputy Commissioner, United Khasi Hills, has informed the owners of these stones to take care not to lose them because they are named after Longshuwa-Manshuwa.
The incident took place at Madanrting Market, Shillong.
Regarding the introduction of prominent election campaigners by other national parties, the NPP leader said that the main reason why eight MLAs from other parties have joined the NPP is to strengthen the party. You are not from this State.
India’s position in manufacturing and trade is closely linked to reforms for logistics optimization and EXIMs logistics.
Furthermore, the meeting decided that NEHUTA will be vigilant during the Moderation Meetings to ensure that these decisions are implemented not only in writing but also in practice.
During his visit to Mizoram, Verma also inspected several development projects implemented in Mamit District – an aspirational district of Mizoram.
The MLA was accompanied by the Assam Police and visited a place near the Umlon River in Umwali village where the Assam government plans to build a police station. .
Jin told his students that as soon as these weapons were used, those who were in the area, fell down within 15 minutes and many of them ran away. from there, that they don't.
One woman who was seriously injured in the incident was taken to Shillong Hospital.
Twenty-one employees of the Delhi State Cancer Institute (DSCI) have tested positive for the virus and the government has temporarily closed the institute.
New cases in Africa have risen by 7 percent to 275,0
He said that the RBYF supports the repeal of Section 5, Sub-Section 8 but the RBYF is against the repeal of Sub-Section 16 because even the Constitution of the country has allowed it. to impose restrictions on the entry and exit of foreigners as specified in Article 19, sub clause no.
The DC's inspection of the bridge was after receiving a complaint that the shaps on the stones behind the bridge have been painted and this painting has damaged the appearance of the bridge. The pride of beauty is only if it can be maintained according to these prides since ancient times.
The KSU leader said that the NESO's protest is because there is a serious threat to the indigenous people if more than 1 crore Hindus from Bangladesh come to seek shelter here in the state, where the Khasi people come to live here. there are only 15 lakh.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, while expressing his concern over the loss of education among the youth of the state in these months due to the bloodshed in Manipur since January.
Regarding the large and spacious plain, Damon Lamo said, “This place of ours (Pdeiñ Rangad) is a place where our ancestors have lived since ancient times. but it was because of the great plague at that time that the inhabitants fled and moved from this place and the villages to a place called Moolynsngat. Leave these footprints in this place to witness to the future generations, by the presence of these stones famous as Mooknor, Mawbynna, resting stones of many kinds, stones that have been famous by the ancients, so We are the children of this village, we improve, we protect, we care for and preserve these heritage sites of the ancients and we have the intention to make this one of the He said that the Dorbar Shnong Rangad has been spending the village funds to improve this and also that the residents of the village have It is clear that the government itself from the tourism department has not provided any assistance. “There is no assistance from the government, these projects are from the village funds donated by the people and we have spent about T.2 lakh tyngka without counting the physical strength of the residents because we want to preserve these heritage sites,” he said. roads, wells, footpaths to the top of the Umbyrleiñ Valley, fencing and others.
Shillong: U Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, on Tuesday said that the government has decided to mine coal and mineral resources in a scientific and environmentally friendly manner in the state. government regulations and to ensure the safety of the victims.
“Besides, we have also identified 26 others through video evidence of the stone throwing and burning of vehicles,” said the DGP. , on the other hand, the DGP said that until now it cannot be said whether they are people involved with political parties or other groups.
After the games, the Raliang District Arts and Cultural Organization (RAA) awarded the students who passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC Examination
This time, the no confidence motion against the Speaker will be brought by the UDP, NPP and the HSPDP.
He added that the government itself is trying to follow in the footsteps and goals of Purno Agitok Sangma and the opening of this is one of them.
There is a country more beautiful than the day (time in 24 hours) and by faith we can see even far away from here our heavenly Father is waiting for that road there and to prepare you bag shongneh there.
“Bah Lawai said that they are protesting because the government has not implemented their demand to relocate the old Mawryngkneng PHC to a new one and to provide the necessities of the hospital from an ambulance and electricity in the area. care.
New Delhi, July 25 : India's U-17 women's football team lost 1-3 to Chile in a friendly match on Tuesday in Aquileia, Italy.
Shillong: There have been 39 new cases of covid-19 in East Khasi Hills today.
However, as of now, the rightful collection of funds by MeECL is not sufficient and besides, it has to collect money on top of money, which will inevitably delay this important department to a great extent.
He said that if the teachers in Garo Hills, the government has re-appointed, the same should be done for the teachers in Khasi and Jaintia Hills, but this is a bias by the MDA Government. The union through Bah Donbok also demanded that the government should temporarily suspend the Inspector and an uniformed policeman who threw gas in front of the teachers.
They also had the opportunity to record their songs on recorders by singing in Kolkata and Guwahati from about 1937 onwards.
They were identified as Abhay Gadru, 25, from Mumbai and Yash Ramugade, 25, from Mumbai.
Shillong, July 13: On the 12th of this month, Sohra PS police found a dead body of Bah Donbor Shabong, 35 years old. The body was found from Kharang, Kongthong under Sohra PS (EKH).
“One is because the Trinamool party is now fighting to take over from the ruling party in the state,” he said. Although the party leaders have not yet said anything, it is understood that Bah Batskhem will be the candidate for the party in
The purpose of the vote is to replace the MLAs who are corrupt, useless, unfair, biased, unable to make laws, corrupt, corrupt, illegal, hangamei, lying. immoral, corrupt and money launderers who are the most corrupt and those who deceive the electorate.
The statement through the President of KSU JHDU also urged the Circles and Units of the KSU in both the districts to cooperate with the government if necessary at any time.
The students who won chess were: Rikynti Lyngdoh, Computer-Intermediate: Zephyrlyne Deibameai Lyngdoh, Computer-Accounting: Khanchui Jajo, DTP (Part I): Iarilang Lyngdoh Nonglait, and Ronan Youroi from other higher education.
The 23rd of November is the “SENG KUT SNEM” day, the day we commemorate the founding of the Seng Khasi. you are your nation.
Shillong: The UHM Central Body, in a statement, said that it is surprised that hundreds of motorcycles and several small vehicles have arrived. and walk slowly from Umwali to Mawsikar, where the residents of the village have been afraid of the influx of these people from Assam especially in this time of pandemic, when the COVID19 pandemic is still rampant here. in the city and especially in Assam.
In these few days, they have been shooting with slingshot, and some have been injured.
Therefore, I advise all those who wish to celebrate Christmas to belong to the true Christian faith and not to belong to different religions as they do these days.
Bellingham will become the first England player to score for Real Madrid in a major league game since 2007 when David Beckham scored.
In addition, their agricultural products were bought at high prices in the market or overpriced by the traders.
He said that as the Chief Officer, he will work from the heart to develop the youth of the area. days, or 3 times a day to help them to convey their grievances to the Government through this NeIPS Training Scheme. Work together in the form of SHGs as this will help in the development of each other as responsible youth.
On June 3, 2014, a woman from Ummulong village lodged a complaint with the Ummulong Outpost Police Station that her husband, Shaibor Lyngkhoi, had raped her. her 12-year-old daughter.
However, he said that the report card he has submitted should show all the works he has done whether it is in relation to roads, water supply, health, education and support from the government. for the youth of the constituency.
In East Garo Hills, 16 cases have been confirmed, in East Jaintia Hills, 45 cases, including 8 High Risk Contacts, 5 ILI cases, 6 cases from Narwan Cluster, 24 cases from Sohkymphor Cluster and 2 cases from Screening Purpose.
The youth of the State who have completed their studies in various fields when working with foreigners, often receive praise for their intelligence and hard work in the projects assigned to them.
The President of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills, Bah Arminius Lipon, said that the Union urges the residents and village leaders to be respectful and respectful of the rule of law in the villages so that the elections to the Dorbar Bah of the villages will be held. The country shall be smooth and successful without discrimination.
Shillong: Sohra received 158.0mm of rainfall today, while 60.0mm today; Shillong received 28.0mm of rainfall today and 36.0mm today.
Baneerjee's most memorable match was his goal against France at the 1960 Rome Olympics. This goal, which enabled India to play against France.
She said that this march when there is a shooting incident causes fear among the students, parents, passers-by and others.
The comments here are the personal views of the author.
The Government of India will provide a one-time grant of up to Rs 10 crore to the bank.
When asked whether the creation of blocks means that the party no longer trusts the MLAs, Lapang said the Congress party has not banned the MLAs from applying for tickets. It is up to the AICC to take a decision on the ticket.
We urge all the syiar vendors from retailers to traders to register with the Seng so that there will be no delays in the work and to be able to prevent the entry of foreigners who have been involved in this industry. AMPSRA President Bah Wanshailang Kharshandi in an interview with the media on Friday.
Gaurav scored 62 runs from 30 balls including four fours and seven sixes while Macdonald scored 62 runs from 35 balls including eight fours and four sixes.
He said that recently, the leaders of the Union of Village Authorities of Langdongdai Area together with the elders of the area, came together to clean up the landslide along the Langdongdai-Malangkona road just to avoid the Mahindra pickups. which is not available in Joypur.
On this occasion, u Lyngdoh Sad said that today's women have appeared and progressed even in the society compared to men although in the field of work women have become more skilled.
Pyngrope said that MPCC President Pala is in Rajabala to campaign for the party candidate and this shows that Pala and Dr Mukul Sangma are working hard to The party has won the mid-term elections.
The collapse of the bridge has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers who have to travel from one side to the other.
The Central Government on 15th November 2021, has decided to celebrate Janjatiya Gaurav Divas in memory of Birsam Munda, the freedom fighter of the tribes.
After six days, when my father left the house, Rida also left the house without knowing where she was going.
The National People's Party (NPP) has congratulated Dr WR Kharlukhi on his successful election as MP Rajya Sabha.
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong has demanded that the NHAI should address the problem faced by the residents regarding the condition of the NH-6 which passes through Wapungskur.
Jowai, Naiwieng 11 : The Meghalaya Bharat Scouts and Guides, West Jaintia Hills District today held a Foundation Day to commemorate the 73rd Anniversary of the Seng. A special meeting was held at the District Headquarters, Jowai.
Besides, the State Government will deduct the coal tax, the Meghalaya Environmental Regeneration Fund (MERF) fee and 10 per cent to Coal India Limited from the proceeds from the sale or auction of coal, he added.
The United Provinces has about two million acres of rice fields, making it the largest producer of sugarcane and gur in India.
Shillong: While trying to get accurate information from the ASHAs who are volunteer health workers, regarding the speech of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare James Sangma in the Legislative Assembly on Rupang spoke to the leader of the ASHA (MAWU), Kong M Myrsing, to find out more about this. The President of MAWU, said that It is surprising to see from their side the statement of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare because the ASHAs have never received the salary of 4000 excluding the incentives from the NHM until now. They receive only 2000 tyngka per month from the state government and not as the Minister said in the House that they receive 4000 tyngka per month.
Messi opened the scoring for Argentina in the 10th minute (P) but Saudi equalized in the 48th minute through Saleh Alshehri and Salem Aldawsari. in the 53rd minute.
However, the surprising thing is that when meetings are held in the villages, the people come even if they are not invited and spend their own money saying that they want change and even if they have to It is also the hard work of the office bearers from the youth, women and elderly which has led the people to turn their backs on the HSPDP candidate. you are the candidate of the party.
“Dr Warjri said that Warjri's allegation that he pretends to have no knowledge of the expenditure on the disease is groundless as it is just a trick of the TMC. “Kong Warjri said that I just pretend that I don't know anything about the Bill, it's just an unfounded allegation,” he added.
Let us give our lives to Him, Let us be a new creation, As He died for us, Let us bear witness to His name.
“As mentioned here, there are up to seven candidates contesting the election to be held on the 10th of June.
Staising Khartbteng, Sub-Inspector of Schools, SDSEO, who was the chief guest in his speech, said that the government has introduced sports in schools. As part of the physical activity of the students, it also brings about mental development, a healthy body and frees them from bad habits especially in the intoxicating drinks.
In a statement, the NCP Vice President said that the passing away of Bah Hoping has brought a great loss to the state which has lost its outstanding leader.
It is on these responsibilities to empower the farmers that the government provides support to develop their group.
Charm, who encouraged all the bowlers in this match, took 6/6 wickets in 3 overs and was named Player of the Match.
This is the plot of the Karbi and the Assam Government to get Block-1
Shillong: The NEHUSU Students Union (NEHUSU) has expressed its regret and opposition to the urgent decision of the Vice Chancellor (VC) of the University to implement the National Education Policy (NEP) 2020 from 1st July
Shillong, June 26 : The KSU Laitumkhrah Unit together with Team Revolution MMA will hold the Meghalaya Cage Fight Night on the 19th June 2023 at Anton Hall starting at 3 pm.
Hamlet Dohling said the Sub-Committee has already submitted its report on the Motor Area but could not send it back to the HLC due to the outbreak of corona virus in the state and India. hi all.
Besides, he urged everyone to give their best for the future generation and the honor should not end only in the laying of flowers but through many activities.
“What we have already signed, we are told to go to court.
Shillong, March 6: The Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW) has demanded strict punishment for those involved in the murder of a 15-year-old girl in East Garo Hills district.
In this incident, Kong Balapynhun, her father and son escaped with the help of the villagers.
The Indian Express, which published the news, said it had spoken to BJP leaders about the exclusion of the two religions and later, Christians were included, but the exclusion continued. pat to the Parsis believers.
NorthEast, the leading club for North East India, opened the scoring through Parthib Sundar Gogoi, also from Assam, in the 26th minute.
“If implemented, it will weaken the powers from the district council courts, to the subordinate courts or courts of the Hima and also the village courts or courts in the villages.
The NPP West Jaintia Hills District Unit prays that God will bless all those who have a relationship with Ma Sunday at this time of darkness.
He hopes the Governor will use his expertise on this matter before he does.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 07: The Meghalaya Estimate Committee of the Government of Meghalaya has visited the construction site of the Industrial Training Institute (ITI) at Sakwang Village, South West Khasi Hills District.
“When it comes from the Urban Department and goes to the Revenue Department and comes to the Cabinet and we will approve it,” said Prestone. to others, because he had nothing but accusations, accusations and accusations.
Speaking before the performance, the group led by Sanam Puri said, “We are pleased to hear that Snow-White has become so talented and this shows that it is a very talented group. from Shillong.
God will soon judge the wicked.
On Tuesday night at 11 pm, a sudden cold weather with heavy rainfall has affected many farmers who rely on the cultivation of many crops. and they began to grow in the fields.
They also do so because they have enough money.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah HDR Lyngdoh said that the completion and handover of this house will be a pride for the state after the approval of the people.
God is a spirit.
The meeting was held by the two circles of the KSU, led by Samla Laitphar Syngkrem of KSU War Jaintia Circle and Samla Eleaser Diengdoh of KSU South Central Circle.
Is your teaching right? Without mentioning the rural schools which don't have a single computer, there is no network.
Some of the diseases that cause stomach ulcers, gastro-enteritis and stomach ulcers are:- There are many tips to prevent these diseases that you can follow to get a healthy body. healthy.
Speaking to reporters, the Executive Member in charge of Mining and Geology of the Council, Bah Donkupar Sumer, confirmed that the state government has sent a letter to the Council but the The Council has not yet decided whether to hold a meeting.
There are two churches in the village, the Presbyterian Church with 29 households and the Catholic Church with 41 households.
“If I refuse, I will be allowed to sit down.
JE Tariang was the first President of the Congress party in the state and was also an MP of the Rajya Sabha for one term. The Congress Bhavan is now standing.
He also tied for 64 runs on Saturday in the first innings.
The man who visited the farm stopped at the farm after the floods in the Myntdu River.
And death and hell were cast into the lake of fire, which is the second death. And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire" Revelation 20:12-1 .
The same area has been flooded in the past years and Rymbui said that as the building is not safe for the students of the school, it will have to be demolished.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: U MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday expressed his opposition and strong condemnation to the people involved in the smuggling of drugs near Sweeper's Lane opposite Bhutia Market. on Tuesday which was recorded by the visitors and posted on social media.
As is the case whenever we have heavy rainfall, this day was no different in that we saw that the downpour had made the roads slippery in some parts of the Shillong is not flooded with water; Heavy rainfall has also caused many people to take out their vehicles and the roads have been blocked and this has caused heavy traffic jam.
“We know that the cells that surround the head are stronger than other parts of the body that do not receive air.
Anjali, who last ran the 400m in April 2019 at the Indian Open Championships in Ranchi, finished in 51.58 seconds. Haimashi Malik (51.76s) defeated Haimashi Malik (51.76s) for the gold medal in the tournament.
(About the author: Bah Adelbert Nongrum is MLA of 17 North Shillong).
“Now it is time to clean up the river and its surroundings before and after the Puja,” he said.
Because it is estimated that about 100 to 200 tyngka per day, the consumption of meat alone in the urban areas will reach.
Therefore, the United States is also waiting for an explanation from China on the origin and spread of the Covid-19 virus which has caused the world's worst pandemic and the disease has also destroyed many people have lost their lives in this world in the past 3 years.
According to Hek, the Minister has asked for the preparation of the necessary in this regard.
One example is when a person runs away to ryng-kang bran from any place, it is called 'Krad laimaw laidieng' and in another part when he runs away from that place, it is called and he said, 'Don't be afraid.
Not only that, in the past few months, even Bah Ardent, has started to feel that he should have announced his resignation at today's meeting, but he has not. The CEM has decided to continue in his post as Leader of the KHADC. Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit today said that the CEM has decided to continue in office as the leader of the KHADC. He announced at a public meeting at Madan Student that he will continue as CEM in KHADC, but he will not accept the terms and conditions set by the UDP. “I will continue to work, but I will not accept any rules, I will do as I should and I will work as I should,” said Ardent.
The United Nations (UN) on this occasion, strongly condemned Russia's 500-day invasion of Ukraine.
“They will sit in the second row specially invited for VIPs and Modi will be in the first row,” Shibun said.
The JSU said that it cannot allow the Jowai Municipal Board and JHADC to collect the garbage after the Jowai Municipal Board and JHADC refused to listen and watch the condition of the Iawmusiang Market. from the markets and from the houses of the people.
Minister Kyrmen Shylla attended the meeting and in his speech he expressed his gratitude to the KSU and the Down Town Hospital for organizing this treatment programme.
According to the Principal of the Police Training Schools, Maw-iong, Bah Lakador Syiem, who is also the Member Secretary of the Central Recruitment Board; These people were sent to their friends, by paying money and came to interview themselves but unfortunately, they were arrested for this theft.
After the 2023 elections, the Congress won three seats, four from Khasi-Jaintia and one from Garo.
Ezekiel 37:14.
Apolin Ïawphniaw Parit and Lucina Lyngkhoi Meirit, the mother of the child, said that they are very happy with what their child has received.
The final will be played tomorrow in the women's category of Amlarem Govt.
Jowai, November 11 : The Dorbar Shnong Namdong-B West Jaintia Hills on Saturday celebrated the 50th Anniversary of the Village Council or the Golden Jubilee Celebration. In the presence of Thombor Shiwat, CEM of JHADC, Evening Tron MDC of JHADC, Rev. Fr Dominic Kympat and other dignitaries.
Because according to the Government's directive to implement the laws, it is as follows:-.
To plant Agor trees, the soil type should be examined.
He said that his becoming an MLA is the blessing of Dr DD Lapang who was like a father, teacher and close friend, who raised him and gave him water and fertilizer. It doesn't matter if you're in another house, although it's not in public, but Maheh Dr.DD Lapang will bless me from behind.
The change in this regard is that other non-Garo can be appointed, but they must know and understand the culture of the Garo, even if they are appointed by Garo from outside the country. State of Meghalaya.
They recalled that Purno had mentioned that there are 22 languages ​​from 28 states of India but from the North East only 3 languages ​​have been included in the 8th Schedule, Assamese. , Manipur and Bodo.
Chawamiki Ryngkhlem became the top scorer and led the AJCA to a 67-run victory against South West Khasi Hills (SWKH) in the Inter District U-19 Boys Cricket Tournament. The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has won the Zone 1 tournament in Khliehtyrshi on Tuesday.
“As the days go by, the NPP is getting stronger and this is a good sign and 5-6 seats have been confirmed from Jaintia Hills but so far, 7 seats have been confirmed if the NPP from Jaintia Hills wins the elections. ", said Mr. Snail.
“If something happens, they should do it just to get honor,” he said.
Until now, we have not received any complaints about the assistance, which goes to the people, because no one has complained whether the income is sufficient or insufficient, whether the food is good or bad; However, from the assistance to the Prime Minister's plan, we have seen that one result has come out and that is negative or in other words, it is that the vehicles carrying patients to the State , are the oldest vehicles, which have been purchased by the UP government or we can put it in one word and that is that the money, which has gone to the budget of the prime minister, has gone to the purchase. by old times.
Nongpoh, Nailur 26: The Joint Action Committee against Casinos in Ri Bhoi District today decided to demand the repeal of the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act, 2021 from the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. I don't want to open a casino in Ri Bhoi District.
It may be recalled that in 2018, religious leaders were also invited to pray for the newly elected legislators.
The incident happened at 7.15 pm when the doors of the house were thrown stones and the windows were broken.
This understanding on the part of the electorate will bring about a positive change for the present.4The present creates the future, it is the electorate of the present era who can bring about the political leaders of that future that we desire.
This goal also strengthened the spirit of Umphyrnai which struggled to the end of Sawmer but could not score.
Regarding the extension of the curfew despite the fact that the state still has 15 cases of Covid-19, Tyngsong said that the people should not be afraid, because the government Together with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, it has been able to curb the spread of the disease in the state, as at present those who have the disease are only those who have come from outside the state.
He said that at present there are three schools which have received permission to upgrade their schools to Higher Secondary Level.
After the granting of Meghalaya as a sub-state or full fledged state in 1970 and a full fledged state in 1972, the Government of India continues to oversee the creation of new states such as Goa, Sikkim, Telengana, etc., Union Territory of Jammu and Kashmir and so on.
Former Shillong Lajong FC coach Alison Kharsyntiew has been appointed as the full assistant coach of Mohammedan Club. Sporting SC (West Bengal club, Kolkata) with Russian coach Andrey Chershynov.
As the CMSDF, when I offered 50 lakh, he gave me only 10 lakh.
The Christmas song was sung by Daphinia Kharshanlor and the students of the Chief Minister Youth Centre, Saiden.
He said the sending of a women's delegation to the Democratic Republic of Congo strengthens the aim of transforming India into a powerful country.
You can contact us through these media links.
I will fight for the poor and needy so that they will be free from trouble and evil.
“This is to showcase our talents so that our traditional dress will be passed down from generation to generation and to enrich our culture,” said Bah Shadap.
Interested students can visit the MSSDS office at Grove Site Building, 3rd Floor, Keating Road Shillong, and for more information please visit the website @www.mssds.
The player should have scored a hat trick if the ball he threw back later went into the net.
The ceremony was held at the Langdoh's house in Loomiongkjam, Jowai according to the religious beliefs inherited under the leadership of Dolloi Puramon Kynjing. , Lord Ummulong, Lord Shillong and Lord Niamtre Ladthadlaboh.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, the Chief Guest urged everyone to work together in all areas to promote various sports activities in the area.
Shillong: U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, together with Home Minister James Sangma and their family, have left for Europe.
Jowai Blood Bank Center on 17th September, 2022, joined the Mega Voluntary Blood Donation Drive – Raktdean Amrit Mahotsav by organizing a Blood Donation Drive and Awareness Program at WK Woodland Hospital, Sabamuwang.
Therefore, the infection of children in about 230 schools in Iran has caused fear among parents, relatives and the citizens of the country as a whole. one because of the insecurity of children attending schools.
Therefore, the council should stop calling for tender to auction this river and hand it over to the people through the Association to look after and maintain.
The final of the First Division Football Tournament will be played today between Chiehruphi SYWSC and Ladrymbai B SC at 1 pm.
However, it was seen that one of the police chiefs, immediately went to see for himself how these guns, how not one of them did not shoot into the air, but he too, did not manage to fire the ktang. gun.
Speaking to media, the Rangbah Shnong of Nongshken, Bah Thombor Marbaniang, said that the incident which happened on the 8th of April on the allegation of rape of a woman was not true. It happened in the border area of ​​Nongshken.
Athiya and Rahul have been dating since June this year and some believe that the relationship between the two has started to grow stronger.
This is part of their protest to implement their demands including the VII Pay Review Committee, the 3rd Amendment to the UGC Regulation 2010 and the Ph.D.
“Now that you have grown up, I feel like I don't exist anymore...” said Rida's mother. She was very sad about what had happened in her life.
They also alleged that the Chief Minister and the MDA government have auctioned the land of the state to Assam and the reason is that before taking the final decision they did not go through the people. and those who know well about the border, especially the Raid and Hima rulers.
“In addition, the weigh-pads, which, according to the State, will cost T.27 lakh each, should be purchased for use in key areas,” the order said.
In the second half, although both sides played hard, they could not score.
Most of the residents who have done so are from Kamphaduli, Nawapara, Dronpara, Bangjeng and Kyrshai.
Rahul Gandhi today slammed the Indian government for failing to provide employment opportunities to the youth of the country. .
Director of Sports and Youth Affairs Smti Laloo (Director of Sports and Youth Affairs) and Minister of Sports Warjri, who participated in the race along with the MSOA office bearers, handed over the cash prizes to the winners. Shillong, July 23: The Khasi Hills Democratic Front (KHDF) led by Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem has been appointed as the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). ) has decided to continue the issuance of Trading License against foreigners who trade in property within the Council's jurisdiction.
Musk and his wife, Grimes, a famous musician, gave birth to a son on January 4 and named him X Æ A-12 Musk.
He is a well-respected, respected person who is respected and appreciated by his family, community and society.
Police immediately rushed to the scene and shot dead him.
In 2022, the decision (ii) had to be taken again, and the application was called again. There were two candidates of Linda Nongkrem and Pale.
Caroline Colony opened the scoring through Kamai and Paslein in the 33rd minute. Mukhla Raij turned the tide through Wansalan Sari in the 42nd minute. the two groups have reached the end.
The Minister said that as a step in the struggle for water conservation, the State Government has taken many measures, including Externally Aided Project (EAP) and the Ministry of Public Works of the Government of India.
Speaking at the programme, the Additional Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills, Kong JU Kharpuri, stressed on the need to take care of the children from infancy until they reach adulthood. you are 8 years old.
This scheme will apply only to those houses which have been damaged and burnt down during the clashes between the Meitei and Kuki-Zomi ethnic groups recently. The Tribal Solidarity March was organized by the All Tribal Students Union Manipur (ATSUM), government officials said.
Applicants must also bring their original birth certificates on the day of the screening day.
However, when these same singers won the "India's Got Talent" competition in 2010, the whole of India and the whole world recognized them.
Perhaps it will be exactly as Jesus said, “Not everyone who says to me, 'Lord, Lord,' will die.
The PM Formalization of Micro Food Processing Enterprises (PMFME) is another scheme funded by the Central Government with the aim of helping small food processing enterprises to contribute more to income generation.
In his speech, Ardent said that clean governance is the first goal of the Voice of the People's Party.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Arunachal Pradesh by eight wickets in the U-19 Women's One-Day Trophy at Kadapa, Andhra Pradesh on Saturday.
The expenses of the election of the Sordar shall be borne by the Hima.
At the meeting of the CLP, which was held today, they saw that the number of cases of COVID-19 in the rural areas has increased, but the problem is that the testing of people is very low. The Government should use the powers it has such as the Rural Development Department, CHCs, PHCs to do this to prevent the spread of COVID-1
For whatever reason, industrial development has not been successful in this region due to the lack of opportunities for development and more equitable development in the north of India, especially in the capitals of the major states in the country. hundreds.
Karan has been accused of insulting the Japi, which is a tuppia that has been honored in Assam.
Four persons including one accused of involvement in the IED blast incident in Khliehriat Police Reserve in 2021 have been arrested by the East Jaintia Hills Police on charges of extortion.
According to sources, the two HSPDP MLAs, Bah Shakliar Warjri and Methodious Dkhar, who supported the NPP party, said that they have no choice but to form a non-NPP government. Non-Indian People's Party (BJP).
“The department has decided to empower any officer to issue transportation to cow buyers and to have an office copy for the accounts,” he said. , that the government will hold a meeting on this for the safety and security of the people.
How much more will the people listen to the election campaign of the leaders of various parties when the information and understanding has reached and seen in the eyes and ears of each and every person through those channels. social media through mobile phones and the internet.
This will be followed by the match between Lumparing SC and Mawlai SC from Group B at 4:15 pm; Both teams have scored 12 points but Mawlai are leading by a goal difference of +32 to +2
That Leader shall be the Leader of the people in his or her respective constituency.
Everyone in the Niakha and Rida family agreed.
This place where there is no road is not in the place where they used to dig and not in the place where they used to build the road.
On the other hand, the KSU WKHD, after receiving the request, today, under the leadership of Samla John Fisher Nongsiang, President of KSU WKHD, went to meet the Principal of NIOS. KJP Synod Sepngi School but on that day they did not meet the Principal of the school, because he has school work in other places, so the Seng has decided to meet him and the Principal of the school. I'm going to sleep until 4 pm.
Besides, the Seng has also demanded the replacement of a post light in Umlyngsha village, which has almost collapsed when the residents of the village are in fear especially those families who live near the post light.
However, initially only 47 people were selected through a thorough assessment based on their skills in the field of tourism and knowledge of the safe route and transportation that drivers need to know.
Speaking to Mawphor, FKJGP General Secretary Byrnihat Circle, Bah Noah Khongstid said that the FKJGP has been talking about this issue from time to time. The MLA of Jirang, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun and the Union of Dorbar Shnongs of the Area have come forward to speak on this issue. You shall not open the road, nor shall you bring the road to the right place.
To receive the power from God to increase righteousness in one's life, by praying to God from a pure heart.
Shilling represented the state in the 1988 National Junior in Kerala and the 1993 Santosh Trophy in Madras.
One of the cow traders, Bah Khrawkupar Kharnaior, said that it is a big problem even to import the cows they buy from the state. “We have a lot of extortion especially in Patharkhmar and Ribhoi Districts where those who don't come out of the forest also come out to extort money from us,” he added.
“We are ready to meet and talk with the people but to return to the MoU will never happen.
The meeting also decided to approve the amendment to the Meghalaya Telecom Infrastructure Policy (MTIP) “The Government of India has changed the policy a little bit and the State Government will have to make a change,” he said. .
Hundreds of people attended the enrollment drive of the BJP in Riatsamthiah yesterday.
St. Anthony HSS as the winner received a cash prize of 20,000 tyngka and a trophy and OM Roy HSS, which came second, received a cash prize of 10,000 tyngka and a trophy.
A pomblang sacrifice was also held, in which five langiong were cut down, for the benefit of the people of the area and especially the coal mine owners. It was also seen that the government led by Mukul Sangma will not be stable and will not be able to complete its term.
But what will happen to the owners of the fields who cannot afford to bring in the fields? Will they just have to auction off their parcels to those who are richer and more parcelled? The Meghalaya High Court on Friday said that it would be better if the state government encourages small coal owners to form groups or cooperatives so that they can get permits. for the initiation of scientific mining, and after that, the government can guide these groups to ensure that coal mining is in accordance with all the rules and regulations .
Shillong, March 12: The BSF today celebrated the 'Azadi ka Amrit Mahotsav' at Bakur village on the border with Bangladesh in West Jaintia Hills District. The ceremony was held to showcase the weapons available to the BSF to defend the country and to fight against the insurgents.
The Khasi Authors Society (KA) on Monday demanded that the Khasi language should be recognized as the Official Language of the State. slow slow bah.
On the other hand, Oriland Shylla (Life Member of IRCS) who is also the Treasurer of the Society in his opening remarks explained the purpose of the Society which works to provide special assistance to the poor and needy. face trouble in need.
They also alleged that even the medicines were given by those who had expired and the sanitary pads were not given on time to the girls.
For hundreds of years they lived in Babylon as slaves and in Babylon they could not sing the Lord's song (Psalm 137).
During the search operation, the ICG recovered 61 kilograms of heroin worth T.425 crore from the ship.
Robert Raikes' Sunday School also taught the villagers to read, write and count.
Shillong, July 30 : The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on Monday said that the NPP's claim to win 34 out of 57 candidates shows that it has already won. Up to 23 candidates are contesting from the party in the MLA elections to be held next month.
If the insurgents are banned, it will affect not only the economic development, but also the peace and stability, therefore before reaching that border, the five ethnic groups, demanded the Government of India. , that it should implement these demands of the people as soon as possible, said Bah Lamphrang.
The son of the family, who was born in Shella on 10.11.1954, is a different person. He started his career as a teacher at the Synod College, where he was not only a teacher. teach the young men knowledge, but also manners.
Khliehriat, Iaiong 20 : It is surprising that the T10 tyngka coin does not sell in East Jaintia Hills District, because the shopkeepers whether they are big or small shops do not accept the money. T.10, T, 2 and T.5 tyngka in silver, while T.1, T, 2 and T5 tyngka in silver, Arkijuh Dkhar, from Khliehriat, today laid a The Deputy Commissioner said that the people in the district are not willing to accept the T10 notes issued by the Reserve Bank of India.
For example, Garo Hills does not have a railway line, but the prices of food items remain the same,” said the statement.
He said that the Medical Hunar Hub will be a special assistance for the recruitment of skilled staff especially in accordance with the goal of Preventive Health Care which is clearly stated in the Meghalaya State Health Policy.
Fortunately, no casualties were reported, except for the damage to all the belongings inside the two houses.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Bryllyen-Henry Syiem, Acting Syiem and the Sanad issued by the KHADC was read out by the Dy.CEM in charge of the Elaka, Bah Pynshngaiñ N.Syiem.
The Supreme Court has ordered that until further notice, the money in the account of Stied Dkhar should remain as it is and also in the account of Nongsiej.
Seinraij Jowai president OR Shallam said that Chad Sukra was revived in November 2005 after being lost for about 50 years and now it has been on its journey for 18 years.
On the other hand, he said that the Government should issue orders to the employees working in various departments (who live in the area) and to send them to the residences of the Government. , while for those who remained illegally, the Government “knew what it had to do".
It is urgent to elect a CEM, as Rule 22 (3) stipulates that if a new CEM cannot be elected within 48 hours, the Governor shall appoint any MDC. the CEM and four MDCs to become Executive Members.
The duty of a father is to raise, to nurture, to feed and to protect his children.
The Meghalaya Filmmakers Association (MeFilMA) has met with Himalaya Shangpliang, Director of DIPR, regarding the Deputy Commissioner's refusal to release Khasi films.
This law shall be effective immediately until further notice.
If the Government does not want to bring about development, it should turn around and improve and provide for all the shortcomings and problems faced by the residents before calling back the residents. and it was fruitful and sweet like a little child.
The smart meter tips the bill.
Jowai, July 16: Police, BSF and civilians from Sonapur area, have recovered 16 bodies of bus crash victims in Sonapur today. The bus has been trapped inside the bus since the morning of the second day.
Shillong, July 24: The High Court on Friday will hear the PIL filed by CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing against MLAs/MDCs.
The investigation, published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, found that the mayors of the two major political parties were involved with both groups. , that many lie and that women are not as likely to lie as men.
The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council, Bah Robert June Kharjahrin, took the lead in confirming the new office bearers of the National Council.
The lack of benefits from this scheme from all the governments, Meghalaya and Assam has caused a huge loss to many of the residents. scheme and also to bring about development works in the village.
The National People's Party (NPP) President and Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has left for the Legislative Assembly on 27th June. He has been appointed to all the constituencies of Ri-Lum Garo.
The celebration of the International Day of Art of Giving is part of the reminder to everyone that they can make a difference in the lives of others through charity, love and compassion.
In his speech, the Governor urged the people to be clean to avoid any problems.
“We have received a letter from the central government and the Ministry of Home Affairs regarding the sending of assistance to the members of the party,” he said. before proceeding further.
The Pastor said that he sees that the gifts given by the leaders, blossom only a little at first and disappear for a while, so he appealed to the people to take good care of them, to consider them their products.
“If we find anyone who disturbs the movement of the people, we will arrest them and those leaders of those groups who order their people to cause trouble will also be arrested. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the SP.
God blesses those who know how to use it, but it is a curse to those who are proud.
The coal is located at four places including Phramer Traffic Cell, Phramer 70Mt.
The meeting was conducted by the Principal of Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat, Dr. Phervision Nongtdu.
Due to the lack of a concrete promise, the Jugali decided to continue their strike until they received a letter confirming their appointment.
According to them, it is alleged that Lum Blei Killing, if not addressed immediately, will soon collapse due to the quarrying.
Therefore, regarding this small part of the road, the Mawtari Balang together with the Dorbar Shnong, urged the government through them it is time for the government through the PWD department to take action to start If only the road could be completed, it would be a great blessing to the people of the area.
When contacted by the dumper drivers, they said that they have people who are willing to drive these vehicles in connection with the owners of the stone so that they can reach Assam safely without any problems. These vehicles have been registered only for the owner of the vehicle and after a day they have to pay the fee to the forest department of 1000 per trip without any need for Shalan's permits because they have already arranged them. to pay.
“It is up to the present government to give an answer to the people why this terrible incident has happened and is happening.
“I have closed down madrasas and I have said that my goal is clear that our Muslim brothers and sisters should become doctors, engineers and so we have closed down madrasas,” he said. The madrasas are funded by the government.
On the occasion of the International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today spoke about the increase in the number of drug users in the state.
The Minister also expressed the need to improve the vaccination of children, especially those who have not been able to get vaccinated during the Covid-19 pandemic.
but that which ye have already hold fast till I come.
The results can also be obtained through the website www.ExamResults.
Uttarakhand Chief Minister Vijay Bahuguna said the death toll could rise to 1,000 during a visit to the army personnel in the area. .
Those who wish to learn more about soybeans can download the following books:.
He said the time has come to make the mother tongue an integral part of the country's unity.
However, because she was not happy, she said to Deisy, “I'm going to take Bahnah home, when I get time, don't worry, I'm going to talk like that...” She laughed again.
Therefore, blind people need more respect because even if they cannot see, they try their best to walk, stand, work like everyone else, whether at home or in the community.
He said that he will fight as much as he can to get a new road because if you repair it for a while it can collapse again. In the months of July, the construction of this road will start.
Shillong, November 09: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) has decided to send a letter to the Registrar of the Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday to protest against the overloading of trucks. They violated the order of the Transport Department and the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District which prohibited them from passing through the road connecting the Damsite Bridge.
“From now on, we will work hard to expand the party across the country so that the goal of independence in 2028 will be achieved,” he said.
Because at the time of Khan's arrest, Pakistani authorities alleged that Khan and his relatives, along with all those connected with him, were planning to flee and leave Pakistan to escape the punishment and shall escape the hands of the law.
New Delhi, March 23: The Presbyterian Church in Mizoram has changed the date of the elections in the state and the elections in the state will be held on 25th November
A small example is the dewbilat factories that have been established in the state.
Full Office Bearers of FKJGP Lai Shnong Area Unit: President: Hopewell Kharkongor, Vice President: Pynshai Kurkalang, General – Secretary: Kyrshan Langstieh, Education Secretary: Kenny Star Syiem Kurkalang , Asst.Agri.
In East Khasi Hills, 46 cases including 2 Armed Forces and 44 civilians, in West Garo Hills, 16 cases including 5 Armed Forces and 11 civilians. There are 5 cases in South Garo Hills, 4 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 2 cases in East Garo Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills and 1 case in West Garo Hills.
They said that this is a violation of the Memorandum of Association (MOA) and the rules and regulations of the Dr H Gordon Roberts Presbyterian Hospital Association.
Sohblei Khongji said that in the early years, the believers of this village (Sohphoh) fell under the jurisdiction of the Parish Laitumkhrah. In 1952, they fell under the Parish of Nongpoh and in 1972, they fell under the Parish of Umsohlait.
We should not sting this virus.
Shillong, Nailur 7: After a meeting with the AICC General Secretary for Meghalaya, Luizi Nhu Faleiro on Thursday, the Congress MLAs who are fighting to remove Dr Mukul Sangma from the party have said that the Congress MLAs who are fighting for the election of Dr Mukul Sangma from the party. Sonia Gandhi, the prime minister, has been appointed as the prime minister.
However, the power to collect revenue by the Autonomous District Councils and Hima authorities is only within their jurisdiction and cannot extend to the National Highway and State Road, which falls within the boundary of the Autonomous District Council. The order has also been sent to the Deputy Commissioners of East Khasi Hills District, West Khasi Hills District, South West Khasi Hills District, Eastern West Khasi Hills District and Ribhoi District to implement the order. .
He said the government wants to complete this work as soon as possible for the benefit of the people of the state.
The IEC Van of the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting has arrived at Harinkata Rabha in North Garo Hills district.
Another election issue that could shake India is the Uniform Civil Code which the BJP has not yet implemented.
Ray, who scored a half century and also took a wicket, was awarded the title of 'The Kynsai Warrior'
Williamnagar, Nailur 01 : As part of the celebration of the 75th birth anniversary of former Lok Sabha Speaker, PA Sangma, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday launched a u budam has sent direct financial support to more than 1200 households under the FOCUS + scheme, which aims to provide assistance to agricultural households in the state.
Nongpoh: Assam Police have raided the electricity posts of MeECL at Iongkhuli village near Umtyrnga, Raid Marwet in Ri Bhoi District. It is seen that this village, which may not be known to many people from Meghalaya, but this incident has made this village, to appear as one of the famous villages, because the MLAs and MDCs on the side of the ruler or against the town.
Saul of Tarsus was deeply afraid of the gospel and of acts of love.
In India, the death toll has risen to 603, bringing the total number of cases to 18,985 in the country so far, with 44 deaths and 1,329 new cases. .
This prophecy was fulfilled after Jesus was no longer on earth.
So far, 5,831 people have recovered, 3,109 have been admitted to hospital and 12 have died.
On the same day, the Shnong also elected other leaders including the Chairman, Secretary, DM Swer, Assistant Secretary, Treasurer, KL Nonglait, Finance Secretary. , K. Marbaniang, Adviser, AS Roy Malai and other members of the Executive Committee.
Finally, Bah Ronnie also accused the media of not explaining to the people how to elect their rulers and also of not pointing out the shortcomings of the governments from time to time. .
“If the TMC says that we have gone ahead to announce the candidates in Meghalaya and it no longer wants to work with the Congress, then why don't they announce that there has been an arrangement for the constituencies to work together in West Bengal.
In Rajasthan, 302 new cases have been reported today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 15,232 with 2,966 undergoing treatment.
Tangmar did not listen to Tongsoh.
The pool is located in the middle of the night and for this reason those who have visited the pool say that it is the world's most dangerpus swimming pool.
They tried to arrest these robbers by monitoring them, but it turned worse, and they were locked up by a large group of people in Umroi Nongrah village. The robbers attacked the wife of Bah George and her brothers.
With this victory, Chiehruphi will qualify for the Super Division Football Tournament next season.
Banerjee has made it clear that she will not allow the implementation of the NRC and CAB in West Bengal and in the past few days, she has visited several places to speak out against the two. Act of the Government of India.
The HNLC also said that the ILP is the only law to protect the people from foreign invasion.
The new members will be sworn in at the opening session and Kamal Nath, the oldest member, will be the interim Speaker and will also conduct the election of the Speaker.
Before he boarded the car to Mawryngkneng, journalists had the opportunity to talk to Bah Peter in front of the jail gate.
The Ratacherra Presbyterian Youth Assembly has awarded the (L) Rev.G Lamat Award to the students who passed well on Thursday, which is Christmas.
Meanwhile, the whereabouts of the remaining 11 have not been released and what happened to them at such a time when Israel was suddenly attacked by these groups.
To blame the NPP and my name is wrong.
The source of knowledge starts from primary schools to high schools, colleges, universities ... When I was a child, parents in the villages did not want to send their children to school because they said that the children shall become slaves in the fields.
Although he was driving, those words were still spoken by his mother.
He was a missionary who made people aware that leprosy was treatable and not a curse.
The employees of NEIGRHIMS Hospital said that this action of the authorities could cause harm to the relatives, and demanded that the authorities should issue a public notice that NEIGHRIMS will take responsibility if Family members or neighbors of nurses working in the Covid Ward.
South Garo Hills has 8 cases and South West Garo Hills has 16 cases.
Nongpoh: After receiving a complaint from the residents regarding the installation of the Assam Revenue Gate at Madan Umwang village, Raja Brahma, Border Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, together with the Mawlasnai OP and Umiam Police Station on Tuesday. , they went down to demolish the tax collection gate which was illegally erected by Assam.
He was sworn in at Rashtrapati Bhawan in New Delhi and replaced the retired Chief Justice UU Lalit.
It is learned that the visit was to all the places of worship, without discrimination against anyone.
The award was received by the Prime Minister on 31 January 2022 in Geneva.
The fourth place match will be played at 6 pm at the King Fahd Stadium.
In the letter, the Chaiman of Umlaper Village, expressed his concern over the installation of post electricity and electrical equipment which supply electricity to the village. Therefore, we must do something to ensure that it does not endanger the people who pass by the place where the electrical equipment is installed and where the posts are erected as this also causes fear among the people.
He said that it is necessary to investigate into the incident as the collapse of the stadium was funded by the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government to the Shillong Sports Association (SSA).
They include Barisha Kharbani, Dominica Phidahun Kharbani and Esaranaki Kharjana.
Shillong: Answering a question by Bah Lamphrang Blah regarding the Environmental Impact Assessment, 2020 announced by the Central Government, Macdalyne Sawkmie Mawlong said that The KHADC has already sent complaints against the announcement of the central government on 7th July 2020 and the KHADC has 12 issues against the EIA,
On the allegations that the NPP and the BJP are the same, the NPP candidate said, “Those who will not vote for the NPP will say many things.
After the shooting, Prakash said that the Muslims brought Obe to the police station in Jhalupara in their own vehicle. , blood flowed from his head, he was taken to the Civil Hospital and they cut off his head there, Obe told us and the police what happened to him. Prakash said, adding that Obe had complained to as many Muslims as he could recognize on that dark night.
Shillong: Four MLAs including HM Shangpliang MLA from Mawsynram Constituency, SK Sun MLA from Mawphlang Constituency, Renikton Tongkhar MLA from Mawkyrwat Constituency and Pius Marwein MLA from Mawkyrwat District have been elected. The Ranikor Constituency of Southwest Khasi Hills District today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to demand the construction of a single lane highway from Lad Mawreng to Ranikor. the spirit of the road is not old.
However, the employees of the bank said that they are having difficulty in providing services to the people because of the shortage of employees.
B.Rynjah, CDPO, Nongstoin ICDS Project gave a speech on Health and Hygiene.
The Super Division match tomorrow will be between Ladthadlaboh and Nangba Mulang.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30 : The Meghalaya Athletics Association (MAA) in collaboration with the MSOA will hold the 10km Sohra International Half Marathon 2022 on November 21, 2022 at Mawkdok.
On the other hand, the Minister said that if the situation improves after these 15 days, the government will lift the ban on import of fish.
Shillong: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) Central Executive Council (UHM) has strongly condemned the illegal activities of 20 foreigners in Golflink. This happened on the 21st of March 2021 at about 8 pm when 3 (three) Khasi youths from Wahkaji Village were shot and beaten until they died. One (One) of them is unconscious and is now in the ICU of the hospital.
We want to rule ourselves, Khasi, in order to avoid the byrsieh of fighting with foreigners.
they that have done good, unto the resurrection of life; and they that have done evil, unto the resurrection of damnation" John 5:2
Jyrwa said that the extension is an obstacle for other government officers to take over the post.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the body of the driver of the truck, Roning Nongkynrih, who was accused of The funeral service will be held on the evening of 5th June, to the relatives on the 6th June and the funeral service will be held on the 7th June.
New Delhi: The Government of India today informed the Supreme Court that it does not have any order to force everyone to be vaccinated against covid-1 that the injection should be 100 per cent.
It is to be recalled that the All Garo Hills Lower Primary Teachers Association (AGHLPTA) has been demanding this from the Government since
The Earth and the Environment are the source of food for us humans.
In the past, when there were few educated people in our country, those who entered politics were educated people with a high level of education. fine.
He said that the Indoor Stadium has not yet started and therefore only the first phase of the football stadium has been completed.
Darnei was elected Chairman without any opposition.
Speaking at the general meeting of JACATAM at Iewrynghep Square, Laitumkhrah, Babu Poly said it is regrettable that the state government under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma and the Symbud Chief Minister Dr RC Laloo had nothing to do with the problems of the school teachers until they had to take to the streets.
“We don't want to stand suddenly after the passage of the Bill because we want to ensure that all the requirements of the state government and the University Grant Commission (UGC) have been fulfilled. shading.
Although it is a large and straight tree, it is soft and therefore not suitable for building houses or other constructions, it can be used for other purposes.
On the same day, the independent candidate from Mylliem constituency, Bah Pynshai Manik Syiem, came to file his nomination papers in the presence of his daughter, Telinia Thangkhiew and supporters. .
He said it is true that it will affect the income of sumos and taxis if buses come in.
“The Director himself called the meeting but started the meeting by trying to insult the HYC leaders, and did not speak on the demands, he alleged that we came with the intention of disturbing, " he said.
The BJP, on its part, its Vice President, David Marak, has alleged that these incidents are due to the negligence of the state government.
The NPP MDCs who intend to contest the MLA election are Bah Teibor Pathaw, MDC from Mawlai Constituency who will contest against Bah Process T. Sawkmie.
He said the purpose of the mission is to strengthen electricity generation without affecting the environment.
In addition, the NIA said that Pannu, who was declared a Designated Individual Terrorist by the Indian government on 1st November, 2020, was involved in the infiltration of robbers and youths in Punjab through Social Media platform to fight for the country known as Khalistan which is against the Government of India.
