“They claim that they have gone ahead to demarcate the border but it is a mistake because the demarcation is not in accordance with the rules of law and it is also a violation of the voice and will of the people.
The Government under the leadership of Dr DD Lapang has approved this recommendation and has written to the Government of India to assist in this regard but we find that the Government of India has not assisted in this regard. and thus this work has ended without being implemented.
As an area with more than 200 schools, there should be another college, said Bah George B. Lyngdoh.
At the time of writing, a total of 14 people have died in three districts of West Bengal, which witnessed heavy rains on Friday, it was reported. moreover the police chief.
He said that if there is no law to control the big people, the minority community will be completely lost.
Make a firm promise to the Lord that you will do all you can, from now on, to honor Him and save your soul.
Shillong: U BJP MLA Alexander L Hek on Tuesday said that the BJP party will be happy and will work hard if Ernest Mawrie contests from Mawryngkneng Constituency.
I have read the book "The Khasi and His Religion" by Babu HO Mawrie, chapter 14, pages 157, 158, 'The Khasi and the Family' Christians today have a very different attitude.
In the first half, Diamon Makroh scored a goal in the 16th minute for the Kick Start to help the team increase their lead to three points.
Nongstoiñ, November 14: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District has announced that the 18th November 2023 will be a public holiday.
Those who are happy to teach the people how to fish, not those who give fish.
They feel that only those who have covid 19 have the right to survive.
Dolly Khonglah, Secretary Meghalaya International Chambers of Commerce, congratulated the village for encouraging the students by giving such awards to the students of the village who have passed the examinations. they have fought.
He said the government is also preparing to set up gyms in all districts to enable the police to exercise.
The Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah Wilfred Nongsiej, on 22nd October, inaugurated two fish shops which have been funded under the scheme of the Central Government called “Blue Revolution 2018-19" at a meeting held at the office of the Fishery Officer, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Langstieh Market, Mairang.
“This is an illegal and terrible act, we will see what we can do,” said Donkupar Sumer.
The HNLC said that the suspension of the peace talks is due to the government's failure to take action on its demands, which include the withdrawal of the illegal registration of the HNLC, the withdrawal of the release of charges against HNLC leaders and members, the allowance of leaders' attendance, the appointment of a leader in the peace talks and the release of HNLC members who have been arrested and detained. bindings.
Although there is no restriction on anyone to form a party to contest elections if the rules are followed, but it has a consequence because it confuses the people especially those who lack knowledge and understanding.
Prestone said the government has also decided to allow 1/3 of private vehicles without car passes to pass and this will be left to the Deputy Commissioners to arrange. to this part.
How will other districts of the state do?” he said.
This was stated by Bah HK Thabah while speaking as the chief guest at the briefing on the National Hydrology Project organized by the National Hydrology Project. of the Executive Engineer (WR) Water Resources Division Nongstoin at TRYSEM Hall DC office Nongstoin on 18th November
By the willingness of the child from our house and household, we find that on the street we children who are still growing up, eat gutkha, raja khaini, speak words that are embarrassing to hear.
Tourism will lift the state out of poverty, unemployment and help boost the income of many families in rural areas.
, who said in 1979 at a meeting with the bishops of Latin America that "in the coming days, much of the work of preaching will depend on the churches"
Thank you Rymmai.
The union has provided assistance to these land vendors after seeing the poverty and suffering of these land vendors where for more than six months these land vendors have not been able to open their shops since they The district authorities have imposed a curfew.
“This action of Bah Ardent is against the decision of the Dorbar Pyllun to leave immediately without opening the dorbar. “Everyone has been appointed in the Dorbar,” said Bah Arun.
Although there are about 200 Lower and Upper Primary Schools in the state with less than 10 students, the government does not want to ban or deprive the rights of students, said the Minister of Education. book by Lahkmen Rymbui.
Thinking that his wife may have been tired and working in the morning, she had to wait for the patient inside the hospital, u Bah Ribok said that he would come and wait for her that night. he is the son.
The Quarantine Centre, located at Balawan College, was set up by the EWMS in collaboration with the Umsning Village Council and supported by the Umsning Catholic Parish COVID-19 Management Committee.
Chwamiki Ryngkhlem scored 85 runs while Richard Patwet 27 runs.
“I took my son and we went to that place.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, expressed his gratitude to the management of Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Nongpoh for having the vision to set up this Football Academy. that they serve to improve education and to provide education to school children.
Pastor Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh, who was the moderator of the day, said that everyone has known Kong Wanpynhun, because for decades she has been with a group at the bottom of the society in the state and that is the group of domestic workers and hourly workers.
The FKJGP leaders have talked to some of the village leaders and they want this center to be established in this village.
Russia's allegations include Ukrainian drone strikes on the Kremlin and other Russian cities bordering Ukraine.
In Delhi, the number of cases has risen to more than 10 lakh so far and in Karnataka, the number of cases has risen to more than 25,0
“At night, when the electricity goes out, a candle is used just to see,” he said.
The winners of various categories received medals and certificates, while the main victory was based on the spirit of competition and hard work which also led the players and witnesses to have Speed ​​Skaking and Roll Ball in the villages.
Other religions have a day dedicated to showing mercy to others who are poor and especially to those who are rich.
Mumbai has 3,879 cases and 77 deaths while Pune has 9,084 cases and 93 deaths.
By saying this, we do not mean to destroy the strong and patriotic hearts of many, but it means that we can ask more deeply and judge these things with understanding so that it will free us from the problems of life. in many ways and put his nation in peace.
The development works in all the areas and villages, this government has not done much.
At the same time, while congratulating the various political parties who have supported the VPP to fight against this issue, Bah Basaïawmoit on the other hand said that there are other groups. The VPP has been trying to mislead the people by saying that this action of the VPP will only lead to losses.
However, the time has come for us as a nation to be wise like a bseiñ and gentle like a parrot.
Conrad also spoke about the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Khyrnit Baphra, besides the efforts to resolve the border dispute with Assam.
Shillong, Nailur 9: The Dorbar Shnong Umroi Pyllun in its meeting held on the 7th of this month has unanimously decided to strongly support the demand for ILP by the political parties. the state.
The College is the only Government College in Jaintia Hills but compared to the increase in the number of students every year, the quality of this College has not improved.
The two arrested are Islam Uddin and Fazer Ali of Companiganj, Bangladesh who were involved in the theft of tar in the construction of signboards on the border. loot in the border villages.
The KSU also urges the House to immediately find a way to remove the kharmetor from Them Iew Mawlong as this issue has been pending for many years and if it continues like this it means that these people will be killed. It is more like what happened in the past few months when these Kharmetor robbers carried weapons and shot and injured two Khasi taxi drivers in Khyndai Lad.
On the other hand, the DGP promised to call a meeting with the DTO soon to discuss their complaint and to find ways and means to improve the fare.
The allocation for the school was Rs 74.65 crore, but it has been increased to Rs 105.22 crore.
The apps, which have been banned by the Indian government so far –.
Sampath Kumar, Principal Secretary and Development Commissioner, Government of Meghalaya, said that he looks forward to strengthening the relationship between the Government of Meghalaya and the Indian School of Business. many sides.
The Government has also informed the Meghalaya High Court that the bank accounts of Bah Ïangrai have been seized and has filed an application under Section 105 of the Criminal Procedure Code before the Session Judge.
The Symbud Myntri said that the Meghalaya government through the office of the Deputy Commissioners (DC) has set up about 48 teams to work with the Village Authorities to monitor those who have been quarantined in the villages. So far, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has visited about 952 households to monitor the quarantined people.
According to the statistics published in The Shillong Times on 2.6.2021, out of the 345 cases, 319 have not yet received the vaccine and 26 cases have died once. .
Lajong FC will play against Northeast United FC on the 4th of July at the Indira Gandhi Athletic Stadium in Guwahati.
Drivers should also wear masks when there are passengers in their vehicles.
They also said that they had been waiting for all the leaders, but no one believed them.
The purpose of the Government of India in passing this Act is to provide food items to the poor at a low price and also to provide food items at a price of 3 pawa per household. The country has a population of 1.2 billion.
He expressed his confidence in Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, who was sworn in as the full king on this day.
The Seng Samla Mawlai Pyllun strongly condemns the Government for not taking responsibility for the plight of the poor, especially the Minister of Transport, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, who has ignored the plight of the people. all sides.
“We did not attack the female teachers, because those who stood in front were the elders who included the Sengbhalang while the women came from behind and were arrested by the IGP,” they said.
Sahakawan Dkhar gave a welcome speech, Boudwanmi Dkhar gave a speech of thanksgiving and encouragement to the children of the ñiamtre.
This is because we throw away the old items that we don't use anymore around our neighborhoods and we can't escape from that because we don't have a place to put these old items. to be used.
In the age of knowledge; but in the flesh it causeth many sorrows.
The training was inaugurated by the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS.Sohliya in the presence of Bah FG.Syngkon, Functional Manager DCIC, West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Lambormi Suchen. , The meeting was conducted by Kong Heileen A.Diengdoh at the Greta Solutions Training Academy.
The suspect is Kelding Thongni who raped a child last year.
He said that Dr Mukul Sangma has turned away the people of Songsak and it is time for the people to decide and reject Dr Mukul Sangma.
It was also seen that while the policeman was on duty, the shrieh was also busy looking for ksi and there was no feeling of wit between them.
Government employees will also be in trouble, because they will have to follow the rules or laws of the Company, not the rules of the Government.
She went missing on the 15th without returning home from school and her body was found on the 16th of November.
On the other hand, the CEM urged all the Kurs in Ri Khasi Hills to seek information from the KHADC office on the Kurs who have already changed their jait.
The land belonging to the Kur Kharkongor has been donated to the Dorbar Shnong to erect the famous stones, which are said to be the guardians of the village during the kulong kuma.
Through the media, we have seen many projects implemented by the Government which the people have been pleased with, because they have been built with the aim of benefiting the people and the glory of the State.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle has conducted an inspection of the Pdengshakap PHC and found many shortcomings.
At present, the Municipal has received no water from the PHE and the distribution has been nothing because the price charged to the households is very low.
In addition, the initiative taken through the Tobacco-Free Educational Institutions (ToFEI) programme, which is funded by the state government in collaboration with NEIGRIHMS and Sambandh Health Foundation, was also appreciated. This program will be implemented across the country for the purpose of bringing about change.
His playing skills led Aizawl FC to include him in the senior squad for the 2021-22 season, and he made his debut in the I-League.
Power Grid scored 211 runs for 7 wickets in 20 overs. Utpal Das scored 54 runs from 27 balls. tied 35 runs from 24 balls.
It is this action of the Government which strongly suggests that the coal worth up to 13 lakhs metric tonnes has been lost.
Only within the Jowai District, the Jowai have their own Behdeiñkhlam, Tuber, Chyrnang and so on.
Speaking to reporters, the Waheh Shnong of Pandare, Bah Frenly Nongtdu, expressed his gratitude and congratulations to the CRS department of Star Cement and the Manager Kingsok.
Hana “Our church is righteous,Other churches lead to hell";Can you prove,When you dare to say that?Don't be quick to judge others,Because you are not God;There is no one on earth who is righteous, If you don't change, you'll go to hell.
Speaking on the MLA Election 2023, Maiantis Lyngkhoi said that the party has not yet had its own candidate but will go to support others and that decision. to support other candidates cannot be announced yet because as the leaders of the PDF party they have to think carefully through the explanation to the supporters in the villages.
Tottenham will now face Liverpool in the Champions League final.
Speaking to reporters, the Sordar of the village, Bah Sahkhar, said that the employees of the department go from time to time to check the meters and also to collect electricity bills from the residents. “But no one has complained about the problems they have faced which shows that it is going smoothly. If they have complained, we have received information from the office,” he said.
Prestone Tynsong said that as of now, since the state government has sent the documents to Assam, there are some people who have gone to mislead them. Prestone Tynsong, said that the villages in the area have fallen under Meghalaya, but in this regard, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that the villages should understand clearly, that these 22 villages belong to Meghalaya. in Block-2, the villages are still under Assam.
Bruce Lee is not only a Puron to act in films, but he is also a skilled and intelligent mixed martial artist.
In the past, they used to print on ballot papers but later they will introduce EVMs. The Election Commission of India has introduced new changes according to the passage of time. .
Up to 17 schools participated in the tournament and the events included 100m, 400m, 600m, 1500m, 4×100m, High Jump, Long Jump, Discus Throw, Javelin Throw and Shot Put.
Shortly after, Bah AL Hek met with the Minister of Tourism, KJ Alphonse and discussed how to promote tourism in the state and also the preparations for the National Games
Shillong, Jymmang 1: The farmers of synsar in the North East have been suffering due to the high price of synsar in these days.
To tell the truth, the Congress, even in the country as a whole, in all the states where it exists, has not been able to bring about order within its party, how much more. In the past, there have been letters sent by the senior leaders of the party, demanding the need to bring about a change in the leadership. It is still run by the Gandhi family, but the party itself has not been able to reach anywhere.
Judai said she started asking her daughter how the incident happened and she said that her husband used to put a ring dur in the bathroom when she was sleeping. (Spy Pen Camera) and he used to go to the place where she slept when she was asleep and suddenly he ran away.
It will affect all the Christian and Muslim religions and even the Hindus will be affected.
Bindo said the party has also discussed to strengthen and renew the party in Garo Hills and they will hold a visit on the 17th of this month to Williamnagar.
Referring to the final match between Rongmesek and Umden, the match was very lively and exciting with the support of hundreds of spectators. The referees decided to hold a tie breaker due to the skill of the players of both the teams.
Six persons were arrested on Tuesday and they were identified as Aashiq Khan, 28, Abid, 24, Sachin Garg, 26, Praveen Rab, 24, Mohammad Huzefa, , and John Mark.
The vehicle was also the vehicle of the District Public Relations Officer (DPRO) Nongstoin and at the time of the incident the vehicle was parked inside the office at Ladweitang Nongstoin.
During the raid, the union has arrested more than 10 foreigners from Assam who did not have proper documents including EPIC, NRC and Labor Licence.
He said that the village headmen should cooperate with the Wildlife Department, because if the shooters and poachers fight back, the government authorities will have to punish them.
“Regarding the decision taken by the MDA government which is against the will of the people and the land owners regarding the border demarcation with Assam.
Khliehmyntriang SC beat Ratacherra CSC 5-3 in the tie-breaker after a 1-1 draw.
The Nepali people have been willing to accept the Khasi people and they have been willing to create new Kurs without counting the Kurs from the past.
When asked why he is fighting against the government, Kiang Nangbah said that although the people do not like the income tax, the main reason why they are fighting against the government is that the It is against their religion and at the same time it is not allowed to burn the dead.
Nongpoh, Nailar 14: A student of Morning Star Higher Secondary School, Mawroh on Tuesday escaped death after being electrocuted while cleaning a place inside Morning Star Higher Secondary School, Mawroh. near Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District.
Disparsing said that if the HNLC wants to make peace with the government, it should be tolerant and should not issue such threats especially as the central government has made it clear that if any rebel group They want to talk peace with the government and they should stop their violent activities.
“The date will be announced by the office of the Governor but they have informed that the swearing-in ceremony will not be held on the 7th of this month at 11 am,” he said.
The 666 have been around from the Old Testament to the New Testament.
So far, 17 people have died of coronavirus in the state.
On the other hand, the students have decided to give seven days to the government to resolve the issue so that they can get classes.
According to the minister, up to 1 crore liters of water has been pumped from the crematorium so far but there is still no shortage of water.
She won the 30km race in Arunachal Pradesh.
Speaking on the occasion, TR Kesavan, President and COO, TAFE said, “Massey Ferguson Tractors through its tractor manufacturing scheme is well known in India especially in the side that makes it easier for farmers in agriculture.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Hamlet Dohling said that the NPP will support the youth who are capable of conducting programs to build the society but will not cooperate if there are youth who destroy the society. the community.
The Border Area Department is one of the departments which should urgently look into the flooding of the soil from Riwar area and the Soil Conservation Department will be another issue. Disaster Management and it is time to take stock of the loss of land from Riwar to Bangladesh and to approach the Government of India to take urgent measures before the The Riwar area will become a shrah area and will affect the agriculture, which is the budlum of the area.
Speaking to media, the CEM said that this is the first time that the central government has sent officers to study the working of district councils in decades.
Kevin (40) and Tremiki (42) scored for Rishot.
The Association of Pork Sellers in West Jaintia Hills District has decided to increase the price of pork from T.320/- per kilo to T.340/- per kilo. to bring pigs from other places.
Mother just said “let’s see.
The reason is that the Holy Spirit is at work.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 26: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council Nongtrai Circle on Saturday raided foreigners in the area who came to build houses without proper documents.
Speaking on the victory, Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said, “Since ancient times, Meghalaya has been a place with the cleanest natural waters in the world.
So Bah Sokon and Bhalang immediately stood up to greet the Sahep and left immediately.
Regarding the allegation that there has been a smuggling of rice and when asked especially about the smuggling of rice from Meghalaya to Assam, SK Yadav said that this incident has happened. For a long time, it had nothing to do with the work of the Food Corporation of India because the rice was produced by the State Government and not by the Food Corporation of India.
In the struggle for the independence of our country, the citizens of different ethnic groups have come forward to join hands without allowing the spirit of discrimination to be introduced in any area.
Speaking on the occasion, Vincent H Pala urged the vendors to maintain the cleanliness of the meat shops and the market as a whole, so that the people can enjoy eating the food items and meat bought from this market.
Therefore, Bah Jyrwa strongly warned that anyone who feels that they can come into Laitumkhrah and do whatever they want will be their fault.
Shillong, Naitung 13: It is shocking to see that one department is complaining to another department regarding the drugs that cause pigs to grow.
On the Inner Line Permit Bill, Bindo said, “He has appointed me as the Chairman of the ILP Committee and he has elected the political parties”. The committee was formed in 2012 without the consultation or approval of Bah Lanong.
Up to 32 teams will take part in this tournament.
This is also due to the fact that it has taken loans from banks and also from SHGs such as EF, RF CIF, to start implementing these projects. She is also one of the members of the SGH who is committed to providing training to other SGHs in the area.
However, after a few months, he left Dr. Mukul Sangma to join the NPP. Also, Bah Sngiawbhalang Dhar, Bah Coming One Ymbon, Bah Ngatlang Dkhar who are MLAs. It is not the joining of the 5 members to the Government, but what they are talking about is whether these 5 members will remain in the Congress or will leave the house when they understand that the time has not come for them to join the Congress. Those who have been nominated as MLAs from the Congress are Bah Process T. Sawkmie from the UDP and Kong Ampareen from the NPP. They can join the NPP. This split from the party before the elections or the ticket from another party by leaving one's own party, has happened for a long time in this state and it is not the first time. It happens not only here, but it happens all over India.
Thus, some incidents in society that are really good turn out to be bad and those that are badly intended escape.
And as it should be, after the Chief Minister of India has found that there is no peace and that the implementation of the rules and regulations can no longer go smoothly within the State. , this U Khlieh Duh shall take away the power of government from the hands of those who hold it and shall also suspend the Legislative Assembly of the State until the order of things is established. after a new compromise.
He was immediately taken to NEGRIHMS hospital where he was admitted to the hospital under the leadership of Dr Md.Yunus and his team of doctors.
Heavy rainfall all day long after the storm Amphan has caused a landslide in Khliehiongriang village, Jowai this morning.
In response to the Motion of Thanks, AIUDF MLA Aminul Islam asked why the state police force cannot control the incidents. of thieves; He said that whenever the robbers escape, the state police take only one way to stop them, that is, to shoot dead/injure.
Let us think and ask and let us take 2023 as the year of change, that the people will send us elders who have grown in thinking and strong character so that they can develop. the state and the country as a whole.
One goal for Mookyndur was scored by an OG in the 7th minute, Patiently Lakuna in the 28th minute and Soobiang K. Pomtiah in the 36th minute.
The delivery of seeds through the Block is too slow as the planting season is not yet over, while the seeds are still arriving.
Those who attended the program included R. Pasah, Teibor Kyndiah, District Child Protection Officer, Bah Teibor Kyndiah, Principal, Dr P.Nongtdu, Adolescent Health Counsellor, Khliehriat Civil Hospital, Daphilin Pasah and others.
Thomas Delaney's two goals in the 5th minute and Kasper Dolberg's in the 42nd minute were the winning goals for the country.
Bhalang, on the other hand, if he passes five years old, if he is sorry, his mother who lives in the city will move in with him to continue his studies.
As a person who has been involved in the teaching profession, he said that as we are different in appearance, children also have their own abilities or thoughts but what is important is that as teachers they should to learn how to shape the future of children.
The Minister also spoke about the measures taken such as the laying of underground cables, the painting of buildings, the construction of footpaths and others, to beautify and improve the appearance of the city.
Liverpool's goal came from the penalty spot in the 50th minute.
Speaking on the delivery of drinking water to rural households, the Governor said that at the time of implementation of the JJM launched in 2019 by the Ministry of Jal Shakti, the State had only 4550 households. But within four years, it has increased to 2.9 lakh households.
SP (City) Bah Vivek Syiem said that police have been searching for the suspect for several days before arresting him.
He said that the piglets brought by the Prime Minister are those which the government has bought from abroad and the purchase of piglets from abroad has reached 100,0 hundreds of crores and these hundreds of crores have been exported abroad.
“We don't trust the Rapid Antigentest as it has been approved by the government, but the RTPCR test is also valid for 48 hours to know whether they are sick or not,” she said.
He said that through this hospital not only those who come for treatment here will benefit but through this hospital will also benefit and bless the youth in terms of employment especially the employees such as Doctors, Nurses, Ward Boys, Ward Girls and other requirements will be given priority to those from this state and also those from the states of the North East region according to their qualifications.
He said the UDP would go with its other MLA colleagues but it would be him who would lead.
“Not only in Mawpat, but the Government should have introduced an Act to recognize water wells and water sources.
It is worth mentioning that it was during the tenure of CEM, Bah Ardent, that the Law Syiem of Mylliem Hima was amended at Mawpat. The forest is the source of clean air for the city of Shillong.
To encourage and congratulate these children who will represent the State in Delhi on the 6th of September.
Rana Pratap Kalita, PVSM, UYSM, AVSM, SM, VSM , General Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Eastern Command.
Investigation revealed that the loan was used for the purchase of a three-storey house, The Ruby, at a cost of T.149 crore and another Short-Term Loan. 16 crore to RRL in November
“This announcement by the Board will have a serious impact on the promotion of the Khasi language,” he said.
In the second semifinal, South West Khasi Hills beat North Garo Hills 25-21, 17-25, 23-25, 25-17, 17-1 In the women's category, the girls of South West Khasi Hills District beat East Khasi Hills 25-14, 20-25, 25-18, 25-1 .
Through this detail, the Police department conducted a massive raid on the morning of January 16, 2023 and nine members were arrested by the Police from different parts of the Eastern Range including a child under 18 years old who was arrested from East Khasi Hills District.
There are reports that some groups of Congress MLAs have decided to leave the party after it was slammed by the BJP led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. in the central government.
Shillong, July 19: The Model Code of Conduct has come into force across Meghalaya within 12 hours after the Election Commission of India (ECI) announced the date of the upcoming elections. The State Legislative Assembly, the Deputy Commissioners of various districts of the state have issued a directive to all political parties to immediately remove their banners and posters.
The village has also deprived the family of the benefits that they should have received such as government schemes, water supply, wood from the village forest and others.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that the 'CM-Elevate' program has been launched specifically for the three ethnic groups in the state and is part of the income generation programme. in the minds of the citizens of the state to learn to set up their own businesses.
Judgment mafia ? Even on the map it is written Cherrapunjee or the sign boards did not tell Kharlieh Khariong – he asked where the road to Cherrapunjee (Sohra) is.
Besides, there are 2296 schools which have not been granted grants by the government which have not been included in the deficit in the state.
Not only that, even Argentina are worried these days, because Lionel Messi, is injured and has been seen, these days, that he is struggling alone.
The Rangbah Shnongs who received the certificates included the President of the Union of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep, Dr. Werlok Kharshiing and others.
On the other hand, NPP Spokesperson D Bani said that the Prime Minister has listened to the demands of the groups but there are still those who come to disturb.
The second pre quarter final will be played tomorrow, July 26, 2023 between the 17-year-old girls of North Liberty Higher Secondary School and Ïalong, Amwi Higher Secondary School, Thangbuli. Jowai Government UP/RMSA School will play against HK Singh Memorial Secondary School in the first leg of the tournament.
He said that other ruling parties are only pursuing schemes from Delhi but the HSPDP is a party that fights for the love of the country and the development of the state.
Phase 1 started from 25 March 2020 to 14 April 2020=21 days.
Merilis said that even though they haven't lived together for two months, she is sad because she has seven children.
The former Congress MLA said 'people's rule' means by the people, of the people and for the people, but for him the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government is by the rich, of the rich. and for the rich.
“It is worth mentioning here that the State Government in the past has decided not to allocate any Government land to private individuals.
The Union also expressed its strong support to the protest of MIPRL against the government's decision to pay the coal tax in full.
In the second half, Nangbah Mulang beat Ladthadlaboh 3-1 goals through Wirldrick Susngi in the 27th & 66th minutes and Chanhok Siangshai. for 90+3 minutes.
From that day on, their robbery became very successful by shooting at those who went to the market and at the houses of people in the countryside.
The project will be implemented over five years and the IFAD loan will be part of the project totaling $174 million.
“It is useless to beautify the hospital when it cannot help the sick,” he added.
However, in the second half, Laitryngew scored two goals, the first through Banlambok Buhsan in the 53rd minute and the second through Iaraplang Buhsan in the 53rd minute. 56.
True, the word Jerusalem means City of Peace, but there is no peace in Jerusalem and throughout time it has been a City of War.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today directed various government departments to recruit 10 lakh people in various government offices of the Government of India and this target should be achieved within a year. half.
On the illegal smuggling of coal in Katakey, he said, “I have seen with my own eyes the coal trucks at Umiam (Barapani), when I came to Shillong on the 4th. On the 1st of June, I went down and photographed and sent it to the government, what is this? I have informed the government and the court about this, and I found that they are smuggling coal and these are illegal,” he added.
Hyderabad FC and Goa FC are currently in fourth and fifth respectively.
The FKJGP has warned the State Government not to allow such organizations to create trouble in the State.
Jarain SC beat YC Pdengkarong 1-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
people who know how to pay for all their needs on time.
The Sirdar said that Khongphai has recovered today and is undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
The government has called a meeting with the political parties recently to discuss the issue but as many of them could not attend, the government will continue to call again in the coming days. I don't want to come," said Mr. Rowel.
Therefore, the party urges the state government to immediately arrest the former Governor and others for their involvement in inciting ethnic discrimination.
To avoid spreading to avoid hospitalization.
In East Khasi Hills, one person has died of the virus, bringing the total number of deaths to six.
Therefore, she requests the office to take action, so that it will make it easier for the families and will not burden the people of the area if the bill can be paid except every month.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the youths who were present at the time of the shooting, said that they did not find any reason, but these foreigners came and shot them and two of them were seriously injured.
Nongshken constituency has received T.2,87,84,000 crore, Nongthymmai constituency has received T.3 crore, Mawlai has received T.3 crore, Mawphlang has received T.3 crore and Mawkhar has received T.2,91,00,0 Malki-Laitumkhrah has received T.3 crore, Mawsynram has received T.3,00,27,000 crore, Sohryngkham has received T.3 crore, Jaiaw has received T.298,90,2 2,99,27,000 crore, Mawkyrwat received T.2,99,27,000 crore, Mawthadraishan received T.2,45,50,0
Laitlum Hitters scored 53 runs.
He said that Bah Hamlet did not join the NPP even though he knew that the NPP is only a wing of the BJP which does not have any spirit to look after the welfare of the people. small paid in the country.
The ability to smile regularly also increases mood, strengthens the immune system, reduces illness and protects against the effects of mental stress.
At the same time, all these members said that they do not agree to shift the responsibility solely to the President alone, because they see and know that the President has worked hard physically and spiritually to strengthen the party and to go to all the constituencies where the party candidates are contesting the election in order to reach the goal.
“Many holidays of the country and the state have been celebrated without any incident,” said the Governor in his opening remarks.
However, the writer and Lamkynto of the play, Raphael Warjri explained, “The incident in Pyrdiwah is an inevitable fact that should be shown as it is in the relationship between human beings.
Replying to a question whether the VPP is trying to link the government's decision with corruption and the incumbent MLA who has already been sentenced by the Lokayukta, he said, “For that reason, I will say that those who They have nothing to do with the VPP leaders.
The village which has more than 400 residents has suffered a severe crisis after about three months the village has not received Khaw Rashon due to the inaction of the BDO, said a member of the BDO. Executive Member of this village is Bah W.Rani.
The JSM and Karbi Students' Association (JSM) and Karbi Anglong District have held a meeting at Karbi Hemtun, 6th Mile Guwahati on Sunday. Saturday.
Besides these, it was also said that there has been a cleaning and construction of the roads in Domiasiat village which has caused many churches to complain that the road which has been constructed and cleaned has been cleaned. They should not be specially built by UCIL to facilitate their movement.
According to the information received, the robber immediately after committing the crime, fled the scene, where although some villagers tried to chase him away, but and he escaped out of the hand of the people.
The main reason why the MCA has to find such ways to send its players abroad is because of the weather conditions in Meghalaya. The players have only three months to train or play full time cricket, other than that, the weather conditions and heavy rainfall have prevented them from playing full time cricket in the house.
When any team plays, the people support each team and the same happens to the village where the village chief supports each other.
Once you have completed the interview, you will not be asked to leave in Khasi.
Samla Leningrad Tariang in his speech urged Samla Teimiki Sungoh to continue in the struggle and to work hard to bring glory to his family and the entire nation and also to encourage others. youth who have this talent and to promote this sport in the State.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah also spoke on the problems faced by the farmers due to the kilo cut of their produce when they go to the market or other markets.
Later, only a small number were taken compared to other schools.
What has been learned from this visit to talk to many voters is that there has been a change in the mindset of the people from what happened before the 27th or months before the death. u Bah HDR and the thought on 10th June.
Members of the JSU Treiborlang R Suchen who was the chief guest in the presence of the Vice President of the JSU Aplang Lamare and the Secretary of the JSU Heibor Pariat and other members of the party.
The book was printed in 3000 copies for the first time and it was said that it would be revised later and reprinted if necessary.
Kharlessbon Nongbri President of HANM Mawthadraishan Circle, who visited the road, said that the HANM will write to the government and the relevant authorities to investigate the road. If they don't listen, the Seng will take other measures to force the government and the relevant authorities.
Almost all the barikor praised and expressed their personal feelings in the development of the durim which has reflected the traditional customs and traditions of the Khasi people.
Man is no different from animals because he is a human being but the difference is that animals do not have rationality but man does.
Shillong, June 29: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, Minister of Arts and Culture, Meghalaya, who is also the MLA of the BJP from Shillong South, together with the BJP Mahila Morcha led by Kong Arena Hynniewta, on 25th June Darisuk Kharwanlang has received a donation of Rs 40 lakh for her participation in the 2nd KGMF National Athlete Championship in the 35 to 80 years category in Delhi.
Vehicles coming down from Iew to Upper Shillong did not stop at all and the traffic was very smooth for those coming down from Shillong.
Speaking to media, President of the Ri-bhoi District Congress Committee, Bah Charles Marngar, together with Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, expressed their gratitude to the Congress Committee for completing the registration of nomination papers. The candidate for Jirang constituency, Bah Adrian L Chyne Mylliem, will complete his elections tomorrow.
Nongpoh: The report of Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, has not been received yet this evening, three days after he went to the Screening Center for COVID-1 19 from Lum Nongthymmai, Ri Bhoi District, who tested positive for RTPCR.
Guwahati: There have been 1,117 new cases of COVID-19 in Assam today, bringing the total number of cases to 22,9
The reason why the body of the child was left in the middle was that the thied sohpet had fallen into the niut that had been collected in the river.
He said the party will not allow those leaders who want to operate a casino in the state, adding that if the NPP comes back to power, they will implement it. There is no casino in the state, but the HITO will come out to explain to the people about the dangers that will come later and cause problems to the people of Meghalaya.
The epicenter of the earthquake was in Kameng, Arunachal Pradesh.
He would return to battle just two hours later.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday ordered the Assam Police Chiefs to search and arrest those illegal coal traders from Meghalaya and to ensure that those who complain against these perpetrators should receive adequate protection.
In a video that has gone viral on social media, the two women are seen walking in a shop, when a man approaches them and then takes he took a bowl of yoghurt and threw it on the heads of these two men.
Jones- I: Your Matters in the Khasi People.
Besides the presence of synsar farmland, it was also found that the residents in these areas have also started planting kwai and tympew along with valuable trees such as teak, tanglung, phiang, rai and don and those who tried to plant precious trees, such as agor trees.
Sec.School took the lead in the first half through a goal scored by Damebantei Kharkongor in the 24th minute.
The Meghalaya government has been ordered to pay the entire amount within 60 days.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Central Body led by Donald Thabah today visited Kyrdem Kulai in Ribhoi District, Meghalaya to cancel the name of the College of Agriculture. Central Agriculture University.
“It will not change the good intentions of the KHADC,” he said.
Since Saturday, 4,949 missiles have been fired at Israel.
Congratulating the Dorbar Shnong for taking the initiative to curb the spread of COVID-19, he said, “As the leader of the area, I will work with you to implement the plans to fight against this COVID-19 pandemic. -19".
On this occasion, there was also a discussion between the residents and the staff of this department.
Speaking at the meeting, Conrad expressed his gratitude for visiting the college named after JJM Nichols Roy and hopes to visit again.
Nongpoh: Although there are many rumors about the discovery of an unknown species of Dohthli by Samla Aristone M.Ryndongsngi, the truth is that this Dohthli has been discovered. newly named by this young man, he will be included in the list of Dohthli species in the world, because there are no scientists in the world who have discovered or named this Dohthli.
Therefore, the BJP leaders urged the people of Mawhati, not to make a mistake at this time, but to support Evarist Myrsing, who is a young man. from this area, so that they can see the change in Mawhati Constituency.
In his speech, Congress MP DK Suresh slammed Narayan and it was at that time that there was a fight over the microphone between Narayan and Suresh.
The troops reportedly fired continuously for about 45 minutes at suspected terrorist camps.
Time passed and that year passed and a new year came.
MCA Secretary Naba Bhattercharjee has expressed his dissatisfaction with the results of the tournament.
Al Jazeera reported that Hamas militants have captured and taken away many Israeli soldiers.
“At present, the NPP has 26 MLAs, with the support of the BJP, 2 MLAs, 2 HSPDP MLAs and 2 independent MLAs. I have sent this letter to the Governor of the State to support the NPP to form a government”.
Inbar Lieberman, a brave soldier, quickly arranged to fight Hamas militants when they set up camp in a town of Nir Am, just a mile from the Gaza Strip.
The party won 27 out of 40 constituencies in the counting of votes held on Tuesday.
The tournament was held at Thoh Lyndit Stadium, Sohryngkham and the opening match was between Tynring FC and Young Star FC followed by the second match between Mawlyndep. SC vs Iatyl Lilang SC. In the first leg, the match ended in a draw without a goal.
Chennai, November 15: The DMK through its President M Karunanidhi today announced that it has withdrawn its alliance with the Congress for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
According to a letter issued by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah CA Diengdoh has been suspended as Sordar Shnat Raid Tynring. On 1.11.2017, the Minister Warbah was appointed to conduct the dorbar according to the letter directed by the District Council until further notice.
He therefore asked the government why it has put those schemes Border Road, PMGSY schemes and others which are entitled to be extended to the rural and border areas.
Fortunately, there are our police chiefs today, who are willing to demonstrate their authority on the basis of justice.
It was also alleged that the BJP has released a lot of money but most of it has benefited only by the contractors and collaborators while the people have remained in the tyrkhong.
He was infected with Covid-19 and died of chronic obstructive airway disease (COAD).
Pragya Thakur, the BJP candidate against Congress Digvijaya Singh in Bhopal, has received another notice from the Election Commission, the second notice since she nominated her candidate. She has been elected as a candidate from Bhopal and has now admitted to destroying the Babri Masjid in Ayodhya.
Over the centuries Bible scholars have used new techniques to study and research the Bible and its narratives.
Speakers also included Functional Managers, DCIC, Bah G.Pala and Bah P.Suja, and Bah Danosha Tlang, one of the beneficiaries of the PMEGP scheme.
In this present government, it is too much.
The pick up with register number ML 04 C 5617, when it arrived at this narrow place after a road accident in the past few days, somehow overturned and fell into the riat.
The Internet is no different from the Garden of Eden: When I read about the Garden of Eden that God placed the two humans Adam and Eve in this garden it was truly a garden of peace. They are here, they don't worry at all about all these things, it's a garden full of flowers, shrubs and trees.
The purpose of the establishment of these authorities is to strengthen the foundation on which development projects can stand and that their activities can be smooth and orderly, which will be able to bring about for the benefit of the society and the welfare of the rich, the poor, the rich and the poor.
Former India captain Bhaichung Bhutia attended the final at the Sports of India (SAI) Stadium in the capital and handed over the trophy to the champions Manipur Marshals (U-1 ) and Manipur Marshals (U-16) who became the winners of the Sunfeast Cup trophy.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya on Tuesday inaugurated the Half Way Home for Mentally Affected Patients. Mental Illness" in Sabahmuswang, West Jaintia Hills District.
Others include Aibor Tynsong, Jansing Tynsong, Malcolm R Mylliemngap and Wonderson Dkhar as General Secretaries and Auspicious L Mawphlang as Treasurer.
On the other hand, the union leaders have warned the employees of the bank not to take stingy job but to provide adequate services to the people of the area according to the rules and regulations of the bank. They can rely on this department to collect the money.
Shylla said the Central Government's initiative to introduce Gram Sabhas in the villages is because the Central Government and the State Government are implementing Panchayati Raj in the state by “This scheme which the Central Government wants to implement is under the Eleventh Schedule of the Constitution of the country. There are 29 types of schemes and the Gram Sabha is one of them and so is the NERGS,” said Bah Shylla.
Many of the old teachers have been replaced by vrs, bd replaced by those who are freshkthang to look at the behavior of our Khasi people.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Iewduh Association (HNYF) today gave 24 hours to the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to immediately remove the four paia erected in the middle of the footpath. basa soh, Iewduh and if the office of the Hima Mylliem does not do so on the part of the market dwellers, the Association and the HNYF will remove these paia from this place.
The rally of JAC Nartiang Khanduli Circle was part of the protest against the murderers and to demand life imprisonment for the murderers including the brother of I Love You, Meban Talang. Moorap and Sambun Dkhar from Mynsngat have been arrested on suspicion of involvement in the case.
“We congratulate Bah Pynshngain who is fighting for the provisions of the Constitution for the Council,” said Bah Shibun.
In these years, since the rule of the British Government, Assam has been one of the provinces in charge of all the small Himas of the North East.
In its efforts to improve the livelihood of the farmers, the state government has been able to export Lakadong shynrai and sying to the European market in recent years.
Shillong, Naitung 7: Police have arrested two trucks (AS-01-DC-0005 and AS-01-DC-2266) on the morning of the 5th of this month. Lurstep K Bani and Sudhanya Debnath were arrested after police found them carrying coal at Pyndenglawar under Nongstoin PS.
Mitchell Marsh, who won the Player of the Series award, has now moved up four places to 51st among the players.
The Minister said this while answering a question on Meghalaya's appearance in the list of poorest states in India.
Shillong, July 16: The River Protection Association (RPA) of Sutnga Elaka, through a letter sent by its Secretary, has announced that it is not allowed to sell or drink alcohol or to smuggle bottles along the road. The Letein, Um sngad, Umte and Bthoh rivers, as well as the farmers' dams, are not allowed to irrigate.
The SF-10 team was trained under the supervision of Brigadier (Retd.) WBJ Sturgeon in collaboration with the Meghalaya Army and Police.
The government's health department has visited him while he is under Home Quarantine.
When he stopped, they robbed him of everything from his mobile phone and money worth T.32,0
“We still need to research more about Kiang Nangbah and the work of the Seiñraij Jowai is enough to publish a book, but there is still a lot of need to write about Kiang Nangbah,” said Bah Kharkongor. “Even in terms of a digital repository or digital library, we need to have one that will allow many students and researchers to search for information and contribute information about Kiang Nangbah through the internet.
We hope that the letter of resolution we have sent to Prime Minister Narendra Modi will not be in vain and the introduction of Panchayat Raj against the will of the people will not be by force.
Up to 143 villages of Block I and 213 villages of Block II have been evacuated to United Mikir and North Cachar Hills.
While the review of the reservation policy is ongoing, the recruitment process will continue.
At the same time, the office also conducted a game on the POCSO Act, Early Marriage & Adoption Act, with the aim of raising awareness that it is the duty of every resident to understand. the safety of children and that they are free from any punishment and also that children know that they have the right to be protected according to the law.
He also donated gifts to the organization and a broadcasting equipment to the village.
To reduce early marriage, it is the duty of the Kurs to educate their children.
In fact, the government has not accepted to confirm that this depot should not be operational because Lokhra is located in another state in Assam and this depot is located in Umiam, Meghalaya. .
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 01: Mawtngam Village, South West Khasi Hills District is one of the villages in the area and in writings as the village where the Syiem used to fight for freedom against the invaders. .
Rahul also said that the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has an aim only to create unrest in the country.
The CEM of KHADC said that there are many cases where our Khasi farmers leave their villages to sell jhur and before they have finished harvesting their produce, they say “Look, I've arrived in a moment.” They went into the dark crematoria and when they came out of there, they were shocked and didn't know how much their goods cost. He said that this is the information he has received and he said that sometimes when these Khasi shop khawiang, they meet the traders who are their fellow Khasi, they just drive them away and say, “ The CEM said that these are some of the issues which show that the presence of kyiad in Iewduh is a threat to the nation. The words were not that he hated the drinkers, but he urged them that when they drink, they should drink with respect and manners, whether outside or at home.
In a statement sent by the Kur Kharbuki via video, the Kur Kharbuki leaders said that the allegation against the Syiem of the Hima that he used force is unfounded. Bah Zuberstar Kharbuki has been appointed as the Minister of the Kharbuki Kur by the agreement of all the Kharbuki Kur who took part in the Kur Dorbar held on the 19th of July this year.
The time is never too late to stand up and fight against this.
I don't want to mention many examples but because our elders act like a young man who has love for his fellow citizens I want to share with the public so that we can think carefully about such people. Leaders should appoint Rangbah Shnong, Sordar Raid, Doloi, especially bleithaw for 5 years.
Police from East Jaintia Hills District, officials from the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board and District Commerce and Industries Center were also present on the occasion.
We know that the Jews seek power from all over the great rulers of the world but they cannot give authority even to the Prime Minister of Israel because the key is held in heaven until the end of time. Jesus said, “You shall not worship on this mountain, nor in Jerusalem” (John 4:21).
They said that this is a difficult issue and if a mistake is made it can go to court and even lose the job according to the current percentage.
Meghalaya will play its first match against SAI on Sunday (3rd), Uttar Pradesh on the 5th and Karnataka on the 7th.
In Bengal, the leaves that have just been harvested are taken home in bags and there they are wrapped in a bag of about 4 to 6 leaves per bag.
Mihmyntdu is a village located 4-5 KM from Jowai, the capital of West Jaintia Hills District. It has a population of 10,0 1707 houses.
“Since we received this order, we have sent to the truck drivers and owners of trucks directing them not to pay at the toll gates on the road.
“The purpose of cultivating rice with fish is to improve the income of the farmers from Pynthorneiñ including Jowai, Khliehtyrshi and Mihmyntdu,” said Kyndait. They have also started to cultivate jhur and jhep immediately after the harvest season in their fields.
He recalled that this day was declared a public holiday in Ri Khasi Jaintia by the government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma as a sign of respect for Thomas Jones.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Meghalaya High Court today granted bail to three leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) after they were summoned to court on charges of violating the law. The Court has met during the hearing of the case of Bah Adelbert Nongrum who spoke against the High Court during his tenure as CEM in
“I have been able to write youth letters since I was in Class VII,” he said, adding that now parents send their children to school to get jobs.
The release of the Sanshyieng was on the 1st of November 2019 and it is said that the release of the Sanshyieng was through the speech of Muhammad, by talaq, in which he spoke three times and which they used to divorce wives in the Muslim way.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Basaiawmoit, CEM of KHADC, has decided not to take the salary of the Council but the salary of the MLA. you can buy petrol.
Langbor Puweiñ, 40, was arrested by Nongstoiñ Police Station and charged under Section 376/302 IPC. other people involved.
It’s just an invitation to ask questions....
“The lion will roar from the front, the sword will kill those who destroy and the candle will burn the garbage,” said the Pastor.
For more information, please call 8787897288, 9774485583, 7005364784,
During his two-day visit to the state, Goswami also met with Governor RS Mooshahary and Director General of Assam Rifles, Lt Gen Ranbir Singh.
When asked about the working methods of Congress MP Vincent H Pala, Ampareen said, “I am not standing here to mention the work of others, we will be the candidates for the post of MP. say what he did, what he did not do, let the people themselves judge.
Indeed, the production of dewbilat is steady and the sale or export of goods is also slow.
The delegation was accompanied by KSU Jaintia Hills Unit, KSU Barrak Valley and Rangtei Naga Students Union.
A group of various political parties from across East Garo Hills, on 30th October, expressed their support for the decision of the High Court of Meghalaya, which has directed the state government to implement the Roster System in the state. part of you part jam.
The Secretary MPA, Jowai Branch TW Blah urged all the members of the union to take their time to attend the meeting to discuss the activities of the union.
He said that as the Public Accounts Committee, they understand that it is necessary to write to the Ministry of DONER, because according to their findings, the college has done well in relation to many, such as The College is also entitled to receive the remaining amount of Rs 3 crore from the 2ndinstallment.
The organizers invite all the talented people of Meghalaya to come forward and showcase their talents through this event.
The KHDA is ready to nominate Teinwell Dkhar as its Chairman candidate.
In addition, in the past few years, the Khasi language has been one of the subjects taught in the Entrance examination and female students have been allowed to study Khasi up to IA. However, the new rules have abolished it. The Khasi language has been removed from the syllabus.
There was a small temple of Moloch, the star of the god Rephon, and many kinds of idols.
Shillong, June 13: The North Eastern Song and Dance Programme, organized by the Department of Arts and Culture of Meghalaya, sponsored by the North Eastern Council, was held at Delhi. On 11th June 2015, the President of India was the chief guest.
Therefore, I call upon you, O Rangbah, to take responsibility for this responsibility that has been placed before you by your ancestors, especially by the Lord from above, to stand up for your people. to ask the Lord, the Creator, to give you the knowledge to fulfill your duty so that the future generation will remember and tell us that we will all know you as a true and honorable Elder.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 14: The Deputy Commissioner (Excise), Mawkyrwat District, Mawkyrwat has issued this order regarding the General Election in two constituencies, Mawkyrwat and Mawkyrwat. 35 – Ranikor has been declared as Dry Day throughout the South West Khasi Hills District from 25th, 26th, and 27th June, 2023 which are the days scheduled as the days for voting and Also on the 2nd October, 2023 which is the polling day, all liquor shops (this will include all types of liquor such as country, spirit or foreign), market shops, bars , and all licensed shops to close on these days.
Ngawang Konyak, the BJP leader in Nagaland, has alleged that the Assam Rifles shot dead one of his companions yesterday. , according to the Scroll report.
I am God there is nothing like me.
Explaining that he is a special child, the Principal requested the Government to do something for him when he completes Class XII. It is not easy to run schools in the rural areas especially in classes IX-X and XI-XII. Teachers with their low salaries provide the best service.
What does this law mean? It means that to whom and how we cast our vote on that polling day, no one can know whether we vote for candidate A or B, or anyone else, except ourselves.
Referring to the dispute and demand for rights between the children of the owner and the husband who refuses to receive the father's pension, Bah Titostarwell said that the Bill allows the children to share. for it is the right of the father.
Hubei Province has been under a curfew for two weeks, with flights and trains suspended.
It means that when Satan was cast out of heaven, a third of the angels of Heaven followed Lucifer, and became demons and Satan.
The HSPDP has shown that it has strong confidence in Pastor PBM who will encourage the party to become stronger in the coming days. The Pastor is not a member of the HSPDP while Fenela is a member of the HSPDP, which means that the HSPDP has counted out its own people because of the Pastor.
Earlier, it was found that the longest serving doctor of MCH&FW for 10 months is Dr Mrs MK Marak, followed by Dr AC Hazarika. Dr CB Sangma, who has been working for 10 months in DHS Research, has been the longest serving Director of DHS (MI) for 9 months. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has issued a statement saying that some of them have not yet been able to recover properly.
Shillong, Lber 14: The Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government today held a meeting to open the Second Phase of the Talent Identification and Elite Pathway Programs 2024-25 at SAI-North Eastern Hill University. , Shillong, as part of the celebration of the development of the youth of the state in various fields such as sports and others.
Speaking on Thursday, Bah Marbaniang said that according to the agreement with the government, the Trust should disseminate information to the public on how to prevent and detect people with cancer and you must submit a report on your actions.
The Minister of Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal, said that the government has to turn off electricity for many hours a day because it does not have the money to buy electricity from abroad. electricity to the public.
“Now I have to decide whether to stay or leave because the people of Sohiong have given me their trust and so we have to decide together. and if we have to do it, we will fight together and if we have to leave, we will have to leave together,” said Bah Amazing.
Shillong, June 6: Five political parties including the AJYWO, KSU-JHDU, SRS-EJH, HNYF-EJZ and FKJGP Khliehriat Circle on the 5th of this month held a public meeting at the compound of The meeting was attended by Rangbah Shnongs, various Sengbhalang and hundreds of people to discuss the deterioration of the NH
The match tomorrow (Tuesday) 23.05.2023 will be between Seiñpynbhalang SC and Rymbai Iawpynsing SC at 2 pm.
The plant is a kind of jyrmie which is in the shape of a bseiñ. He said that he planted this plant in his garden to make medicine and he said that many people have been infected with bseiñ. and they came to heal him, and they were healed.
He said that this place is suitable for cutting meat unlike in the past when it differed from place to place. He hopes that through this place the people will be able to eat the best meat. You can't cut your animals with the help of doctors.
It has not yet been found that the majority of churches are not Hindus but Christians.
The National General Secretary of the National People's Party (NPP) and Symbud Chief Minister, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday said that the opposition party is already in the intensive care unit (ICU) and will have no intention of I have re-elected my candidate, who is also the incumbent MP, Bah Vincent H Pala from Shillong Parliamentary seat.
The principal, Simon Joseph, was arrested by the police after CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing and Napolean Mawphniang lodged a complaint against him after seeking assistance from those who witnessed the incident.
Romidasing Nongrum scored the first goal in the 58th minute.
The District Magistrate has banned entry and exit to these micro containment areas until further notice.
Startups in the space economy sector who participated in the event had the opportunity to showcase their work.
Shillong: Today, 569 cases of coronavirus have been confirmed in East Garo Hills, 3 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 18 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 18 cases in high risk contacts.
The elders said that the failure of MeECL to provide electricity in Ri Bhoi Sepngi, has caused a lot of trouble to the people while the money is collected every month according to the bills sent from the office.
Out of 5.9 lakh female students enrolled in 2,094 institutions of Higher Education including 177 institutions allocated for girls in 2016-'1 The enrollment has increased to 7.12 lakh in 2613 schools including 192 schools for girls in the year 2020-'
He gathered the workers who lived by day to earn and eat only from the fields.
Shillong, Naitung, 20: The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government on Friday approved the Meghalaya Taxi Aggregator Operational Rules to regulate the operation of motorcycles and two wheelers in the State.
The ceremony was enriched by a song and dance performance by the school children and NEIMA students.
Monlang Ladong Waheh Shnong Lumshnong in his speech said that in the past three years from 2019 to date, the Dorbar Shnong through the suggestions of the residents has been able to convince Star Cement according to the agreement to provide development works. inside the village.
Due to the Covid-19 pandemic, the discussion will be held online, via Zoom, on 27th October 2021, from 1pm to 3pm.
he was despised and rejected of men, a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief...... he was crucified for our transgressions.
These 6 development projects include 4 under the SRWP scheme launched by Bah Mayral Born Syiem including the road map at Umklai village constructed at a cost of Rs 1 lakh for the year 2019-20, the Graveyard shed of Catholic Church constructed at a cost of 1 lakh in 2019-20, Dorbar Hall of Pahamshiken Village at a cost of 1.50 lakh 2021-22 and Graveyard Shed of Nongtyrlaw Village at a cost of 1.5222 lakh .
To conduct the Dorbar and the EC, the Acting Syiem has appointed three Village Authorities to be care takers, including two Deputy Rangbah Shnongs, Bah Wanseng Jyrwa and Bah Bleborne Rymbai. Silvester Mawiong, who is the Secretary Shnong, has not yet been appointed as the full Rangbah Shnong.
Dhar also assured that the government will invite all the parties involved to reach the best decision.
Also present on the occasion were the General Secretary of the Village, Careme Phawa, the Treasurer, Jait Dao Sumer and others.
The tournament was chief referee by Bonney Kharbani SNA and was conducted in five rounds of Swiss system.
“This shows clearly that just because of the money they have hidden in their homes and now they can no longer market that money after the Prime Minister has issued the ban order. “The old T.500 and T.1000 notes will come out, claiming that it is the money of the poor,” said Bah Egenstar.
Adil Ahmad Dar, the Jaish-e-Mohammad militant who attacked and killed 40 CRP policemen on Friday, lives 10 kilometers from his hometown. The victim was arrested in connection with his vehicle and the explosives in the vehicle.
Action speaks louder than words, example is better than words.
At the same time, the ADC has directed all shopkeepers in Mariang area to get vaccinated as part of the prevention of COVID-1 mask when you have a shop in your shop.
Remember that before the lion eats any animal, he shouts triumphantly so that those animals will be afraid and he will eat them.
Those include Social Mobilization and Institutional Development (SM&ID), Employment Through Skills Training and Placement (EST&P), Self-Employment Program (SEP), Support to Urban Street Vendors (SUSV) and Scheme of Shelter For Urban Homeless (SUH).
The Nongstoin MLA said that according to the decision of the Supreme Court of India on 3rd July, 2019, it is clear that the Supreme Court has upheld the case of HNLOCT&PA. The MDA government has been talking about it but without reading the decisions of the SC. Mukul Sangma has misled the people of the state.
Kyrmen said that the two villages have lodged a complaint at Lad Rymbai Police Out Post on the 12th against two persons suspected of involvement in the incident.
UEYDSM in order to express its gratitude to the ASHAs in Mooshrot who have worked hard to fulfill their duties even during this time of COVID-19 pandemic, has honored them as much as they can.
We know that there is a thlen about five feet tall and these animals are very strong and cannot know their purpose.
I believe he knows Meghalaya well and that is why he said this.
On this occasion, Bah Nongrum has asked for permission to hold a hunger strike without setting a time limit instead of a hunger strike until death.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 79325 out of which 76075 have recovered and 1374 have died.
We appreciate the decision taken by the elected leaders to make Conrad Sangma the Chief Minister of the state for the next three years”.
In the tied, Sharma scored 32 runs from 37 balls before losing a wicket in the last over of the innings.
In this regard, Samla Shainwell Syngkli, expressed his regret over the neglect of the school by the authorities, as at present, it is only the Jowe Press L.P.School, which is like a shlem. “In fact, this school which has been recognized by the SSA and provides training to children from class 1 to V and has about 50 ei ei byin, this school has only two teachers, it is difficult to look after them, besides the large number of fellow students, but just to get education, these children don't want to stay in school. The Durbar building, because the school building they have is not suitable for use,” said Samla Shainwell.
Memorial Khongngain, Skill Development Officer, MSSDS, said that the MSSDS is responsible for the implementation of the schemes of the Central Government called SANKALP as well as the schemes of the State Government. which conducts training programs to train youth in various fields.
A good colored road without traffic for small and heavy vehicles to reach Iongshiwiat.
“It is necessary for these ethnic parties to lead the government, it is not necessary to say that they should form a parallel government because as you know they don't have the number to form a parallel government, but it is necessary to I'm going to lead," said Mr. Robertjune.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that he is confident of winning this election because of the many jobs he has done in the past years, where he has been the MLA of Mylliem constituency for three terms. “It's not like the MLA scheme is billions of rupees, but the development works are only before the elections,” said Bah Syiem. .
The dorbar synrai of the House will be held from the 6th to the 13th of this month.
Pynbhalang MawleiñLower- MawpremShen you will be able to burn the fire, who? It's nature.
Pawan said the men who had been sent to cut off Khan's manhood had decided to kill him.
I. Moses Jungai, Portrait Artist.
The construction of the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Polo, Shillong) is ongoing but according to Kynjatshai's visit to the site, it was found that the progress of the work is slow and the hope of hosting the Durand Cup has been lost. the season is coming.
The Defense Minister said that in recent years, the number of incidents of violence has decreased significantly and the government will continue to use the fight against terrorism.
Through this programme, it has been a blessing and encouragement to the people especially how to become leaders and how to strengthen to bring about development through the cooperation of the people.
The High Court issued the order after one of the applicants, Millon Ch, Momin, who failed to pass the physical efficiency test, preliminary written examination and another written test. It was held from 8th to 16th July, but he did not attend.
Before the cleanliness drive, the opening ceremony was held by the MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayral Born Syiem as the chief guest and the MDC of Nongpoh. Bah Balajied Rani as the chief guest in the presence of the Lyngdoh of Raid Nongpoh, Bah Linus Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong of Nongpoh, Bah S.Mynsong, other elders and residents of Nongpoh.
This can be seen from the increase in drug seizures from 2006 to 2013 of Rs 768 crore, while from 2014 to 2022, drug seizures of Rs 22,000 crore, an increase of 181 percent.
According to the Superintendent of Police, South West Khasi Hills District, Bah BJ Laloo, during the raid, the team recovered bullets hidden in a synrang. in the plastic bag.
He said the city cleanliness scheme is to separate rotten and non-rotten waste and ADB has allocated funds for this purpose.
In the final match on the second day, Nagaland qualified for the semi-finals by beating Sikkim 4-0
Because all these things happened, he lived and worked in his own house with the salary of the Sirdar.
Speaking to reporters, Sangma said; “The biggest surprise was the victory of Madhya Pradesh.
The generosity of these two couples has been a blessing to the 17 people who have nothing to eat.
During the search, police seized 30 boxes of soap packed with heroin weighing 921 grams.
“This workshop aims to create jobs and opportunities for the youth of the North East in this field,” said Negi.
After the incident, the three persons were taken to the police station for further investigation.
After that he will send for the money to his Lok (Kong Lumspah) and sell it to him.
Even here in our own state, we have lost confidence, especially abroad without seeing the face and customs that have changed.
Shillong, July 25 : Pondicherry beat Meghalaya by four wickets in the Senior Women's One Day Trophy on Tuesday in Nagpur.
Damehiwot Pde, Waheh Shnong Chilliangraij urged the people to take care of the environment by planting trees and protecting the water and rivers so that human beings can survive from generation to generation.
Brazil came second with 11,88,631 cases, followed by Russia with 6,06,043 and India with 4,56,1
Due to the small size of the site, it has been moved to Umling, Ri Bhoi District.
The Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on 5th November in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah, inaugurated the exhibition. The story of the old man and the relationship with culture is painted on the building of the DC Office.
John P Tom, Tom CMI, Coordinator of LTS Shillong Region.
The competition is organized by the Indian Kayaking and Canoeing Association.
The winner of the tournament will receive a cash prize of T.3 lakh and the runner-up will receive a cash prize of T.1 lakh. , in addition, special prizes for those players who played well, scored many goals and were the best goalkeepers.
“These villages which are not included in the 2011 report, it is difficult for us to advocate for inclusion in the list and those which came after not accepting the MoU,” he said.
Two other deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills District and Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking to reporters, Marak asked, “Where are those leaders of other parties especially the NPP in Khasi-Jaintia”.
On the other hand, Dr. Donkupar Roy, recalled that the employment situation under the Congress rule, where many of the youth are unemployed, even the indigenous people do not get jobs even if they have enough jobs. qualification.
On this occasion, FORMLD honored the old and new leaders in the presence of the former Syiem Paiem Laborius Syiem and the Rangbah Shnongs of Riwar.
The State Government expresses its gratitude to the Ministry of Commerce and Industry for recognizing and appreciating the initiatives and works of the State”.
In a statement issued by the VPP Spokesperson, Dr. Batskhem Myrboh, said that the government's decision is an insult to the poor in the society who have to rely on commercial vehicles such as a way to earn a living and get to their destinations.
He said that even the MPs of the region have their own forum to look into any issues of the region but now this time they are shocked, where are they going when Manipur is still in power? caught fire and needed help.
The power is now the wealth of the phew.
Police are conducting further raids to arrest more members who intend to smuggle in the area and distribute demand letters.
The Search & Rescue Team (S&RT) together with equipment entered the crematorium at 11:00 pm and ended the rescue operation at 2:00 pm in a fight that lasted for 5 hours.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the party, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, said, “As a sign of condolences to the victims of the incident at Mukroh in Laskeiñ Block, Raliang Constituency. Led by UDP MLA Nujorki Sungoh, the party has suspended the announcement of the ticket, but will arrange it again in the coming months.
However, if the BJP is removed from the MDA government, it will bring trouble, chaos and a terrible impact on Meghalaya.
Applicants should fill up the application forms and send them to the Shillong Lajong FC office or the MFA office before 8th June
From day to day, more and more workers came.
“The residents of Punjabi Colony want nothing but to live in peace, to contribute to the development of society and income of Meghalaya as we have done today. the inheritance.
The AHAM on Tuesday requested the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma to implement the pending demand to make Tura a rainy season city. which was recently announced by ACHIK and other organizations.
The program was conducted by the General Secretary of Mawkdok Social Cultural & Sports Club. He explained about the roles of youth clubs and societies to join hands with NYKs.
These CSCs have been established to provide assistance or benefit to the people especially those in the rural areas to improve their work related to the government where they can receive assistance. in the field of education and financial services or banking services and others through computers.
This prayer I wrote in 2018 – 'Ka Shad Suk Mynsiem', when I felt a sense of love for my country and nation.
Police recovered 3 lap tops, 3 mobile phones, 12 ATM/debit cards, 252 PVC cards, a motor bike, driving license and new vehicle license plates. thok with other documents.
Africa has seen a 50 percent increase in cases, said Lav Agarwal, joint secretary of the agency, adding that Myanmar, Malaysia, Indonesia and Bangladesh have increased the fastest.
We also strongly condemn the working methods of the administration of Nehu and we strongly condemn the working methods of the examination department and the paper correctors for not delivering the papers on time.
“The statement of the CEM of KAAC shows the failure of the CEM of Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) and the state government, who have allowed or encouraged the poet to accuse the Khasi, the land owner, the own property.
This is no longer the old days when women and longkmie were decided to be in the kitchen and to provide food and drink for the whole family, besides cleanliness; cleanliness cleanliness and child care.
“It is for this reason that I would like to say that those who should be responsible and accountable for this expenditure should be the Prime Minister and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. Aman War is only because he is strong as the UDP candidate from North Shillong Constituency,” said Bah PT Sawkmie.
Rahul also insisted that the Israeli-made Pegasus weapon should be used to detect terrorists, but the Indian government is using it to detect leaders and various government departments. Gandhi also demanded that Amit Shah, Home Minister, Government of India, should step down immediately.
On the issue of Puja, the group recalled the events of 1979, 1987, 1992 and then in the 1990s and even in the 2000s, when there were “There is a lot of fear, rather than the celebration of Durga Puja,” said a statement from the Ichamati Bhologanj Welfare Organization.
Nongpoh: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People, Seng Kmie, has expressed its special congratulations to the State Government through the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, for taking the initiative to He said that the farmers and agricultural traders have expressed their deep concern over the collection of taxes on Synsar, Latyrpad and Sohmarit in the state.
He said the new government in 2023 will have to cancel the MoU signed for the first phase between Meghalaya and Assam.
During the meeting with the public, officers from AMRUT, officials from the state and the city explained the objective of the campaign and the importance of the visit.
Ma Wom Chyrmang, therefore, denied these unfounded allegations and denied that the Presbyterian School has been destroyed and that they are not allowed to walk, saying that they are fabricated rumors. and appoint the Rangbah Shnong.
In those days Isaiah prophesied, saying, Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign: Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name IMMANUEL.Isaiah :14.
Nongspung opened the scoring through Lambokstone Syiemiong in the 11th minute to take the lead in the first half.
ASHAs as full time employees shall earn not less than 18,000 thousand tyngka per month (iv) to include ASHAs in the category of skilled and highly skilled labor in the workplace and to pay them wages in accordance with the Minimum Wage Act.
They demanded up to T.20,000 from a refugee from North Garo Hills,” he said.
In another order, the District Magistrate has also lifted the micro containment order in Nongthymme Ialong village after there have been no cases of COVID-19 in the village.
The MLA should know how to speak clearly so that the audience can understand.
He urged the government to take decisions carefully so as not to affect the tourists and tourists.
At the same time, the Government has appealed to the people to come out and take part in the celebrations of this great day which is the day of the Constitution of India. Country.
Shillong, Lber 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the government has not yet been able to resolve the issue in the education department of the state.
He said that Section 6 (1) of the Meghalaya Regulation, 2018 has been amended.
The MPUF on Friday donated relief to a family who lost their lives in a fire at Molamanoh village, East Jaintia Hills District.
“You're wrong,” said the son.
Shillong Secondary School beat Jail Road Boys School by 9 wickets while Gorkha Patshala beat RB Anup Chand School by 8 wickets.
In her youth, she was the only daughter, lived a humble life and obeyed her mother and father.
The Prime Minister's visit to Bangladesh is to explore ways and means to strengthen trade between Meghalaya and Bangladesh as Meghalaya is the closest state to the border. in Ri.
“Through these meetings it will help us to learn how to be vigilant and we should also see that the homes of children should be safe and hopeful and not criminal”. said Dr Ampareen.
"Olympic gold medalist Neeraj Chopra will once again lead the national team for the World Athletics Championships to be held on the 19th of this month. month in Budapest, Hungary.
The HYC has donated books, books, boards and other items.
The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has passed a resolution urging the Central Government to include the two state languages, Khasi and Garo, under Article 5 of the Constitution of India. .
Samla Kyrmen Shylla, President of the UDP State Youth Wing, who was present at the meeting, said that the people of Mawthadraishan should not misunderstand, but should allow Bah Brol once again, so that The development works will come to the villages.
According to information received, the student and his friends were cleaning an area inside the school, at 12 pm, when the student was arrested. One of the pipes collided with the electrical sign of MePDCL and he was hit by the electrical wire causing serious injuries to his legs and hands.
He is currently ranked 67th in the world, so Murray may face difficulties in improving his career.
The Deputy Inspector General (Prisons) of the state has ordered that they should be shifted to Aurangabad Central Jail due to lack of security facilities.
The members of the Executive Committee include Dilona, ​​Ailona, ​​Molinda, Aitis, Joycy, Pherida, Bihlinda, Teibok, Tbn. Rudyhess, Mr. Trueman, Ms. Aibarilin, Dr. Rusievan and Prof.
The Dorbar Shnong Jaiaw Pyllun requests the youth of Jaiaw Village and various organizations to be vigilant so that such incidents will not happen again.
The HNLC said that the police have acted very cleverly by arresting youths who have nothing to do with the HNLC. the organization, or those who assist the organization.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11, 2013: The President of BJYM Shillong, Naiwieng 11, 2013, said that the Magistrate's decision to send only a letter to the government's promises without any signature shows that it is just a joke to mislead the students. MPCC President DD Lapang, MPCC General Secretaries James S. Lyngdoh, Shri Sanjay Das and State Women President Joplin Scott Shylla left for the celebration. to 125 Pt.
Amitabh Bachchan and Jaya Bachchan, today, celebrated their 48th wedding anniversary, with a lot of love from both sides.
In addition, Mission Indradhanush provides all kinds of medicines to every child in a population of 130 crore.
This statement does not fit well with the contradiction, because it seems that the wrongdoer has free will as he pleases, but the wrongdoer does not have the same free will – as the wrongdoer has, that is why. he is always in danger of his life.
“We feel sorry for the vendors but they should also think of the pedestrians to join hands, because when their rights are, they should not violate the rights of others,” he said.
The Search and Rescue Team on Tuesday recovered and rescued the Commandant of the Border Security Force (BSF) who went missing in Nokrek Biosphere Reserve, West Garo Hills.
The main purpose of this is to attract the people to register as voters in the state especially the youth who will reach the age of 18 years in
In another match of the 4th Division, Umsohsun SC beat Lawmei 1-1
It is to be recalled that the Khliehriat Police Station on a tip from the residents of Dkhiah East village found the body on the NH44 at 5 pm on the 23rd of this month.
“The NEDA is a platform to discuss development issues in the North East and there is no discussion on contesting the elections,” he said.
On the same day, Sohkhyllam Sport Club also honored two girls who represented Meghalaya in the Hero Sub Junior Girls Under-14 Championship in Punjab.
but I don't know.
Shillong Lajong struck again in the 61st minute through Badonlang Rapsang.
The meeting was held as part of the protest against the negligence of MePDCL to the residents of the area where they walked away from the residents before handing over the electricity supply to the MePDCL. Feedback Energy Distribution Company Limited (FEDCO) from Orissa has been supposed to take over the operation in Mawkyrwat Division from June.
“Explaining the difference between the demand in Rithor and the demand in the North East, Thabah said, “Their protest (in the North) is different from our demand and the knowledge of the people about the cause. Our struggle has disappeared and no one knows that we started it ourselves and they look only at Rithor.
Replying to a question on the Governor's speech on the road, the Chief Minister said that the state government has a lot of money to do for development works in the state.
The union expresses its condemnation to the police who have committed such acts and also to send a clear message to the government and the district authorities, that the enactment of 144 CrPC which prohibits the union from “But they are not afraid and this is only the beginning,” said Bah Roykupar Synrem.
On the other hand, the Abhayam project has offered to give her another accommodation to separate from her husband, but she has refused, as she cannot use the accommodation. said Narendrasinh Gohi, director of Abhayam
“This tournament has also brought about a closer relationship between the youth of the North Eastern States of India and as the youth they will have the responsibility to build the country and the nation,” said Hogue. Jowai, June 10: The Jaintia Fishing and Environmental Protection Association (JFEPA), an association in Jaintia Hills, has been appointed Chancellor of USTM.
" Synei is the answer.
The MLAs have been trained in many areas so that they can improve the quality of life in the state especially in the tribal areas and rural areas across the state.
“The Khynriam used to say that the Pnar or Jaintia people are rich because they have coal but I have found the poor in Jaintia Hills, and they are poorer than the Khynriam.
Foods rich in protein and carbs as well as fats strengthen brain function and concentrationSome of the foods that strengthen concentration: Fruits and vegetables. im bad u rynsun: Both these vegetables and rynsun improve brain function.
Police said four 7.65 mm pistols and seven unused bullets were recovered from them.
The Ephphatha Society is a well established NGO in East Jaintia Hills District and is a special organization for the care of people with disabilities. On the 1st of November 2020, the Society led by the Director, Rev. Emlangmi Sapuh, Secretary, Bah Shaniah Phawa, together with the members, has done many things. for people with disabilities who are special citizens of the country.
The price of 5000 tyngka per kilo of Agor in those years is equal to 3,00,000 tyngka per kilo today.
Before the blessing of the Blessed Sacrament of the Duwan by Father Hilarius Lamare, Father Cresence Roy gave a speech on the greatness of the Holy Eucharist which is the center of the Catholic Christian faith. Laloo, Parish Priest of Namdong Parish.
According to the report, the PDF meeting may be held in these days to discuss party affairs and also to prepare for the upcoming MDC elections.
The group has sent a report to the Collector of Gondia, Chinmay Gotmare.
Meanwhile, the South West Khasi Hills District Softball Association (SWKHDSA) has congratulated the youths from Mawlangwir and Mawkyrwat who will take part in the 44th Softball Senior National Championships 2023 to be held in Odisha on Saturday. starting on the 5th and ending on the 9th of June
There are currently 5,95,565 confirmed cases.
The survey will be implemented within the District through CSCs or Village Level Entrepreneurs (VLEs).
The land at Garobadha and Mawïong has been purchased by the government and handed over to the Agriculture Marketing Board for management.
Speaking at the Jan Vedna Sammelan at Resubelpara in North Garo Hills, Dr Mukul Sangma today slammed the NDA government especially the Prime Minister for the lack of money. farmer.
This plan is called “Two Wings”.
Mehta, born in 1981, is the head of the Narcotics Control Bureau in Delhi while Jain, born in 1984, is currently the Additional DGP of Meghalaya in charge of the CID and Special Branch.
Shillong: The KSU Wahkaliar Unit under the leadership of the President of the KSU Carmel Fedrick Malngiang, on Tuesday inspected the Mawsahew PhC operated by the company known as Karuna Trust. shortcomings.
The country knows man and knows God.
These candidates include 5 candidates from TMC, 1 BJP, 1 PDF, 1 VPP and include Bah Forecasting Nongrang. Jirang Constituency.
Therefore, the Sordars of Mawliehpoh, Urkhli, Mawmluh II and other villages in the area have discussed how to do this, because the people have demanded that they should do. this this.
“This felling of trees happened during the previous administration,” said the EM. storms, death due to old age and some crushed in elephants.
The Minister of Revenue and Disaster Management, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, has expressed his deep sorrow over the damage caused by the natural disaster, saying that it is the heaviest rainfall in many years.
The soskular was signed in the presence of Defense Minister Amit Shah, who said that this will be a memorable day.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 71 cases, in Amsohti 7 cases, Myntriang 6 cases, Pambthuh 4 cases, Salini 7 cases and Ummulong 6 cases.
Even when they go to church, they can't even read and pray, because they have become Zero, because they have become Zero.
“What is more surprising is that the government has suddenly brought the MMDC under the NGT until the Judge had to rush to hear the MMDC Act and the hearing was scheduled for the 24th. this month.
“We strongly condemn this incident and demand that the trial should stand for Soro,” said Sr Noree.
After the opening ceremony, Antonio War EM of Arts and Culture said that the festival will feature various programs including Ramdos competition, maw point competition, sum khnam and the shooting competition between all the Himas.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today said that the awarding of contracts in various government departments in the state has started since 1979 and this is according to the records. government.
In his speech, the Minister reminded us of the characteristics of us Khasi when it comes to development through the Government. throw stones and destroy as you please.
The President has appointed Justice S. Abdul Nazeer as the Governor of Andhra Pradesh while the incumbent Governor Biswa Bhusan Harichandan will take over as the Governor of Chhattisgarh.
He handed over the donation to Mawlai SC President Marcel Kharbani in the presence of General Secretary Mawkordor M Nongsiej, MSC office bearers Homer Kharkongngor, UDP Mawlai Circle President Wanseng Jyrwa. and others.
Shillong, Lber 12 : The Congress Leader and MP from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Vincent H Pala on Friday said that the Congress will have to contest the 18th Lok Sabha elections among many others. The BJP has seized 11 bank accounts of the Congress worth Rs 215 crore.
Lalramtara Ngamlai scored the first goal for MLP in the 26th minute and Rimitre Thma turned the tide in the 45th minute to make it 1-1
The party has been strong since the time of Dr Donkupar Roy and is still strong.
As the Leader of 1-Nartiang Constituency, if he wins again, he will become a Minister and this is a great benefit to the Constituency. 4, 5 MLAs are from the same family.
He also congratulated the leaders of various Dorbar Shnongs who have implemented the election campaign rules so that political parties do not have the opportunity to take power. to elect those who have the goal of bringing about change, cleanliness and the future of the entire nation.
The four-day Behdieñkhlam festival of the Seinraij Jowai started on Friday when the Khon Raij of Chilliangraij brought the Symbud Khnong from Khloo Langdoh and brought him to Tre Loom Soo Ïung, Newhill Jowai.
In a letter sent to the Divisional Forest Officer (DFO) Tura, West Garo Hills District, GSU ​​Mindikgre Regional Unit President Greneth M Sangma said that he has already discussed the issue. He had filed an RTI request on the 23rd of this month but was informed that it has not been fulfilled by the department.
If you are a society, you should not keep an accurate account.
While they were talking, Deisy and Riia came in and stopped there.
They said that those who come to help them will accept them, but those who come should understand that in such cases, even non-governmental organizations come to help the refugees. those involved in various incidents whether it is a house fire or other incidents.
In the first leg of the match, Lumdiengjri SC beat Lawmali Pyllun SC 2-1
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Bhuyan said that the National Level Women Scientist Award will further raise the status of women in scientific research.
In what way does he destroy? They are the lusts of the flesh; fornicators, idolaters, adulterers, effeminate women, homosexuals, thieves, robbers, drunkards, revilers, greedy persons".1 Corinthians 6:9-1
During his visit to Bangladesh, Conrad, accompanied by Ministers of State Lahkmen Rymbui, Sniawbhlang Dhar and Banteidor Lyngdoh, also visited the residence of the Syiem of Jaintiapur before visiting Bangladesh. go back to Sylhet.
He said that the Block Congress Shella will be held soon for the upcoming elections.
The KDA has strongly condemned and opposed the Sanborly Wahlang and the Women's Wing of Mawlaiteng for harassing Aidalin Nongrang, a disabled teacher at the Lower Primary School in Mawlaiteng. Sohiong area is located in East Khasi Hills.
On the other hand, Bah BB Makdoh Chairman of the Dorbar ki Rangbah Shnong, said that he is shocked to hear that JD Rymbai has passed away due to physical illness. He is one of the leaders who has contributed greatly to the society and the state as a whole.
Allan said the UDP party's goal is to focus on development, agriculture, empowerment of the youth as well as to promote tourism and others. of.
The working hours are not enough,it doesn't matter if the pay is not enough.
A police source said that the suspects have been charged under the MPDA Act after the police found that they were indeed the people involved in the case. They said that they have already confirmed the involvement of these two men in the petrol bomb blast at the shop of Das.
The members of this committee are those MDCs whose constituencies fall on the border with Assam as well as the Chief Executive Members of Hima and Shnong.
After this, a rally and a drama performance were held by the students of the Bachelor of Social Work of Women's College on the theme “Awareness on Tuberculosis.
He said that the police have conducted an investigation to find out who used his name to extort money from the people in the name of the HNLC. , they stated that their son has never been involved in demanding money and is not affiliated with any organisation.
Others who were honored were 16 volunteers of the Hill State movement.
This year, the MSL will start in Jowai on the 12th of June at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 19: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (KHASA) Mawthadrishan Circle on Saturday launched a branch in Nongkasen. Willis Syiem and others.
The rally was held on Tuesday where the independent candidate Prof Lakhon Kma, the RDA, the NPP and the Congress stood together to campaign and explain their positions for the candidates. The MP election will be held on the 19th of this month.
Shillong, July 10: The RWDO has sent a complaint to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District regarding the illegal smuggling of wood by trucks into Bangladesh.
The KSU and GSu led by the NESO today held a one day protest in front of the Additional Secretariat, Shillong to protest against the central government's plan to bring back the National Assembly to Parliament. The CAB aims to grant citizenship to Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians who came to India in 2014 from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan.
It may be that our path is incomplete or it may be humility or other reasons.
However, India has been angry with Canada's attack and has strongly denied that it has sent any Indian citizens to kill or take part in the attack. especially when it occurs within the borders of Canada itself.
On the same day, the Hima Nongstin, demanded the release of the coal, which has already been mined.
He called upon the JYF to work together for the good, development of the society and urged the leaders to continue to serve the country and the people in all fields. everything.
Umsning MLA Jason Mawlong, MDC Macdalyne Mawlong, Deputy Commissioner Ri Bhoi, Arpit Upadhyaya, Executive Engineer of PWD, Umsning, Bah Rymphang Kharkongngor and other government officials.
The cultivation of rice in Khasi-Jaintia, therefore, is very successful on the one hand.
The sohtrun and diengsoh roots were also covered and covered with plants and shrubs.
It will be the first time that Shillong will be able to host several matches for the 132nd Durand Cup.
Nurpo 13.
He said that these days those who are longheh longhain are foreigners and this makes it difficult to think about the nation because they are not the owners.
On this occasion, Kong S.Myrboh, the resource person for this awareness, gave a training on cleanliness, she said that cleanliness is essential in the life of each and every one of us and also in the She added that cleanliness goes hand in hand with the service of God. He urged the youth to take responsibility for the eradication of pollution so that the community and the country will be clean and beautiful.
Shillong: On 3rd October 2021, an Alto 800 (ML 11 2838) collided with a coal truck at Wapung in East Jaintia Hills at 12 noon. Hills.
This was announced by the President of Sohkha Mission Multi Purpose Club, Bah PK Khonglah.
Shillong, July 06: The body of former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Winstone Syiem will be laid to rest tomorrow Friday 7th July at the Church of God, Lawmali, Shillong.
Prestone said the government will hold another meeting next month to discuss the needs to improve the celebration.
Such misunderstandings we also find from the ignorant people who teach their ignorance to the ignorant.
After the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) won only two MLA seats in the 2023 elections, it has come forward to propose its own elections to the BJP. NPP will not support the formation of a Synrop government in the state.
On the other hand, these groups also felt that if necessary, a short six month training for special training should be conducted at the Training Hall of the TB Hospital, Tura.
In their desire to attract many souls to Christianity, they have also mislead our people by saying that the sacrifice of the Khasi-Pnar is a superstition and they have forbidden us. to take part in the joy and gladness, because there is no sacrifice of peace offerings.
The team will also play in other districts including Mairang on the 20th, Nongstoin on the 21st, Nongpoh on the 23rd, Jowai on the 23rd, Khliehriat on the 25th and 26th, 27th, 28th and 29th. , Shillong).
On this day, there will also be many performances by the soldiers which will attract and attract the attention of the public.
Shillong, November 1 : Retired IPS police officer M.Kharkrang on Tuesday said that the BJP relies on the government's wisdom on peace talks. and the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
you're right, long live vpp.
The victim was identified as Kenny Papang.
AJCA won the match by losing 10 wickets.
Some of the banners read “Mukroh is still the land of Meghalaya!!! “Six years have passed since the killing of the Khasi in Mukroh.
Ram Madhav, General Secretary of the BJP, North East, said that the bill will be introduced in the Rajya Sabha on any day, but it will not be passed by the House. as a bill, which shall be changed from its old form.
The court had to look into the preliminary investigations into the incident.
The President of India, Droupadi Murmu, has awarded the Padma Shri to Kong Silbi Passah for her contribution to the preservation and development of traditional music, song and dance. of Khasi Khara at a meeting held at Rashtrapati Bhawan, New Delhi on the 9th of this month.
Shillong: There have been 463 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 384 recoveries.
“Why can't we pray for the Congress in Delhi to come to power?
However, the state came back to score through Sheen Sohktung in the 32nd minute.
To request the government to release the salary within the 10th of every month and to extend the retirement period of the muster roll workers.
The Oxygen Plant will supply oxygen to the 70-bed hospital.
He then went on to study Intermediate Art or IA at Union Christian College at Khwan (Barapani) near the present Umiam Lake.
“Since the matter is in the court, it is better to wait for the decision,” she said, adding that the AICC is also aware of the matter.
These streams have no bridges and as soon as the rain comes, all these streams flow and pass along the road which affects the traffic of people and motor vehicles.
The SP appealed to the public that if they receive any extortion, they should immediately inform the police station and the informants will be kept anonymous and rewarded.
The inspection was led by the President of FKJGP Mawhati Circle, Bah Tinus Rynjah and was attended by other leaders and members of the Circle.
“MLCU is one of the providers of training to the youth to improve their lives.
The rally will be held in Andarkilla, Chittagong, said Rana Dasgupta, General Secretary of the party.
These new village leaders were confirmed by Bah Wanphrang Syiem, Sirdar of Nongpoh Sirdarship, in the presence of Bah Agustine Wahlang, one of the elders of the area.
Noting that there will be no public information and disclosure of all the facts of each taxpayer, officials from the Tax Department said that many of the taxpayers who have not been able to complete the last year should take the opportunity now to take advantage of this scheme.
The semifinal match will be played on Saturday.
The Bible tells us that Bethsaida was the home of Peter, Andrew and Philip and that here Jesus fed 5,000 people and walked on the sea and and he that opened the eyes of the blind.
To further improve the number of textbooks in the list, the police department has urged the State Houses and Bhavans in Delhi to donate textbooks to provide more information about the state.
On 11th June, the investigation team raided the residence of Abdul Khaliq Regoo in Kancipora, Javid Ahmad Dhobi in Syed Kareem and Shoaib Ahmad Choor in Sangri Colony in Baramulla. district in connection with the incident of corruption.
Drew Barrymore, who doesn't hesitate to talk about her life, has said that in the past years she has tried to take her own life not once but twice.
Speaking to the people after the counting of votes, u Bah Kishan congratulated the people who supported him even though he did not win but they will work together for the safety and security of the people. the village is created.
Do not do after their works:Matthew 23:3;
Isn't this a long time ago? I think Ma Pala is too young to remember since the time of the Congress.
The total number of cases in the state has now reached
Tokyo has been the worst affected city with 11,691 cases and 141 deaths.
Wansai Fusion has been awarded the ninth position, according to a statement sent by Mikey Poul Mawlong.
However, despite this despair, the Khasi people believe that democracy is not dead and they see that there is still hope when they turn to the political parties and especially to some of the brave men in the country. The Opposition who stand for the people of Khasi Hills and who have the intention to eradicate all the garbage of corruption.
The party candidate Bah Ranson Sutnga who will contest the MLA election 2023 on 27th June will be present.
When questioned, the foreigner said that he has been doing this illegal business for many years in Lad-Rymbai village and that he has earned a lot of money from selling these illegal drugs. black simcards can be sold for T.200 each.
Kong Marian Maring also encouraged the youth to be brave and take action if any opportunity comes so that they can create opportunities for employment, because these days Many young people don't need a job if they are trained shisha will also be a source of employment.
On their part, these leaders expressed their gratitude to the Deputy Commissioner and the JMB for their initiative to resolve this issue.
This installation of meters without understanding or public awareness has caused trouble and insecurity in the society.
“We will not stop the curfew, but we will use other means and we will see how strong the government authorities are to curb the illegal entry,” said KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar. He met with the Symbud Prime Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong today.
In this letter, the Seng Samla Shnong Nongmensong informs the DC East Khasi Hills that all the shops, State Banks and educational institutions under the jurisdiction of the government authorities are still named Nongmynsong. , which is against the announcement of the Meghalaya government.
The candidates for the Shillong Lok Sabha constituency are incumbent MP Vincent H Pala of Congress, Paul Lyngdoh of UDP, Shibun Lyngdoh of BJP, Richard Shabong of CPI and Armerington Kharshiing of AAP. Individual supporters of HSPDP and KHNAM Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, Bah Denis Siangshai and Kong Alborina Shylla.
Shillong, Naiwieng 1: The HSPDP Mawsynram will hold a public meeting on the 4th of this month at Pyndensohsaw to strengthen the party and to explain to the people of the area on the need for ILP.
Through these ARV vehicles, the 1917iTEAMS has been able to reduce the losses of the farmers by transporting the crops immediately on time.
Heavy rainfall is expected in Shillong and surrounding areas tomorrow.
In the incident, the commander of the KHADC police force, Bah Polan Sohphoh, sustained serious injuries to his head and hand. The rangbah was able to hold his hand when the foreign robbers tried to stab him in the head.
The MDC said the appointment of Conrad as the Prime Minister is because they expect good governance and freedom from corruption.
Government employees, school children and residents of the district attended the celebration.
The JHCMA also sought clarification from the Transport Minister on the order of the Supreme Court regarding the government's decision on how many weighbridges should be in Meghalaya.
Regarding the change to clean the road in the same color as all the roads, the people of the area and Ri Muliang thanked the Government for listening to their complaints. publicly.
Khimusniang came fifth with seven points, winning twice, drawing once and losing twice.
FKJGP Central Body President Welbirth Rani confirmed all the office bearers.
They can go for Arts (excluding Science and Mathematics) or Commerce or any other technical education in various trainings according to their talents.
Referring to the state, he said that the claim that India is a country of democracy by the people is not true. the poor and the rich, the poor study in private schools while the rich study in public schools.
The Meghalaya Kickboxing Team MAKO was coached by Sukeshwar Barman.
“However, we will conduct another inquiry to confirm these sentiments (expressed by the members)" he said.
On the other hand, the KSU has followed up the question why these people did not inform the police and the SDO of Sohra Civil Sub Division before they left. normally why not just carry in trucks.
They said that since these years, the KSU and other political parties in the state have been conducting strong protests to express their opposition.
He tried to pull the cloth away from him, but it stuck to his body.
The Forum is ready to accept new coal mining methods and measures to protect the miners and workers from the coal industry and at the same time those who earn their living from this industry will continue to do so. Forum's Secretary In-charge Media Cell, Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills.
It is also the village where a monument was erected to (L) Maieit Hopingstone Lyngdoh, the pioneer of the Khasi Jaintia State.
He urged the participants to continue to practice and improve themselves in this sport so that they can participate in other types of tournaments which can improve their skills and u He congratulated all the participants and encouraged them not to discriminate whether they win or lose but to use their talents properly.
In an interaction with the people of the region, the Minister said that after the establishment of the UT, there has been a lot of development in Ladakh such as investment, round-the-clock electricity, The construction of a solar power plant worth T 21,000 crore, income generation opportunities, and the sanctioning of 375 mobile towers in Leh.
On the other hand, the employees of the petrol pump said that such incidents are not new but there have been from time to time those who have sold petrol without paying.
The decision has raised doubts about his future with the club and many of the fans have wondered about him.
The Sengbhalang wanted to turn many people into the area but the magistrates, police chiefs and police as well as the CRPF blocked the Sengbhalang and only 20 people were allowed to enter the gated area.
Not only that, a BJP Minister has expressed his dissatisfaction with the Cabinet's decision on the government's unilateral amnesty of income tax to AISs working in Meghalaya.
Because instead of identifying ourselves as Khasi, the children of Hynniewtrep and in Meghalaya we have only Khasi and Garo who are the owners of the village, we claim that there are these three. community.
How much cigarette smoke affects even those who don't drink, isn't it sad that those who smoke get into trouble just because of the influence of others on their drinking?
“However, I’m not saying this right now.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 159 new cases have been confirmed and 578 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
However, the DC said that these factories themselves are responsible for importing coal from abroad, but the union cannot accept this but only a clean investigation can reveal the plot. science of these factory owners.
Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, Ronnie also criticized the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, Titostarwell Chyne. that thy speech may be as the speech of a child.
“On the other hand, the VC has not given any clarification on the issues raised in the meeting with the media on 8th November regarding the illegal appointment of the technical officer/senior consultant and on the measures taken. and he took him away.
net/meghalaya, www.jagranjosh.com, and www.results.
On the other hand, the union urged the law enforcement authorities to look into this incident and to punish such an officer.
According to Karmelo Marweiñ, Head Mistery of the Mobile Tower at Domsohkhai (Nongnah), South West Khasi Hills District, the remaining money has not been received. up to 1 lakh 40 thousand since November, 2022 to date.
Police sources said that according to a complaint received from the family members of these children, the suspect, who is also the father, has committed the crime many times. treatment.
Officials of the Enforcement Directorate (ED) conducted the raid under the provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HYM) on Tuesday held a meeting at the Hima Mylliem headquarters in Mawkhar.
“Who is teaching corruption to the people, isn't it the VPP leader, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, because from time to time he teaches the people that they should take the money but they don't. Isn't this a corrupt teaching to the people? Is it not that he misleads the people and encourages corruption? Who is encouraging corruption, the VPP or the government?” He said that it is not true that what Bah Ardent says is true because the government is also working for the development of the economy, income generation and you don't have a jam.
The BBSU has handed over the suspects to the Patharkhmah Police Out.
Referring to the agreements for the purpose of promoting self-sufficiency, he said the government will strive to increase the number of programs for the youth so that they can create jobs. they can stand on their own feet.
The Prime Minister has refused to follow the directive of the Central Government to abolish the personal interview for Grade IV and III posts but has changed the marking system.
We are sorry that the government does not believe and even the MLAs and political parties in the state are blind.
He also won the Santosh Trophy 2021-22 with the Kerala team where he was one of the most talented players at a young age.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: U Bah Lamborlang Kharpuri, also known as Bah Khan, is preparing to contest the upcoming MDC elections from Mawkynrew Constituency. This person will contest the election.
He said that in the past few days, attempts have been made to talk to the Rangbah Shnong Bakur on this issue.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma at a program organized by the Social Welfare Department to distribute checks to the beneficiaries of the Marriage Registration Scheme for Children. The Chief Minister's Social Assistance Scheme was held on Friday in Ampati which is also the closing day of the Dimchrang Festival
Heimonlang Lyngdoh scored 82 runs from 43 balls with three wickets to win the Man of the Match award for the second time in the tournament.
He said that the residents are in fear, the residents feel that such incidents of intimidation and harassment happen from time to time.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Students Union (HSU) has expressed its opposition to the government's decision to hold the Meghalayan Age Festival at Thadlaskein Lad Mukhla, West Jaintia Hills. Coronavirus, especially at these times when the virus has started spreading among some citizens in India.
Regarding the traffic jam, the NTC, the Dorbar Raid Nongkhrah and the HNYF, have strongly condemned the traffic jam and said that this is only the beginning, but the traffic jam will increase in the area. times that will grow and will cause problems to the residents and visitors.
It was from 1875 onwards that the first Entrance School was established by Rangbah Jeebon Roy Mairom and other elders known as the Shillong Zillah High School.
“There is no failure of the government security agencies in the state, because if the security agencies are weak, they will not be able to arrest all the people involved in such crimes that have happened in the state,” he said. he said.
Shillong, November 3: The State Government of Meghalaya has issued a notice that the KHADC has not published the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) Rules 2015 in the Gazette of Meghalaya. The Chief Secretary of the State, Bah Barkos, has announced the rules of the KHADC on the 5th of November at the meeting of the Rangbah Shnongs of the Government. Warriors.
“If we look at those who sell land and other Khasi brothers and sisters, it is easy to remove them, but for those who live in Them Ïewmawlong, it ends only at the negotiating table,” said Donald.
The winners received cash prizes of T.30,000, T.20,000 and T.10,0
The number of cases in Maharashtra has risen to 80,000 with 2,436 new cases in the past 24 hours and 139 deaths.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Muliang Circle on 30th October, 2024 visited the deceased and encouraged the family members with prayers and condolences to the family members. of this young man.
The Social Welfare Department of the State Government has discussed for two days on the challenges faced in the delivery of services and how to take measures to improve the working methods since the implementation of the schemes that come through this. branch.
Babu Romwell Mawdoh, who is also the Headmaster, in a statement today, said that he wants to inform the public that he has joined the HNLC of his own free will.
Shillong: The Supreme Court today sought the documents relating to the petition filed by Bah THS Bonney on the border issue between Meghalaya and Assam. it is between other states and others.
The union also found that the road to the institute has been badly damaged.
It cannot be claimed that that is the free will of individuals to choose whether their will is love.
They say, 'Cleanliness is next to godliness.
He also said that the State's need for pesticide-free fertilizers is up to 25,000 metric tonnes, and as pesticide-free farming has increased and spread to other parts of the State, it is expected that the need for this fertilizer will increase further.
It is not yet known whether there are suffixes in the Khasi language or not.
He was authorized to be shot dead by King Salman, the report said, and after being shot dead, he was left naked on the main road to Mecca.
He urged the village leaders to inform the council if they find foreigners running any business including shops, factories, transportation of goods and others without trading license so that the council can take action. need.
Shillong, Nailur 11: As the elections to the Legislative Assembly of the State approach, the rush of MLAs to switch parties has increased.
It is not surprising that the VPP has once again turned the head of all these political parties.
He said that neighbors after hearing about the incident and seeing the lyngktar lying on the ground with blood immediately called 108 for help.
All patients, aged between 20 and 59 years, were randomly selected to perform 30-minute yoga exercises twice a month for 12 months or to perform exercises in addition to exercise 35 minutes twice a month for three months.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, who is also in charge of the PWD department of the State Government, on 11th November, 2023, held a meeting to find a way to build roads from Shillong. and New Shillong Township (NST) to connect to the main roads, as part of reducing traffic jam in Shillong.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Riwar Mihngi Circle (HYC) Riwar Mihngi Circle in a statement has vowed to close down the office of the State Bank of India (SBA) in Pomshutia village. this Bank is what it is now.
Vitamin B : This vitamin is also known to help in good blood flow to all parts of the body.
On this occasion, the celebration was enriched by a song, and a memorial book was launched by Bah Lapang as the chief guest while a statue of Bah Hoping was written together with the MLAs, the MDCs, HSPDP volunteers, were released by Dr Donkupar Roy.
It is impossible to say that many of the education sent by the government or government jobs, our youth do better than the Garo youth but only because of 40%, they have become unemployed youth. and often confuses the thinking of young people.
Explaining that the government has decided to suspend the casino, the Chief Minister said that the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act, 2021 has already been passed by all 60 state leaders.
The party has been able to disperse the people and there has been no disturbance.
The VPP leader said that the party has made it clear that it cannot cooperate with the NPP because of the party's violence and mistreatment of the people in the past three years. .
The five MLAs who became MDCs at the same time are Sanbor Shullai of the NCP, Metbah Lyngdoh of the UDP, Brolding Nongsiej of the UDP, KP Pangniang of the HSPDP, Ardent Basaiawmoit of the HSPDP and HDR. Congress Leader Pynshngain N Syiem and Stephan Mukhim.
The meeting also informed that the KHADC authorities have tried to set up a Council for the Chiefs of Khasi Hima and have approved and sent bills three times, the last one was during the tenure of CEM Late HS Shylla. , but all three times the State Government has replied that according to the Sixth Schedule, the KHADC does not have the authority to pass these Bills.
It is learned that on that night, a robber with weapons carried by himself, came to the area near Mladenovac and opened fire from the vehicle in which he was sitting. and then he fled the scene.
Candidates will be allowed to take part in the Rally only if they have an Admit Card.
Shillong: There have been 495 new cases today and 453 recoveries.
Similarly, the residents of Sonapyrdi area have expressed their concern over the parking of vehicles on the bridge especially the heavy vehicles carrying heavy loads, as they want the bridge to remain with the The bridge is also a place where people from near and far especially tourists like to stand and watch from the bridge, because from this bridge you can see the Lukha River and you can also see The Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary, the residents of the area, said that if vehicles park in this area, it will endanger the beautiful bridge which enriches the area. .
Shillong: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, today said that he expects the Budget Session for the year 2022-23 to be held inside the Legislative Assembly. There is a new city in Mawd.
Jowai, Lber 26 : Religious leaders of the Raij Jowai including the Dolloi, Pator, Langdoh, Sangot, Wasan, the sons of the Phra Kur Phra Kmai and the Waheh Wasian of the Raij on Tuesday 26th October to complete the Mooknor Feast of Tabernacles.
The Delhi High Court today slammed the Indian government for the lack of supply of oxygen to various hospitals and ordered the Indian government to ensure that through the Ministry of Home Affairs, that the flow of oxygen should be without any interruption.
The AAP has not yet removed Kejriwal as the chief minister and he will continue to be the chief minister of the state, where he will serve from jail.
The teacher was abducted from Karengre Lali Temple, about 20 kilometers away.
God bless you all.
He said that the people have been affected by the government's behavior.
So far, those who have appeared for the UDP MP election are the retired President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Robert June Kharjahrin and the President of the Khasi Author Society. and Dr. DRL Light.
“In the next few days, this will be improved.
“It is a happy day for the school to have this day and the children have shown different talents which we don't see in other areas,” said Dr Amanda.
The election in Sohiong constituency has been postponed until June 2023 due to the death of the UDP candidate, Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
“The peace talks with the Indian government could come to an end if the Indian government implements the bill,” said Mrinal Hazarika, leader of ULFA, who is currently in peace talks with the government. day.
When contacted by the CEO, BDR Tiwari, he said that no written information has been received from the Election Commission of Delhi on this matter.
Referring to football, he said that football is known as a sport to exercise for health but as it is now football and other sports are factories or employment opportunities. to live for the youth.
To deny the rights of the people, without understanding or understanding, according to the IOA and AA, as the Home Minister of Meghalaya says, is unfair, which he cannot show the documents. page that the Indian government had rejected these islands of the nation.
To implement the plan in the fight against alcoholism, drunkenness, traffic accidents and other crimes, the Union has decided to meet with the O.C of Pynursla, Sohra and Mawngap PS in the next few days. to think about these issues to find solutions and strengthen the fight against alcohol, traffic accidents and other activities so that these areas can be free from problems and sufferings for the protection of the public.
The owner of Ranee's Abode, Ranee Kharsyntiew, has been charged by Theodore Moallem of the United States for raping and torturing the residents.
A few days ago, the Assam government recognized the Gorkhas as a separate ethnic group in the Sadiya Tribal Belts.
Bah Mawrie acknowledged that the Khasi language is one of the most advanced languages ​​in the North East and therefore deserves to be included in the 10th Schedule of the Constitution of India.
However, the Khasi Jaintia people in these fifty years have become like trees that have been cut down by the muid.
The Japan Foundation, New Delhi in collaboration with the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR), North East will hold the North East Japan Caravan 2023 for three days from the 17th of this month. until the 19th November 2023 at the Soso Tham Auditorium starting at 3 pm.
We have passed through many years in the work of God and in serving Him sometimes in strength and sometimes in weakness.
The team's bowler Haris Rauf, one of the four players who returned to the squad after being suspended for the last match against Afghanistan, scored 18 runs. New Zealand scored 94 runs for the loss of all wickets in 15.3 overs.
Earlier, on Friday, the rescue teams first recovered the body of Bah Phisar Nongrum, 75 years old, while on the morning of 31st June, they recovered the body of Lumlang Riahtam. who was 16 years old.
The owner of the chip factory has come to clarify that the allegation is not true.
This staircase, which is built in the shape of a Khasi house, is covered and surrounded by traw, phlang with a bedroom and a seating area inside.
“Even if there is a lack of feeling, nothing can be done, because they say that the NCP has helped the government in times of crisis, the Congress party will have to pay back for its good deeds. “I have supported my candidate in this election,” said Bah Moon.
Shillong: The Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) today held an emergency meeting to gather its opinion to send to the state government on the demand for a review of the State Reservation Policy.
He said that after discussion, the joint director promised to correct the error but the KSU demanded that the entire textbook should be reviewed.
The HYC also urges all the MLAs of the state to oppose this and bring a resolution in the House against the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2016 and the amendment to the Passport (Entry). Jowai, July 27: Nartiang PHC and Rymbai PHC have received 2 lakh rupees each. The KAYAKALP Award is an award from the Central Government.
The group congratulates Ores Suphai, Draishon Mynsong, Mary Magdalyne Kharmawlong, Jeny Sten (Tyrso) and Bahlung Mawrathud.
There are 172 recoveries from the disease.
The Khasi people are indeed one of the most distinctive peoples in the world.
We the residents of Nongsning, Umrashong, Mynkre are surprised by the severe light outage in these three villages.
When the Assam police seized the Mizoram police station, the Mizoram police went to talk to the Assam police, he said.
The Lions and Tigers are the two teams with 10 points each and are top of the table but the Lions are in first place by run rate difference.
All these measures have led to numerous seizures in the last two months since the elections were announced.
He added that the lack of action on the part of the Government has caused problems to the farmers of the state especially during the time when they have faced difficulties during the outbreak of COVID-1 There are also cases where they don't have any other option until they have to sell their products in the market due to the inability to market their products. rep.
Indeed, it is a great honor in the eyes of the world to receive this title.
Therefore, it is necessary to include vegetables such as Palong, Salat, Phul Jyrngam and other leafy vegetables.
The FFF would also like to add that the proposal to build the mall goes hand in hand with the construction of the Delhi Saket Mall, which is only a waste of public money, especially at this time when the government is still in power. expenditures in the fight against COVID-1
The dress code of the Indian Army, Abhinandan Varthaman, has attracted many other men, who have followed the dress code of the Indian Army.
Nath admitted that it was the Khasi Students Union (KSU) which closed the temple in Shillong.
Filmmakers Tarun Bhartiya, K. Mark Swer, Arwat Challam, documentary filmmakers, Snarbok Iakai, Neiniwan Langstang and others were present on the occasion.
Jammu: Two CRP policemen and two police chiefs of Jammu and Kashmir were shot dead and five others injured in an encounter with militants in Babagund Langate area of ​​Jammu and Kashmir. Kupwara district of Jammu and Kashmir today.
It is one of the fundamental rights of every citizen of India.
He also urged the residents to look at the report he has prepared which shows how he has worked in the past five years despite the pandemic. MLA who came to submit the report to the people, I too am a villager and I have never found an MLA to submit such a report.
These awards and certificates were distributed by the leaders of the party from Ri Bhoi including the elders and teachers of the schools.
This happened on Saturday on the border of South Garo Hills under the patrol of BSF troops of 43 Battalion.
The sudden appearance of the SHM at the residence of the Minister of State, has shocked the guards in front of the Conrad Gate and has shocked the neighboring residents. The police, immediately after receiving a tip, rushed down together with the magistrates to block the closure of the shop in front of the Minister's residence.
Antonio has strongly criticized James Sylliang, EM of Education, who is a member of the ruling party of the PDF, saying that if he were not the CEM, he would have removed him. James is the EM chairman who is now sitting.
As Nongsharai, he was one of the pastors who could overcome or resolve problems when the Church was in trouble and when the storms struck the Church.
The teaching and classes of the children are written in only 10 or 10 chapters because within 3 hours the children should sit or be at school but they are not allowed to sit or hold for a long time.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Meghalaya government today announced that it has launched a Help Line Number for the residents of Manipur. in the midst of the controversy.
Many government ministers, including the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma, MLAs, Chiefs of Army Staff and senior officers of various armed forces were present on the occasion. state.
The Stadium also shows the government's readiness to promote sports in the State.
The Directorate of Civil Defense and Home Guards, Meghalaya, Shillong has directed all candidates who have passed the examination for the post of Guardsman, Driver and NCE (Non Combatant Employee) to report to the Home Guards Offices. not available in the districts in relation to appointment and Basic Training.
Saeed, from Aurakzai Agency, is one of four leaders of the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) who announced his resignation in April last year.
Licha Tehi took three wickets while Subhash took 3/47 and Thakur 3/1
All the winners and participants are requested to come to the venue.
The Parish is located in the middle of a rich coal mining area and the coal mining in this area started in 1986 by the former MLA of Bah Raisen Mawsor, Bah Kawang Phanbuh (RIP) from Mawlai. Bur Syiemlieh from Kynshi and others.
Of the seven blasts, 500 people were injured, including Japan, England and 35 foreigners from the UK, US, Netherlands and Portugal. .
Speaking to media, Dr Mawthoh said the Congress party's vote share in the last elections compared to the vote share of the rural parties including the UDP, PDF, HSPDP and The Independents and the NPP have 42 percent more votes than the Congress.
All those who arrive at Bethany Hospital after or after 6th June 2020 who have completed their quarantine should wear masks, wash their hands thoroughly and stay away from others. pat if you don't have a house or a work.
Image: Contributed.
Speaking at a meeting to express his opposition to the government's 31% tax on petrol and diesel, Jyrwa said that the people have suffered from the dam closure, but the government has not. The place where these problems cannot be solved is still affecting the poor and needy who have lost their jobs due to the lockdown.
The union has also invited the employees of hospitals and banks in Jaintia Hills to take part in this tournament which will start soon.
"The Rangbah Shnong and the Dorbar have welcomed these families and said that they will not commit any more activities against the village to cause trouble so that they can live in peace and order and honor the Rangbah Shnong. Shnong as the head of the Shnong, and to comply with the rules and regulations of the Shnong as made by the Shnong.
Speaking on the large number of foreigners who have become residents of the state, Teilinia expressed her deep sorrow and said that when she went to Khyndailad to Iewduh, she saw that the number of foreigners has increased. “Go to Khyndailad, Iewduh, stand from above and look inside, see how many heads of people are indigenous people,” said Teilinia.
Daniel's friends, such as Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, were appointed to serve in the Babylonian courts.
According to a statement from the Seng Samla Hima Langrin (SSHL), the resolution of the rally has been sent to the KHADC to complain against the mismanagement of the dorbar by the Syiem. Hima and the children of the Hima, and this complaint has been going on for almost 3 months but the District Council through the EM In-charge, Bah PN Syiem has not yet taken any decision. The final decision of the Seng Samla Hima Langrin is that they will wait and respect only this month that the council will issue a decision to ensure the happiness of the children of the thousands in the Hima.
Explaining why the bill was introduced, Agatha said India ranks 140th out of 186 countries in the number of women representatives in Parliament.
“We are a tipbriew tipblei nation and we convey to them that as political leaders they should walk on this central issue of the nation,” said Bishop P Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Lber 29: More than 79,000 violators of election rules have been detected through the C-Vigil app of the Election Commission of India.
Speaking to media after the swearing-in ceremony of the members of the Central Executive Committee (CEC), HYC President Roy Kupar Synrem said that if it is necessary to choose between the ILP and MRSSAB, “While the Central Government is considering the ILP, we demand that the Central Government should approve the MRSSAB and after that we will see how the provisions of the Act work according to the law. " don't say.
The teams in the Western Conference will play next Saturday.
Your kingdom will never end.
The government's order was approved by the High Court.
He said that all the 10 positive cases have recovered and are under quarantine.
Meghalaya had beaten Nagaland at home, but only after this, Meghalaya managed to win the next games until Christmas. Arunachal Pradesh and Nagaland beat Sikkim in the semifinals to qualify for the final.
On this occasion, the Seng has made it clear that if they cannot remove the Tax Gate by 10/07/2023, the Seng will start protesting against the government, because for more than two months they have not accepted to remove the Tax Gate. N.Ribok Biam President of JSM Western Region said that the Tax Gate will not be owned by the Assam government due to the lack of the state government.
The MCTO & DA have found that there are about 30 such illegal tax collection gates.
Regarding whether to continue or stop the strike, the teachers have not yet taken a decision but have decided to stay on Monday night and will take a decision tomorrow. on 5th November and at the same place at 11 pm.
Therefore, know that “Syiem and Lyngdoh is not a kur or jait, but only a rank held by the Nongshynshar in the Raid or It of the Hima.
However, what is witnessed in such a celebration of others, is that they have thrown pataka bombs without any reason in these villages inhabited by the Khasi.
On the other hand, Nongstoiñ has three authorities in charge of the village. The first is the Hima authority under the jurisdiction of the Syiem, the second is the Dorbar Shnong. Nongstoin and Upper New Nongstoin and the third is the Nongstoin Town Committee.
In 2022 and in the past months, we have been invited to bring about a change in the government in power in Meghalaya, because the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma and NPP has very wicked rule and corruption for five years.
Dr Mukul said the Congress party will write to the political parties in the MDA government to join hands with the Congress party to liberate the state.
Easter F. Gatphoh (MPHF), Charter President RC-Jowai.
However, this is not the case, as it is not only this government that is concerned about resolving the issue, in fact it was found that even the previous government has taken action.
Lajong coach Alison Kharsyntiew said that Lajong need to win this match.
“The good news to the state government is that instead of trying to bring in the railway line in the state, it should have worked harder to bring in development projects from the government of India because the state is still less in many ways," he said.
SHillong, June 17 : Officials of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, under the leadership of the Secretary, Ramkumar S, IAS, recently visited health centers across the districts of the state. His five-day visit to monitor the operation of health centers and also to ensure that the residents receive adequate treatment.
In this programme, Bah Ivan B.Diengdoh, MPS, Deputy Superintendent of Police (Operation) gave a training and explanation on “Alcoholism and Substance Abuse”. followed by a poster and slogan competition on the theme “Say No to Drugs”, which was attended by many students, followed by greetings from Prof.RL Nongkhlaw who congratulated the chief guest and symbud chief guest for their time.
“If it happens in these cases that people have misplaced them, they should take the time and search for them first and after they have found out that their phones are lost, they will report to the The General Secretary of the Hamro Sikkim Party (HSP) led by Bhaichung Bhutia, Biraj Adhikari, has sent a letter of resignation to the President of the party. He said that he is not in good health and the party said that the decision of his resignation was taken because he suspected that there would be a division within the party.
Manipur is also one of the states where the migration of people from other places has increased despite the government's efforts to curb it.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The District Transport Officer, East Khasi Hills District, Tyngkrain has posted a sign near the gates to enter the office rooms where the public has to collect and deposit their documents. only within 2 pm due to the lack of staff in the office.
How many of us appreciate Jesus' words in the Gospel of Matthew 5:3 “Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven”3
It is here that we see that God created man once again with a special purpose for mankind on earth.
Those who violate this order will be punished according to the provisions of the Disaster Management Act, 2005 and the IPC. Don't be afraid.
The BJP Sohra Mandal alleged that the meeting convened by Dr Khongjee was without their knowledge and they did not want to attend.
The meeting decided to demand from the Government to cancel the upgradation of PHC Jaraiñ outside the Head Quarter to Sub-Divisional Hospital which is the right of Amlarem Head Quarter. Sub-Divisional Headquarters, Amlarem.
According to police sources, these youths were arrested when they appeared at Laitumkhrah Police Station and police arrested them on the basis of evidence that they were involved in the incident that night. About 4 police vehicles were set on fire in the grounds of the Thanad.
The Seng would also like to express its special gratitude to the former Rangbah Shnong Bah (L) Sylvester Kurbah and his family and especially to the former members of the Seng Samla Mawlai Phumuri who have passed away. three radbah in the past.
Speech was delivered by the General Secretary JSU Central Body, Jersom Shylla, who gave a speech of encouragement to the children.
In Meghalaya, about 52 out of 100 women are anemic.
On the other hand, Ardent said the HSPDP has no intention of overthrowing the government or replacing the CM in the Meghalaya United Alliance (MUA) government, but the party stands on the basis that the ILP is the perfect tool to prevent an influx of outsiders, he said.
However, that understanding, the drinkers violate without hesitation.
“He said that there should be a joint effort where to put the headquarters, where the right place can be found, the money is not available.
Speaking on the Fit India Freedom Run, he encouraged us to spend 30 to 60 minutes exercising a day so that we can become better people. to be strong in physical strength, to avoid any evil desires, or to waste time on those who are useless.
He said that they had also reminded him regarding the announcement of the Prime Minister before the election that Rambra PHC will be upgraded to CHC, but the DM&HO has said that nothing has been done yet. The government has announced that it will upgrade the PHC to a CHC and has surprised the union.
“We tried to ask for the documents of their daughter's illness, but the doctors and nurses refused, which made the relatives angry and in the dark. .
Other speakers on the occasion included Joram Beda, Director, NEIGRIHMS, Dr.K Ganapathy and others.
The BJP won 60 seats in the last elections and its allies won 15 seats.
The Bolero (ML 01 -1838) in which the robbers entered the ground floor of the office and threw petrol on it and burnt it down.
If Art.370 of the special status of Jammu Kashmir can be repealed at midnight, it will be difficult for the BJP to amend the clauses of the ILP to promote tourism in Meghalaya.
If someone asks, “Why don't you obey the government's orders?” They answer like those who go to church—that no one has been sick.
The requirements of any girl under the age of 18 years, who has been affected by Penetrative Sexual Assault – Section 3 of the POCSO Act, Section 376, 376A-E of the POCSO Act Indian Penal Code, 1860 (IPC) and those who have given birth to children are covered by this scheme.
When they told us about their survival, they said that they didn't know how to explain.
On the other hand, Ms Syngai said that many societies have lost their money and many have been debted and she said that she is one of the judges of the Bagijai Courts which judges the failure of the beneficiaries. ram did not pay for his ram.
Through this programme, about 5,500 entrepreneurs and more than 200 startups have been supported.
This is just a small example, but we know that teachers do not receive salaries, contractors do not receive bills and other jobs have been stopped because the government itself lacks funds.
After 50 years of independence, the residents of Huroi, Hingaria, Lejri and Lahalein villages have yet to get a proper road, which most of them have to walk only on the forest road.
Shillong, July 24: An earthquake measuring 3.4 on the Richter Scale struck Shillong at 5:55 pm today, according to the Meteorological Department. The earthquake occurred in West Khasi Hills.
One was a bright boy, who received a lot of praise from people.
The President of the Voice of the People (VPP), Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, has arrived in front of the Secretariat from 10.00 am on 23rd June 2023 to hold an indefinite hunger strike as part of the demand. Government to amend the Reservation Policy.
Many Khasi don't know what kind of permit it is.
The association's objection is that the quarry is adjacent to the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary and the area falls under the Eco-Sensitive Zone.
Protect your eyes:- Protecting and maintaining healthy eyes is not impossible.
When inquiring from the police, it was learned that Bah Manason Doloi, is in parts of Assam and the Meghalaya-Assam border areas, but they have not yet found the exact location. The Sordar of Warmawsaw has been arrested.
Mamata Banerjee's TMC in West Bengal has been derecognized as a national party because it has not won in four or more states in India. these past years.
When asked whether the government will appeal against the High Court's order, Prestone said, “I cannot say anything yet, but we have sent a letter to the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA). On the other hand, the CISF has informed the MHA that it does not have a police force to send to the state.
WFP is currently conducting a survey to find the most suitable options in three provinces at no cost.
This donation of Prof. Gopal shows that IIM Shillong has dedicated leaders for this training institution.
“From time to time, there is a complaint against MeECl that as employees we are very happy, consumers come to us, they don't have the dignity to come to us. “This has affected us and this is only because the service delivery of MeECL has declined,” he added.
Before the MLA elections 2023, we all see that many MLAs have shown patriotism.
“This statement leads to a lack of respect for the people of Meghalaya who have turned politics into religion.
Brazil have won twice in the 2026 World Cup qualifiers after Marquinhos scored the first goal to beat Peru 1-0 on Saturday. Church of Five.
In the HSSLC examination, the number of candidates has increased by 3832 compared to the 2022 census of 28,1
There is no need to talk about the many problems that the people have faced and are still facing, because of the deterioration of this road, as we hear in other places the voice of the people who complain about the problems. , in the area, the residents also expressed their concerns especially the health problems which took time to transport the patients to the hospitals due to the poor condition of the road.
NoNga has a lot of helpful news about this world.
Shillong: The JAC of Sohiong Hima has demanded the removal of the Lyngdoh of Sohiong and the handover of Nongwahmawtamur village which the Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima has handed over to the Syiem of Jirang Hima.
Allegedly, the Mining and Geology Department and the Transports Department do not want to implement the Mining Policy, Bah Rymbai said, “If they implement (the Mining Policy) they will not be able to do such things illegally.
Shillong, November 13: At Nongkrem Polling Station in Nongkrem constituency, 666 voters have registered today, but 562 voters have turned out to cast their votes. I didn't cast my vote.
The union requested him to turn around and implement what was planned from the beginning to turn the agricultural school into a university.
Shillong, Nohprah 2: An elderly woman named Jngar Nongdhar, 73, has lost her life after being hit by a truck on Saturday. I was walking along the road.
The government has admitted that the introduction of 500 and 1000 notes is to fight corruption, counterfeit money and terrorism but Dr Mukul alleged that, “After the introduction of these notes, it has become more open. Corruption is not allowed even in offices where there is no corruption such as banks, Income Tax department and even in the RBI office”.
Peter J Lawai, Sordar Shnong Mawryngkneng, who is also the Chairman of the Union of Sordars of Six Villages, said, “Mawryngkneng PHC, although the State has been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, has not yet received protective equipment. doctors and staff of the PHC even though they are the frontline workers in the care of the sick.
Surprisingly, political parties don’t talk about it.
It is believed that a group of CorCom militants led by Paresh Baruah attacked the 11th Grenadier Regiment in Nongtau Khamti and Piyong areas of Namsai district.
The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya, IAS, will inaugurate the market on February 7,
“But our God is in heaven; he did everything his own way.
Overall, Meghalaya has won three times and lost two matches – against Hyderabad and Mizoram.
Eight MPs, including BJP, Shiv Sena, Congress, Samajwadi Party, Bahujan Samaj Party and AIMIM, voted in Parliament. Many MLAs from the Congress and NCP have admitted to supporting the NDA candidate Droupadi Murmu.
However, when it is the birthday of the workers, the rich man allows them to dress as they please.
Trump, he informs, is in good health.
Many of the villages have not been able to repair from the damage that occurred last month.
This is for the law to frighten people who mean to commit crimes, but what is happening now is where he has fear.
They shall not break their necks, nor shall they cover their mouths and heads with a cloth or with a tymbuit, if they do not have a cloth in their hands.
Shillong: Shillong received 43.9mm of rainfall today while 4.4mm today.
If we continue to be like this, then disaster awaits us.
Nongpoh: At 1:30 pm today, a group of four persons, who caused trouble inside the check post, at the Screening Center in Umling, Ri Bhoi District.
I am writing even in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic because I feel very sorry for my Khasi-Pnar people, which I love so much.
Faith teaches people to be full of love and patience.
Besides, he said that other governments in other states have their own programs of the state government or the central government and he is surprised to make such allegations.
At the same time, the celebration began with a service conducted by Rev.DR Marngar Pastor incharge of the District. every.
We will work together on a firm basis and will continue to provide services to the people based on the decision that the people have given us.
Meanwhile, East Garo Hills Police on Friday seized GNLA weapons from a Scorpio vehicle in Chinabat.
However, we should not lose hope, because the right of citizenship from the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum people is still strong and strong through the KHADC, and in ASSAM as we see.
On the other hand, Bose Swell Khongthorem said that the appointment of the Acting Rangbah Shnong by the Syiem has no basis after the Syiem has appointed an Adhoc Committee without calling the dorbar.
Andreas Suchiang, Head of Saba Village Council, Saba Village Council, Secretary, Saba Village Council.
I will convene a meeting in my capacity with the MSPCB and to explain to the member on this matter,” said the CM. to prevent anyone from carrying on their activities.
The Government has also approved a Committee headed by the Chief Secretary to review and approve the documents of those officers who should go to school.
“I have been only a small creature of God and His choice of me to take this responsibility is not because of my ability or my skills but because He has a plan for me. part of his kingdom to use me as his least servant,” said Bishop Wilbert.
Shillong: The National Congress Party (NCP) Meghalaya State Unit, Saleng Sangma, on Tuesday said that the party has decided to nominate only two or three candidates. from this party in the MDC elections of GHADC to be held on 9th June
Pranab said this year, the country is celebrating the 100th anniversary of Gandhi's return from South Africa in
On the part of Bah Korin Lyngkhoi Sordar of Mawlumramkdait, he said that in the past, there was only one village, Mawlum, which came from Nginiong, which is the mother village. In 2006, the Dorbar Pyllun as a whole decided to change the name from Mawlum to Mawlumramkdait. There was no opposition or objection to this decision and it went smoothly.
“Forcible cuts kill the idea of ​​democracy and public confidence in democratic institutions," he added.
Finally, if it is really necessary to divide the reservation according to the ethnic groups in the state, keeping in mind the youth of Meghalaya of the 21st century and the employment opportunities in the state government, then let us strive to divide 80%. according to the number and to prepare the roster should be.
Sounder Strong Cajee, candidate from the AMTCP, said that if the people remember Rowell Lyngdoh, one of the leaders of the area, They said that if they want change, they should give their full support.
This happened in the town of Groza in the city of Kharkiv.
Ed (Diploma in Elementary Education) of NIOS in the invitation to recruit about 2,648 teaching posts in Uttarakhand.
The committee urges the public to cooperate by following the rules of driving and urges the public to refrain from lighting fires to avoid fire as a sign of respect. to preserve and protect the environment.
S. Thongni, Rangbah Shnong of Ranikor, welcomed the guests while Dr. T. Sangma, Medical Officer, Ranikor Community Health Centre, gave the welcome speech.
The temporary Executive Committee was appointed for a term of six months, and within these months the party will hold an election to elect the full leaders including the President and members. the Central Executive Committee so that the working methods can be carried out smoothly.
The Professor said that there is still a need to research the information about Syiem Tirot Singh as many of the writings were written in English. Tirot Singh's death anniversary in
Manish also defended Pala by saying that he is not the reason for the departure of the MLAs because he is not from Delhi but from Meghalaya.
Nongpoh, November 23: With only a few months left to reach the election for the renewal of the Legislative Assembly 2023, the Vice President of the State UDP Ri Bhoi District, Bah CB Syiem and his team today left the UDP party.
When she was older, she went to hunt blang, she went to khar ñiangphlang to Didum/Riwar where Pamen lived, but she didn't know that there were such wicked people as the women told her.
The electricity generation in Meghalaya is only 3.741 million units while the electricity demand is 6.67 million units.
Even the Constitution of India has been amended hundreds of times to ring and bring it in line with the times.
“It doesn't matter that Lebanon didn't play well in the last match, but they will play hard in this match.
The owner of the shop has informed the Lumdiengjri Police Station and the police immediately went to investigate the shop and found that the robbers broke into the shop by breaking the skylight of the second floor and entered the shop.
In this incident, the doctor's 2-year-old son survived.
The Minister of State, who is also the MLA of the area, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, who was the chief guest, welcomed the guests and donated T 1.00 lakh tyngka. to this school.
“It is necessary for us to strengthen the police force,” he said.
Raison said that in the last MLA election, about 200 people did not vote for this reason.
Jowai Police in the presence of ADC, CS Laloo, SP of WJH, R Muthu, Addl.SP, Shempang Syrti and other district officials came to witness and participate in the ceremony. CS Laloo said that this is due to the decision of the district authorities after allowing them to sit in front of the DC for three days, but they have not been able to sit in front of the DC for three days. This was held at the MTC stand without the permission of the District authorities.
Parents who do not have the money to pay school fees for their children, day labourers, casual and contractual workers, migrant workers, market workers, ASHAs, Anganwadis and domestic workers.
Sambirlang Nongtdeh scored the goals in the 52nd and 70th minutes and Heini Phalangki in the 71st minute. 64th minute.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 10: It is a shame that even in the city, the work cannot be done properly, especially in the more remote areas.
Speaking on the occasion, Father Lakhontre said that knowing about Jesus is not easy, it is that as soon as you meet him you recognize him, but it takes time to know him well as God and Him. Savior if you don't stay long.
When she visited, she saw that her son spent time and energy watching the Dkhiew carrying Wieh, Ktiar and sometimes he spent time watching the Thabalieh of various kinds who came to Umsyntiew from one flower and one flower of the flowers that were around the Myndu shoh kba.
You are in Rakut (your house).
However, when they come, the MDA government has ordered the departments especially the PWD (Roads) to improve the lipstick color and to clean up the dirt on the roads of the city.
The employees are appointed every year by the MDCs in power only to win again.
In this regard, he said that the department has tried to maintain and protect those water sources.
The demolition of the 300-year-old temple, located south of the Iraqi city of Basra, is said to be only to widen the highway that passes through the site. don't don't have a bag.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: After the MeECL department has lifted the blackout for several hours in the state, which has lasted for months in the past few days, but in the rural areas, it seems to be a blackout. load shedding continues.
However, if we tell the truth, all these discussions end only in the morning and there is such a thing and this has spread until it has destroyed the dignity of that candidate. the leader who is in charge of this matter.
You know that in the past, the land we cultivated now has been covered with snow until the Mei bapli has destroyed that land.
The geography of Meghalaya is that the villages are far apart.
The festival was inaugurated by Paiem Wanphrang Syiem Sirdar of Nongpoh Sirdarship as the chief guest. other dignitaries, along with various participants of the festival.
He also urged them to set a goal by competing in paramaki so that they can improve their work.
Regarding the government's decision on the payment of tuition fees in government-aided and private schools and churches, the state government has received a notice through the Department of Education.
What the farmer in Khasi-Jaintia needs to know is how to make dumasla from this plant.
And the children who open are employed as meter readers.
Shillong, November 26: The Chiefs of Shiliang Umkhen Village Authorities (Union of Shiliang Umkhen Village Authorities) have protested against the army's search operation. bag to this area.
As school children, we should not put a spirit of failure but to try and parents give not wealth for their children but especially education, to look after their children have the strength. Talent Identification should not be forced if they do not have talent.
The number of cases worldwide has risen to 4,174,651 and the death toll to 285,945, according to Johns Hopkins University.
Those who criticize me are now the ones who are lying,” said Bah Känsing.
We have spent the past 77 years and 50 years, not a single party has come to power here in our state and here in Central, to build adequate and adequate schools, hospitals for the sick, especially the poor, in the past 77 and 50 years.
In the second division, Riatsamthiah beat Mawrungkeng 2-0
However, it was said that this increase in the death toll of refugees is due to the inability of these countries to provide security measures especially in the border areas.
They said that the MPCC meeting last night at the residence of MPCC President Bah DD Lapang, decided to give ticket to Bah Gabriel Wahlang as he is a person close to them.
The meeting was conducted by Bah T. Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA).
According to a complaint lodged by the Inspector General of Police (IGP) GHP Raju and the SP of East Khasi Hills, Mariahom Kharkrang, Lyngdoh said that Dkhar was taken to the Beat House by the suspect. Police said that Momin was hit by a motorcycle.
The distribution of medicines was conducted at Umsawrang village under Mawsynram C&RD Block and Rongsingre village under Chokpot C&RD Block.
This decision will benefit 100,000 workers and elderly people in the state, he said.
Tajum Dere of Arunachal Pradesh won the silver medal in 2.29:19 seconds while Kevinjohn Khyllait of Meghalaya won the bronze medal. 2:30:45 seconds.
Swell was born on July 5, 1923 in Lait Kynsew and passed away on July 25, 1999 at Woodland Hospital at the age of
Although the death toll of pigs has been increasing, the government has not yet confirmed and is awaiting the report.
To improve revenue collection is not only from GST, but also from other non-GST revenues, such as revenue collection from land resources which the government is struggling to overcome tax evasion and other ways to improve.
In a statement, NEIG CEO Ajoymeson Lyngdoh said that NEIG will hold more tournaments like this to promote football in Jaintia Hills and will open a training camp soon in Jowai.
The arrested were identified as Jimmy Sutnga and Sdangki Myrphet.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Donald Thabah expressed his regret that even after the 50th anniversary of the state's independence, many of the indigenous people are still homeless. poverty, lack of employment opportunities and decline in income.
The Seng has found that along the road especially after the thew from the thew bridge at Sohkha, but the trucks have been carrying too much and this behavior of the trucks has endangered the traffic and damaged the traffic. quickly on the NH-4
He congratulated the Speaker of the Lok Sabha for deciding to hold this program in Shillong and for allowing the leaders from the ruling party of Meghalaya and other states in the region to share their views. .
Nongstoiñ, March 6: Ka Sur ki nong West strongly condemns the brutality of the Meghalaya Police, until they don't know how to respect the contract teachers who are women as well as their children, who are young who participated , with the unfortunate violence that the female teachers were treated by the male Policemen.
It was also understood that while the Dorbar Shnong, the committee and the MDC are giving time to clean up, they will see whether the cleaning up of the company will benefit them or not. Ri Syiar can also be opened again.
“Earlier we had signed an agreement with the ANVC in which they promised and announced that they have handed over all the weapons and all the members will come and surrender, but the sad thing is that the ANVC is still hiding the members and ammunition depots," the Prime Minister said.
He said that this has affected the candidates who have prepared properly.
After robbing the house, the robbers also stole a suit case containing the items inside the house. necessary documents of the office.
A Rangbah from Pamlaban, a village near Mawhati, named Bah Thomas Muktieh, while he was on his way to his farm, saw This Khaprang, which in English is called "Slow Loris" and in Bhoi, while it is suffering from its illness, is caught in a tree on the way to the field.
The children demanded that the government should implement ILO Convention No. 189 on the Prohibition of Child Labour.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Condemning the government for its inability to pass the Village Administration Bill on the grounds that there are still many people who want clarity, the KHNAM has said that the problem is coming to overcome. Now, it is because all the leaders are busy only to distribute power, distribute shatri, distribute tin or distribute clothes and they have forgotten to pass laws to protect the people. community.
l SP and West Jaintia Hills.
On the other hand, he said that if this continues, he does not know where the future of the youth of the state will go.
Shillong, June 19 : While the United Democratic Party (UDP) is still relying on the sympathy vote to win the upcoming MLA elections from Sohiong constituency, the NPP has admitted that the sympathy vote will not be able to create peace in the country. The election for the new leadership will be held on the 10th of June this year.
“The answer from the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma recently in a meeting with the teachers on 29th November, 2015 is that there is no money,” said Bah Nongsiang.
Referring to the BJP's work in Nagaland, Jaiswal said the party has taken special measures to fulfill the promises it made before the elections.
This is what is born of the Holy Spirit, and receives the gifts of the Holy Spirit of God.
He said that there have been suggestions that the Roster System should not have been in place since 1972 but should have been in place from now on.
Shops and restaurants should not allow people to sit inside the shops, and consumers should leave the shops after eating.
The President of the Union, Bah SK Sun, will be the chief guest.
The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government led by the MDA-II will meet on Tuesday to discuss the Roster System ordered by the Court.
Faith is the beginning of salvation and is the way of salvation because, He said, "He that believeth on me, and keepeth my teachings, and my commandments, hath eternal life.
The general appearance of these table lands is that of undulating down.
Dalal alone had to fight hard along with some of his teammates but they couldn't tie Arbin's skillful ball.
Joseph, who is the Director in charge of the six states in the North East, except Assam, said that in fact according to the rules of procedure of the registry, there is no need for the department. BPMs should be appointed by the people of the village where the Post Office is located or the people near the Post Office. They must obtain a certificate from the Rangbah Shnong that they are the owners of the village and that the village has no restriction on them to work for this purpose.
Wansalan E Dhar July 23, 2020 It is a very big question, that each of us should take responsibility to ask, why as the days and years go by, we see that more and more all kinds of evil in society or even in the homes which has caused so much damage that the power of evil has worked strongly in these days.
As a writer, he was the Editor of the Khasi newspaper “Ka Lympung Ri Lum” which was published every Saturday in 1956-1
Ardent said this is the mass protest to protect the country which started in
What is needed for everyone now is to wake up and seek the face of God in prayer and supplication.
In East Khasi Hill, 218 trade licenses were issued while 370 were renewed, 145 transport licenses were issued and 173 were renewed.
The KSU said, “Only because the Meghalaya Electricity Department intends to provide electricity to the Khasi residents of this area which is their right, the Assam police through the intimidation of Nepalis They bombed and tied the MeECL employees and the residents of Umwali village until they reached the hospital”.
The cold weather in these areas has caused a lot of anxiety to the farmers especially at these times when the state is facing difficulties in connection with the Covid-19 pandemic.
Valarie is the daughter of Grateful Lyngdoh and is survived by three children.
Captain Williamson Memorial Government College was established in 1994 and has been run by the State Government since 2008. 10.80 crore, the purpose is to comply with the NEP 2020 to provide education in various lines and to increase the GER in Higher Education in the Districts by setting up new Academic Blocks.
Earlier, Bah Shangpliang expressed his regret over the non-release of funds from the BADP for two years.
We cannot forget one of the Sngewbha organizations 'Khoid Ya ka Wah Myntdu' and we cannot fail to support this organization which is very concerned about the ways and means to prevent and prevent by explaining to the people not to throw garbage. different parts of the River.
“Before June this year, the word 'Roster System' did not exist in our minds.
We can expect that Conrad will not be able to create even 2 lakh government jobs in five years.
In Psalm 151 verse 3, in the last line it says, "After the dark night there shall be a bright morning"
Shillong, Jymmang 12: All the political parties in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) coalition government have expressed their support for the Memorandum of Understanding signed between the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam to resolve the issue. incident in 6 border areas.
On the other hand, the MLA as the chief guest said that the presence of such shops will also help in creating employment opportunities for the youth. foreigners to come and work in the state.
The All India Public Sector Chess Tournament 2023, which started on 22nd June, was closed today at Pinewood Hotel, Shillong.
He said that if the government does not take action, it will suffer for the Dorbar Shnong.
Repentance is one of the actions that touches God's heart, that He will change what He has purposed, even when He has already purposed to destroy what He is angry with.
Some of these schemes for rural awareness have been implemented in this campaign, including Ayushman Bharat – PMJAY, PM Garib Kalyan Anna Yojana, Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana, PM Awas Yojana, PM Ujjwalla Yojna, PM Vishwakarma, PM Kishan Saman, Kisan Credit Card (KCC), Har Ghar Jal – Jal Jeevan Mission, Jan Dhan Yojana, Suraksha Bima Yojana, Atal Pension Yojana and others.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya has spent T.8,16, 22,52,312 crore to fight the disease which has struck the State since October .
Shillong Lajong in the first half had a strong chance to score in the 21st minute but Sangti Janai Shianglong's shot went wide.
It is now clear that the MDA II has 45 MLAs while the Opposition will have 14 MLAs. The MDA II will win the election to elect the Lamphang and also in the power struggle.
The Nongshat, Nongkhein (Nongthmat, Nongtrong in Pnar) and Nongknia Nongkhriam told this writer, “THE JAINSPONG SIGNS THE POWER AND AUTHORITY in relation to God.
Custom:The thep mawbah mawshyieng is customized according to the religion.
"“These two projects have been awarded to private companies but due to the lack of funds to implement these projects and the excessive increase in price and the reluctance of the companies to implement these projects. projects, the Cabinet has decided to cancel these projects.
Phawa recalled that in the years 2000-2001, the people came out to support the protests led by Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
Connect to a PAN (Permanent Account Number) Card.
However, on our part, only the Police Outpost which should have been set up in Mukroh has been moved to Barato.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the people should not be surprised or blame the government, but whatever decision the government takes will be for the benefit of the people. village.
“Now that the Christmas season has arrived, the school fees of the children have affected the cost of living, but this EC led by Ma Thombor has not taken any action to look after the welfare of the workers,” he said. “The council employees have sent a letter to the CEM demanding six months salary, arrear of revised pay according to the Fifth Pay Commission,” said Lakhon.
A team of Madanryting Police Station led by Sub Inspector Elias R. Marak rushed to the scene at 4 pm.
Do you think women in India, especially those with low income, will be happy to see a rocket launched to the moon? They cannot look at the plane in the hope that one day they will be able to sit down, when their children are unemployed.
