Therefore, the time has come for the Government of India to take steps to recognize the Khasi language so that the Khasi can see that their rightful demands have not been ignored.
There are 111 recoveries in 10 districts.
These are some of the important reasons that we should consider when we begin to move forward in the establishment of the Medical College.
We have united all the leaders of the parties, it is up to the people to unite,” said Dr Donkupar.
It would be of great help if the Banks take the initiative to provide training opportunities to the public from time to time and also to conduct special programs on how the public can improve their jobs. their jam in connection with their business.
Aditya Verma scored 25 runs.
Mukhla had one of the toughest matches of the season in which they scored five goals, while Shangpung managed to score only one goal.
The campaign of the MLAs to get more paid is still going on from time to time to remove Dr Mukul but the question is whether this campaign will end or disappear completely because Dr Mukul has prepared many. strategy to quell this protest.
The MBOSE authorities have lodged a complaint with the police to punish those who released the fake results.
Shillong, November 10: The Meghalaya Scouts and Guides Education Congress (BSC) will hold its first meeting at Pinemount Ridge, near Pinemount School, Shillong.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 11: The new building of the Lyngngam Presbyterian College, Mawthengkut on Tuesday was inaugurated by Dr.WR Kharlukhi, MP Rajya Sabha. he is like a guest.
“I urge the people of the state to start cooperative societies for the purpose of setting up their own businesses so that the government can provide financial assistance through a loan of up to 25 lakh tyngka each. The Cooperative Society is not established,” he added.
Besides, Rgh DK Dkhar, urged and encouraged the children and the youth, not to waste their lives while these two elders are still in this shlem, because the The traditional music will continue to survive and flourish, if they take the time to learn the skits of various musical instruments taught by these two elders.
In the last elections, the BJP has always contested (elections) alone," he said.
Such young people will eventually face many problems and will lose the rest of their lives.
The enrollment of SC students in grades 11-12 was 52.9% in 2019-20; 56.1% in 2020-21 and 61.5% in 2021-2
In the first and third months of the month, vehicles ending in 0,2,4,6,8 will run on the first day of the month. Tuesday and Wednesday, while vehicles ending in 1,3,5,7,9 will run on Tuesdays and Fridays, in the second and fourth months of the month, vehicles ending in u 1,3,5,7,9 will run on Monday, Tuesday and Thursday, while vehicles ending at 2,4,6,8 will run on Tuesday and Friday.
He said that the Ministry of Tourism together with the Asian Development Bank (ADB) will introduce new projects and initially, Shillong and Sohra Circuits will receive T.70 crore. offer.
It may be recalled that during the curfew hours called by the Sengbhalang to strengthen the demand for ILP, up to 14 members of various Sengbhalang have been arrested across Shillong. Shillong, Nailur 3: The Nongtung Villages raid has warned the government to register them in Meghalaya or else they will enter Assam.
Shillong: The Village Leaders of Wahkaji PHC have expressed their deep sorrow over the shortage of staff in Wahkaji PHC. The 9 villages also expressed their regret to learn that Wahkaji PHC does not have a single ambulance although this PHC is more than 40kms away from the District Headquarters (Mawkyrwat) and has to look after them. villages farther away from the PHC at Wahkaji.
Wah Sholin Shylla, Waheh Shnong Chyrmang, delivered the welcome speech, while Skemjingmut Law, Adviser, RAC Pine City Shillong delivered a keynote address.
They ruled parts of the Khasi and Jaintia Hills including the northern parts of Bangladesh and parts of the Sutnga Hima.
Police have also requested anyone who knows the suspect to come forward to arrest him.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Edward Kharwanlang, Rangbah Shnong of Laban, who was also the Chief Guest, and Suresh Singh, Senior Member of Laban Sports Club. , who gave the final welcome speech to the participants before the start of the two-day tournament.
I hope that the people will give their support to this party, which works for the people especially for the poor.
He said that regarding the lack of accommodation for the staff, water and ambulance, the union will meet with the District Medical & Health Officer to discuss the issue.
New Delhi: The total number of cases of covid-19 in India has risen to 54.87 lakh with 86,961 new cases in the past 24 hours and 1,130 deaths.
Speaking on the MDC election, Bah Titos said that there have been candidates who have come to apply for tickets but in this case too they have done the same because they do not want to rush.
Although the people live by rice cultivation, their rice cultivation method is different because there is no field at all and the rice is grown in the hills.
On the other hand, Agnes said it is surprising that the state government and the police departments have not had any information on this incident. challenge this section.
Non-supportive means they will have to sit dry for five years? MLAs receive this scheme every year to implement in their constituencies and they also have rules on how to conduct chess activities under this scheme.
Therefore, a person who reads from beginning to end the books written by others every day, but cannot read them himself, is called a book-worm.
Immediately, a “No-entry” sign has been put up for heavy vehicles from 7 am to 8 pm.
Prestone's remarks came after allegations that the Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma has had a desire to join the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
This is the spirit of the law.
Shillong: U Pramod Kumar Pandey today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan at Raj Bhavan Shillong.
Tomorrow, the party will meet with the party workers at the Soso Tham Auditorium, State Central Library, Shillong, with the leading leaders of the AITC, District and Block Committee leaders, members, women, youth and others. student.
On the other hand, the Publicity Secretary of the party, Bah Keson Kleiñ, said that all the office bearers, members, Rangbah Shnongs and Secretary Shnongs of Karbi villages in Meghalaya, are welcome to attend the meeting. All members from the units of the party are requested to attend the meeting.
This shows that the MDA government is a house of division.
“I refused to sign these kotsada, but they insisted, saying that there was nothing wrong and ordered me to be the first witness on the charges. camp and Aryan Khan.
She urged the villages in Jowai to take advantage of the various schemes implemented by the JMB. Wailadmiki Shylla in his speech said that the JMB has received a fully equipped garbage dump. The JMB will send the household waste to the factories in Jaintia Hills to burn these waste and build a dewbilat factory.
“If you go anywhere nowadays, you will find that the price of beef is not the same as before, because now the price of beef has increased due to the outbreak of this disease.
Police said that T.15 lakh was demanded from the relatives of the youth but they refused the price.
Then he threw the wheat on the ground so that they could eat.
The purpose of the committee, which was recently set up by the Government, is for the second phase of the border demarcation with Assam.
The channels also used headlines that alleged that the authorities were biased in controlling the riots.
Many teachers, principals, head masters and head mistresses of various schools have come to celebrate the 178th birth anniversary of Tirot Singh. There were also songs and performances by the students of these schools in Mairang.
It is to be recalled that the Legislative Assembly in 2019 passed a resolution for the implementation of the ILP but the issue is still pending with the central government.
The reason for the incident was the MDC ticket from Mawkhar-Pynthor and Jaiaw constituencies where KHNAM has decided on Thomas Passah from Jaiaw and Rocky Hek from Pynthor. KHNAM has approved the ticket election from these two constituencies.
It was also decided to open an office of the NPP in Assam, which will be opened on 17th June
He said that from the beginning when the government called for talks instead of filing a suit, it was too much for them to take advantage of the government's silence.
Those temples were known as the temple of Solomon and the temple of Herod.
WJH scored 60/1 in 8.2 overs by 2 runs.
Only NPP leader Purno Agitok Sangma, former Speaker of the Lok Sabha, and Daryl William Momin, Congress candidate, have filed their nomination papers to contest from Tura.
Winnerson also admitted that there will be others who will join the BJP in the coming days.
We have farmers who grow basic food items and there are also those who try to grow crops that do not contain any pesticides and use natural fertilizers that ensure health. for those who eat them.
Charles said it is very important to have a helicopter landing ground in Shillong and Tura but he said, “To land only one helicopter and that too only in one day, you have to spend a lot of money. it's a shisha expenditure".
Never base your love on monetary things.
In the letter, they requested the SP not to transfer Bah M.Rymbai to other places in case of any unreasonable demand.
A few days later, another commotion broke out in one of the fish ponds in Ri-Bhoi where one of the participants brought a dead fish.
Donbok said HITO will send a letter to Amit Shah to send an inquiry to find out the truth and arrest those involved in corruption even if it is the old government. nor a new government.
They requested the Management to look into this so that other Engineers will not be in trouble and urged the management to be encouraging and not to discourage the employees and requested to lift the suspension order. Resident Engineer.
As the state has lost Block-I and Block-II, it is not only these areas. shane, there they will look at the places where the Khasi live and then they will look at them.
“When asked about the Meghalaya High Court's failure to approve the work of the State Police especially in relation to the illegal coal trade, Dr. Bishnoi said, “We have acted according to the We have tried to correct the errors but the authority of the Puit is not yet able to monitor every part of the state and as you know there are forest roads which there may be smuggling of coal.
“We have been discriminated against in society, the attitude of people towards us is very difficult that we are facing these days,” said a member of the Association of Challenged People Meghalaya. the newspaper in Shillong.
There are Nongïalam who have been elected by the people or by the group or by the Seng.
In a clear statement to the management of the Bank Branch, the union will not stand idly by and will continue until the demands are met.
Because we don't want the 80 p.
Similarly, when drivers violate the law, the police used to fine them but today instead of the fine, Syntiew Kulab distributed the fine and also warned them to respect the law for the sake of to avoid any accidents and accidents while driving the vehicles.
Although the ethnic origin of the Khasi is far away and completely different from others, but with the understanding and determination of the intellectuals and members of the Constituent Assembly they have established a free India on the basis of rights. , freedom and equality.
Successful leaders are those who think and sacrifice for others and for the nation, not for themselves.
In July 2019, the Meghalaya High Court had directed the HPC to provide information on the request of the Shillong Municipal Board to the number of people who live in Them Metor.
Arbin Singh took three wickets and Gagan Deep took two wickets for Sputnik.
“However, we have not stated that the implementation of this Act has been successful since the last few days as we have already formed groups within the districts headed by Deputy Commissioners and even SPs such as member of the committee,” said Bah Tynsong.
It is not known whether these are the same people who set fire to a car in Mawprem last month and who detonated a petrol bomb at the residence of Patricia Mukhim, Editor Shillong Times in Umpling in the past few days. Police investigation is ongoing.
They have the right to hold dharnas and other forms of protest but they don't have the right to touch anyone,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ. The PDF has decided to urge the EC to look again at the issuance of NOCs to the seven road projects.
“Jeffreson Jana is his brother who was arrested and the incident when the name Jeffreson Jana appeared, people took a picture of this young man from social media and spread this, allegedly that he is responsible for the murder of his two sons,” said the policeman.
“According to the AD Rules, as announced by the Chairman (inside the House) there will be no nomination for the post of Chief Executive Member. “My name was proposed as the new Chief Executive Member by Batskhem Ryntathiang and supported by Fantin Joseph Lakadong,” said Pynïaid.
He urged the Sordar to ensure that the Raid is conducted in order to bring peace, religion, customs and orderly Khadar rule in collaboration with the Hima and the Raid Mawlieh.
“Regarding the appointment of Statutory Officers and University Engineers, the interview for these posts is scheduled to be held on 20th and 22nd November, 2023 and the preparations for this are ongoing. " he said.
“It is not true that we take the law into our own hands, but in fact, we help the Infiltration Department to search for infiltrators.
Some of the decisions of the meeting submitted by the MIPRL to the Prime Minister were to set up a Steering Committee to oppose the decision of the NGT. the people and to fight for their rights.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The Meghalaya High Court today granted less than six months to the former Chief Executive Member of the Khasi District Council, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, to respond to the letter and explanation sent by the Khasi District Council. Three members of the HYC to the Court.
On the same day, the joint candidate Robertjune Kharjahrin was also introduced to the MLAs, MDCs and leaders of the two parties.
In this regard, the BJYM has urged the Minister to take immediate action to get a full time Vice-Chancellor.
Union Sports Minister Anurag Thakur has suspended his trip to China for the opening of the 19th Asian Games in Hangzhou after Chinese authorities refused to grant permission. Three athletes from Arunachal Pradesh who are scheduled to take part in the tournament which will start on Saturday.
“The Communists claim that their party rules the world, but Amit Shah claims that the BJP is the largest party in the world,” he said.
If we look at other ethnic groups from Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Nagaland and Assam, there have been students who have done well in this examination this year and have made a name for themselves.
We would like to demand that the government should consider upgrading the EE Office of the department by upgrading the Sub Divisional Office at Amlarem,” said Eddy Kery Pohtam, President JSU War Jaintia Circle.
One of the reasons why children are overweight is the choice of high-fat, high-sugar foods in packages.
He said that even at the General Council Meeting, the UDP party did not inform him and he did not attend.
He said that the 108 employees have not refused to take this strong step after the authorities have not listened to their long-standing complaint.
(iii) On the demand of the civil society, the MDA government has promised to introduce safeguards in the MRSSA which will be The government has already prepared a draft amendment which will be implemented through an Ordinance.
On the part of the family members of Roland Lawai, including his mother, Kong Flabia Lawai and father, Bah Bikostar Kharsati, they expressed their gratitude and congratulations to Khrawboklang Kharlukhi for his death. load yourself.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Pius Marweiñ said that the ability to set up such development projects in terms of sports grounds will be one of the ways to encourage the youth of the area to Therefore, with the understanding and the need to do so today, it has been witnessed that many of the youth of the area are very interested in this field. On the 7th July, 2023, the two foundation stones were laid for the project.
"“It is for this reason that the talks have been ongoing and the Prime Minister, the Principal Secretary and the NPP leaders have been working together for the past five years and they too understand the situation. “It's for this reason that we talk from time to time and that's why they said why don't you join us,” he said. party office bearers because we have to take into account their feelings.
Conrad also spoke on the need to strengthen and empower the Gram Sevaks in different Block.
Nongstoiñ, November, 14: “The duty of doctors, nurses and all health workers is the duty of God, where their duty is to serve the people, especially the sick. and those who really need assistance,” said Bah Macmillan Byrsat.
The Mukhla Dorbar Pyllun held a public meeting on Saturday and renewed its office bearers for a two-year term.
He said that as an area, the residents of Raid Madan Kyrdem have suffered a lot due to the excessive deterioration of the road in the past 20 years and through this allocation of funds from the Government. , will provide great convenience to the people and will also increase their income when these two roads are completed.
Many people have been killed, injured and vehicles have collided up and down and these are due to the lack of knowledge of the condition of the roads, the areas of Ri Khasi and the These taxi drivers who come from outside the State.
He also reminded that in trying to do any good work, obstacles and difficulties are ahead and even sleep deprivation is also a matter but in the midst of all these things they succeed and reach the goal. goal with the cooperation of all.
The Seng Khasi Laitkor will also celebrate its 50th anniversary next year after its foundation on 28th June
But only this one, that those who were not resurrected at the time of the rapture, will have to be resurrected after the 1000 years of the reign of Jesus Christ. First, they will appear after 1000 years.
Nongpoh: As part of the development of the Commerce and Science Stream, the Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Higher Secondary School Nongpoh has prepared to introduce the Commerce and Science Stream. the Arts Stream is not available.
According to the information received from the MTC office, the department earns up to T.644507 (seven lakh forty-four thousand five hundred tyngka) per month from 65 households including shops, offices and hotels in Khyndai Lad.
Has the NLCN seen this injustice? The NLCN is not the first to come out of the village.
One of the Senior Citizens of Mukhla Nongrim, Mei ïeid Miket Blah and former teacher for many years, also took part in the cleanliness drive. earlier.
According to the ejahar, the two suspects include Ohi Shylla and Kynmoo Phawa from Mihmyntdu while the other two suspects have not been identified.
Furthermore, the union requests the government to accept the Challans which they have already purchased before the 15th of this month, because if the government does not accept these Challans it will cause a huge loss to them as truck owners.
In her caption, Rhea wrote, “Happy birthday to my Buddha.
Death comes and will continue to come to that nation that accepts and calls on this sin.
The most exciting thing now is the beginning of the war between the BJP leader in Meghalaya and the NPP leader. it is not at all pure and true.
In this regard, Maitshaphrang Movement Leader Michael N Syiem, CSWO and other groups, today through the Campaign for Independent Lokayukta (CIL), demanded that the government should to issue a notice that all state government employees must declare their income and assets every year like the central government employees.
After meeting with u Bah PS Lyngdoh, he also requested the Social Welfare Department to provide food assistance as others with disabilities benefit from the same. The DC's office has also sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District and the DC's office has taken action on this issue. .
“Our focus is on the India-China border.
The Congress leaders said that Saleng Sangma has denied that he has been abducted or beaten by the Flying Squad and demanded that any video clips should be released on this, if there is a surveillance team.
Not only that.
The Women's Wing, led by S.Thongni President and PF Marngar Secretary, strongly criticized Bah Diostarness Jyndiang, MLA of Nongstoin Constituency, for not convening a public meeting which included together with the elders and women which he has promised since 28th June
The jubilee will be inaugurated on 19th January 2020 by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma in the presence of Local MLA and Minister Shri Kyrmen Shylla, other MLAs, MDCs, religious leaders and many people.
According to sources, the four men left Shillong in a Bolero for Tura.
Is Meghalaya a Hynniewtrep-Achik State owned by the Hynniewtrep and Achik people? It is not a Christian State as it has been deceived by Charles Marngar.
JU Kharpur, Additional Deputy Commissioner, Amlarem Civil Sub-Division, unveiled the Lama and received the National Salute along with the National Anthem led by Mang Hai Ryum SS, Amlarem.
Many youths have passed the examination even though they come from low income families.
For school fees, books, uniforms and others, they have been able to produce themselves if they count the daily wages they work at home or go to work for people.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Police in the state have not yet been able to investigate the case of Salah uddin Ahmed, the BNP leader from Bangladesh who has arrived in the state. .
The Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, was the chief guest at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong. The CEM, KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Syiem was the chief guest.
But the public has already made a choice.
Expressing his concern over the influx of foreigners into the state, which is a threat to the community which has affected the livelihood of the villagers, Bah Paul said that the land owners of the The states have faced the problem of the influx of foreigners and there is a risk that if not controlled, they will become low paid in their own areas.
On the other hand, there is also a shortage of jobs to be produced by factories.
Replying to these questions, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the boards of directors have included other senior officials, such as the IAS Commissioner, Director of Medical Institutions (MI). ), Director of Maternal and Child Health (MCH) and Family Welfare (FW) and Director of Research.
When Pharaoh and the Egyptians hardened their hearts with pride, God cursed through the environment.
Charlin Nongtdu scored the first goal for Wapung Combine SC in the 46th minute.
Khliehriat: The Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SEYA) has been led by Samla Slhembor Shadap, President and General Secretary of the Association. on 03rd November 2020, Huroi, has distributed food items to the poor families of one of the border villages, Huroi.
However, as of now, the Act has been drafted and all that remains is to select the sites for the casinos and to get the companies to run the games,” said the HYC. The Government has urged the Government that if it wants to increase its revenue collection so that it can carry out development works in the State, it should take other measures rather than making our State a space Empty.
Shillong, March 2 : After many allegations that the Congress Party is the party of the Nehru-Gandhi family, although the Congress family has led the Congress for decades, Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi and Priyanka Gandhi Vadra have decided not to support any of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) presidential elections. but they shall accept and approve anyone elected by the leaders and members of the Party to take over this post.
However, in the court battle, the state government has relented and decided to implement the central law.
Let the law do its part, that is enough.
"The law, after receiving the work, sent for the cow and commanded it, 'Go to the son of man and cook only ten shir or shir to fill ten khiew ranei.
He said that in order to avoid the loss of lives, the family has to prepare to pray.
The State Government on 5th July 2017, informed the Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, that according to the custom, for the purpose of conducting all the activities, the Chief Executive Members, can Ma Chawas Lyngdoh, Chairman, Dorbar of Daloi of Jaintia Hills, said in a statement.
In the second semi final between Mylliem Lum SC and Nongkseh SC, Mylliem Lum SC won 2-1 goals.
(Chief Ministers Political level talk).
This road is only 4 km long.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has encouraged the students to apply for the scholarships announced by the government online.
They cannot just force or mark themselves as they have done in the media.
Two oil tankers have caught fire in the Gulf of Oman today and the United States has claimed that the tankers were bombed. which destroyed both the ships.
Israel has since begun to reverse and crack down on the strongholds of the militants, who have ruled Gaza since
Expressing her disagreement with Sungoh's statement that the infrastructure related to health facilities is inadequate and very poor within the area, the Minister said, “We understand that there are concerns on this point.
“For this reason, we want to complete the new bridge as soon as possible because we have to repair the Bailey Bridge up to three times a day just to be able to use it,” he said.
To harden the leaf, the temperature of the house should be from about 85 degrees Fahrenheit to 100 degrees Fahrenheit, and it should remain at this temperature for about 30 to 40 hours.
Seven people were injured in the shooting and are being treated in various hospitals in Srinagar.
The relevant authorities have made every effort to provide the necessary facilities and improve them from time to time so that the education of the children will not be affected.
Speeches were also delivered by Kyrshanlang Nongbri, President of TULBA Mawkyrwat Unit, Secretary of TULBA Mawkyrwat Unit and thank you speech by the Secretary of TULBA Mawkyrwat Unit. Tiewlindaris Thongni.
The draft Indian Forest Act also aims to fulfill India's commitments through international commitments signed and ratified by India at the UN. to 123 pages.
This was found in the test, which was conducted again today.
This legislative process is not only between District Councils and States, but in all forms of government.
The breadth of state capacity is important for the state economy.
Besides, there is no doubt that even the children in government schools have sung this song while the songs composed by other parties have not been remembered.
Forest officials stopped the vehicle and arrested three persons including Serus Bhoi son of E Shylla, Francis Lamare son of KBiam and Arki Lamare son of KBiam.
Shillong, November 09: U MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Thursday handed over to five groups vehicles including ambulance vehicles and vehicles to be used to serve the people of North Shillong Constituency. residents of North Shillong and the state as a whole.
Because, the trucks have to load up to three times the same goods for the trucks going to Guwahati at the load point at Byndihati, 7 mer and 13 mer.
The reason why the FKJGP leaders have closed down the factory is that they were angry after receiving a complaint from the owners, who alleged that the factory of Rohit Kapoor, does not have been paying rent to the owners for many years.
The cleanliness drive was led by the Principal of the College, Kong Kyntiew Rina D Lyngwa to the students of the college who are members of the NSS.
P School (Namdong Block).
Ram Charan has been offered a role in a Hollywood film after he has attracted many audiences through his film, RRR. and her story is sufficient and pleasant to him.
The MRSSAB was passed by the Assembly last year and is currently pending with the Central Government.
Explaining about the theft, Bah Lin Nongbri, Post Master of Nongpoh Post Office, said that the robbers broke three heavy locks, which locked the gate of the Sumo. post office and after that they robbed the sumo.
Dr War said that compared to the past, the number of people coming for testing for Covid-19 has decreased since the payment of the fee for testing. on March 16, 2020.
However, nowadays, the phan is kept in houses which have been well cooled with thah.
Speaking to reporters after being elected as the new MLA of Nongstoin, Bah Wahlang said that he will maintain a close relationship with the people and will work hard for the betterment of the country. the whole of Nongstoin.
He said that the reason why the Tiwa youth support the BJP candidate from Mawhati is because they have the desire to preserve their culture and customs. Dr.Evarist Myrsing was one of the young men who had a vision and had the power to carry the responsibility as a leader to protect the customs and traditions not only of the Khasi and Garo people but also of the Khasi and Garo people. for all the minority ethnic groups in Meghalaya, he added.
When we talk about corruption, we often blame only the MLAs and MDCs and government officials, but when we look closely, corruption has now spread to all sectors from the government. village, household, organization, religious and others, which has greatly affected the human rights in the state and the region as a whole.
Dateibankynmaw Marweiñ came first in the 30 km race while Bandasharai Marweiñ came second in the 45 km race.
“We have come to meet the CEM to support the KHADC's plan to build a Police Outpost in Langpih so that the people of the area can have peace,” said Lambokstarwell Marngar.
The woman is an employee of the PWD department and is known as Wanpyntngen Pale.
During the meeting with the Deputy Commissioner in November last year, he promised to take action on this issue and agreed to take the time to write to the relevant departments to get the NOC from the National Highway and also in relation to the PWD office to obtain permission from them.
It is necessary to know how to count and count and it is easier for those who have education to go to banks to apply for loans.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya today paid tribute to the five MLAs of the state who passed away.
It is also prohibited to kill all fish and animals by using non-toxic pesticides.
New Delhi/Zurich: Deposits by Indian companies and individuals in Swiss Bank have increased rapidly in recent days.
On the night of the 15th of this month, Antonette Sohtun lodged a complaint with the Jhalupara Out Post Police Station alleging that NPP candidate Mahendro Rapsang and his followers had come to The police raided her residence in Lumphyrnai, Mawbah to search for her husband Bah Droshing Lyngdoh.
Shillong, June 14: The Union of Village Youth Organizations (UNGA) today met with the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. to implement the recruitment system within the District Council in accordance with the provisions of the Recruitment Policy.
The owner of the vehicle, Elias Dkhar, lodged a complaint with the Lumshnong Police Station this morning.
Deibor Suting from Thadmusem also sang a song.
They left to live in Sonidan and their uncle (lt) Lek Dorphang led them to live for a few years in Umalaiteng.
The state government has allocated T.22.3 crore for this purpose.
On the same day, Merrylyne Tongwah, the first National Referee from South West Khasi Hills District, was also awarded the award. and Bah Overland Snaitang who are Senior Referees and who have also been the leaders of all the referees in the district.
Shillong: Following the issuance of a directive by the District Council to ban the use of plastic in Iewduh, a public meeting was held at Iewduh today. Bah Paul Lyngdoh has announced the inheritance.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, on Tuesday said that the introduction of the Gaming Act by the Government should not regulate the vacancies that do not exist in the state, but should introduce them. Casino in the state.
:The KHNAM has met with the Chief Secretary on 27th November and sent a memorandum requesting the report of the Expert Committee on the the State Reservation Policy (SRP).
In 1982 he started an English school in Smit.
Iaithrang Nongbri emphasizes, “It can be recalled that after the defeat of the East India Company, the Khasi were left without a leader” (2016:33).
He said that government land or revenue land falls under the jurisdiction of the office of the Deputy Commissioner, and there will be rules that these land owners must follow if they want to use these land. The land and the agreement is that the tenants will have to pay T.115 tyngka per annum for 30 years.
Tharoor has strongly accused the Indian government of insulting the people and the Lok Sabha MP admitted that the Indian government has earned up to Rs 4.2 lakh crore. last year, only from the revenue on petrol and diesel.
The Chief Minister said that the Meghalaya government will be ready to pay the salaries of the state government employees online so that the payment of salaries can go smoothly.
This decision of the government may be part of the victory of the political parties in their struggle against the uranium mining project in the state which has been going on for decades.
According to information received from the Ri Bhoi Police, the ambulance, driven by Saley Ahmed (22), was carrying seven persons including a patient. She was taken to Gwahati for treatment, but when she reached the scene, she collided with a truck parked on the side of the road.
The country of Hynniewtrep is declining steadily as the days go by.
More than 1,000 people attended the ceremony in the presence of Bah Samlin Malngiang, NPP candidate from Sohiong, office bearers and elders.
That means 40 for the Khasi-Pnar, 40 for the Garo, 15 for the other backward minorities and 5 for those who do not have special allocation.
The tests on the quality of the drug will be conducted in June 2023, including the test report from the manufacturer and the National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories (NABL), in All the two reports confirm that these drugs meet the standard of quality as they should.
In this regard, the government will prepare well how to implement these buses, he said.
One of the more than 50 vendors who sold ktung at the Basa ktung, who told us more about it, was Kong Bon Jyrwa Nongsiej.
IP Sohphoh said that as he explained about the Ri Khaiñ Lyngdoh Sakwang, which is the land of Nongtymmen, the Nongrem clan from Sakwang, the sons of Jon and the Phri clan of Lyngkhei; Sakwang kpoh Brin and Bren (both kpoh) not from the kpoh of this Rangbah and his followers.
However, the KSU has made it clear to the people of this coke that they cannot steal them at all, and they will stand firm on their firm ground that they will not rest to demand if take years too.
Medals and certificates were awarded to the players of both the teams.
The Executive Member in charge of Land and Mineral Resources of the District Council, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, said that the GSI has sent a letter to the District Council to inform them of its survey works and various projects in this regard. state.
At the same time, the Manager said that the HNLC has announced to close down only government offices, and the bank is an office that provides services for the people and the needs of the people in this department. It is every day, where they need to send money for their children studying abroad and those who are treated abroad like in Vellore.
“He said that unemployment should not be an excuse to take up arms or drugs or any illegal activities.
There are 61 recoveries from the disease.
“If India doesn't want to discriminate against the Hindu minority in Bangladesh, why doesn't it appeal to the United Nations (UN) but it doesn't want to introduce CAB because it doesn't happen in India either,” he said. There is a persecution of the RSS which has no intention of converting Hindus.
The rope allows tourists to see the beauty of Shillong.
He said that the party is surprised to learn that these foreigners have completed their screening at the Screening Center at 13 Mer Byrnihat.
Warjri said he had lodged a complaint with the court on the 13th of this month and two months had been set aside to hear the case.
The union also demanded that more Khasi should be recruited who have been able to work in this area or in this field.
In addition, Ratan claimed to have two other assistants living in Assam.
There have been 55 new cases of COVID-19 in the state, one death, bringing the death toll to
They are between 13 and 14 years old.
“To obtain the approval and signature of the members of the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Kur Sengkmie before completing the Tang Jait”.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Lapang first of all thanked the Forest Department for taking the initiative to build the 'Khnap Thangbru' environmental protection, because the presence of such a crematorium, which is built in such a perfect manner, will also reduce the deforestation.
In Meghalaya, the total number of voters is 22,17,100, of which 13,96,054 voters are in the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, which includes 36 MLA constituencies. There are 8,21,046 voters in Tura Parliamentary Constituency which includes 24 MLA constituencies.
The meeting was held to urge the residents to be vigilant after Assam released the National Registration Citizen (NRC) list and more than 19 lakh people have been allowed to leave the country. remove from this List.
First, G20 countries should focus specifically on boosting financial supply to strengthen health systems, expand access to basic health services, and to look at social determinants of health such as poverty and gender disparities.
“We have heard reports around that the formalin injection did not start here, but in Assam it has also been banned,” said the DC. 42 fish, 30 fish were found to contain formalin and without delay in the test, the ban on import of fish was immediately imposed as it would be a threat to the consumers. .
When the month of June came, the Ministers of the MDA Government left for Delhi, but there was no invitation to the political parties, but we received a message from the Chief Minister that Amit Shah He said that he will stay in Shillong for two days to meet with all the leaders of the Sengbhalang to discuss the ILP. “For the trip that Amit Shah himself has made clear that he will come to Shillong, the CM has sent a reminder because he wants to meet in these days when we are together. The Chief Minister's Office has issued a reminder to him to communicate with us so that we can understand that we can communicate with our friends and political parties. There are many people who want to meet him, we on the part of the State Government are still waiting for that”.
He said that the greed and selfishness has reached the point where many forests have been destroyed and Meghalaya has already started to witness climate change.
Regarding the high demand for meat in the state, unfortunately, the state still has to rely on meat from other states of India which has reached 50 percent ( Supply) such as Haryana, Punjab, Bihar, Tamil Nadu, Telangana and Andhra Pradesh.
New Delhi, Naitung 10: Bengaluru FC midfielder Eugeneson Lyngdoh has been signed by Pune FC for Rs 1.5 crore. Eugeneson Lyngdoh has been priced from T.27 lakh to T.1 crore.
The book was launched by Rev P Hynniewta, one of the Senior Pastors of the KJP Western Synod.
It is inevitable that when he is in power, the allegations and criticisms will continue in all aspects especially the allegations of corruption in the coal mining and others.
John 4:39-42.
If accurate, I consider it a challenge and encouragement to Christian homes and churches to fight the battle of the flesh by the Power of the Spirit.
Although the country's badminton team has been postponed from qualifying for the knock-out round of the Sudirman Cup, the country's badminton team has completed its journey. They beat Australia 4-1 in the final match of the tournament in Group C. They were placed in the Group of Death. The national team lost 1-4 to Chinese Taipei and 0-5 to Malaysia; These are the two most important matches she has faced for her exit from the Mixed Team Championship.
“Have you found out that they have recovered the stolen money?” asked Dr Mukul. .
He praised and blessed the writer to continue to publish his writings through books so that it will be a blessing to the reader.
The Shillong MP said the state still needs more roads, airports and railways.
There are also those who have tried to follow the culture of others.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Rangbah Shnong of Umsawkhwan, said that these nine persons are from Bihar and have been living as residents in the village for the past years, but in these months Before the lockdown, they had left for Bihar, but they returned to Meghalaya without informing the Umsawkhwan village authorities.
It was here that Bah Deng announced that he was ready to take over Lano.
This action of these nurses on that night, if there is no mother who knows how to give birth, it is not known whether even this mother will end up in a tragic incident.
The failure to establish higher education institutions by the Trai Muluks during the turbulent times from the decades before the invasion of the British (who occupied some areas to Sylhet (1765) to 1891) It also refers to the development of the country which we cannot predict.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Hamlet said that this action of the Minister of State has angered the people of the state especially, when he promised in front of the Chief Minister that he would come now. Amit Shah has not given any news today, which is the last day of October.
Two youths involved in the incident have also been arrested, police sources said.
While sitting on the ground floor of the homestay, we were given a meal of shriew saw-byrtem, phan dieng and ngap bakynsai, which is not usually available in the city.
The meeting between the Prime Minister and the President lasted for about half an hour.
KP Pangniang, president of the party, said that although there are laws to prevent the influx of foreigners into the state, the party has sent a letter to the party. The Prime Minister to make it clear that as a party, we are against the CAB which the Central Government intends to implement.
Boot Level Officers (BLOs) have also been appointed to receive and collect the 12D forms of those who have been infected with covid-1
On the allegation that he appoints only his relatives, Sanbor said, “Since 1985 when I was a volunteer, I am not a politician, I have served the people, I have helped thousands. I don't have a record anymore, we have stood with them in many offices now they have done their own jobs, those who have not been able to get government jobs we have tried to fight with our own job schemes, these I don't have the authority to appoint but it's the office I have the right to request.
Furthermore, it was learned that the clash between the people from Assam and Meghalaya in the border village has been resolved by a meeting of the police from Assam and Ri Bhoi, who have spoken to They also decided to send a report to the Deputy Commissioners to discuss the issue especially the The JJM scheme has been implemented under the JJM scheme, according to a source.
The announcement by Mizoram came six days after the government officials of the two states met to discuss the dispute between Mizoram and Assam.
The meeting was also attended by the Minister of Urban Affairs, RV Lyngdoh, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Roshan Warjri, the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Hadrian Lyngdoh, EM of the District Council. Addl. Chief Secretary Y. Chering, and other officers from various government departments.
Furthermore, the money will be deposited into the accounts of under graduate and post graduate students, by the end of July 2021, so that they can purchase books.
She said that if there are such incidents, we should come forward to lodge a complaint and not just listen and hide because the lack of come forward makes the perpetrators more encouraged. She also demanded that the government should take action to punish those involved.
Therefore, in the presence of the people who came to witness this meeting, they decided to select people from each village to inspect the land of those who want to sell and at the same time the On the other hand, the Syiem urged those who wish to sell their land to clean up the boundary of their land, to avoid noise and disruption of peace and order.
On the other hand, the union said that if the law enforcement agencies do not do anything, the union will not be afraid and will go ahead and take another path, which the police department will take responsibility.
Joshua Sajem Vice President: Rymphang Nongtdu Vice President: C Tlang Joint Secretary: Takmon L Gympad and Deibormi Syad Treasurer: Chawas Nongtdu (Adviser) to the Association.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 55 cases including 2 from the Armed Forces, 40 high risk contacts, 2 ILI cases, 10 returnees and one health worker.
In the second phase, for each category, 12 best recommendations were selected by a panel of judges from the National Institute of Urban Affairs (NIUA).
“The state has said that five weigh-pads have been proposed to be delivered and it is hoped that these weigh-pads will be installed and used within two months from this date,” she added.
At the same time, prizes were awarded to the winners of the sword shooting in various categories organized by KNIKMS. 161 of the Seiñ Raij Jowai with various programmes.
In fact, at this time when the village funds are more scarce, the plastic bags should be sent to the village volunteers or appointed cleaners by paying an hourly fee to clean them only. One hour ei ei shi step, one from the east, one from the west, northwest and so on of the village. .
Thus, after conquering them, Sargon II forced and dominated them with only one language and that was the language of the Assyrian Empire, the language of the rulers and conquerors.
In this regard, the CSWO has alleged that it is a shame for the Umroi MLA, that before the MLA election, he promised to the people through his holy words to help them. to bring about economic development and income of the people especially the poor and needy.
The Commissioner & Secretary to the Mizoram Home Department, H Lalengamawia, said that he will accompany Royte along with other state government officials to meet with the Central Government officials. .
They are the ‘wild ones.
The tournament was inaugurated by two Advisors of the Union, Babu Spiton Kharakor and Mira Dkhar, General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Bah Hainess Marbaniang, President of the Seng Khih. Bah H. Robin Kurbah and others.
The area together with former Mawshynrut MLA Gigur Myrthong, have lodged a complaint with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma against the contractor and the construction has been suspended.
:Two persons have lost their lives after being electrocuted by a wire on the 11th of November at Kpepsyiem, Ri Bhoi.
KHNAM is also surprised at the issuance of passes to 41 people who went to Khanapara, while only three people were given passes.
The foreigners become unemployed because they demand too much wage while the villagers demand too much wage and the contractors or contractors cheat those who demand too much.
In the Art stream, the college has sent three students and all three of them have passed the examination. Emunsing L Mawnai and Awarika Marnger passed the examination in the second grade. Emunsing L Mawnai and Awarika Marnger passed in the third grade.
Similarly, the Khasi Hima became independent from the rule of the Foreign King and from the social agreement with the British Government they lost their power.
Before the election, the HITO had come out to support the VPP and now when the ship turned around, the Sur U Paidbah led by Bah Erwin Syiem Sutnga and the HYC came out. to be released after the Method of Government was established in Shatbian.
Hong Kong's decision comes at a time when the government wants to attract tourists to Hong Kong as it was in the past. has gone, in order to revive the entire economy through tourism which is also the backbone of the economy.
There are things that we remember throughout our lives while there are things that enter and leave our minds.
The awards were presented by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Sports Minister Banteidor Lyngdoh, Chief Secretary Donald P Wahlang and other senior officials who were present on the occasion.
Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma was the chief guest, Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs was the Symbud Chief Guest. , IAS, Director Sports and Youth Affairs, Paia War Nongbri Assistant Director Sports and youth affairs, Bah Finely Pariat General Secretary Meghalaya State Olympics Association.
On the other hand, the journalist said, “I don't know why you did this when we just wanted to ask you questions”.
He explained this on the seizure of 18 coal trucks by one organization and alleged the mismanagement of the Mawryngkneng Police Station during the lodging of the complaint.
The Umkiang Dorbar Shnong in a statement through the Waheh Shnong, Ma Lasting Pala said that the government's lack of action to direct the NHAI/NHIDCL to improve the NH6 road has caused the residents to get sick. especially children during these months.
Raju said the police department would not challenge the government’s decision.
The price of such goods often varies – the newer one is cheaper and the older one is cheaper. It is up to the buyers to choose the cheaper one. but it is more expensive than the one that has been sold and more expensive (jhur sla im ).
“First of all, Conrad Sangma praised CUET for giving the right to those who deserve to enter, not like before.
The Nodal Department of Aadhar in the State Government is the General Administration Department which has started the implementation through the Support Team and has already distributed the funds for the 50 Days Aadhar Saturation Campaign. .
Conrad was elected at a public meeting held at Mahendraganj in the constituency led by Dr. Mukul Sangma's wife Dikanchi D Shira and at a public meeting held at Zikzak.
It was also explained that the Gorkhas, who were Indians, at the time of the implementation of the Constitution of India, or those who were born in this country, or those who accepted themselves as Indians, They are not faithful to fall into the hands of the authorities.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) has been established in Shillong.
He said the party will take a decision on this at its meeting on the 21st of this month in the presence of officials from Delhi to be held in Tura.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: Following the killing of three policemen by GNLA militants in Bangjakona near Kapasipara today, CID Chief SK Jain on Tuesday said that the police should not be killed by the GNLA. be brave to fight against the wicked.
“It is necessary for the people of the state and Garo Hills to bring peace and order,” he said.
Santa will also be released soon,” said the mother and took water from the bowl to stir up the words that had been eaten quickly.
Shillong: The Assam government's attitude towards teachers has affected the teachers in Meghalaya, who have been treated badly by the government from the payment of salaries, lack of pension and others.
Shillong MP Vincent H Pala on Tuesday said that the Congress has held talks with the Trinamool Congress (TMC) Leader and former Chief Minister. Mukul Sangma has said that he wants to join the BJP after the Lok Sabha elections.
When asked whether the party will take up peace talks between the two or do anything against Verma, Afsal said that Verma is a government minister and we don't know anything else. how shall the judgment of the congregation be given unto him?
Shillong: U Governor of Meghalaya Phagu Chauhan on Tuesday called on the National People's Party (NPP), which has the majority in the House with 26 seats, to form a new government in the state.
Now you can see the signs.
Other speakers on the occasion were Bah D. Marbaniang, Additional Chief Engineer, PHE Zone-III, Shillong, Bah S. Kharjahrin, Minister, Sakwang Village, and Bah P. Wanniang, Minister, Sohkhyllam Village.
Bakstar Mynsong, Sub Inspector (HG) and Ram Charles Lamare, Havildar (HG) received the Home Guards & Civil Defense Medals for Meritorious Service.
Earlier, under the banner of JACATAM, the teachers had demanded that the Board should hand over to the school authorities to set the questions of Class IX after the MBOSE's decision to set the questions. The questions themselves have caused a lot of trouble until many questions have been stolen from all the schools.
“For almost a year now, these companies have refused to pay the fare according to the government price and this refusal of these companies has caused losses to the truck owners and transporters who transport the goods of said the President of AJCCTA, Balen Thubru.
The meeting was attended by leaders and members of HANM, HITO, East Jaintia Hills Local Taxi Drivers Association.
The JAC has strongly criticized the KHADC for not protecting the land but for transferring the land to Assam which has opened the way for it to cross the border of the Nongwah-Mawtamur Hima. They went to the KHADC to storm the gate of the council with protest signs and flags today after the expiry of the deadline.
Shillong: There have been 150 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 167 recoveries.
“That Gratia doesn't go to school anymore, Dad, I can see that she goes every day,” Sandra told Regan.
On the 10th of July, an article entitled, “Father Khyllah Sngi Who Wants to Leave” appeared in your newsletter by Bah Francis Syiemlieh regarding the article of I was in a French newspaper.
Mawkriah and Kharang are the teams that have not scored a single point this season.
The spokesman said that the TTP engineers have been able to develop many modern weapons. “We are still training our troops to gain strength by using with modern technology, from snipers, grenades and others,” he said.
“We have decided that the government should repeal the Meghalaya Local Administration Ordinance, 2015,” said Dr. Kharshiing.
Other schools that came were just visitors to watch the sit.
At the same time, the court allowed the plaintiff to seek further evidence if the state government still needs to believe that it has failed to stop the illegal mining and transportation of coal or to manage the state. according to the rules of law.
On the other hand, the Assam government has also decided not to send an inquiry to the CBI although it has agreed to appoint a Judicial Inquiry.
On the other hand, the vendors urged the Deputy Commissioner to provide temporary space for them under the Jaiaw parking lot until they get a better space.
If the Government can raise those hundreds or thousands of crores of rupees, no doubt the Government will be able to build hospitals, educational institutions such as schools, colleges and universities. it can also provide free health care and education to all citizens.
If the police or the public shoot in the air, they think that the bullets will not fall to the ground. If the bullet falls again and falls on the heads of the people, who will be responsible?
We, like the gentle doves, have been deceived by you in all corners.
If it is possible for the jhur, meat or clothing markets to be located in their respective places, it will undoubtedly help the traffic jam and will also solve the problems faced by the people. From time to time, we have been contacted regarding this traffic jam in Shillong.
In a statement, Diralson Dkhar, President of MCDS, said that Pynshngaiñ has not completed his five-year term, but has resigned from the post of MLA for only four years and nine months. The people of Mawsynram constituency have been affected.
He said that the split in the Congress party is not only in Meghalaya, but also in Delhi where even the full leader of the AICC has not been elected.
FKJGP Organizing Secretary Damian S War said that after the government announced the lockdown across the country so that the citizens can stay at home to fight against the spread of COVID-1 The villages in Jaintia Hills have worked with the government, but the problem is that there is a shortage of food items and the poor shops don't have enough food items to sell to the people.
Worldwide, 4.64 million people have been infected and 312,029 have died, according to Johns Hopkins University.
Most of those infected are young children, whether male or female, and the fastest growing area is Jaintia Hills, where most of the people who have been sent Suman is the owner of the area.
He said that the village authorities have seen that every day there are strangers in the village whom the village does not know and does not even recognize their place of residence. In Jhalupara, when you look at the walking and standing of the people on the road, you can see that they are Muslims.
Another way to fight against this disease is not to hide ourselves if we have this disease in our body.
On the same day, there will be a Shad Kynthei and a Shad Shynrang, from 1 pm to 3 pm and only 40 dancers and duhalia will be allowed to sit in their own seats near the dance floor. .
The Bible is easy to know and understand.
The Government of India has extended the ceasefire with the National Socialist Council of Nagaland (Khole-Kitovi) for 10 years from the completion of the agreement.
Jowai, Naiwieng 09 : The office of the Deputy Commissioner (Election), West Jaintia Hills in collaboration with the Jaintia Hills Adventures and Cycling Association, this morning held a 'Cycle Rally' on the theme 'Pedal' for Participatory Elections' which was launched at Lad College Kiang Nangbah Govt College, Jowai.
Speaking to reporters, the Assistant Secretary of the HNYF Northern Region, Bah Donroy Kshiar, said that the HNYF on the other hand expresses its satisfaction with the recent meeting with the Chief Minister. As promised on 24th October 2022, the Prime Minister has announced that the government will soon launch the tender for the cleaning of the Mawhati road.
Shillong: The elders of the Syiemiong Kur today came to express their strong condemnation to Kyntiewborlang Syiemlieh, on the claim that the Syiemlieh Kur is also a tribe that can become Syiem, but from the On the other hand, the Syiemiong Kur, said that from the documents, the tradition says that the Syiemlieh Kur is not a tribe that can become Syiem as admitted by Kyntiewborlang Syiemlieh, said Bah Elingser Syiemiong President of the Syiemlieh Kur. where the King.
In addition to those languages ​​that already exist from all over the villages, there are also languages ​​that can be created by combining two or three words to create one language that is meaningful, clean and short. katlah katïai in order to improve the quality of writing.
After careful compliance with 48 criteria including 216 objectives, the Supercare Hospital was awarded the Nursing Excellence Certification on 13 July 2023 which will be valid until 12 July
Three ice cream products made by the company have tested positive for the virus. 1,600 employees of the company are currently in quarantine and 700 Two of them have not tested positive for the disease, while the testing of others is ongoing.
Sudip Karmakar was rushed to Woodland Hospital but died before being taken to the hospital.
It was witnessed at this Synod Service that despite the heavy rain and wind, the faithful with a strong spirit flocked to this Synod Service to receive the Word of God through His servants.
As a result, these two teams will be included in the list of 17 teams that have easily qualified.
He was arrested by Bangladesh police on November 15, 2012 for crossing the border and spent about 10 months in jail.
Because of the hard work of all those present in that room at the meeting that day, who have worked hard to bring about a strong relationship between India and the United States from the past years until this time.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Khasi Students' Union (KHNAM) has supported the resignation of the Working President of the party, Bah Adelbert Nongrum from tomorrow to force the government to pass the Village Administration Bill.
On the 11th of July, the residents of Madan ïng Syiem protested against the burning of the late President of the Sengbah Ki Nongshat Nongkheiñ. Bah Kulam Nongrum and at that time it was seen that the police were deployed in Mylliem to curb the incident to prevent any disturbance.
“The VHCs currently serving the sub centers we have recently upgraded in Meghalaya will play an important role in integrating into the health department in its operations to serve the the citizens of the state as a whole," said the Minister.
Donald Trump's supporters are now using guns and sticks to protest against Trump's defeat.
““I would like to request you to look into it and do whatever is necessary to meet the needs of the students as well as the teachers.
Pijush Patangia scored 60 runs (3×4 and 7×6).
Savitribai Phule of Pune University, Mahek Pathan, Vaishnave Evishwambar Ubale, Hrutuja Vinay Gate and Divya Sampat Gavhane won silver medals.
However, the polling for Sohiong was postponed after the death of former Defense Minister HDR Lyngdoh, who is also the United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate.
The question is who took the initiative to resolve this issue related to the MUDA's application to the Sixth Schedule boundary or not in 2018 when Bah Hamlet Dohling was in charge of the Urban Department. Affairs that he has brought this issue to the Cabinet and it can be resolved.
According to the complaint, the head of the factory said that on the 5th at 10:30 pm, the Security Supervisor of the company had stolen four HyVa damper trucks without entering the numbers on the computer and on the At 11 pm, when they were about to leave the company through gate No 1, they were arrested along with the coal in all four trucks which they had stolen from the coal depot of the company.
As believers in God and as true Christians we should rejoice that the Word of God has been fulfilled in these days not to be afraid or surprised but to be confident that what we believe is and will not happen. they didn't just talk.
There is no such thing and the village runs smoothly under this Syiem,” said Bah Rosiland and admitted that all the five Lyngdohs support the Syiem.
Shillong, Jymmang 07 : The State Government is ready to spend more than Rs 2,500 crore for the construction of the New Shillong Township at Mawdiangdiang.
They alleged that there is something wrong with the appointment of Nongkhlaw Minister in the Mylliem Hima.
We already know about the Pune pack 1933.
If this clause is introduced, it will avoid the conflict between the laws enacted by the Government and the Customary Laws of the indigenous people.
Police have registered a case at Nongpoh PS and the investigation is ongoing to track down the suspects.
Shillong: After the state government has increased the price of petrol and diesel, it is now the turn of the consumers to demand an increase in the price of alcohol.
Therefore, regarding this dispute between the people of Pynthor Sohma and Umsarang, there is an urgent need for the relevant authorities, whether it is the Hima Mylliem, Khyriem, District Council and also the District Authorities of the country. Bhoi, that they should take action to stop or resolve these problems, in order to avoid tragic incidents in the future.
The ability to smile regularly benefits and improves the health of the body and what those benefits are you will see below.
The Seng sends its condolences to all the paradoh para-snam who were injured on that day.
“We have decided to strengthen the ILP,” said Khyriem.
" I answered him, “No, it is not.
Speaking to reporters, the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Sylvester Nongtnger, said he could not disclose the names of those involved in the incident.
It may be recalled that although the talks are ongoing, the NPP leaders from the National President and Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma to the National Vice President and Deputy Prime Minister Prestone Tynsong have already announced from the platforms. Two PDF MLAs Banteidor Lyngdoh, Gavin Miguel Mylliem and party leaders will join the NPP on the 6th of this month. Saturday to come.
“Our (Garo) brothers and sisters should not misunderstand as someone is trying to mislead you because the VPP does not want to take your rights but we want the best for the state to be the way forward,” he said. “But I would like to clarify that those who claim that the VPP's demand to change the job allocation policy will lead the court to challenge this issue,” he said. 50% of the roster will be removed by the court, I want to say that this is a misleading statement. 'I don't take your car,' said Mr. Ardent.
Hamlet said that Upper Shillong and Lawsohtun have faced difficulties due to the MUDA Act but he said that after the people have elected him, he will ensure that as he has promised to the people. he will do what needs to be done.
“At first we were worried that we would not be able to pay the salaries of the employees next month but with the hard work of the new EC, the employees of the Council are no longer worried about the salaries,” he said. state.
The Titan Otters and the Unified Gorkha Gators will play.
He said that many people criticized the Congress before the elections but afterwards they could not stand without the Congress and this has already happened in Meghalaya.
Earlier, nine Executive Members of the GHADC resigned in protest against Benedic, alleging that he has close ties with the GHADC. leader of the Trinamool Congress.
The case was heard by the Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday.
“Places of worship should not hold indoor singing or shouting and should allow only 25 percent of the household size or 100 believers or less,” he said. said the rule.
Sanaa: More than 80 people have been killed in the famine in Yemen, a country currently in conflict, according to a report from the UN Security Council. A hat.
He said that there are many measures to be taken to resolve the border issue, as in the past there have been many discussions between the Prime Ministers, the Chief Secretary level, the Deputy Commissioner level and the government should now follow up on this.
“The church has been closed in accordance with an order issued by the Punjab and Haryana High Court, which prohibits any new construction within 300 meters of the air base. , you are at this distance,” said Yashpal Yadav, MCG Commissioner.
He said that this issue is very difficult and sensitive, so it is necessary to discuss and resolve this issue without setting fire, as expressed by one of the Minister Government.
When those who live there, shall we trust such people? Do you still trust this Government? Will we turn back as it happened in 2013 when we demanded the ILP,” said Bah Donbok.
Shillong: A statue erected on the dome of the Legislative Assembly of the State of Meghalaya, has collapsed at 1:30 am on Tuesday morning, according to witnesses. at the time of your death.
Last month, Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman rejected BJP President JP Nadda's proposal to contest the Lok Sabha elections from Andhra Pradesh or Tamil Nadu. I don't have the money to contest the election.
On Monday evening, the Israel Defense Force (IDF) reportedly warned of a threat to parts of the city of Eilat, which was attacked in June by Houthi militants from the southern part of the country. Yemen, and who are also militants who support the Palestinian Hamas militant group.
Speaking at a public meeting in Nongstoiñ, Bah Ardent said that the VPP's demand to revise the reservation policy is not to discriminate against anyone or to deprive anyone of their rights. but that appointment shall not be unfair.
Therefore, the SSA teachers in the State have had to come out in order to demand their rights.
At that time, the mother of the child, Dhiraj Parmar, had reconciled the incident; However, in the evening, seven men, carrying heavy weapons, came out and bombed and shot Dhiraj and his brother, Kirti and one of the robbers. Kirti's hands.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Culture and Heritage, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, today launched the Miss Universe Meghalaya award at a function held at Vivanta Hotel in the presence of Fredrick R Kharkongor, Commissioner & Secretary of the Ministry of Culture and Heritage. shapes.
Shillong: The State Government today issued a directive to open schools to provide assistance to students with learning difficulties only for Class IX to class XII, there are teachers who have started teaching but there are also schools, which have not yet allowed the students to come to school.
“We are living in the age of Information and Technology and many of our needs have been met from home but now this network outage has made us feel like we are living in the 20th century. The network from Jio and Airtel has caused us a lot of trouble.
The MIPF has demanded that the order to allow the import of coal from abroad be suspended until the fight against COVID-19 can be stopped and ended.
Others present were Anita Kharpor, Director Employment and Craftsmen Training, Shillong, YR Mawlong, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, D. Mawlein, Deputy Superintendent of Police, South West Khasi Hills District. Hills District, Sakwang Village Minister, Bah S.Kharjahrin, officers from PWD (Building), and others.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Rakkam A.Sangma said, “The missionaries of the Christian Churches and the missionaries from America have laid the foundation to serve us and teach us as we are now and not to change. religion but to work among us by sowing the seeds of knowledge in order to connect us as one people with other regions around the world.
“We have a union of Rangbah Shnongs of Upper Shillong and we have already met with the Syiem of Mylliem on this issue how to create the mechanisms to prevent this,” said Bah Ronnie.
The headache and the headache destroy the tor.
I can't help but take the opportunity to write a little about this great man whom God sent from Wales to come here to RI KHASI JAIÑTIA as a star that shines in the midst of the DARKNESS that is beginning to cover the land of KHASI. JAIÑTIA BAIEID JONG NGI.Bluit God has sent THOMAS JONES I to come to Ri Khasi to give recognition to the Jaitbynriew which God has loved so much by being the Giver of the ABKD letters of the ALPHABET. In fact, we should not read in BENGALI characters as many historians have said.
Shillong, June 01: The Meghalaya Asha Workers Union (MAWU) on Saturday demanded that the MDA-II government should increase the salary of T.9,000 per month to help the workers. to provide for the household according to the times.
In addition, it also conducted consultations with these people with disabilities and posted success stories told by the beneficiaries.
As a result, there have been many disputes over land or forest ownership and many disputes in the courts.
This Shnong – I – will – bring – chess – for the readers to watch.
There were 32 teams from different parts of the tournament and many prominent teams from Assam.
On the construction of roads, the Dorbar Shnongs also have a role to play.
It is to be recalled that Bah HM Shangpliang held many government departments as an IAS before contesting the MLA election in 2018 and won from Mawsynram constituency.
At this meeting, he said that he will direct the SMB and the Urban Development Department to take a sample from this toilet to bring about changes in the public toilets in Shillong to bring about cleanliness. suspect.
Shadap Manner said that the office does not mean to plant trees today 7.9.2023, but the office will continue to take care of them together with the land owners until these trees are planted. heh is good.
However, I as a Khasi condemn this statement of this person”.
The old father of the family who has received the longrynieng is considered a dewthala.
He said that it is still unknown what caused the house to burst into flames.
There is one dead person who has been injected.
“The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, who is in charge of mining, should answer the people on the government's failure to formulate a mining plan,” Chakraborty said.
The inspection was attended by the officer from Delhi, the engineers of PMGSY, Shillong including Bah P Hynniewta, Bah K.Pyrbot and Bah K. Pariat, officers from the National Highway Byepass Division, SDO J. Nongsiej, Junior Engineer KJyrwa, Superintendent Engineer Eastern Circle S. Kyndiah and others.
In the 90 kg category, Saikupar Marpna (Seng Khasi College) won by defeating Yuvraj Singh (Umshyrpi College).
The court also ordered the Ministry of Home Affairs and the Director General of Police to take immediate action on this order.
He said that the party sends a clear statement that the Central Government or the State Government should not blame the youth if they take to the streets or squares to protest for the implementation of the issues. for the benefit of the people and the state as a whole.
The Minister said the government had earlier repealed the Meghalaya Street Vending Act through an Ordinance and later it was ratified and approved by the Legislative Assembly.
“But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name” John 1:1
The central theme is “The Future is Here, Act Now”.
Regarding the Public Health Engineering (PHE), the committee has directed the committee to immediately stop the discharge of sewage from the Treatment Plant of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GSWSS) to the Mawphlang Dam.
The meeting also discussed the problems faced by the state due to the shortage of electricity and fire fighting, which has affected the entire state.
To the east, the Umshyrpi River flows, and to the east, there was a Mawblei who was lying on the ground, who was called Mawblei.
Sacheti was accompanied by officials of the Sports Department, the State Sports Council and members of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association.
[iv] CONSUMPTION OF CAFFEINE AT NIGHT:— Caffeinated beverages include tea, coffee, soda and other soft drinks.
A few days ago, former Uttarakhand Chief Minister Trivendra Singh Rawat said, “From a philosophical point of view, the corona virus is a living being and therefore has a “He has the right to live with us, but if we accept that we are wise, we should kill him,” said Rawat.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, told the Legislative Assembly that about 60 out of 100 or 60% of the children who attend school in Shillong use private vehicles, and only 15 schools have come forward to express their concerns. being ready to be used by the bosses.
On the other hand, Bah Sadon said that the peace talks are not a matter that can be taken hastily.
Many farmers living in the rural areas, even the offices in charge of agriculture like the Agriculture and Horticulture Department do not know where they are.
In addition, you will be charged a fee when you pay.
All those who have fallen victim to corruption have been re-elected and we have the same government that we all criticized before the elections.
Samborlang Sohtun scored two goals for Nongrim Hills in the 78th and 80th minutes.
The time of prayer is 6 pm.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 17 cases of COVID-19, of which 4 are currently in hospital.
The temperature exceeded 50 degrees Celsius (122 Fahrenheit) in some parts of the country.
The second main function of the stem is to absorb water and nutrients from the soil for the plant.
At the same time, he explained the purpose of the project known as “Focus” to monitor which products the farmers produce well and to help improve them. mar T.5000/- per farmer through groups for the purchase of seeds and to improve the farming and if they work better they will get more and through their hard work they will be able to set up a farmers' company and if they have a Farmers Producer Organization they can market their own products.
Experts were invited to the programme, who gave speeches and distributed symbols of thought and knowledge to the children and youth.
JOWAI: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has had to wait for the newly elected MDCs of JHADC for being late in coming to the House.
Nagalanders also manage rivers such as Dula, Duthet, Shiung and Okyang by the Village Councils of Yaongyimchen, Alayong and Sanglu.
The Dorbar Shnong Ialong has expressed its gratitude to the district administration from the DC, SP, OC Phramer, SDRF, Bah B. Warjri, District Home Guard Commandant, West Jaintia Hills, The group of Chibor Wahlang who worked hard to help these farmers to stay on the other side of the Myntdu River to transport them by boat.
Shillong, Nailar 09: The Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) on Tuesday received information that there are some people who are working under the 100 days MNR EGS scheme at Pynter village under Pynursla Block Development Office, East Khasi Hills. District, they have not received their bills even though they have gone to work and have already signed on the muster roll.
The President of the District Congress Committee (DCC), Bah KK Nongsiej, on Tuesday said that he has resigned from the post of party office bearer for personal reasons.
I don't think I've ever been infected with an asymptomatic person.
In addition, it is necessary to discuss clearly the allocation of schools for the youth in various fields as recently we have seen some problems.
There are 16 teams from all over the State and the LSC has been able to organize these teams inside the office. LSC President KP Marngar and GJL Sangriang Chairman of the Tournament Committee.
The handover of the documents should be completed this month, and if the District Judge, Ri-Bhoi, has received the documents, it will be up to him to allow all those present. to check the documents and to provide them with those documents if necessary.
He said he had sold his daughter for 200,000 Afghanistan (£1,600), but said it would only last for a short time and he would have to find another job or earn money. by another route.
Speaking briefly on the occasion, Kong Ampareen expressed her satisfaction and commitment to the Government to support the farmers and hoped to strengthen the development of agriculture and strengthen the trade agreement with other countries.
It has distanced us from understanding others.
Shillong, Naitung 8 : Four suspended Congress MLAs will decide whom to support in the 50th Anniversary of MCTA and 50th Anniversary of UCC. NDA candidate Draupadi Murmu has came to seek support from MLAs and MPs at Orchid Lake Resort, Umiam on the 6th of this month. this state.
“Boss,” a Brahman cow, was born in the United States, but was raised in Bangladesh, and was sold at a very high price. The owner of the cow was identified as Mohammad Imran Hossain.
The JSM was supported by the residents of Khanduli including the village leaders and women's organizations of the village who came to sit together at the JHADC grounds. On the other hand, the Assistant Waheh Shnong Speaking to reporters, Khanduli K.Bina said that they came today after receiving information that one of the JSM members has come forward since the 10th to inform the authorities. District from JHADC and the office of the Deputy Commissioner of WJHD regarding this issue of the people on the border.
It is also prohibited for large paid religions, large paid churches to establish religions and purchase land at will.
Shillong, July 27: The price of freight trucks has happened twice only in the surrounding areas at Umtyrnga and at the 7mer bridge. .500 to T.1,500 per truck, even though the price they should charge is only T.200 per truck.
Informing about this, the Chief Minister said that the MCCL itself is currently facing a huge shortage of funds, especially in the past 6 to 8 months, due to the lack of funds. The MCCL has lost its profits and needs to improve it and it needs up to Rs 190 crore and it needs to enter into a joint venture with the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited.
It may be recalled that out of all the MDCs of these three parties within the ARPA, only four of them have not received their share including one MDC of the HSPDP except Teilinia Chairperson and u Shillong, October 10: U Purno A Sangma, President of the National People's Party (NPP) and former Speaker of the Lok Sabha, has been appointed as the Deputy Chairman of the KHNAM and two UDP MDCs. He has decided to contest the Lok Sabha elections once again, even after he has retired from the elections.
Police on receiving a tip on the incident, rushed to the scene to remove the traffic jam and to pull away the trucks.
She said the opening of the temple should be held until the Ram Navmi, the birthday of Lord Ram.
He said he could not comment on the matter as the investigation was ongoing.
A few years ago, Mrs. Silvereen Swer wrote an article entitled “Memories From The Umkhrah”.
After the inspection, Bah Hek said that he visited the Fish Dale Farm to see the needs of the farm especially to implement the construction of the Aquatic Knowledge and Incubation Center. It will also be a place of research for readers and will also attract visitors.
Indeed, it is inevitable whether you are in any village or any country.
After a while, members of FKJGP Malki circle went to search the documents of foreign shops in the Keating Road area. members of the union to stop the forced closure of shops.
In an interview with Kong T.Nongbri, she alleged that the Mawkhli Village Authority under the leadership of Sordar Blesstar Wahspeh has evicted her house along with her four children and her husband on March 24,
On the same day, the MPSO leaders and members found that there were about 7 electricity posts, which were illegally installed by Assam inside the village. The fact that these seven electricity posts were illegally installed by Assam in the village, which is still under Meghalaya, has shocked them all.
Shillong: Six candidates have been confirmed to contest the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong on 11th June
Therefore, the most important thing is to work together on this issue by putting the party behind and putting the nation first so that the border people can be resolved and the border people can escape from the big problems that they have faced. from time to time.
Shillong: The results of the Garo District Council elections have been released today, but before the results, there were some speeches by the NPP leaders. be.
Nongthymmai SC remained on three points and lost the chance to qualify for the semifinals.
On the occasion, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, President of RBYF, Sengkmie, Bah Anthony Kharkongngor, Rangbah Shnong of Iewmawlong, Bah Anthony Kharkongngor, Rangbah Shnong of Iewmawlong, Bah Wanpher S. Wahlang, Publicity Secretary, SSS Iewmawlong and others.
Shillong Lajong FC opened the scoring before the end of the first half through Everbrightson (43), who shot straight into the net but the Bengaluru goalkeeper could not do anything.
Five persons came to the village to demand money from the villagers, where the villagers fought against them and beat them up. When they beat them up, the villagers arrested only 2 persons while 3 five others fled.
Manners are like a precious garment that cannot be sold or bought.
The Forum appeals to all the residents of urban and rural areas, school children, civil society organizations, government and bank employees, market dwellers, buses and all commercial vehicles, to continue to allow day, by joining hands together to conduct a smooth and successful curfew, due to the ban on coal mining.
However, for many, the clear news is that these children are now in the loving and spiritual arms of God.
The Chief Minister of the new Meghalaya Government, which includes 26 NPP members, 11 UDP members, 2 BJP members, 2 PDF members, 2 HSPDP members and 2 Independents Speaking after the election of the Lamphang, he said that the House is fortunate to have Thomas A. Sangma as the Lamphang, as he already has the knowledge in the management of the He was previously a member of the Rajya Sabha.
Well this is the story – once upon a time there was a good man who knew man and knew God who always prayed.
In the true worship of God, if there is nothing wrong with it, that worship is no longer true.
“The agreement is to ensure that the Congress should not come to power, which has impoverished the state,” he said.
“We ask why they cannot market the coal challans of CIL, which have been received for 4 months and at the same time it is surprising why in South West Khasi Hills, Borsora “For months they can trade coal from the same coal challan of CIL, while in Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hill they are silent,” he said.
They said that this is a disregard for what was said between the CMs of Meghalaya and Assam on 16th November 2021 at Langpih.
One of the famous historians of Assam, Dr.SK Bhuyan, said; The Mikirs, now known as the Karbi, originally came from Tibet and Burma and settled on the banks of the Kupli and Kalang Rivers. their stay.
They died when they tried to jump from the moving truck before it overturned.
“As of now, the leaders of the HSPDP party are trying to expel the leaders and members of the party, and the expulsion of up to three MDCs is against what the party stands for. They added that the HSPDP leaders will continue to expel not only the MDCs but also other members of the party.
As one of the survivors of this incident, he is happy to share this news with the public so that it will be of benefit in terms of health.
Politics is the source of man or man.
The shad suk kara started on the 9th of June, which is the Pynsiñ Day and was led by the Seiñ Raij Tuber followed by the Seiñ Raij Shnongs and will end on the 20th. In the month of July 2023, it is also a pleasure to hear the sounds of the Sukra dances from the Sieñ Raij Tuber and from various Seiñ Raij Shnongs, which fill the surrounding environment with holy sounds. With joy and gladness, they also performed the rituals, according to the customs of their ancestors, before they went down to the hills and fields to sow the seeds.
Mondal said the Detailed Project Reports (DPR) have already been prepared for the implementation of other mini hydropower projects.
Whether we want or don't want change, the delay in the Roster System is a threat to the nation, and the issue of Reservation Policy cannot be ignored.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday accused the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) of being unfair to the government as well as the court.
The Pakistanis were reportedly shocked when the pilot shouted "Islem India" and shot into the air, while they shouted "Islem Pakistan" Some of them threw stones at him and some of them shot him in the leg. It was at that time that the Pakistani troops came and took him away. the public.
“Muslims donate 50,000 land and money to Hindus to build Ram Temple” Let the presence of any religion not be a reason to destroy the marriage of the Khasi children or to destroy the the village is created.
Since its launch, the Hilux, which is an all-around vehicle, has received praise from customers and the feedback from the people in this regard is good.
The main part of the camp was on trekking and camping from NEAU campus in Thadlaskein Lake. in the streets and in the streets.
These containers will bear the stamp of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi to send to the Food Corporation of India (FCI) to distribute the rice under the PMGKAY scheme to four states including Rajasthan, Rajasthan, Sikkim, Mizoram, Tripura, and Meghalaya.
“He also said that Rohit Prasad has been appointed to develop the NEHU App for the benefit of the students.
Guwahati: To cool down the tensions on the border between Assam and Nagaland, the governments of the two states have agreed to withdraw their police from their current positions on the border. , you don't have to be a pud, you're a border state.
Another Barabazaar (Iewduh) is the same. Although this place is the main trading center of Ri Khasi, many of the villagers also call the townspeople lei – lei (but not Bara bazaar especially when talking to foreigners.
Shillong, Nailar 16 : The celebration of the 75th Anniversary of India on the 15th of this month by the Congress Party in Meghalaya, was very successful with hundreds of arshaka vehicles.
Many tenders have been released; However, the tenders were issued through MAL, not by the Tourism Department or other departments of the state government.
On the other hand, he said that he is very sad about this incident because his brother-in-law has been beaten up without any reason and without committing any crime. The incident occurred from time to time in the village.
He said that the leaders elected by the people in 2018 and those who are in the MDA government are not leaders but land auctioneers, especially in West Khasi Hills. Hills where 12 villages under the Nonglang Sirdarship were auctioned to Assam during the signing of the demarcation agreement between the two Chief Ministers.
The same protest has been expressed again in Nongstoin West Khasi Hills, where the residents of the village together with all the political parties have united together. The march started from near the State Bank of India to Nongstoiñ Market.
Lallianzuala has scored 18 goals and nine assists in 32 appearances this season.
There are 194 active cases in East Khasi Hills, 11 in West Khasi Hills, 11 in West Jaintia Hills, 15 in Ri Bhoi, 20 in West Garo Hills, 4 in East Jaintia Hills, 14 in South Garo Hills and 1 in South Garo. Hill 1.
At the same time, the Minister of Sports said that the preparations for the National Games are in full swing and the government will build a Games Village at Mawdiangdiang along with many other facilities in other places.
We have our own state police; we have our own court and when this murder happens on the land of Meghalaya, we have the power to prosecute these murderers; But why does this government go to collect assistance from the leaders of Assam and Delhi?” he asked.
Shillong, June 6 : The All Khasi Hills Achik Federation (AKHAF) has strongly opposed the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between Meghalaya and Assam on 29th October 2022 in Delhi. 15 villages which used to fall under Meghalaya have been transferred to Assam.
Despite the strict rules of the NGT and the Court to curb illegal coal trade and mining in the state, illegal activities in the state continue in the name of 'High Level' and this has been witnessed by the incidents where workers in the coal mines have lost their lives due to the collapse of the coal mines and even the coal that has been stored since 2014 has not been spent anymore. and coal trucks pass through the roads every day.
This was announced by Rgh.S.Sari Publicity Secretary Sengkhihlang.
On the 8th of this month, the Deputy Commissioner, Jowai, has decided to rebuild the garbage dump at Mynkjai. The SDO has imposed 144cr on the area to prevent any incident.
He said that besides these, they also demanded that the promotion system should be improved as some of the older employees should not be promoted while the temporary employees should be promoted. to provide security to the employees as it may happen suddenly when adequate protection is not required, and to provide for the care of the employees' relatives as appropriate.
He said the defeat in Tura was not a slow defeat but a tough fight even for NPP leader Purno A Sangma.
After the seizure, the Nongpoh PS Police have taken the suspect to the police station for further investigation.
He said that the pass is issued in the category of death/hospitalization or the reason for death or hospitalization and it is written that it is for the visit, the visit of the para, the journey is over.
The investigation team has received the written statement of the Delhi Anti-Corruption Bureau FIR and the Central Bureau of Investigation FIR lodged against the MLA in connection with the embezzlement of money in connection with the implementation of the at Delhi Waqf Board.
When inquired from sources, KHNAM said that only Bah Basaiawmoit has survived but he too has surrendered, while HSPDP has said that only Bah Basaiawmoit has survived. She has not yet taken over the post of Chairperson, along with two EMs, and will soon get another EM proposed by her CEC, Bah Morningstar Mawsor.
As we have seen and heard that in all the places where there are military bases in the state, most of the people do not have the right to move freely and the people have already experienced many violence and violence. “If the Assam Rifles are allowed to enter the village now, the people will suffer the same fate as in other areas where there are troops,” said Bah Mawphniang. .
“It is surprising that although the state government has understood the request of the Central Government departments, it has acted stingy to allow tens of thousands of metric tonnes of coal to get permission for export. “Through the Land Customs Stations in the state, we have investigated thoroughly where the coal has arrived,” said the High Court.
Shillong: U Sanbor Shullai, MP candidate of the BJP, today raised a strong voice against the CAB, saying, “The CAB will not be implemented at all, while Sanbor Shullai Shullai, you're still alive.
Through the incident in Guwahati, the Meghalaya government has also come to understand its rules, regarding public places, markets and the inability to prevent the entry of appearance of outsiders.
Shangpliang recalled that many petitions have already been submitted to the government but no action has been taken yet.
The BJP President said that in the 2018 elections, the party will contest in all 24 MLA constituencies in Garo Hills including Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
While drinking, Riia agreed to meet at Police Bazar MUDA Complex at 2 pm.
“He said that as the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, has admitted that this park was constructed by Bah Lar Bareh, but this is surprising that he is the owner of the land, he does not know anything. who operates this place.
Nongstoiñ, July 01: The Khasi Student Union (KSU) has protested against the rape of a 14-year-old girl from Mawkhap village. Hynnengbrei Area Unit, has held a rally to demand that the law enforcement agencies should punish strictly the robbers.
Bah Mawthoh held a meeting today on the birthday of Kong Wansuk.
The District Council Government last month, discussed the issue of UCC in the House, especially as the tragic incidents in Manipur have spread across the country, including Shillong and other parts of the state.
Others have left Dr. Mukul Sangma and have proved that they are still shameless political opportunists by joining the MDA. your own prayer, which you have prayed.
He said that the words that those who elect the Rangbah Shnong should be removed, but should be written only by the residents who are Khasi or Khasi who have been elected Rangbah Shnong. There is an 18-year card to eliminate the discrimination between men and women, he added.
However, when I say this, I don't mean that they should write on social media that they have invited Prestone to speak because this is not official.
He gave an example when fish is banned from abroad, the price of fish increases and this is the law of the market and the price depends on the market conditions.
The BSF welcomed the chiefs of army from Bangladesh on the day of their arrival in the country.
Tourism in Meghalaya has not grown as much as in other states such as Kerala, Goa, Orissa, Jammu and Kashmir, Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, West Bengal, Sikkim and others. Our country has begun to attract many tourists.
Mookynphad Mihmyntdu beat Kseh Sylle Ialong 1-0
After Carles Cuadrat parted ways with Bengaluru FC in the 2020-21 season, Delgado also left after the end of the season.
He admitted that in the rural areas and tribal areas, MDCs are higher than MLAs but for decades this has changed completely.
This is in accordance with Notification No. F-4-1/2
And the angel said unto them, Fear not: for, behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people. the city of David to a Savior who is Christ the Lord.
He said he had promised the leaders of these parties that the government would follow up with the central government on these outstanding issues which have been passed by a resolution in the Legislative Assembly.
Nongstoin by phone No.8258076014 or Child Welfare Committee, Nongstoin Ph.
In the first innings, Tura scored 19 runs for 4 wickets before Harshit Prasad scored 14 runs for the team. wicket in the 10th over.
With the arrests, the total number of arrests so far has risen to 11 from the case of the 14-year-old girl.
On the INP&F Treaty 1950, the GNLF burnt the copy of the 1950 Treaty in Darjeeling and Shillong in
Meanwhile, Jamshedpur FC have made only two substitutions, with Pratik Chaudhari and Boris Singh replacing Jay Thomas and Ishan Pandita.
After that, the Ri Bhoi, after releasing the child, have completed all the requirements according to the rules of law and after that, they handed over to the parents of the child.
The other is because of the discrimination against other races.
I have a child whom I have to provide for and now I have to rely only on my mother as long as she is there”.
He said that this act of appointment by the Chief Minister may have been taken by himself due to lack of knowledge regarding the Meghalaya Services (Conduct) Rules, 2019 or to please the party. who rules the state, that which only he knows best.
New Delhi: Bear Grylls, who accompanied Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Jim Corbett Park in Uttarakhand, said Modi is a very small man.
However, it is his will to pay when he has time without wasting it.
“The total wealth of the nine Ministers has been T.229.27 crore.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: Thousands of residents of Sohra Constituency from Laitlyngkot and Nongkynrih today gathered to express their support for the amendment of the Reservation Policy.
On the other hand, the SP of East Khasi Hills, Sylvester Nongtnger, said that the police have received information about the incident and have been on high alert. good for their faith.
In the writ petition, the family did not receive any information on the whereabouts of the case.
The sudden growth of factories has led the people to leave behind agriculture and turn back to working in factories.
Today, the total number of cases in the state has risen to 45, the highest number of cases.
BJP MP KP Yadav has sent a letter to the Prime Minister and the Minister in charge of Agriculture, explaining the situation in the villages including Shivpuri. , Ashok Nagar and Guna districts have been affected by crop damage.
He said that during the meeting with the Prime Minister, the Prime Minister said that he has no intention of conducting the NRC in the state.
However, only if we respect the residents and respect the history, we can believe and accept the Social Agreement signed recently by the MDA Government. differed in many ways.
“It's a good idea to take classes in these colleges, which are not supported by the Government.
Jesus was betrayed by one of His disciples named Judas Iscariot after receiving a morsel of bread from Jesus.
Referring to the uniqueness of the area, he recalled that many tourist attractions have emerged in the Amlarem area which have attracted many tourists.
The Minister said the government is preparing the Tenancy Act which is scheduled to be passed this month and next month he will convene a public meeting to discuss how to curb the entry of kyrthep that bar state.
“We, as the political parties in the North East, are strongly opposed to the CAB and in talks with our colleagues from the NDA, we have received the support of other parties. “They have agreed to vote against the bill if it is brought to the Rajya Sabha,” said Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
“The question is whether teachers will go to school to conduct examinations or go to training programmes.
Meghalaya is one of the states in India most vulnerable to suicide bomber terrorists as happened in Sri Lanka, Spain and many parts of India and world.
May God bless you all readers and for His glory, Amen.
There has been a lockdown in 35 countries.
Shillong: Two trucks carrying stone have been set on fire last night near Sohlong Village, above Dawki Village.
At the same time, the RBDCA leader said that a similar program will be held in Umsning at Patarim Stadium and Umbuda Stadium on the 27th, 28th and 29th of this month.
It is here that the people are thanked, deceived by those who do not love the country and the nation, but are the sellers of the country and the sheep.
Alex Lynser from Mawlai was elected as the Working President, Desmond K Mawlong from Nongthymmai as the General Secretary, Kersuk Cajee from Nongthymmai as the General Secretary. Chief Youth Organizer.
Sin is a veil or barrier that separates man from God.
The festival was held on the 28th and 29th of this month at Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat and was inaugurated by the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Abhilash Baranwal, IAS as the chief guest.
The job that brings in a sustainable income is the job that will have to produce syep produce syar.
Nongpoh: In a fire incident which happened yesterday at Umiam Block-6, where several houses were owned by a foreigner named J.Singh, they were burned up and turned into fire, after a terrible fire had devoured them.
The US Navy has sank three Houthi rebel ships in the Red Sea on Wednesday and US troops have had to crack down on the rebels. , when a ship, Maersk, carrying goods, immediately sent information to the troops that they had been shot down by the Houthis.
The Counseling Center was donated by Bah Hamlet under the PMKKKY scheme at a cost of Rs 18.09 lakh.
“Yes, Kmie, those promises and Bah Let Maheh don't remember anymore. Only Bah Let will fulfill them.
These leaders elected on this occasion include the Manager (Men Team), Bah M William Nongrum and Bah N. Lyngdoh.
Other speakers on the occasion highlighted the importance of cleanliness so that we can improve our daily behavior.
Streamly N Suchen, President of KSU East Jaintia Hills District as the Chief Guest, gave a speech of congratulations to the members of EJEA and expressed his gratitude to the youth who have participated in the EJEA. He said that the KSU is ready to help at any time or in any area of ​​electrical works especially in this time of unemployment. He congratulated the association of electricity manufacturers for their efforts in serving the people of the district.
Shillong, November 4: Seven foreigners have been drowned in Wah Tharia under Shella Bholaganj Block on Tuesday morning. They were identified as Bibishon Ram (31), Prem Sagar (30), Harendar Kumar (18), Ajay Paswan (35), Uday Paswan (30), Upender Singh (22) and Hare Krishna (35). 7 of them are employees of M/s PR Infra Project Pvt.
The West Khasi Hills District Badminton Association (WKA) has concluded the 6th Inter Office Badminton Tournament 2023 with the PWD-I team winning the title while the second place went to the PWD-I team. In the open category, Gilbert Wahlang won the men's singles title while Banteilang Lyngdoh won the loser's title. .
This incident happened on Sunday morning when there was no one in this field.
In her long career, Silbi has received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award, the Prasar Bharati Award and the Meghalaya Day Award.
Protect yourself from infection by sleeping in beds covered with blankets treated with insecticides that kill insects and prevent them from biting those who sleep inside them.
The Minister said that work is ongoing to curb the theft of money in banks and 3.38 accounts have been closed.
This is the first time for Nongkhroh to reach the final of the TSA. Tomorrow 16/10/19 the semi final will be between Mookbu SC and Kyortyrkhang SC at 2 pm.
“But I trust the people, the people understand their part and what is right at this time when we are trying to unite to get power, there are parties that the people have rejected, how many parties “If the people understand that it is useless to form a political party, I am surprised to hear that a political party has been formed in KHADC, we don't have anything to do with it,” said Bindo. The People's Democratic Forum (PDF) will become the People's Democratic Front (PDF).
The MP election is different from the MLA or MDC election, and it is for the benefit of the state if the BJP is elected,” he said.
The meeting was held with the participation of VDP Shnongs and Sengkynthei.
Furthermore, if we take the comparison, the public sector of the ST government does not take a single penny from them to encourage them to apply for jobs. .
Shillong: Police today arrested three persons including Pynhunlang Wahlang, 30, Dinal Syndor, 25, and Pynskhem Syiemlieh from Nongmensong with five golden tobacco tins. 3.08 grams of drugs.
Lambokstarwell Marngar also wanted the state and central governments to speak clearly whether they will say yes or no to the demand for the implementation of the ILP. The KSU said that the state government has decided to include three district councils in the Regional Committee to resolve the seven sites where the incident occurred. The border is acceptable to the people living in the border areas and should not bring shame to the people in their eyes.
According to Central Government sources, the two men arrived from Johannesburg on June 15, 2021 but were detained by Customs personnel at the airport in New Delhi.
“In these polling stations, VVPAT slips will be counted,” said the CEO. One is at Khliehrangnah Polling Station in Raliang and one at Nongpyndeng Polling Station in Nongstoin. The parliamentary constituencies of Possengre, Toshapara, Dawakitinggre and Amindasimsang polling stations which fall under the Gambagre constituency, have made a mistake in which the presiding officers forgot to clean the mock votes.
In 2018, the MDA-I government was formed at the residence of the then President of the UDP. The President of the UDP has not formed a government.
This year, the organizers of the festival have decided not to invite any more members of the family to take part in the festival. Kim, Kendall, Kylie, Kourtney and Khloe at the Met Gala.
Nobody wants to take that decision, but if you look at what is happening in the world, you have no choice,” he said.
Besides these two famous filmmakers, Borun Thokcom, who is from the state, attended the awards ceremony, as he is one of the stars of the state, who is also a filmmaker. member of the jury in the non-feature film or non-feature film category.
The Estimate Committee also visited the Mohalla Clinic, where the Delhi Government has already set up 521 Mohalla Clinics.
The risk is high if you have low blood pressure or apple-shaped fat, high cholesterol and triglycerides in the blood and high blood pressure; together these are called metabolic syndrome and put us at increased risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
These KSU leaders visited the families of the victims and expressed their condolences on this tragic incident.
Shillong, July 16: U Bah Embhahlang Syiemlieh, today asked in the House, on the non-selection of IAY schemes in parts of Mawlai Constituency.
All-round cooperation is paramount to overcoming problems and deterioration in communities.
Shillong, November 14: The Congress has won the GHADC CEM election to be held on the 18th of this month.
Under the Assam Reorganization Act 1969, Meghalaya was given an Autonomous State and under the North Eastern Areas Reorganization Act 1971, Meghalaya was created as a full fledged state. Sub-Para (2) of Paragraph 20 of the Sixth Schedule has been repealed which means that all the former Khasi Hills or the 12 disputed areas have been removed. outside the border of Meghalaya which is also according to the GSI map of Meghalaya
Immediately, members of the KSU from Narpuh also entered Star Cement and after passing through Gate No 1 of the company, the members managed to block the bus and send them all down. who sit inside the boss.
It is also prohibited to burn forests, parks, gardens and abandoned areas within the district.
The HSPDP party stands on three principles like Mawbyrsiew, to preserve, protect and improve. He left the party but the party has not changed from its foundations for 55 years.
Jowai, Nailar 13: The Parish Pastoral Council, Immaculate Conception Church, Mowkyndeng Parish, today Saturday, under the leadership of Father Henry Warbah as Parish Priest and Stalbinus Dkhar, Secretary of PPC, held a rally. as a sign of condolences and sympathy for the incident in Manipur.
Lumdiengjri Police Station is conducting investigation to track down the robbers involved in the theft.
Jowai, June 13: The Union of Waheh Shnongs, Jowai today in a statement to the media, said that the Union of Waheh Shnongs, Jowai today congratulated the Meghalaya High Court for issuing the order. on the Public Interest Litigation (PIL) No.6/2022 which ordered the JHADC and JMB to remove the garbage around Jowai.
It is said that one of these Pyrsa of the King had a long Sniehdoh, and the other had a white Sniehdoh.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 31: In a few days, the world will celebrate the World Environment Day. u year.
On the other hand, the Minister said that until now, they have no intention of bringing more animals to the new park except those from Phan Nonglait Park.
“Although I am no longer the President, my soul is with the party and I will continue to work with the party because it is the party that has taught me until I am what I am now,” he said.
“Until now, we have not received any exact information from the PMO that the Prime Minister will come to Shillong,” said Bah Shibun.
There were 329 women and 417 men from children, youth, adults and the elderly.
“But why don't we set a goal to build something more beautiful than what others have created? We are only waiting for the government job but we have to learn to stand on our own feet”.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad Sangma highlighted the important steps taken by the community to achieve this goal of opening this shlem as PRIME HUBs.
He said that as you can see, the main issues of the national parties are the ILP; Therefore, when they come to government, they should take action and not just mislead the people.
However, till the date of publication of this news, the PS of Bah RC Laloo has not given any word to the leaders of the EJNC. He took the opportunity to meet with the members of the party to discuss the above issues.
She also urged that staff should be deployed in each village with signs to walk smoothly in their own direction to avoid tragic incidents.
Two employees of Star Cement were injured in the IED blast by the HNLC on the refusal of the management of Star Cement, Lumshnong to pay the money demanded by the HNLC.
At the same time, the union urges the authorities to take action in this regard, and warns against those who smuggle food items. They should be careful, because such goods also affect the people of the whole state.
The construction of the Viewpoint will surely attract more tourists.
The Commissioner & Secretary to the Governor's Office, Dr. BDR Tiwari, briefed on the situation in Meghalaya.
Police are investigating into the arrest of these foreign suspects.
On the other hand, the Officer in charge of the Purchase and Store Section asked whether it is necessary to purchase new machines but the OSD did not respond.
On the same day, the MLA also visited the houses of Bah Moris Rani, Bah Jambor Marngar and the farm of Bah Moris Rani, Bah Jambor Marngar. Lekin Lynshin, Secretary of the Nongkya District Council.
The Umsning market which has already been approved has been allocated money, they have done politics.
He said that after the government announced to legalize the vacancy, the leaders of all the Christian churches, went to meet the Chief Minister to oppose and he promised to abolish the vacancy. .
On this occasion, the Kur Sookpoh Khad-Ar Wyrnai has honored the elders, women, family members, children and friends who have contributed to the good deeds of the Kur.
Two matches ended with a 2-2 draw between Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu and Madanthad Thadmuthlong 2-2 and Moodop Royal beat Riatsaliya Mihmyntdu 2-2
“The issue of electing the president of the MPCC will be a necessary issue,” Chatrah said. “We will have to take the opinions of all the Congress leaders on this issue. and we will take action according to their counsel.
Mawkyrwat: The District Magistrate of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat has issued a public hearing for the upgradation of the Nongstoin-Wahkaji road to 2 lane. 15′.00 km to 43′.069 km) at Mawpat Umohlun on the 29th of this month.
“I have not read this report but it is too late for me to ask for a report why there is such a thing,” he said.
“It is to be recalled that Danosha Khongsit is the fundraising agent of the Pynroilang Women's Association in Mawlai.
Meanwhile, US Press Secretary Stephanie Grisham has cut off her hands from a clash with Kim Jong Un's guards because she wanted to ring a video of him. Trump and Kim and to allow other photographers to witness the meeting.
fa@gmail.com before the 30th of this month.
He said that the Council will hold another meeting on this issue so that all the Kurs and Jait Khasi can participate.
So nothing can be done now as we have not received any such complaint," he said.
According to him, the HNLC has not handed over the list of members whose cases are pending against them.
FENNEL SEEDS :-Fennel seeds help to maintain healthy cholesterol in the blood and thus prevent high blood pressure.
He demanded that the government should withdraw the recent announcement of MUDA and should first call for talks with the village authorities and the people on this issue.
“However, when the party has elected Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin as the UDP candidate, I as a party member am happy, I will follow and cooperate with the decision of the party.
Tomorrow, the funeral of Archbishop Most Rev Dominic Jala, the faithful will be allowed to pay their last respects and greetings until 12:00 pm.
Shillong, June 05: The North East MP's Forum (NEMP'sF) on Tuesday sent a letter to the Minister of State for Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER), G. Kishan Reddy to allocate Rs 10 crore. 10 years for five states in the North East as the launch of the Scholarship Scheme to assist students to pass the IAS/IPS/Civil Services examinations from the North Eastern States.
No deduction shall be made from the allocation made by the Government in connection with the distribution of any food items provided under the PMGKAY, NFSA and Non-NFSA schemes. dealer, that they should not deprive those farmers who do not have Aadhaar Card and those who have lost their ration cards.
On the other hand, Bah Sniawbhalang denied reports that he will leave the Congress party to join other parties like the NPP. The Congress party and the allegation that he will leave is just a lie”.
He went to his mother.
In Sohra, the rainfall was 108.6mm today, while today, it was 28.6mm.
The annual tournament of the Seng Khasi West Khasi Hills District started yesterday at Madan New Nongstoin, where the elders of the Seng Khasi West Khasi Hills, Mawkhar, Shillong, completed the ceremony. ai-dem before the dancers leave the competition on Sunday and the ai-dem ai-dem is that God the Creator will protect and be with them in this competition. those who have come to take part in the dance, may arrive safely and return safely to their places.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Raid Laban Secondary School on Friday celebrated its 50th Anniversary in the field of education in the state.
While he was lying lyndang between the branches of the tree and the slow breeze, he looked up at the branches of the tree to see if there were any fruit.
Proverbs 18:10,, “The name of the LORD is a strong tower: the righteous runneth into it, and is safe.
Nongpoh: U Bah Lambor Malngiang, MLA Nongkrem and Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, on Tuesday said that as of now in the state, it is not yet possible to approve the Inter-State Movement. Meghalaya itself still needs to curb the entry of foreigners, at this time of the spread of Covid-1
Shillong, November 6: Students who passed IV of 2011 have expressed their concern over the illegal recruitment in various district offices.
In this regard, the Seiñ Khynroo Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang strongly condemns the mismanagement of these Muster Roll workers and strongly warns against these Muster Roll workers who have done their job properly and demanded that the PWD department should punish them.
The Chief Guest stressed the need for government schemes to reach those who are entitled to them.
The World Health Organization (WHO) on Monday said that the World Health Organization (WHO) has approved and encouraged the public production and use of the R21/Matrix-M vaccine. and for the treatment of malaria, and was developed and published by the University of Oxford in Britain.
According to the order of the Governor, through a statement signed by the Secretary Home (Police), Bah Cyril VD Diengdoh, with the approval of the Civil Services Board (CSB), Vivekanand Singh Rathore, IPS (RR Shailendra Bamaniya, IPS (RR 2016) has been promoted to the post of Commandant of 3rd MLP Bn, Sahbseiñ. Abraham T. Sangma, MPS, has been promoted to the post of Superintendent of Police, North Garo Hills. Dr. Dara Aswaghosh, IPS (RR Bruno A. Sangma, MPS, Shillong has been promoted to the post of Commandant of 2nd MLP Bn, Goeragre. , MPS Superintendent of Police, South Garo Hills has been transferred to the post of Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills following the transfer of Vivekanand Singh Rathore, IPS. Commander of 2nd MLP Bn Goeragre has been promoted as Superintendent of Police, North Garo Hills following the promotion of Shailendra Bamaniya, IPS. Bn, Sahbseiñ has been transferred to the post of Superintendent of Police, Traffic, Shillong after the transfer of Dr. Dara Aswaghosh, IPS. Drugs worth T.3,74,000 lakh were seized from the border.
He was surrounded by the residents of the area who saw the incident and before the police arrived to arrest him, the residents had patrong and bomb jem.
The students together with the HYC said that if the government does not implement their demand within 10 days, they will take other measures to ensure that the government should do something to resolve the issue. don't worry about the students.
He said that states can get bonus marks if they can transfer the management of electricity supply to private entities.
S.A.KurbahThe behavior and lifestyle of people who live according to the world of “khohkadun”, “Ai-jait Kmie” or “Ai-jait Kpa” is only a custom that has changed with the passage of time.
However, despite appearing before the Magistrate in Amlarem, the four village officials continued to harass and threaten her.
Robert A.Tang scored the goals in the 2nd minute and Modify Sutnga in the 60th minute.
The Cabinet's approval for the study of NCERT books is that the students of the state will be on par with the students of other parts of India.
If the NPP leaders don't know, they should take action by expelling those MDCs who have cheated or defamed their party.
Bah Monarch Shabong Kumba has appeared well in the newspapers in the past few months; The Chief Executive Member of Karbi Anglong, wanted to further raise the issue by visiting Jri Kyndeng on Saturday, where he said that the The land falls within the boundary of the Karbi Anglong District Council and he said that the land has been under the jurisdiction of the Council since
He said that the total number of voters in KHADC is 7,95,143 and 3,83,633 are males while 4,11,468 are females.
“It is an urgent and shocking investigation in fact that if he had not been arrested alive, he would have given a lot of information to the police about the intentions and activities that the HNLC is preparing to do,” said the report.
They love you not as a son, but because you are their brother-in-law.
Challans were issued to the winners of the public purchase of coal for the purpose of transporting the coal to other buyers.
Nongstoin: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Rambrai Circle on Thursday confirmed its office in the Mawdoh area and set up the Mawdoh area unit.
The election of the candidates will be held on 11th June
Shillong, November 21: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MLA Sanbor Shullai on Tuesday said that the BJP will be strong like a horse in the upcoming elections. The Legislative Assembly will be held in 2023 in Meghalaya.
He said that the District Council Courts in Nongpoh and Mawkyrwat will soon be opened and the aim is to strengthen the powers and authority of these courts.
“We request the Government that the appointment should be made before the new MTET examination is held,” he said.
Shillong, November 01: U BJP Spokesperson M.Kharkrang on Friday said that it would be better if the MLA who has served for seven terms from Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, Bah Alexander L.Hek, who has served for seven terms, The Minister will also be elected as a candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency for the Lok Sabha elections in
Shillong, Lber 9: The ticket allocation for the Tura constituency, today, has turned into a joke, after the name of Zenith Sangma, while the ticket, was issued to U Daryl Momin, who is the son of former Chief Minister Capt WA Sangma.
None of those smugglers or illegal coal miners have been punished in court for violating the NGT Act.
• If they are negative, they can go back to work and have to follow the government's orders.
In addition, Grant Holloway of the USA finished second in the 110m hurdles in Rabat.
The writing of the ISIS militants was spread widely among groups of supporters and ISIS militants and was posted with a picture of five militants who attacked the ISIS militants. Inside, there are pictures of Donald Trump, Pope Francis and Buddha, showing the three in the middle of the fire.
Shillong: U Minister of State, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, on Monday said that he has not received any information on the re-establishment of the Regional Committee to proceed with the second phase of the boundary talks.
He said that the assistants of the Flying Squads have been deployed to remove the traffic jams in these areas.
However, the union is sad to know that although they have made requests from time to time, but until now, they have not released the salary for the month of October 2023 and therefore the CCORMUA has held a meeting to emergency on 20th June 2023 where a number of decisions were also taken.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 13: Not only those living in urban areas, but with the passage of time, parents from all over the West Khasi Hills have become increasingly aware of the importance of education.
Similarly, the Pynursla Area has not been able to prove that they are indeed 'intelligent and intelligent war people'
Shillong: Shillong La FC, who have qualified for the Kalinga Super Cup 2024, will start their first match against Kerala Blasters FC at 2 pm today. to play at Kalinga Stadium, Pitch I, Bhubaneswar.
It is surprising how a person who sits inside the office knows how to explain while the issue in the border area has never been addressed except by the Sengbhalang, said the statement.
At present, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, has said that the bill should be thoroughly considered before giving a final word.
Also present were the General Secretary of the village, Careme Phawa, the Treasurer, Jait Dao Sumer and other village officials.
This happened at the Jawahar National Village School (JNV) in Niangbari, Ri Bhoi District.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 11 cases including one from Selsella cluster, seven cases from high risk and three cases from Modynagar cluster.
This is the finding of the Participatory Agrobiodiversity Mapping Exercise which found that newly cultivated rice varieties are not resistant to climate change.
Secy, N.Mynsong-Executive Member,.
These Lyngdohs have first lodged a complaint with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC and Dy CEM on 16/08/2019 demanding that the Council should revoke the approval of the Members of the Executive Committee of KHADC. The Acting Syiem has forged their names and has signed the new Dorbar Nongpung.
The Muaythai Association of Meghalaya (MUA) has sent its congratulations and blessings to the participants of the championship together with the referees and judges including Bah A.Sun as Technical Commissioner, Pynsuklang. Sumer International Referee and Judges Paul Ronghang, Aiborlang Syngkli, Dauni Nongrum and Elizabeth Marten as National Referees and Judges. (28 kg -11 years), Alphonsa zinia wriang (36 kg -14 years), Mary Christine Wriang (38 kg -16 years), Annette N C Suiam (34 kg – 11 years), Maya sweety marboh (47 kg -17 years ), Evakordor R Nongrum (45 kg – 15 years), Tiewlili Mukhim (45 kg -16 years), Sunita Nongdhar (45 kg -15 years), Barkis Nongdhar (49 kg 15 years), Dority Umsong (42 kg 13 years) , Jenifer Mukhim (53 kg -16 years), Naphilawanbet Nongspung (48kg -15 years), Na-i-sha Kshiar (37 kg -13 years), Arbabet L.Nongbri (56 kg -13 years), Daniewkor Mynsong (44kg -14 years), Breeze Ingtih (52 kg -13 years), Mindalin Makri (54 kg – 17 years), Isabella Thongni (42 -16 years), Jessica Thabah (63.3 kg below 23 years), Ineshabahun Dkhar (49 kg - 24 years), Banrilang Ingty (54 kg above 23), Monica Nongrum (67 kg above 23) and Banpyksan Warshong 17yrs 44kg, Teiboklang Marbaniang 16yrs 55kg), Nehbor Mawthoh (20yrs 42kg), Pynnehbor Mylliemngap (26yrs 45kg), Jeffry John Nongdhar (29yrs 51kg), Shailestan Mylliem (17yrs 56kg), Bansahnam Warkhyllew4 (26krs62gyrs), Machyllews1 m Charumnuid ( 1yrs 51kg), Rishotskhem Marboh (21yrs 57kg), Brockstar Papang (18yrs 77kg), Pynlhrawbor Shylla (19yrs 45kg), Blaseibok Kharbuli (22yrs 48kg), Emdor Blah (29yrs 4 Rulfdo 15 Lygngs), 11yrs 36kg), Andy Taro (14yrs 57kg), Arnold Kharbyngar (13yrs 28kg), Erickson Nongrum (13yrs 32kg), Dameshwa Marten 14yrs 47kg), Dauni Nongrum (32yrs 54kg), Williamson Iawrod (14yrs 42kg), Risynroi Kharmuti (14yrs 38kg) , Marky Nongrum (14yrs 48kg), Apjingkyrmen Lyngshiang (12yrs 25kg), Silbastar Marbaniang (15yrs 38kg), Johnronald Sangriang (22yrs 51kg), Rohan ram 5 Rajak (24yrs 55kg), Andrew Ri Alfred5 (16kyrs), Watkyrs4 ), Jeky Jana (20yrs 45kg), Lapynshai Syiemlieh (19yrs 45kg), Edilbert help Ryndongsngi (25yrs 85kg), Ujal R Marak  (20yrs 60kg), Mewanlambha Basaiawmoit (17yrs 53kg), L.Marpshilk6 L Mawlong (17yrs 60kg), Jopliban Khongjoh (16yrd 53kg), Wadborlang Marwein (24yrs 50kg), Bryansing Marboh (18yrs 50kg) and Albert M.Wahlang (17yrs 44kg).
The new school building of the school was inaugurated by the Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Khasi Hills District Unit on Thursday. .
Mawkyrwat, Lber, 15: The office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), South West Khasi Hills District has celebrated the World Consumer Right Day under the theme, “ Empowering consumers to use environmentally friendly electricity" was held at the Multipurpose Hall DC's Office, Laitlawsang, South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, March 19: About 100 office bearers of the Mawsynram Block Congress Committee under the leadership of the new President of the Mawsynram Block Congress Committee, Bah Khelor Kharnaior, today met with the Mawsynram Block Congress Committee. Dr. DD Lapang, President of the MPCC to congratulate him on the appointment of Bah Khelor as the new President of the Block.
We hope that peace can be brought only through speedy punishment of those responsible," he said.
The Prime Minister met with religious leaders upon landing at the airport at 7Mer, before leaving for Delhi.
Interestingly, this will be the second time that India will face Kuwait in this tournament.
Bah Aristerwell Thongni, Political Secretary3
Another project is the construction of a PWD road via Mynsain Forest Road to the residence of Deb Das Chakraborty at Upper Lumparing, Shillong at a cost of T.1,38,70,0
You can also use rose water to cleanse your skin at the end of the day or before going to bed.
Today, which is the World Environment Day, the VO distributed tree seedlings to other VO groups in Thadlaskein Block to plant trees in their own houses. their village.
The deceased was identified as Shyamprasad Dusat of the 6th Assam Police Battalion.
Most of them were arrested by Dorbar Shnongs, Women's Organisations, Youth Organizations and Sengbhalang.
Not only is there a close relationship between God and man, there is also mutual respect and honor between fellow creatures.
“The ban on the internet is to reduce the weakness of the NPP in the elections and there is no other reason,” he added.
Ma Sumer, therefore, demanded that those who misuse public money, should not contest elections at all and demanded that the MLAs, should return the money, which they have misused in these four months. years old.
“How true is the allegation because there was a government program on that day,” said Marak, which means that Bah Shangpliang attended a government meeting.
She said that through this training, the staff of the VWSCs will be able to check the drinking water supply, repair if there is any damage to the water pipes, check whether the water is clean or safe for consumption. to drink, and to keep the cleanness of the cities.
Art And Culture- Example Line Executive Members 1.
Gangtok: U Pawan Chamling, Chief Minister of Sikkim, has been the longest serving Chief Minister of the country for 24 years. continued as the Chief Minister of Sikkim.
In the men's category, Ri-Bhoi will play against East Khasi Hills at 11:00 pm and West Jaintia Hills against Eastern West Khasi Hills at 11:00 pm.
The ancestors, through the legends, have named this mountain, the fire of nature, in the Bri u Hynniewtrep by the name 'U Sohpet-bneng'
The Veterinary Department is also ready to cooperate with the farmers at any time they need, said Dr.Kjam.
The time didn't allow them to stay long because it wasn't exactly 12 o'clock.
The writer asked whether he expected to receive information today, but he said, “It's night now”.
In the cultural programme, Jakrem Presbyterian Higher Secondary School came in first place, followed by Mawlangwir Higher Secondary School in second place and Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya in third place.
He is an inspiration to the youth in politics.
Karnata Congress leader Dinesh Gundu Rao has invited Rahul to contest from the state and Congress leaders in Kerala have also urged Rahul to contest from Wayanad constituency.
Shillong:"I am surprised to see in the media that the MDA government has issued a notification to ban teachers from participating in political activities. The party which was established in the state, has demanded to be revoked but in fact the Government should have encouraged and encouraged the teachers to take part in the political work so that the “We will see changes in many aspects because of the long wait of the people of the state,” said the MLA of 17 North Shillong Constituency who is also the President of KHNAM. Recall that this order has been issued during the tenure of Dr Mukul Sangma as Prime Minister; Even if the teachers are afraid that they will not be able to cheat with money, but they will come up with new teachings on how to elect leaders, each Government has forgotten that it is through the teachers who have reached various ranks and the advisors and founders of such Orders, they have reached their present ranks.
They also requested the EM to immediately revoke the order and the EM promised to take action.
Other victims of the same family, including two women, were killed in the landslide that covered their house in Bhangagarh, sources said.
The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has demanded that the government should build the road connecting Borkhat, Muktapur, Amlarem and Dawki to Lad Rymbai which has been badly damaged throughout its length.
Chief Guest on the occasion, Dr Janak Jhankar Narzari, President of Santiniketan Kala Bhavan Praktoni and former Principal of Kala Bhavan, Viswa Bharati University, announced and honored the winner of the award, Ma Heibormi Sungoh. contributed to the development of Khasi literature.
“It is not easy for them either because they are as bad as they are now that they have left the Congress party,” he added.
Gifts were distributed to the teachers and to the children.
On the increasing traffic jam, the DGP said, “The government has already taken many measures and many things will be implemented and now, we have identified the areas where traffic is increasing and we “I have requested the Government not to provide more Homeguards to the Government”.
The final match was fierce and thrilling for the spectators.
“The NHAI's action of collecting taxes without completing the construction of the road is illegal and the state government should look into this illegal action of the NHAI,” said Bah Shanpru.
The Sub-State Government at that time, appealed against the wrong decision of the High Court to the Supreme Court.
In the middle of the second half, Ryntih FC scored the third goal in the 34th minute through Mebankhraw Wahlang.
The letter signed by 15 members of the party, including its President and Secretary, demanded that the Prime Minister should appoint Bah Hector Marwein, one of the senior IAS officers, as Chief. Secretary to the State Government.
I think it is not difficult to be calm for winning the election, it is about how the people trust you.
Passah said that the factory owners in the Industrial Estate have already lodged a complaint with the MIDC. The road is new since the beginning of the Industrial Estate in Jaintia Hills. Hills has not yet been road constructed.
The residents of the market have demanded that the Syiem of Mylliem should appoint more people to clean the market as at present, there are only two persons to clean the market. they.
What! The Hima Khasi-Jaintia, let us join hands and unite with those Khasi-Jaintia brothers and sisters who have learned and knowledgeable in the field of law making and those people who have and also those people who have held higher positions in various Government Offices and also the Seng Saiñ Hima Sima to have responsibility for their own Ri Khasi-Jaintia, the Seng Bhalang and those people who have sacrificed themselves for the sake of the country and the people from all over the Khasi-Jaintia Hima (Example: Tirot Sing Syiem and Kiang Nongbah) to restore the rights of every human being and to to restore peace and stability in all aspects in the Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
Kynta said that through this lifting of the rules, the pastors will now follow the Indian Christian Marriage Act 1872 in their marriages without having to follow the laws of the state government.
The Union also demanded the establishment of Government Secondary School, Higher Secondary School and Government College in the district as at present there is not a single school in the district. Send children to school Outside the district because since the ban on coal mining many children have to drop out of school part time because parents have not supported their children to continue their education.
The program was inaugurated by Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh in the presence of Fr Joakim Principal of St Joseph Higher Secondary School, Fr Glorious Syiemlieh Parish Priest of Umden Parish, teachers and children. school.
Furthermore, Bah Teibor said that they hope that this work will be smooth so that the passengers will be more comfortable in terms of traveling.
In 2003, the Chairman of MCCL said, “To renew the MCCL to produce about 600 units of dewbilat The new project will cost T.62 crore to start in July and be completed by October 2007. UCO Bank has sanctioned T.37.36 crore and the maximum amount will be T.62 crore. In 2005, the Prime Minister (MR) laid the foundation stone for the modernization project and promised to release T.15 crore so that the MCCL can take the loan from the by United Commercial Bank.
Shillong: Thousands of Bangladeshis have arrived in Wah Umngot, near the border with India, yesterday and today.
“This action of the Assam Government will inevitably lead to conflict, violence and ethnic discrimination as well as the inconvenience to the residents.
With the victory of the ZPM, 74-year-old Lalduhoma, who is the leader of the party, could become the new chief minister of the state which borders Myanmar and Bangladesh.
The fake policeman promised to get a government job if she pays T.4 lakh and admitted that he is a policeman who has good relations with the police chiefs in the state. She also fell victim to his deceptions and was able to provide money from time to time up to T.3,11,0
In another match, Mookhaialong SC beat Thangskai TSC by a penalty shootout after failing to score a goal on the pitch.
“I am pleased to inform you that a month or 10 days ago, the Government of India has already approved the mining lease of four miners.
The deputy commissioner said the truck was carrying 22 personnel of the Balochistan Constabulary, which is one of the anti-insurgency police departments and units of the Balochistan Constabulary. Balochistan.
Speaking on the NOC of the coke factory, C.Suja said that it is just a job of some people because the residents of Lelad have no knowledge of the issuance of the syrnot.
So I expected that all this should be completed before November this year,” he added.
“We as the people, we have chosen a law that has been passed and it is for this reason that the people have clearly demanded that Meghalaya needs the MRSSA and the ILP and both these two laws are not the same. “They can work together to protect the minorities in Meghalaya,” he said.
The struggle between the MPCC leaders including DD Lapang and Congress MP from Shillong Vincent H Pala.
Do you want your inheritance to reach the byrsih and the damned or do you want your inheritance to reach the life of righteousness, knowledge of man, knowledge of God, knowledge of family, knowledge of family? yours.
Indeed, God has blessed the nature in this area so that even the gods will not be allowed to dwell in this place.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District has declared a containment area in Panaliar village, Jowai following the spread of COVID-19 cases on Tuesday.
Police confirmed that the bomb was a hand grenade made in China.
As part of this initiative, the DDWS with the support of UNICEF has conducted a 5-day Training of Trainers (ToTs) on the implementation of SBM (G) II in the States.
The newly appointed Executive Members of the new Executive Committee are Alvin Sawkmie, who resigned as Deputy Chairman, and Fantin J Lakadong, NPP. To ensure that the recruitment quota will be adequate, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government is looking for experts for the Expert Committee. these people should be impartial, but neutral.
The organizers of the Madrid Open have apologized to the public for not allowing the doubles players to address the public at the Madrid Open. during the awards ceremony for the winners and runners-up after the final.
Shillong: The President of the Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Shillong Circle, Treiborlang R Suchen and Samran S Syiem, have strongly condemned the decision of the Meghalaya government to hold the Meghalayan Age Festival from the 7th of this month. until October 15, 2020.
However, to tell the truth, the thief should have explained clearly,” said Bah Pala, adding that the VPP's views are no different from the BJP's views.
He said the match had to be canceled at Kiang Nangbah Govt College Ground due to the deterioration of the ground.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Diningroy Marweiñ, President of FASTOM, said that the establishment of schools from LP to Higher Secondary has continued through the encouragement and promise of the Government through the Ministry of Education to assist in the development of schools. but unfortunately, for about 20 years, the Government has not been able to achieve this.
Before Jesus was born into this world, the prophets had foretold that the Son of God would come into this world, one of them was the prophet Isaiah, who said – “Therefore the Lord himself will Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name IMMANUEL.Isaiah 7:14 / Matthew 1:2
By 2020, everyone will be like Saindur Saindar in the right according to the law.
Manipur were 233/9 before ending the innings by leading Meghalaya by 154 runs after Meghalaya were bowled out for 79 runs in the first innings. .
Therefore, the union demands from the district authorities and especially the state government to take action for the implementation of the Entry and Exit Point in the state, at the same time as it is now. The government should also provide personnel inside the Infiltration Check Gate at Byrnihat to prevent the illegal entry of mynder, especially at this time of NRC in Assam, he added.
He expressed his happiness to take part in this day and wished the children of the seiñ raij to get better health through the care of the environment which is the bright future of the children. kti and urged that this beauty and cleanliness should be preserved.
After the meeting, the party also registered new members where more than 1000 people from South West Khasi Hills went to register with the VPP. The MDA Government has strongly criticized the MDA Government for its misuse of power by wasting public money by appointing Chairman and Adviser even to those who have lost elections with high salaries.
He said that in the Traveled and Tourism Competitiveness Report, India ranks 34th and is almost on par with other prominent countries in the world tourism industry.
He said that the garbage dump could cause uncleanliness in the village and suggested that other garbage dumps should be set up especially the meat processing plant which the government has built. The landfill is now located near the garbage dump, which can produce noise pollution which can also affect the people who eat these meats.
It is worth mentioning that the government has provided government aganwadis to provide food to children and pregnant women , but if the workers receive food that is no longer suitable for distribution , they should return it It can be said that this is a stingy count of the employees who have not done anything but have distributed it to the children which can affect their health.
However, the foreigner has not brought those documents yet.
At the same time, the Court said that another area that needs to be looked into is the establishment of Therapy Centers in the State as many families affected by drugs, will have to turn outside the State. The State to send its own children for medical treatment due to the lack of Centers in Meghalaya.
In another development, Conrad Sangma tweeted that he also met with the President of the Naga People's Front (NPF), Manipur Unit, Awangbow Newmai, today in Dimapur. The National People's Party (NPP) has decided to support the NPF candidate Kachui Timothy Zimik for the Lok Sabha elections.
We can call the men, Elder, Middle, Young, Bahnah, Bahduh, while the women are called Sister, Elder, Woman, Duhduh, and other names.
The income of these women from selling Sohtrun per day is T.5250 per day and the income of T.400 per day is T.6000 per day. money in the day.
If we fail to take a decision in these two areas, there will be no hope for the country and the nation.
All the people have to work together to curb the spread of Convid-19 and to listen to the announcements issued by the State Government and the Government of India, he said.
Nongpoh, November 12: U Krishan Pal Gurjar, Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment, today launched one of the schemes. Special Assistance to the Elderly (RVY) at NSCA Ground, Pahamsyiem, Ri Bhoi.
He said that NEIGRIHMS is the largest hospital in the East where patients from all over the country come for treatment at this hospital in the city.
Of these, 580 were fined for parking in prohibited places, 208 for entering prohibited places, 342 for driving without a helmet, 11 for driving without a license plate, 288 for driving without a license plate. license, 13 permit violations, 47 driving without a helmet.
We must not allow our morality to fall into the darkness of ignorance, but once again it will shine brightly again.
“Another problem we face is that when the buyers come and buy 500 or 600 tyngka, they don't have enough money to buy. 2000 tyngka, but whoever comes just like that, we can't sell them because we don't have time to sell them,” he said.
Regarding the government's non-implementation of the scheme in these 45 villages, Sohshang said that some villages fall under Nongstoin, Rambrai Jyrngam and Mawthdaraishan Constituencies.
On the other hand, Dr. Bina said that the government authorities in charge of these incidents should take special measures to monitor these incidents which have spread across the state.
In the second half, Malki started to play strongly and had many chances to score but couldn't.
The judges were FL Thanmawia of Aizawl, Aribam Uttam Sharma and Lou Majau.
Many others have been merely supporters and spectators of what others are doing.
At the same time, he said how the state government in collaboration with the central government has taken steps for the safe return of Meghalayans from Manipur at a time when the conflict is still intense.
There are more than 21 lakh voters including 10.99 lakh female and 10.68 lakh male voters.
Parents are the biggest role model in the family.
What it says is that the UCC, if you look at it, in a multi-ethnic country like India, it is difficult,” he said.
Especially when women cannot sit in front of the office of the Vice Chancellor of NEHU.
At the same time, Bah Pala said that there is no BJP in KHADC.
The implementation of the Real-Time Passenger Information System for school buses is something that will end any concerns of parents regarding the behavior of school buses. happiness of the children riding those buses.
Shillong: Pomlahier SC have reached the quarter final after beating Sohryngkham SC 3-1
This was stated by Bah Titos at a ceremony to honor the students who passed well in the Matric examination 2013 from Village Dorbar Upper & Secondary School in Swer Sohra.
He said that the statement on the party's intention to remove him from the post was made by the Incharge of Meghalaya Dr. Chuba Ao.
Speaking on the occasion, HYC Ri Muliang President Samla Distarborlin Wanniang said that the HYC stands firm to protect the land and the nation.
He said that in fact, the meat market in Ïewduh is the safest place free from any pum-pum and traffic jams and he said that the group, last year, They have talked to the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to dig a little in each place to enter the meat market.
The last discussion of the Government was that it has also taken a decision regarding the proposal submitted by the Ministry of Agriculture. The Government has already approved the proposal to turn some of the land into wholesale and retail markets according to the arrangement of the Ministry of Agriculture.
After the examination at the hospital, he said that the police put him in an Alto and took him to the police station. 7 o'clock they let go, he said.
He said that Walinda has been elected to lead the university, but this has not pleased the students above her, especially as she is from the North East.
There are also dancing, singing and quiz competitions.
We hope that the Meghalaya government will help the family of Walinda so that there will be a fair trial.
“The Deputy Commissioner, yesterday after talks with the union, agreed with the proposal to increase the fare, and said that she will send it to the government for approval and now we will wait. Only with the approval of the Cabinet will we stop this protest,” he said.
Cajee said that when they formed the FKJGP in 1989, they used to hold various protests such as curfews, public meetings and rallies to protest against their demands.
Referring to the border dispute which happens every time when the elections are approaching, Erwin said that the Chief Minister should be asked to sign the soskular.
Jowai MLA, Ma Wailadmiki Shylla in his speech urged everyone to take responsibility to keep the village clean and tidy and to promise to keep Jowai especially the market places and public places free of garbage. cat shaba lap bashem.
As the AITC is in the Legislative Assembly, the people want to bring in the Legislative Assembly to lead the government in the state.
The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday decided to introduce some amendments to the existing laws in order to empower the villages and direct them to introduce name the citizens and recognize their entry and exit for the safety of the nation.
East Khasi Hills has 116 cases and West Khasi Hills has 47 cases.
During the inspection, the MLA found that the Laitkseh Sport Club has done a good job and if the sky permits, it will be completed. The project will be completed by December this year.
He said the ILP has suffered because it cannot be implemented in Garo Hills under the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation, 1873 which was abolished in
But I still don't know.
The 45 days training program for the youth was held at Thomas Jones KJP Synod College Jowai with the assistance of experts to explain in detail about various job opportunities with the assistance available. or government agencies as well as local Banks.
“The Congress feels the need to take action to create jobs for the youth and also to provide financial assistance to women,” he said.
The funeral service will be held on the 12th of this month at Ialong.
Shillong/ Khliehriat, Nailar 29: The Meghalaya Cements Limited (MCL), which produces Topcem dewbilat, has suspended two of its employees for allegedly inciting the police to bomb. tied the people who protested during the Public Hearing at Thangskai on the 24th of this month.
There are 42,170 cases in the state.
These entrepreneurs said that they have an intention to set up a company affiliated with the Rapido so that in this company they will allow only the paradoh parasnam to earn only. On their part, they still have to seek the wisdom of those who are wise in this matter.
The new cases include 144 cases from East Khasi Hills, 13 from West Garo Hills, 9 from Ri Bhoi, 3 from West Jaintia Hills, 1 from West Garo Hills and 1 from South Garo Hills.
Tomorrow the match will be between Nangbah Iawmusiang and Chilliangraij at 2:30 pm.
Other speakers included Bah WL Diengdoh, Member Secretary, Meghalaya and others at the meeting chaired by the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Mariahom Kharkhrang.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Enforcement Department of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council today raided Pynursla and Rngain areas to check the license plates of foreign vehicles, after receiving a complaint from the Khasi Students' Union (KSU). Neil Antonio War, Executive Member of Trade, South Central East Circle, Pynursla.
He said that as a BJP leader who looks after the farmers, he wants the schemes introduced in Meghalaya for the benefit of the farmers to be successful and implemented for the benefit of the farmers. The BJP is a party that respects the farmers who are the stronghold to support the food and drink of the people and also to improve the income of India as a whole through employment. rep is agriculture, he added.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Barak Valley Circle on 28th March 2023 held an award ceremony and welcome ceremony for Khasi youth living in Silchar, Assam.
Bah KP Panngiang, President of the HSPDP, said that the decision to join hands in the MP election between the UDP and the HSPDP is to revive the spirit of patriotism and asked for the support of the people. to allow the RDA candidate in this MP election to raise the issues of the state in Parliament.
RV Lyngdoh, MLA, said that the main goal of the government to bring about development is to provide roads to facilitate the traffic of the people. It will be of great benefit to the residents of the village and on his part as an MLA he expressed his special thanks to the land owners who have donated their land for the construction of the road.
One lightning bolt can set a whole house on fire.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 18: The violence against the people living along the border with Assam, is the most important issue that the state government, no matter who is in power, should take seriously and do something. this marble.
The Dorbar Shnongs shall announce the rules to be followed by all and also submit a report to the Office on the names of land owners, coal owners, coal mine owners who do not comply with the orders of the National Green Tribunal (NGT). ) Committee.
Speaking to reporters, Kohli said Meghalaya is lagging behind in the construction of roads and the roads that have been constructed are in poor condition.
The event was filled with dances, songs and DJ performances by the youth of the area.
He said that when they seize the coal, they wait for someone to come and take the coal, but when there is no one to take the coal, they complain to the court. The DMR will release Shallan only the coal that the court has authorized to auction.
Initially, Yash Chopra had chosen two actresses, Parveen Babi and Smita Patil, for the film, but Amitabh advised Yash to think carefully before choosing them. actress and when the shooting of the film started, Yash Chopra was not happy and wanted the film to be related to a real incident and to be remembered forever in the story. of Hindi films.
Many of the young people today are living in unemployment, but they don't want to train or do their own jobs because they don't like them for many reasons.
Nongstoiñ, June 5: The lack of proper footpaths in some of the roads in Nongstoiñ, has caused a lot of trouble to the community especially to the children and school children, especially those who do not know how to think about their lives when they walk to school.
“It's time for my father to go and see if they have returned,” said Bah Shanbor.
Shillong, Lber 16: The Leader of the Opposition Dr Donkupar Roy on Tuesday said that the government's expectation to provide adequate education should go hand in hand with the adequate salary of teachers.
On this occasion, Bah Marbud came to support the MLAs of the VPP under the leadership of Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit as President along with three MLAs of the party and office bearers who came to sit in front of the meeting. you can park near the Additional Secretariat.
He said the Government has allocated an additional Rs 10 crore for this scheme.
Mawpat's Kenstar Khonglam was sent off and this strengthened Umsning until Kit Nonglait scored again in the 54th minute but Mawpat managed to take the lead in the 79th minute. minutes to Tyngshain Marboh.
And he shall make a covenant with many; in the middle of that month he will take away the sacrifices and grain offerings (of Israel).
A photograph on Krishna Mohan Uppu's Twitter account shows that he was banned from attending the Republic Day celebrations.
“The search is ongoing,” she said after the Cabinet meeting.
As part of the promotion of the 2Sohra International Half Marathon 2023, which will be held on 30th November 2023, it is an event approved by the Athletic Federation of India.
With this victory, Shillong Lajong have improved six points from their last four games, and are now sixth in the table and will prepare to face Delhi FC on Tuesday. (22nd November) at 2 pm at SSA Stadium, Shillong.
Thus we are living in the last days and we are the inheritance that will see the rise of the Tree of Life (Israel).
Deiniwan Lyngdoh President KSU Wapung Unit gave speeches on how to protect the environment and preserve the trees.
Shillong, Jymmang 19 : U National General Secretary of the BJP, Rituraj Sinha, on Tuesday questioned the increase in the wealth of politicians in the state despite the fact that the state is the lowest in terms of income per capita. per capita income in the country as a whole.
Imphal: The residence of Union Minister of State for External Affairs, RK Ranjan Singh has been set on fire in Kongba, Manipur. violence.
Students who have reached the target are requested to submit their names along with copies of marksheets, EPIC/or EPIC of parents and mobile numbers at the office of the Sub- Divisional Officer (Civil), Mairang on or before 18th June,
Earlier, there were 39 cases of the disease and this too was from foreigners.
Speaking as the chief guest, Alfond Kharsyntiew, General Secretary of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) Central Body, expressed his pleasure to be able to participate in such a meeting in collaboration with their departments. Government Offices of South West Khasi Hills District who have been a source of encouragement and support through explanations to the farmers on many issues that the farmers should know.
A total of 31,344 people have been diagnosed with rhinocerebral palsy and the death toll has risen to 3,129, Health Minister Harsh Vardhan said.
He said that the intention of the state government to set up the police station is to provide peace to these villages, but as it is, there is no basis.
What is more special is that India, which is now fighting to become the leading country in chess, will start from India before reaching other countries of the world where they will be able to hold the tournament. this is a kind of chess game.
From Mairang, the celebration has spread across the country, where various Sengbhalang have taken their part to celebrate such a day, in which the sign of the celebration It is to place flowers on the statues or monuments erected in the name and honor of Syiem Tirot Singh.
It also aims to take measures to conduct trained education in its respective fields and attract talented children from this area.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jowai Unit on 16th June, 2013, has raided foreigners who earn money at Ïawmusiang, Jowai. required documents.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: St. Margaret School, Laitumkhrah, Shillong has sold the wrong book, according to the order of the MBOSE, according to an order issued on 13th June,
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Sengkmie today confirmed the office bearers of the Women's Wing of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF). Hall located at Umeit Village, Ri Bhoi District.
The Meghalaya Athletics Association (MAA) will hold a selection ceremony for the 34th East Zone Junior Athletic Championship 2023 on the 16th of this month at 7 pm at SAI, STC, Shillong.
When you look at the farmland these days, it is very beautiful, because the farmland where they grow motors has been covered with small trees to plant, but the farmland where they grow other crops like kajor, muli, sohlakum and others are all around.
Sd/-Thomas PassahVice President KHNAMCentral Executive Committee.
However, MRB Umkiang has not been able to provide network services to the public.
“However, in view of the State Budget and the need to establish a good foundation for these visits, it has been decided that from now on, the foreign visits of Heads of State Government including contract workers will be “It's only twice in one fiscal year,” he said.
These trucks were identified as ML04A/6050, ML04/8897, DL1/3549, ML04A/7765 and ML04C/0300 while four drivers were also arrested. There are Dkhars and many others.
It is to be recalled that this incident happened on the 21st of November this year.
The protest will show the government to express its opposition to its plan to auction to foreign companies.
He said these drinks may contribute to the high incidence of fractures and tooth loss among those elite football players.
Teams of Saitsama OP and Nartiang PS led by Officers in Charge have arrived at the village. MDC Barato Mukroh Aibor Shadap and MDC Mynsngat Khanduli Dawan Lyngdoh have arrived at the village after receiving information from the residents. don't work on this road.
At present, the party has been blowing strongly for the past few months and it has started from the urban areas of Nongstoiñ.
Conrad said the Meghalaya government has discussed with Amit Shah the root causes of the conflict, which has been raging in these areas since ancient times. border.
There are no opposition parties in the Dorbar Shnongs but only advisors in the Dorbar Shnongs and if the government conducts an election for the Rangbah Shnong, the political party will enter the Dorbar Shnongs and destroy the society. society and will destroy our customs and traditions, because our customs and traditions are unwritten.
This condition of the area has made it difficult for foreigners to visit the area, and has led to the decline in tourism in the area.
Informing about these information, Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, said that the Government has not taken or forced anyone to take the right medicine but has requested. and if the people do not want to give the tika, it is their own will.
Foreign parties have been watching us in Meghalaya and trying to create many ways and means to destroy the homes of the national parties.
Shillong: Many of the youths are filled with anxiety to think about the job they will do and how that job will help them to shape their future. to the extreme.
“The coal that has been mined since 2014 will be released as soon as it is closed,” said Dr. Mukul.
The results will be announced on the 10th of this month.
On the same day, the MLA also distributed jerseys to the youths of Umshor Umshor, Mawlai Umthlong for their football tournament.
Besides the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, EMs including Fantin Lakadong, Alvin Sawkmie, Ministers of Mylliem Hima, Vice Chairman of NITI AYOG and others were also present.
Some of these words are:Fresh which means freshCompare (compar) – CompareExperience (experians) – Not drunkFlop- (flop) means Bijai or drugs – not mut A type of aphin or drugsSchool – doesn't mean The household teaches writing teaches readingDraw – doesn't mean Point point- doesn't mean tduh, mat, thew, dorthongSpell (spell) ). Narsuh, nardungDot (dot) doesn't have a small seed.
The death toll has risen to 66 with two deaths yesterday.
The employees of the District Council have refused to issue the documents on the grounds that they have not been able to issue the documents until the budget has been introduced in the House.
In foreign countries such as the United States, CC is quarantined for 2 lakh kilometers.
Bah Bipul said that during his tenure as leader of the Kyrdem Kulai Unit there were many shortcomings but he did not point out those shortcomings of the party but the cooperation is important and he is one of them. He has been the longest serving leader of the party since 1999 when he took over as a member of the party.
“The DFO has requested time to inspect and remove the illegal immigrants,” the statement said.
The NIRF has found that the highest education institution in the country is the Indian Institute of Technology Madras followed by the Indian Institute of Science, Indian Institute of Technology Delhi, Indian Institute of Technology Bombay, Indian Institute of Technology Technology Kanpur, All India Institute of Medical Sciences, Delhi, Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur, Indian Institute of Technology Roorkee, Indian Institute of Technology Guwahati, Jawaharlal Nehru University, among others.
It is worth mentioning that since yesterday, the Assam Police have banned all Assam vehicles from entering Shillong for the safety of the people of Assam. They were able to go to Guwahati.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the state government has directed all the DCs to ensure that there is no exploitation by the traders of the consumers and has also directed to strengthen the The District Monitoring Committee should visit the market.
“During the Congress rule, the same party was in power in Assam and the Congress (UPA) was in power in Delhi.
The Wahiajer Stadium, Jowai is another major project which is scheduled to be opened in July
Bihar, who scored 73 runs for the loss of three wickets in the second innings, led Meghalaya by 170 runs.
How many of them can stand,” asked Bah Wahlang.
The Chief Minister of Manipur, who was also present at the ceremony, inaugurated a road at the National Games Village in Imphal West District under the name MC Mary Kom Road. She won the 51-kg flyweight category after defeating Busenaz Cakiroglu of Turkey in the semi-finals.
The Exodus of the Israelites from Egypt and the appearance of the Ten Commandments from God took place in the years 1446 BC – 1225 BC. until Jesus came into the world.
However, they did not hesitate and went ahead to complete their registration at the Covid-19 hospital in the city.
“You (Congress) are equal in corruption to the BJP,” said the leaders of the two women.
The Governor of Meghalaya, said that he does not have a house, but will live on his own when he retires from his post as Governor.
In the past few months, the party leadership has asked me, but I have expressed my happiness over her arrival,” he said.
If you don't know the law, this won't happen.
These fruits can also be used to make healthy beverages, such as wine in Europe and beer in Germany.
Speaking on the government's interference in the Khaddar administration which falls under the jurisdiction of the District Council, Bah Bindo said, “This government does not want to maintain peace and order. one and another," he said.
He accused the ruling National People's Party (NPP) and the ruling BJP of not being able to solve the problem.
“I don't know what to do, I just remembered, I took my father's mobile and wrote in the group of the Press Club that he is gone,” said his son.
The clashes resulted in stone throwing and fighting and the burning of two houses.
In this regard, the Sordar of Raid Lyting has sent a letter of objection against the illegal implementation of this fencing which is against the will of the people and the land owners of this Raid.
Kong Lyngwa also congratulated the winners and said that it is a tough struggle to get 75% pass and encouraged them not to stop there. but that their journey is still long.
Man City can keep their top spot if they beat Leeds United at home on Saturday.
The Minister in his speech said that sports cannot be held without the supporters and encouraged all those who attended the event to give their support and encourage their teams to win. whether they win or lose.
He said that there are about 70 different schemes of Modi and he promised that if he wins he will provide all these schemes to the people, as well as improve and beautify these places to develop the country. The tourism industry and even the Behdieng Khlam religious site in Tuber village, the Lympung Aitnar, will be built as a stadium. “If the leaders who have left, if they get seats, they will recognize only their brothers,” said Bah Chyrmang.
“The reason why they have turned into syntiew farmers is because they have lost their income due to the NGT ban on coal mining.
“There is nothing like that to be approved by the Academic Council,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, Bah PT Sawkmie said, “This is the time when parents have to pay school fees for their children before getting the results. Christmas and New Year so if the day laborers or especially those domestic workers cannot go to work just because there is no peace, how much will it affect them and how can they get money to pay? the bicycle is the child's hand"
Nagaland scored the first goal in the 88th minute but Meghalaya failed to score.
The date of submission of the forms will be on 6/5/2023 and all those who have received the forms in the past months are requested to send them to these shops.
So the young man asked the king, “O king, shall I try alone?” They all laughed and said, “Will you try, my son?” But the princess forced the father to let the child go.
Earlier, the bill had been sent to the State Government, but it has sent it back to the Council.
The Cash Awards are a one-time payment of Rs 75 lakh for the Olympic gold medalists.
He said that all the branches of the NFNS will send their leaders to Delhi to remind the Government of India of this demand.
World Physiotherapy Day is a day to commemorate physiotherapists for their contribution to health and independence.
From trade, inheritance, religion and to the rule of law.
The body of the deceased was taken to Ampati Civil Hospital morgue for post-mortem examination.
The group “ka Lawei ba phyrnai” has written a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, admitting that he is a member of the party. The union is a union of teachers who have thrown away their turbans and used AK 47 rifles.
Shillong, March 21 : The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC), Bah Vincent H Pala, on Tuesday said that he is ready to welcome back the former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma.
He said that so far there are 602935 people who have registered for Aadhaar out of 30 lakh residents in the state.
After the march, a meeting was held and all the speakers strongly condemned this unacceptable incident in the society.
Speaking at the meeting after they did not have the opportunity to stand and enter the Secretariat, Save Hynniewtrep Mission Leader, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said, Save Hynniewtrep Mission today is only the beginning. and from now on, they will intensify their protests, because they have been tired and tired of being deceived, such as the investigation into Bah Cherish, the Inner Line Permit which they passed in the Assembly, the corruption in the Social Department. Welfare, Saubhagaya scheme, smart meter, cross-border construction and the Sam border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Therefore, let the hearing of this case be held again in three months.
I believe that before we talk about the extermination of people who give birth to their fathers, we must first find out the reason and what has caused our nation to decline to such an extent? What is more terrible is that we will soon become one of the states in the North East which have become slaves to our own country and nation.
He said that the Council does not agree with the Village Council and Municipal Council, as this is against the Constitution of the Khasi Hills and on this the Council demands that they should recognize them. Dorbar Shnong as recognized by the Constitution of India.
Other sisters of Katdilia who died were Synran Khonglah, 16, and Lapynshai Khonglah, 28. Two of Katdilia's sisters are undergoing treatment and 7-year-old Dimah Gashnga, son of Morison.
Reports and explanations on the implementation of G20 policies encourage non-G20 countries to use technology, innovation and digital services to promote financial inclusion.
This is all possible because everyone works together as a team.
On my part, I would like to promise only this one thing that I will not misuse your empowerment as an MLA, but I promise that I will work hard physically and mentally and keep my job. “For 5 years we have elected you to be our leader in the Assembly but the sad thing is that you have not been elected to be in the ruling or opposition. If you don't get support for your demands in the Assembly, I'm surprised because you're not on anyone's side.
Let's see what happens after 1000 years.
Shillong, November 03: “If anyone is a hearer of the word and not a doer, he is like a man who looks at a tree in a mirror,” James: 1:2 The 10th Annual General Meeting of the Union of Catholic Women of Shillong Archdiocese held at Mawbri, Zone VII on Tuesday.
According to sources, the 18-year-old student was found dead from his own residence on the 10th floor on January
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 1629 active cases in the state.
However, this is not the case because many political parties have come to express their views without any evidence.
In the evening, they also held a mombati lighting ceremony at Malki Square to express their condolences on the killing of Bah Harpish Nongbri.
The products will also be used during Christmas and other festive occasions.
Education, knowledge, understanding, skills, clean thinking, truth, and foundation, have all disappeared from the minds of the voters at the time of electing the leader because people have spoken. currency.
Besides, Bah Paul said that the officers who go to study cannot take leave or leave their jobs, but they have to work and study at the same time without interrupting their work.
It is better to check to see if there are any mistakes here and there.
Thus the 7 heads represent 7 kings of the earth. 10 colors mean 10 kingdoms.
Bah Lyngdoh said he had invited the MMSA to the room to talk to them and also to ask questions about their opposition to the promotion of specialist doctors.
This means that it is a suggestion to the government that if necessary they can pass it into law, but they have to take the decision of the people of the country.
The soldiers are still looking after the youths and they will be quarantined for 14 days after which they will be sent home, the report said.
The Gospel Concert Cum Jumble Sale will open at Syngku from 9 pm, at noon there will be performances by various groups and at 5 pm there will be a song by the Shillong Worship Team.
Last month, Mamata Banerjee had visited the state and launched the We Card scheme for women. has received more than three lakh registrations.
The members should be submitted to the Executive Committee before being appointed and the ethnic groups in the Council include Pnar, Khasi, War, Bhoi, Biate and Hmar.
Khliehriat Lber 24: Members of the Jaintia Students Movement Eastern Region under the leadership of the President, Mr. Wellson.
Sampath Kumar, IAS, said that there are more than 7,000 villages which are located in remote areas and it is difficult for mothers with two children. to reach health facilities, such as PHC/CHS and there are also cases, where some mothers, who urgently need treatment, do not find adequate doctors for their diseases. have.
There is something wonderful inside her that makes her think that if she finds only a mountain of people for the sake of the world, why can't she do a little for God?
Shillong Lajong's performance in the I-League this season has been a challenge for them so far as they have lost lynter and are now at the bottom of the points table among all the teams in the league. this is the group.
They use their power to fulfill their desires.
The purpose of this visit is to connect the party members and leaders”.
Therefore, this number of cases is only 77 according to the census provided by themselves and all the information about these people is available with us here from the phone numbers and we are continuing to monitor them. There are no problems faced by them whether it is accommodation, education, accommodation or any other problems to be reported to ensure that they can live in peace and harmony.
Hercules said that on the 11th of this month, the Nepalis came to dig on the land of Ribon Mukhim who lives in Sabuda and they came by force without asking permission from the owner. and they also threatened the owners of the land.
"The people of Sohiong now say that we don't need to elect other parties, we will elect Bah Samlin directly to the NPP, if we elect others they will also support the NPP," he said. state.
Since the foundation of the Jaintia Hills in 1500 AD, the Labang Nangphyllut District has been ruled by the Jaintia Kings and has fallen under the Jaintia Hills.
The burning of hills and rivers kills and destroys not only plants, but also kills insects in the soil that help to fertilize the soil and also destroys fish, she said. kong Because.
Jeanne M. Hogarth explains the power of financial literacy:.
" The lawyer said, "It's Sir.
During the search, 200 boxes of soap containing drugs were recovered from the vehicle.
The meeting was held at St John Bosco Secondary School in Nongkroh Rambrai. The meeting was conducted by Bah RG Nongsiej, Secretary Rambrai Zone. The Sordar of Nongkroh, Sordars of other villages and party office bearers from Muliang zone, along with other leading party leaders including Bah Kotbor Warjri, Bah B.Syiemlieh , the public including the women and youth of Rambrai area.
They were arrested from Hynniewmer and three quarter liters of petrol were seized from their vehicle. They admitted to being members of the KSU, said SP Mariahom Kharkrang.
Shillong: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum, former Member of Parliament of Meghalaya, from North Shillong Constituency, has joined the Voice of the People Party (VVP). Polo and today, the VPP leadership announced the name of Bah Adelbert Nongrum, as the party's candidate for the 17-North Shillong constituency in the upcoming elections.
Shillong, March 25: Meghalaya have once again continued their unbeaten run in the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy 2023 T20 after beating Haryana by five wickets. This is the Sunday in Jaipur.
Thaiñthynroh, July 22: The Lamlynti Village Organisation, Thaiñthynroh, which includes 15 Self Help Groups (SHGs), celebrated its 10th Anniversary on July 22,
Jowai, June 20: The Deputy Commissioner & Chairman of the Regional Transport Authority, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai has authorized the Regional Transport Authority, Jowai to issue permits for 150 local taxis. for unemployed youth.
Earlier, Russia claimed that only 498 of its soldiers were killed on 2 October
We know that the 59 day break is only to break their service while the work they are doing is continuous.
According to a report by Zenith Sangma, one of the members of the PAC, he said that all the villages and households in the state should have access to electricity in Khasi Hills. Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills.
This year, it was observed that at the Amphitheatre, more dignitaries were invited than the audience.
However, it is surprising that it was only two and a half months after the death of Rev. Thomas Jones that the Government accepted the voluntary resignation of Captain Harry Inglis. These words were confirmed in a letter from the Private Secretary to the Deputy Governor of Bengal.
Shillong: Police have arrested two members of the new party, the Lawei ba phyrnai.
Bangladesh Border Guard (BGB) troops have been on high alert last night after several Hindu temples, shops and workplaces were damaged, the report said. .
It is then that the Church no longer walks according to the teachings of the Bible but according to the will of the people or the faithful of the Church.
“I want to be with a party that needs my services, if they don't need me I will sit alone, I will contest as an independent candidate, I am a politician and I have not retired from politics. I need to provide service and I will have to look to the party that needs me,” he said.
You want to sleep early in the morning when you come home from your work, but you don't want to do that, because you are ashamed that you will be called a willing person.
Johnson is one of the richest actors in Hollywood, second only to George Clooney.
It has been a blessing in the long run.
“Furthermore, this project will also create employment opportunities for the youth of these two states and will also bring about brotherhood among the different ethnic groups.
At present, in the case of goats, we don't see that goats have been imported from abroad.
At the same time, Bah Process urged the Government led by Dr Mukul Sangma to think again on the demand of the Sengbhalang to implement the ILP. Their struggle and that they should not rest, be afraid or be afraid until they have received the fruit of victory.
It is expected that this year more than 300 shooters from all these states will participate in various categories of the Championship.
