This comes after the two schools won the final match which was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh Jowai on Tuesday.
However, there are still villages which are still facing the deterioration of roads or the lack of paved roads.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah D.Nongbri said that 52 players have been transferred from the old clubs to the new clubs so far.
This is the shop of Bah Khlaiñbor Kharpan from Mawmih-Shiliang Um village and he took over this shop from Bah Standing Pyngrope from Smit Mawmluh village.
Shillong, Nai Tung 3: MPCC President DD Lapang today met with AICC President Sonia Gandhi in New Delhi.
Nagaland were scored by Pursunep and Thulunso Imchunger.
He said that another reason why he joined the UDP is because he sees that the party puts forward the welfare of the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep.
Meanwhile, Lumpyrtuh Sec School beat Ummulong Presbyterian H/S School 2-1
On the 17th, the 355th anniversary of the death of Woh Tep Kyndait who was assassinated by the Syiem of Jaintia Pur on the 17th January 1669 will also be commemorated. Tep Kyndait, he is a man of honor, he is also a man of patriotism, he is also a man of courage, he is also a man of strength who has fought against the foreigners who have come to “On the other hand, the Seiñ Raij calls upon all the children of Hynniewtrep to join the Pnar region,” said the statement. Come together on this day because it will be a great and sacred day, a day of remembrance for all the children of the Bri u Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum, the children of the Raij Tuber.
The Government has lost its revenue.
We hope that there will be more candidates who will contest this important election in the country.
Besides providing parking spaces, land vendors can also be provided with space so that they too have the right to live together.
Pyniaid said there are 800 employees of KHADC and the salary is paid from 60 percent of the minor mineral resources and the state government takes 40 percent.
This has affected the development works in urban and rural areas as well and it should not happen if the State has a strong Village Administration.
Shillong, July 29: The CSWO has strongly opposed the government's plan to extend the term of office of DGP Rajiv Mehta despite his retirement age.
,but to promote the rich and.
“Mukul Sangma told HDR to resign first so that they would be afraid that they would follow him as Minister, then he told Ardent to follow him.
Speeches were also delivered by the MDC, BDO, Lyngdoh of Sohiong who congratulated the village officials and urged the people to take good care of the ground.
Kharjahrin said the party congratulates the Chief Minister and the Government Ministers who have visited the ILP and the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule of the ILP. Constitution of the country and on the border dispute and the amendment of the provisions of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
If the price is T.40 per kilo, the people have to pay T.22 per kilo and if it is lower, they still get T.22 per kilo and if the price is higher, they have to pay more.
A 9mm pistol, bullets and a mobile phone were also handed over to him, police said.
He said that when the Jaidbynriew is strong, there are forces who try to use various methods to win the war and how to destroy it.
The growth of factories has stopped, except for the growth of the country.
Therefore, they also warned that Russia could do something if it could no longer fight against Ukraine from these areas where it had started to turn from the beginning.
In Ri Bhoi district it is 38 per cent, in South West Khasi Hills 78 per cent, in West Khasi Hills 70 per cent and East Jaintia Hills 65 per cent.
On the other hand, the Student Union of the school said that in fact as the school principals should have explained in words and also informed the students in advance about the dress code.
Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, Archbishop of the Diocese of Shillong will be the chief guest at the consecration ceremony, in the presence of all the Bishops of the North East.
In 2007, she led her fellow citizens to oppose the government to hold a public hearing in Domiasiat.
This electricity shortage has caused the people to lose their ability to watch the World Cup, especially during the mid-year examinations of school children.
Readyonstone Nongrum, General Secretary of the KSU Lawsohtun Unit and a member of the Laban Circle, was arrested along with Shemphang Nongkynrih, a member of the KSU.
"In the past few months, there has been a meeting of the Seng Khihlang in Pnar where one of its office bearers, strongly criticized, “Those Hynniewtrep elders who marry Hynniewtrep women should be punished. who shimmering shalade.
The main trainings on the day were how to inform the relevant authorities and how to assist in extinguishing the fire and how to provide first aid until the injured are taken to hospitals and other emergency relief measures for refugees affected by such incidents.
The General Secretary of Amlarem Village, Ma D Talang, said that the Village Council would like to express its gratitude to the SDO Civil Sub-Division, Amlarem Village Council, Amlarem Village Council and all the participants. the cleansing of the city.
Shillong: The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, has strongly criticized the BJP for creating religious and ethnic differences for political gain.
"I asked the French president if there was a secret agreement, but he denied that there would be such an agreement and told me that he had no problem making the agreement public," Rahul said.
“It is near” Revelation 22:10, as soon as the Third Temple was built in Jerusalem through the Peace Treaty between Israel.
Meanwhile, the CEM said that he had met with the Minister of District Council Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh on Tuesday to urge him to urge the government to pass the Village Administration Bill. , 2014 which is still in force.
Ma Bewill Shylla, former President of Seiñraij Tuber, read out a letter submitted by Seiñraij Tuber to the Chief Minister in 2019 requesting for the construction of a Public Viewing Gallery. Museum and Cultural Centre.
This strengthens them and relieves them of some of the diseases that often catch them when they are young.
The rooms are reserved for those who come from abroad while those who come from within the state are reserved only for those who come and go from the state by the Manager of the Film Festival.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that all the allegations raised by the BJP will be discussed at the MDA co-ordination meeting. The committee will meet on the 26th of this month.
In the incident, the house of Tngen Khongji, which was nearby, was also badly damaged.
Nongpoh, July 05 : U Bah AL Hek, Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, while speaking at a function to celebrate the Environment Day at Umtrew, said that if we as residents take responsibility for the destruction of the environment, plant one tree. Even if it is a birthday, it will bring about a change in the environment, not just on the 5th of July.
Police from the Excise Department also seized drugs from his shop.
Another Muktiar who led the other side said that the shortage of electricity is due to the failure of one of the power plants in Tripura and the Meghalaya government does not have the opportunity to buy electricity from other power plants. source.
The reason is that the UDP has only 9 MLAs in the 60-member Assembly. Some NPP leaders said that the MDA government has 48 MLAs, including 23 MLAs. NPP, 9 UDP, 1 Associate Member, 4 PDF, 2 HSPDP, 2 BJP, 1 NCP, 5 Congress and 1 Independent .
However, the man replied to his wife that it was not her fault, so she should not be afraid but should inform her brother immediately.
Lumiawmushai Shangpung beat Sabahmuswang 1-0 in the Super Division tournament of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday.
The Central Government has delayed the release of funds for the implementation of the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (NREGS) in the State.
Shillong: U Bah Hamlet Dohling, Leader of the BJP, has strongly opposed the statement of Sanbor Shullai, in the past few days, in support of Joshua Warjri, the BJP candidate. I won the election in Shella.
Nongpoh: The students of St. Jude Secondary School and the village of 12mer on the Meghalaya-Assam border in Ri Bhoi District have been delighted to see a The garbage dump has been cleaned up with the special assistance of Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA of the NPP. of Orange.
Shillong, July 9: The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat, on Tuesday announced that all offices, courts and schools in the district will be closed on the 11th July of the celebration of the Festival of Renewal of Life, at Saipung Village.
On Saturday, the Rangbah Shnong has convened a meeting to discuss the government scheme and the RTI received by one of the residents, Peter Kharmuti.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the district councils should implement the rules laid down by MUDA because the wish of the people is that the areas under the Sixth Scheduled should be looked after by the district councils, not by the district councils. He said that so far only two district councils, KHADC and JHADC, have submitted their housing laws but there is a need for a uniform housing law to be implemented by all districts. council because the most important thing is to build strong and safe houses especially in this state, which is the path of the earthquake.
In South West Garo Hills District, although the POCSO Court has been opened since 2017, no cases have been heard.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, said that the state needs to have its own university in the state, so that it will be of real benefit to those youth who want to to pursue higher studies.
, 62.31% of the state, Garo 668930 which is 37.69% of the population of the state.
Renault and Honda have employed only foreign workers while locals have been given only jobs, where the union cannot accept such jobs for locals. try country.
Regarding these questions and issues, the union is deeply saddened by the violence by the officers of MeECL and M/s Satnam Global Infrastructures Company, who have violated the rules and regulations. government.
“The celebration will be to explain to the people the schemes of the central government in the last three years and the benefits to the people,” said Bah Shibun.
“It is the goal of the BJP to ensure that the last man, the poorest, to be uplifted and empowered first.
Jowai, Naiwieng 17: The public meeting of the Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12 Daloi will be held on the 6th November at 11 am at the party headquarters in New Hill, Jowai.
This comes after an advisory issued by the Board of Cricket Control of India (BCCI) found that the player had violated the CoC of Conduct of the tournament. playing.
KMC FC opened the scoring in the 13th minute through Robert Khongjoh but in the 25th minute Blue Bomber's scored the first goal. Basuk Bina scored the second goal in the 33rd minute through Stephan Pale.
On the other hand, East Khasi Hills won the gold medal in the 81 kg category through Edegar Benneth Jana with 140 points.
It will be decided by the voters of Sohiong who will win on the 10th June 2023 which is the polling day to elect their MLA.
At the invitation of US President Joe Biden and First Lady Jill Biden, Modi will visit the United States from July 21 to
We would like to thank Deekhit Bhattacharyya for his assistance in the preparation of this article.
However, with this decision, it was clarified that the party will no longer contest from this constituency.
Israeli troops reportedly destroyed a camp in Shati, Gaza.
It is for this reason that hundreds and thousands of young people of Bri U Hynniewtrep have gone to study and work abroad.
In another incident, Vicky Singh complained that on July 1, at 7 pm, someone threw a petrol bomb at his shop at Punjabi Lane in Mawlonghat and the shop was damaged. The loss has reached T.3,70,0
Dumka (Jharkhand): U Narendra Modi, Prime Minister of India, today said that it is the opposition parties that are causing various problems in the country these days.
Only four VPP stars have been nominated for this election because it is too late to be recognized by the Election Commission and to announce the victory of Prah who tried to stay in office for a while. week.
Rev Sohliya also launched the Souvenir of the District Youth Assembly and its Youtube Channel.
Even before the law, there are some places where men, brothers or sisters have the power to seize the land of their brothers, sisters or daughters.
Two persons have died and 319 people have been admitted to GMCH on Saturday.
Furthermore, the KHADC officer expressed his surprise at the announcement issued by the KHADC on 3rd November, 2015 inviting applications from ACFOs for the post of At the same time, a personal interview was called on the 12th of November.
Therefore, the laws such as Benami Laws, Trading Licenses and especially the Land Transfer Act should be strictly and accurately implemented.
That it is not possible to send all the teachers on duty but only a few of them from each school because it affects the education of the children especially as it takes months.
He explained how to raise fish, what are the difficulties of raising fish, how to grow fish, how to preserve fish and how to market fish at a reasonable price.
Your brother does not know good and evil as you do.
When asked whether Premson Makdoh will contest from Umsning, one of the HSPDP Ri Bhoi leaders, said that the party will soon contest from Umsning. They want any candidate they nominate to reach the goal of victory, but it is understood that Bah Premson Makdoh will be the candidate of the HSPDP from Umsning Constituency.
Now even the poor people in Delhi will be able to drink clean water,” Kejriwal said.
The decision to suspend the strike was taken today, July 1, 2023 at 4 pm after the State Government approved the appointment of an Expert Committee to consider before making a new arrangement. the share of employment in the state.
No written interview or personal interview is required but once approved the job is already in hand and the salary is also without any discrimination.
According to police sources, the man named Sengjon Ch Sangma, 25, is mentally retarded and shot dead his mother. .
The program was enriched by the Pynter Orchestra and speeches by the officers.
Kundra was arrested on Tuesday night and is said to have been involved in the production of pornography.
When he got up, he couldn't fight anymore and the sumo hit the woman and she died, while another woman who was hit by the nar was injured.
Kyrmen said this in reply to a question by Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit.
Until now, people are still waiting for government jobs.
The bodies were found from this place, after a fire broke out from the house and the residents immediately informed the village authorities of Umsawli village.
Shillong: Meghalaya has been one of the states in India which has been severely affected by the second wave of Covid-19 in which tens of thousands of residents of the state have been infected. Hundreds of people have lost their lives in this disease and tens of thousands of people have recovered from this disease.
Since the Bible alone gives us all the things we need to lead us to eternal life and godliness (II Pet 1:3), then going beyond its teaching will produce judgment on the day of judgment (John 12:48-50).
When billions of rupees have been spent to hold the Meghalaya Games, the athletes have been accommodated in such places where even the animals cannot sleep.
Mooknor won the tie breaker 5-3
However, he said that in this recent incident, the BSF did not want to release him until he had to go to the police station.
After the thanksgiving, the youths came forward to play the Lumpaid ksing.
Speaking to the farmers, the Minister said that the government has allocated Rs 121 crore for this mission in the next three years which will include the construction of land to produce more products from sying, training as well as how to market the products produced from sying.
He said that 10 months ago, the Congress had trained the District Presidents and Block Presidents and we told them to speak with dignity and as it is the National Election they should know them. The wishes and aspirations of the Congress to help the farmers, to help the government employees, to help the youth, to help the women and to help the students and so on.
Therefore, we expect that the two states will prepare the names of the villages that should go from Meghalaya to Assam and those that should come from Assam to Meghalaya.
Shillong, June 26: The Meghalaya Talent Search Organization (MTSO) will soon hold the North East's Specially Abled Talent (India) Season-1 dance and others.
Minister Duh said this was no small victory.
This happened at about 7 pm, when a militant with firearms, entered the area and started shooting.
Rhythm: rhythm - the rhythm of the song, song or music.
After that, another T.1 lakh was seized from Ampati on Sunday.
Only the unwavering Pyrla of the Law can extinguish the flames of evil that lead to the taking of the Law into one's own hands.
The court's order came after four chief ministers appealed to the court against the border demarcation between Assam and Meghalaya.
In this regard, the Mawprem Parish Pastoral Council invites everyone to join hands on this day.
Conrad said the cooperation between the state government and the KHA DC has been for the safety of the Council and its activities.
The four candidates include Gabriel Wahlang from Nongstoin, Srally Rashir from Mawshynrut and Samla Bajop S. Pyngrop from Rambrai Jyrngam constituency.
The residents said that although the road leading to Patharkhmah is good, they are still afraid that the Lailad bridge will be damaged if trucks are allowed to pass along with their loads. which weigh only 9 tonnes due to the overloading of trucks.
Mizoram, has been hit by an earthquake on Sunday and Tuesday as well, in which many houses and buildings have been destroyed by the force of the earthquake.
Jowai, Jymmang 26: As part of the protection of the environment to avoid the impact of the rivers, streams and parts of the Mynkrem and Myntdu rivers which are the source of water for the in Jowai.
However, police said that when they asked the owner of the shop, his answer was not clear and sometimes he answered one way and sometimes another.
At the end of the Christmas Week, Bah Lansius Syiemlieh, who was the chief guest, Bah Stensil Mawlong, Rangbah Shnong of Sohkyndur and many other elders of the area.
The MCTA has also learned that the Principals have been ready to implement the DHTE's order. However, it is surprising that some DHTE officers have phoned the Principals not to pay the fees. This is the allowance of the teachers.
The Congress has already told Verma not to make such remarks against Yadav, and many of his remarks, it may be recalled that Verma has also accused that there is something behind it. Shillong, November 2: The Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA) has held an emergency meeting on the 1st of this month at CTE (PGT) College, Shillong. At this meeting, issues related to the Association were discussed.
On the 5-8-2019, the said team started from Shillong at 11:00 a.
He said that he came to carry the placard in the ground floor of the MLA's residence because during the elections he and the MLA had already raised the demand to increase the number of jobs for Khasi. .
Banri said the MLA has purchased 13,000 food items such as plates, cleaners at the price of T.500 each and the total cost is T.50.50 lakh. 851 people, and 12250 plates are still missing.
On the same day, HANM also sent back 14 foreigners who do not have labor licences.
Lincoln, who received 13 votes, defeated Sammie, who was a slave.
“I have worked for the welfare of the party and I have also worked to raise the values ​​of the party since I joined in
The training program was also attended by DC Garod LSN Dykes IAS, ADCs, Add.
Regarding the fight against the disease, the Rangbah Shnong said that the villages have worked together 100 percent and said, “Until now, we have not received any assistance and we have not asked for any assistance. and the government has not yet proposed.
When asked, the General Secretary said that the registration of members of the party will be in all 60 constituencies.
Today, Shillong Lajong will play against Ryntih.
On the allegation by the Opposition, he said it is the duty of the Opposition to accuse the government.
He said that the people of the state should remember to turn back to the works that this leader of the nation has taught.
The following guidelines should be followed regarding the erection of Puja Pandals:
Meanwhile, Langsning SC has lost in both the last two games of the SPL season. They have lost their precious youth, whether they are men or women, they have lived in happiness and sorrow, they have forgotten their homes. They have forgotten their homes, just like those horses that have left their homes, and when they have escaped, they do not know when they will return to their homes.
Also present on the occasion were Acting Chief Justice of the High Court T Nandakumar Singh, Symbud to the Chief Minister Rowell Lyngdoh, Government Advisor DD Lapang, Judge of the High Court of Meghalaya, Justice SR Sen and Chief Justice T Nandakumar Singh. Secretary Bah WMS Pariat and others.
Four minutes later, India scored the fourth goal through Amit Rohidas (24').
The KBCC led by its President Deibormi Syad and Working President Piwell Shylla on the 10th of this month met with Ampareen Lyngdoh MLA East Shillong Constituency to submit a petition regarding the shortage of extra assistants. The Khliehriat Block Congress Committee (EAC) has expressed its deep sorrow over the affected people of East Jaintia Hills. There is a shortage of EAC officers in the District and they are unable to perform their duties on time.
We all know that in the last few years the government has already signed a soskular with the Hima Mylliem which means that the government has taken away that land from the Hima Mylliem.
The JSM is opposed to the Citizenship Amendment Bill as it will empower people from Pakistan, Afghanistan and Bangladesh of Hindu, Sikh, Christian and other religions to become Indian citizens.
Therefore, these foreigners are involved in this post and this post which is the job of distributing letters in the villages in West Khasi Hills.
The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) has released the names of the girls who will represent the state in the Junior Girls' National Football Championship (Tier 2).
The BSF also seized the Sari jaiñ while the robbers were smuggling it to Bangladesh from the border.
Kiang's courage to fight against the foreigners who invaded our country.
And when we look at the languages, they differ from one nation to another in that we cannot understand each other.
However, what is more surprising is that the government will take 50 percent while the Group will have to look after all the requirements such as payment of salaries, drivers and other requirements, he said. Let Judah.
The closing ceremony was attended by Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of State as the Chief Guest, MDC Malki-Laitumkhrah Fantin Joseph Lakadong as the Chief Guest and Bless Dkhar President of East Khasi Hills HNYF as the guest of honour. invite.
Bah Kharkongor urged the students not only to be employers but also to be employers to others.
The Seng led by Samla Stevenson Kharkrang as President of Umiam Circle and Samla Banjop Maring as President of Eastern Border Area, after they found this foreigner involved in this illegal act. After the arrest of the foreigner, they handed him over to the Umiam Police Station.
“He said that the goals and visions prepared by the Ministry of Education in the past five years have been implemented in these days.
Shri Sanbor Shullai said that the Citizenship Act 1955 has been amended earlier by the Congress government and the tribal areas have never escaped from the rule of the Congress, but the BJP government under his leadership. Narendra Modi has released these citizens from the Citizenship Amendment Act
Athletic Secretary: Kermi Pasi.
These tattoos have their own for both men and women and the demand is higher for men's tattoos.
Other sources said that the KSU and FKJGP Mawlai unit have met with the FCI officials and requested them to appoint a member of the family of the home guard. His wife is happy because she has to support five children and the youngest is only 3 months old.
He said that it is not clear how Joiba died and the cause of his death will not be known until the post mortem.
One of these is Kong Wanpynhun Kharsyntiew, a woman who not only has served as a youth in the homes of people, but has also led the fight for the rights of domestic workers, mystery workers, office workers. government, employers don't drive cars either.
To do this we have to use our skills and knowledge for our own good.
This action of the government is a violation of the State Reservation Policy.
''I expect within the next hundred years we will be able to travel to anywhere in the Solar System''A super-intelligent AI will be extremely good at accomplishing goals and if those goals aren't aligned with ours we're in trouble .
“I am a citizen who obeys the law of the country and like other citizens of the country, I too have the right to fight for my rights,” she said.
This is what we are talking about now and what we call the new normal.
Police have registered a case under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
Rapbor said that the reluctance of these three parties to join the Sur Bri U Hynniewtrep is because the Sur Bri U Hynniewtrep, itself, still needs many supporters, because they still have to move forward. to move on to another higher level.
A GOOD SPIRITUAL step that I can't wait to PRAY about this.
He said that 98 out of 100 Christians in Nagaland have given their support to the BJP in the MLA elections and the BJP has won and formed the government. 2600 crore to Nagaland for development works and the state government in Nagaland has created 2.50 lakh government jobs.
Puducherry scored the highest SPI rating of 65.99 in the country, which is due to its good performance in all areas such as people's freedom and power of self-determination, shelter, and water and cleanliness.
Ma Rimon Langstang, Secretary of Thwai Salong Village, said that there will also be a fete market on the 27th and 28th June and in the evening the Lucky Draw will be announced on the 28th June
The match on 13.11.2023 will be between Mukhla Raij SC and Mynthong at 1 pm.
“If the answer is not satisfactory, we will consider implementing direct action but the direct action will not affect the market,” he added.
The project at Hawla village is being implemented by the Water Resource Department of Ri Bhoi and the signboard has been erected by Assam under the MGNREGS scheme at Maikhuli village. .
These problems came to light after the research of Samla Ferdinand Marshyllong, a young man with hearing impairment.
Andhra Pradesh has decided that all jobs of private companies or foreign companies should employ up to 75 per cent of the employment of state residents. The Andhra Pradesh Employment Act, 2019, which provides up to 75 per cent shares to State residents in factories, private construction sites and intergovernmental companies and others. of foreign companies.
They also said that as the road is far from the residence to the school and the presence of only 2 buses makes it difficult for them to travel and the lack of hostels nearby, has caused them not to especially young women.
About 95% of women who do chores are happy.
After waiting for this to happen, the Rangbah Shnong and the family went to the Police Station to lodge an FIR.
The incident occurred after the Dorbar Shnong Khanduli banned the Karbi from passing through the village.
When asked about the rehabilitation centers across the state, the Minister said that all the rehabilitation centers across the state are supported and funded by the state government.
Mylliem Constituency MLA, who is also Congress Spokesperson Ronnie V Lyngdoh, said that on the Roster System, it would be better for the government to bring and arrange it at the Cabinet meeting and not in the Legislative Assembly.
The Congress leader said that what they want to hear now is from the Prime Minister to answer especially when this incident happens in the Prime Minister's constituency.
The Executive Member said that as the entire Executive Committee under the leadership of the CEM, they are very pleased with the presence of the farmers.
The group was led by Bah Staising Kharbteng who is the founder of the group in the presence of some of the donors. KSUTyrsad Circle who took part in the donation for these charity works on this day, encouraged others to donate as well. to take the lead in this regard without waiting or expecting others to do anything.
According to the village leader, the victim was a good man and had no evil signs in the village, as he was a man who worked with the villagers. village authorities, especially village authorities.
“I support and agree with these statements of Bah Bindo, one of the UDP leaders, but I don't understand why the UDP stands because its President Dr. Donkupar Roy used to “It's a good idea to speak against the BJP while another senior leader of the party, Bindo, is against it,” said Manstudy.
Grace Mary Kharpuri EM, in charge of Markets, in reply to a question by Bah Lamphrang Blah, said that the KHADC has no intention of setting up a new market. When asked by Bah Karnes Sohshang, the KHADC wants to have markets in all districts, but it depends on the availability of funds.
““I would like to thank all the members of the various executive committees who have worked tirelessly to make this tournament a success.
In this budget, the government has proposed to increase the tax on liquor from 20 percent to 30 percent under the Meghalaya Value Added Tax Act alcohol, beer, and wine are not exported to the state.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on 5th October inaugurated the Shiitake Mushroom and Training Center funded by the Ministry of Tribal Affairs, Ministry of DoNER and the State Government in Upper Shillong in the presence of the Minister of Mushroom. Ministry of Agriculture & Farmers' Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Nailar 13 : The State Government on Thursday issued an order that all government employees in the State including those in PSUs/Boards/Associations/Corporations/Societies owned by the Government should not use social media as it violates Rule 8 of the Meghalaya Services (Conduct) Rules,
Kolkata: Assam Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma and BJP Bengal leader Dilip Ghosh have been shot dead by Trinamool Congress (TMC) workers in West Midnapore district.
It is also the case with Bilkis Bano.
Rohit Shah, who continued to bat from yesterday, tied 132 runs today, tied 68 runs today, 10 runs short of 200 runs.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Former Congress President Rahul Gandhi has strongly condemned the BJP, the RSS and the TMC for their support. Speaking at a Congress rally at Madan Malki which was not as crowded as in other elections when Rahul came to Shillong, the Lok Sabha MP said the BJP is now running and controlling the party. the Parliament, the Election Commission, the Media and other authorities, in order to achieve only its own aspirations and objectives, not those of others.
" “This is one of the problems faced by the state because the health department in the state does not have enough skilled personnel to place in the health centers and they still have to be trained to use these. said Dr Mukul Sangma while inspecting the preparations of West Jaintia Hills District to fight against COVID-1
“The Office wants to ensure that the Motor Vehicle Act is implemented properly in accordance with the provisions of the Motor Vehicle Act, so that it will be a protection for the passengers who use commercial vehicles or private vehicles. “I don't know what happened along the Nh 6,” said Bah Makdoh.
The minister said the government has appointed a magistrate to inquire into these incidents.
The total number of those undergoing treatment is 2,174 and 3,202 have recovered.
The storm is expected to continue for the next two hours and is expected to start at a speed of 142 kilometers per hour and could rise to 180 to 200 kilometers per hour. Mritunjay Mohapatra, in charge of the cyclone warning division of the Indian Meteorological Department, said.
He said he has served the people without salary for 25 years as a volunteer and with salary for 25 years as a leader.
He was placed in a separate room but became unconscious and was placed on a ventilator.
“This shows that they have done illegally based on the decision taken.
The Peace Rally was also attended by people from Manipur living across Meghalaya, the Catholic Women's Union, a public meeting and a blessing by Most Rev Victor. Archbishop of the Diocese of Shillong.
Also the two Australian players; Marnus Labuschagne and Steve Smith are in the top two positions and Pakistan captain is in fourth place.
The State Investigation Agency (SIA) of the Jammu & Kashmir Police on Tuesday conducted raids in several places in the northern parts of Kashmir during the raid. A detailed investigation into the killing of Kashmiri Pandits earlier this year has been conducted, officials of the investigation team said.
Shillong, Nailur 30 : The Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), Shillong unit, today awarded the Best Student Award to the students of SSLC and HSLC. on the 29th of November 2022 at the SoSo Tham Auditorium Shillong.
In the midst of this fierce fight, Kumar managed to win.
In this regard, he said that he also wants to know the reason for the failure to implement.
Shillong, March 19: The High Court of Meghalaya on Tuesday charged the Secretary of Home Affairs with violating the court order for failing to comply with its order to respond to these measures. Those involved in the theft of vehicles have not been arrested or arrested by the police.
It is true that there are some who are still truly following the teachings of Christ, but many have been deceived by the world.
The report, published by North East Now, said that many cows have lumpy skin disease (LSD) and this was quoted from the tweets of a writer. News, Mrinal Talukdar.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Mukul said, “This government has not cared for the poor, the citizens of the state.
The decline in income has affected everyone from employees to consumers, but the AITC has set a target to address these issues.
There are about 7,000 villages in Meghalaya, the state has 7067 ASHA workers, where each village has at least one ASHA worker with the aim of providing quality, efficient and effective health care to the children. people in the countryside.
"Kong Suchiang died while she was still alive.
With her 11th title on the pitch, Swiatek hopes to reach the title again to become the third player to win twice in Madrid-Rome. to follow in the footsteps of Dinara Safina who won in 2009 and Serena Williams in
“Because of the government's silence and negligence, we the people of Sutnga district have decided to rally once again on the 15th of this month to express our opposition to this action of the government. In fact, we had planned to hold this march on the 25th of November but due to the tragic incident that happened at Mukroh, as a sign of condolences to the souls of the deceased, we decided to hold it. The rally has been postponed to the 15th of November,” said the statement.
This promotional run is part of the campaign to encourage runners to take part in the Tawang Marathon, which will be held on the 1st of March this year. Many runners will participate in the marathon to be held in Tawang.
The HYC leader said that the HYC has not rested but is still investigating other people whom it has received information and will continue to seek more information in other districts. Other ethnic groups take advantage of the opportunity to grant the Khasi Schedule Tribe just to develop and expand their trade.
Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash.
Meghalaya has been allocated to send doctors to various parts of India through the Central Pool which has been allocated to the States which do not have their own Medical Colleges.
In the first half, RAWA scored the first goal in the first half while PFR failed to score a goal in the second half. RAWA beat PFR by 1 goal to 0 until the end of the first half.
West Khasi Hills has recorded the lowest attendance of 20% which is a sharp decline from yesterday when the attendance was 75%.
“I express my dissatisfaction and dissatisfaction and from my dissatisfaction, these words come out which I insult the court,” said the CEM. Adelbert said that the reason for his summons was due to his speeches at the meeting held on the 30th of November. judgment.
The opening ceremony was attended by Principal Dr DG Lyngdoh, Assistant Professor MJ Lamare, Assistant Professor DM Shanpru, President JHDCA Paia Lhuid, Adviser JHDCA Ma P Lyngdoh. other other.
Nijjar, the leader of the banned Khalistan Tiger Force (KTF), was killed in Surrey, British Columbia on July 18,
The study was published in Chronobiology International and follows up on a 2002 Finnish twin cohort.
From these foreigners, you can also get advice, learn from them the skills and knowledge that they do the job, but you have to be careful not to be hurt by the scientists. and better than we.
One of the earthquakes before reaching Nartiang.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84394 out of which 82591 have recovered and 1468 have died.
Shillong: On the 10th November 2019, at 2.30 pm, a well collapsed near the house of Vineata Sun, resident of Nong Marboh, Nongrah.
Therefore, these counterfeiters deceived him by saying that the battery was out and needed to be charged before use.
“We also request the farmers to bring Xerox, EPIC and Passbook to collect medicines and we request the office to provide medicines and help us farmers,” said Bah Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh General Secretary HFU WKHD. Nailar, 31: In a statement sent by Bah PB Marngar and other supporters of Bah Kimfa Marbaniang MLA Rambrai Jyrngam, they have expressed their full support to Bah Kimfa Marbaniang MLA Rambrai Jyrngam. Bah Kimfa will contest the NPP MLA election in
On the same day, the outstanding youth of East Jaintia Hills District who have received the degree of Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.
Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District Abhilash Baranwal was the chief guest to witness and inaugurate the tournament in the presence of members and office bearers of EJHDFA and elders of the area.
There are three Baby Leagues including Kashmir United Baby League (Srinagar), Snow Etihad Baby League (Pulwama), and Ladakh Baby League (Leh).
The Magistrate of Assam has directed the Waheh Shnongs of Lapangap and Goanbura of Langkeroi to resolve the issue.
The meeting was to discuss how to bring peace and stability, and to speak for the happiness of the Khasi people living in Bangladesh.
According to the Meghalaya State Commission for Women Act, 2005, the Chairperson, Vice Chairperson, members and officers as well as employees of the Commission are considered as government employees within the meaning of Section 21 of the Indian Penal Code and Section 2 (C ) of the Prevention of of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988.
The President of NSUI, Meghalaya, Bah Bansharailang Pyngrope in his speech said that through the launch of this book, the aim is to improve the road to solve the problems of the students in many areas. .
The issue was first raised by Congress MLA Kamalayakya Dey Purkayastha, who questioned the Assam government for not punishing and doing nothing against Kadu. Assam has sent a letter to Delhi to arrest Pawan Khera for speaking against the Prime Minister.
Therefore, the organization has handed over the donation to the children and in the presence of the elders of the village.
The EC's decision prompted Carmel to rise to the table when CEM Pynshngain N Syiem introduced the Delimitation Bills 2013 in the House today.
The KJP Western Synod has written to the Law Commission strongly opposing the Government of India's plan to implement the UCC. The team investigating the death of Sub Inspector, Bah Pearlystone Joshua Marbaniang, has shown the registers of how much each truck carrying illegal coal will have to pay. that it may handle illegally mined coal, illegally cut timber, and illegally quarried stones.
He said that two of his friends sustained head injuries in the incident and said that the robbers were carrying weapons such as a knife and nar rods.
Once a complaint is lodged, the news will be considered before taking the necessary action according to the provisions of the law.
“We want to be honest and we have made it clear to the Indian government that there are only two ways, one to repeal the Farmers Act, or another way, is to bomb us. We will leave the place and we will gather together,” said the members of the committee.
On the other hand, Bah Lambokstar Marngar, one of the leaders of the KSU, said that his party has asked the government that once the construction of the shopping mall is completed, who else will benefit and whether it will allow The unemployed youth should get the opportunity to work and stand on their own ground, but there is a danger if foreign companies come to set up jobs in shopping malls and It will be a loss to the state residents who should have set up their own businesses in such a mall.
They also urged the new members and leaders to do their job properly as assigned to them, not to take advantage in the name of the party, to be an example to other youngsters to lead. for the sake of the country and the nation.
These rocks spread southward until they meet the mountains of the Nongkhlaw region. These Archaeans were buried or covered by sandstones and phyllites which are the same rocks that we have. to be seen in other parts of the Wilderness.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh expressed his pleasure to take part in this program and congratulated the Minister and all the staff. The Transport Department of the State, for expediting the opening of the DTO office in the district, as part of bringing the Khaddar rule closer to the residents.
The Party has pledged to protect the livelihood of the people who live in the mining industry by improving the mining methods according to the scientific era.
Adjourn – The adjournment of the session in the Legislative Assembly, until the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly has called it again.
Referring to Meghalaya, Chalai said, “Generally speaking, in Meghalaya not all departments are the same, some departments are responsible, others are easy in their working methods.
The Governor said that the construction of the Pasteur Institute, Shillong has started at a cost of T.20 crore under the NEC. The Government of India has also invested heavily in development projects in the state and has received financial assistance through the Tribal Sub Scheme (TSS) for the first time up to T.33 crore allocated by the Ministry. of Tribal Affairs.
Our correspondence from Rupang,as soon as they saw the video, were greatly touched and they felt the need to visit Rupari at his village.
Tomorrow, 19th November, the team along with its leaders will leave the state for the tournament to be held in Tezpur.
There have been seven deaths from COVID-19 and 489 new cases on Sunday.
After they had arranged these things, Hep sent them to Lydia's house, and after they had drunk, they went back to Lydia's house.
“You are now in the U-23 category and you will soon be playing for the senior team,” he said.
Hundreds of young men and women took part in this rally.
However, those who did not have enough money suffered greatly.
During these meetings, Conrad said the implementation of the Roster System was explained.
He said that Meghalaya is one of the states where the youth are willing to take part in the police force.
Tura, July 19: In the Archery category, the final of the Meghalaya Games will be held tomorrow, July 20, at Montfort Center of Education School, Tura.
Pastor Basaiawmoit, who expressed the need for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state, said that if the IPC and CRPC laws created by the British government have been implemented so far, it will be difficult. The ILP is also a law passed by the British Government.
Regarding the expansion gap, he said that it is only a part of the building and there is no danger because the expansion gap has been plastered and because it has been plastered. The plaster will be painted, however, they will also do whatever is necessary to cover the plaster to avoid the appearance of the plaster before opening it to the public. The building is on the road to be maintained by the PWD department, electricity to be provided by the MeECL department, water and others and it is expected that the college will bless the youth of the area, he said. added.
On the other hand, the residents and elders of the area, said that they have said that the Sub Health Center in the village, has made the residents very happy.
In a statement, the Working President of KHNAM, Bah Adilbert Nongrum, said that the KHNAM has urgently demanded to stop those who take advantage of the situation.
What answer shall we receive from Him in the last days? Forward to the Promised Land:- Jesus has prepared a place for those who believe in Him.
All BDOs are urged to explain this to all the villages under their jurisdiction.
In the second innings, Sohra Combine CC failed to tied first and set a target of 163 runs for the loss of six wickets in 20 overs. Orlando Nongbri took two wickets for 32 runs in 4 overs.
The NH-44, now known as NH-6 from Mawryngkneng, has nothing to ask, what happened to this highway? these celebrations are all 50 and
Shortly after, the General Secretary of East Khasi Hills Taxi Drivers, Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa, expressed his surprise that according to the information of the taxi drivers, , he said that the police seize over load vehicles, which distinguishes between over load and over capacity. “If the police say over load, why? “If they say over capacity, there is no law in the Central Motor Vehicles Act which speaks of capacity,” said Jyrwa.
However, why don't you ask other departments to provide quarters to their employees, who are residents of Them Ïew Mawlong, so that they can avoid giving 1.4 acres of land which is the maximum. for the purpose of relocating them,” said Nongrum.
At present, the functions of these offices of KHADC are only to collect the Professional Tax.
The 4ForALL Football Academy (4ForALL) has launched a grassroots level training program for children on the 2nd of this month at Diengïong Village, Mawdiangdiang, Shillong.
With this announcement, the Dorbar u Syiem of Mylliem Hima has ordered all shops and markets in Iewduh to ban the use of plastic from 1st September
Speaking to u SP News Agency, they said that they have started playing this game since 2020, during the outbreak of Corona.
And God said, Thou canst not see my face: for there shall no man see me, and live. .
Failure to detect and treat this disease early can lead to high blood pressure, stroke, mental illness and myxedema.
Meghalaya's attempt came after half an hour through Eightfulnes Shangdiar in the 37th minute.
Patrick Crusius, using an AK 47, shot dead mothers and their children at a Walmart store in El Paso, Texas, last night.
On the other hand, the Congress leader is also ready to seek clarification in the House on this issue so that the people can understand.
The Sordar also denied the involvement of the residents of Syntung in the attack on these nine persons, saying that he did not identify anyone who attacked on that day.
The question now is whether the polio vaccine can reach every household without ASHAs, whether the distribution of polio vaccine can be completed within these three days, or whether the people have to go to government health centres. to vaccinate their children or can they deliver polio vaccine to their homes only by the health workers? Besides the announcement in the newspapers, the health department has also sent A short message to all mobile phones of Cell One, Reliance, Aircel, in English, Garo, Khasi, to encourage people to attend the polio vaccination campaign. , who were surprised, when they received a message on their mobile, that they too were invited to take polio vaccine.
Speaking to media, Dr.SA Lyngdoh said that the seizure of these items was ordered by the higher authorities. The equipment has been shifted to Mawkyrwat due to the lack of staff and the opening of the MCH.
The desire to drink alcohol at first makes you feel depressed but gradually makes you feel lonely again, and this affects not only the body, but also the mind which increases the risk of depression. 4.
It may be recalled that these members of the KSU have been released on bail of T.30,000 each with the condition that they shall not resume their duties and shall leave when necessary. the court or the police.
Therefore, the union expects the DC to take action to resolve these issues, whether to talk to the government or the DC of Kamrup, at the same time the union together with the The Dorbar Shnong Khanapara, Syiem Raid Marwet and the Seng Longkmie, have taken a firm decision by filing a complaint, in order to protect the rights of the owners of the land owned by the Kong. Honila Rynjah, as shown in the land titles, which was given by the Syiem of Raid Marwet since the time when even the ASTC office and the Police Outpost of Assam were not in the area, said Samla Kharkamni.
According to BM Shadap, the owner of the vehicle, a group of robbers stole his vehicle from Phramer-na house on the evening of the 21st. He phoned the villagers especially the VDP leaders and arrested the thieves.
On Thursday, 25th July, 50 percent of grocery and electrical, mobile and juti shops were allowed to open.
This department will fall under the jurisdiction of the FKJGP Thadlaskein Block Unit.
Since Tuesday, the Karbi and Pnars have been shooting at each other by shooting birds.
He said that the authorities have arrested four suspects involved in the incident and the investigation will continue until the perpetrators and motives are identified. of the incident that day.
“We don't know who is less and who is more, but we will continue to monitor to achieve the rights of the people in any way,” she said.
The cause of the shooting is still unknown.
Many of Marangbah's supporters believe that he got married too soon.
The Deputy Commissioner said he would do this soon and admitted that it is very difficult if there are not enough officers for the work of the people.
The union believes that the passage of heavy vehicles on this road has helped a lot in reducing the traffic jam in the village and Ladrymbai market and the road should be repaired and improved so that the passage of heavy vehicles. they shall not suffer, neither shall they be happy.
If the leaders of the political parties teach the people in this way, where is the future of the youth and the children of the future generation?
Saudi Arabia is currently in tension with Canada over the country's demand for the release of prisoners. The Canadian government has expelled the prime minister with 24 hours to leave the country and has summoned its representative from Ottawa and suspended its trade with the country. the country, accusing it of interfering in the internal affairs of Saudi Arabia.
On Mukul Sangma's call for the HNLC to surrender within six months, the HNLC has rejected the call of the Prime Minister. that it is only a scheme for political gain.
On the same day, Robert Lamlasuong Singson was arrested and charged under sections U/S 184/185 of the Motor Vehicles Act, you will be fined T.1,0
The Secretary of MAWHU, Kong Diangtimai Lyngdoh, said that they have not been paid according to the price, because in other states those who work in this field get more than the price. .500 or T.1000, while the donors receive T250 or T.
KTR, who was thrown to the ground, however, told the crowd that he was not injured and after the march in Nizamabad, he went to take part in another public meeting in Kodangal.
Through this meeting, many issues were discussed on how to improve and strengthen the work of the organization in order to provide better services to the people of Ri-Bhoi on various issues. diverse.
The test showed that the powder was heroin and police have arrested them for further investigation.
Regarding the mid-term MDC elections in KHADC, the party said it is ready to contest in all the constituencies which are currently vacant and there are no candidates. but it has not been announced yet and will soon announce their names.
Opening the centre, Justice Singh said that it is necessary to have customary laws to conduct the hearing of cases.
In a letter to the President of the JHDCC, which was also sent to the Chief Minister and the MP of Shillong, he urged the government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma to Sangma said that Sniawbhalang Dhar should be removed from office once he is an MLA who is against his party.
He said that the Congress is a party that uses and breaks after it has been used, but what he is more sad about the actions of the Congress is after he has seen and found. That she doesn't even respect Dr. DD Lapang, who is one of the strengtheners of the party in the state, but as it is now she doesn't respect him.
The first person was Rajana Sonawane in September
Shillong: The final of the Under 11 and Under 14 Football Tournament organized by the Seng Samla Laitryngew will be held on the 11th July at 11 am and 1 pm.
These women should also know that the Protection of Women from Domestic Violence Act does not apply only to those who are married according to the law, whether in church or according to the law of the Government.
It was after the HNYF was able to produce strong evidence against the company before the Chief Engineer, that the department also suspected the company and is looking for the truth.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has planned to hold a 'Vijay Sankalp Abhiyan' in view of the Assembly elections in Madhya Pradesh later this year.
They feel like the world is ending now then.
Shillong: The Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Seng Khasi Kmie will be held on the 7th, 8th and 9th of June
At the same time, the KSU leader from Narpuh, said that until now, no sign has been seen that the district authorities of East Jaintia Hills District, will take action regarding the destruction of the road. “Why does the DC listen to the condition of the road?” The union expresses its concern over the lack of action by the district authorities regarding the condition of the road. The Leader of Sutnga-Saipung Constituency, Santa Mary Shylla, has already complained about the deterioration of the road but the district authorities have remained silent.
Speaking to reporters after the raid, Bah BK Jana said that the reason why they together with the VDPs and Senglongkmie raided the market was after the police received it. Many complaints from the residents and market dwellers regarding the increasing number of illegal liquor and drug traffickers in the Nongstoiñ market.
Therefore, the request is that they should also show the documents on the ownership of the land so that it will be a clarification for both sides.
In the second half, Chibasal Sangma scored the second goal in the 49th minute for Lumparing to score the second goal. You can score 3 points.
“You killed your own man and now they want to erect a monument for him,” said Malngiang.
There are many people today who are suffering from terrible diseases, who are sad because of the loss of loved ones, who are suffering because of poverty, hunger and many sufferings.
Nongpoh: Regarding the implementation of development projects allocated by the CM in Ri Bhoi District, which the district has received for being included in the Aspirational District, Kiren Rijiju, Minister of State for Home Affairs and On the Law and Justice, he said that Ri Bhoi District has been successful in the implementation of development schemes launched by the Central Government, as it has ranked 51st in 2018, However, it has now risen to the fifth position out of 122 Aspirational Districts in the country.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Shillong, June 17: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that Space Technology has played a major role in the decision-making of the State Government on social issues and income generation. paper.
The moments we experience heaven and eternal life.
Shillong, Nailar 09: The All Tamil Nadu Students' Association (ATSA) on Tuesday held a meeting with President Vishnuram P, Joint Secretary Rajarajacholan, Treasurer Gideon Bala Singham and Advisor Ragu. He came from Tamil Nadu to meet with the leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) in Shillong to discuss many issues affecting the people of North East and South India.
Speaking to reporters, Amazing said that he has been supporting Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit in the protest near the Additional Secretariat for more than 10 months. and that he has a spirit of concern for the Jaitbynriew.
The NPP Unit together with the Federation in a meeting with the Assistant Commissioner – Food Safety, State Government, has requested all hotels/guest houses and restaurants to clean up the environment by taking small steps during the celebration.
The department has issued an order to dismiss 246 teachers,” said Dr Roy while taking part in the debate on the Governor's speech in the Legislative Assembly.
"It's not like that, but I'll see later," explained the mother.
This is a false statement.
After this victory, India will now prepare to face New Zealand in the semi-final on the 15th of this month.
Through this census, the MPCC will send a complaint to the CM and demand that 10,000 tyngka should be paid to the poor households.
If the Meghalaya government cannot arrest and imprison the incident in Mokhroh, it is feared that the tyrud and smer will continue to spread in our country.
Jowai, Lber 15: The SP of WJH on Tuesday said that the seizure of these cows took place while a police team led by the OC of Amlarem was on patrol in the area.
He also expressed his surprise at the implementation of the CMSMS in which there has been a 50 percent decrease in maternal and infant mortality in the state in the years 2020-2
Another company that manufactures meters is Satnam Global Infra Pvt.
He said that the decisions taken in the past are not the right decisions, because how can a few people get 40 percent and the majority Khasi Pnar get 40 percent and so on. He said that the bias of the tarajur in terms of employment, although the number of people from one group is low and from the other group is high, the allocation is equal. The MLAs from the seven districts of Khasi Jaintia Hills District have been asked.
Yesterday, Rupang spoke to a woman who is a wholesaler to sell various fertilizers to the farmers in Iewduh. She was identified as Kong W.Khongsdir. , and set up a fertilizer shop in Iewduh.
Momin, AHP, Garo Hills, Dr. HK Marak, among others handed over the keys of 2 motorcycles allocated to the Rashtriya Gokul Mission (RGM) for the first batch of MAITRI's (Private AI Worker) to assist them in providing time for Artificial Insemination (AI) at the doorstep of the farmers.
I will run for president of the United States,” West tweeted.
At the National Conference on Land Governance in North Eastern States held on June 3 and 4, 2023 in Guwahati, the Territorial and Autonomous District Councils of Assam, Tripura, Mizoram and Meghalaya said that the digitization of real estate documents is essential for economic development.
She said that the department conducts programs in the villages from time to time to raise awareness among the public especially to the poor women in this regard – to think, to send for self-examination and to They should always give birth in health centers because they have trained people in this field.
Siddharth Saikia scored 34 runs and Rudra Pratap Singh scored three runs.
Referring to the recent incident ha Khanduli, Conrad Sangma said that both the Prime Ministers will visit the areas in the middle of the border dispute, especially the areas where near Karbi Anglong and West Jaintia Hills.
"Panah, who was in the bedroom, as he listened to what they were talking about, became very worried.
He said that the peace and prosperity of Manipur is an important issue for us, and ordered the officers to take strong action against anyone who disrupts the peace and order.
West Garo Hills SP Mukesh Singh said police are investigating to arrest the robbers involved in the murder.
These supporters said that the mismanagement of the leaders whom they have elected has led them to turn to the UDP. I see Bah Suin as a man who will not distance himself from the people when they need him when he wins and he is not like others who will try to buy them back like this election time when five years have passed.
The death toll has risen to 5,000 per day.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare MLA Mawhati, Bah Ngaitlang Dhar Adviser of the NPP in Ri Bhoi, Bah Clement Mawlong President of the NPP in Ri Bhoi, Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh, NPP Candidate from Mawhati, Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh. NPP from Mawhati from the elders and women and other elders.
The Ministry of Home Affairs (MoHA) has informed that this extension is to allow the works to continue from 1st July
Horkit hordang also avoids being judged if you have a judgment.
A true leader cannot be judged solely by what appears on the outside, whether it is the appearance of a person - whether it is the way he speaks, the way he dresses, the way he lives, and so on. This is also necessary but the task as it is said is to establish that the leader is the one who can obey even if you refuse or who understands that you too are a leader yourself. – a true leader can be surprised if he knows that it is wrong for your good and who can obey even if you refuse but in the end he will be with you – he is obviously just a human being who is full of error, but who cannot be left alone in the darkness without turning away.
The KSU said that the residents of Soonapyrdi have protested and complained to the KSU about the lack of network of BSNL in Narpuh area, due to the non-functioning of its tower.
A recent article by a person in an article published in a newspaper on 30th June 2020 that Jingrwai Ri Khasi Ri Khasi is a song that touches the heart. Our nation is nothing, but it is only his feeling for the Missionaries just because of their inability to contribute much to the development and development of this country and our nation. until we are now able to be like this which can be said that we are no longer inferior to other nations of this world.
“The school started from a small house and has now moved to an RCC building, from Lower Primary to Higher Secondary School,” said Bah Sawkmie.
The new cases include EGH: 1, EJH: 2, EKH: 20, SWKH: 1, WGH: 1, WJH: 1 and WKH:
Shillong: Another leader of the National Liberation Council of Rural Development (NLCN) has been arrested from Barabazar market on Monday.
The pass percentage for males was 78.27% and for females 75.43%.
The proposal to create one country with the same system of holding elections, known as 'one nation, one election,' has been rejected because of the possibility of being affected by differences in the system of elections. you don't have a kingdom in India.
The Congress mid-term MDC candidate from Rambrai Jyrngam, Kimfa Marbaniang, welcomed all those who came to join the party and who came to strengthen the party in the mid-term elections.
Its gates will never be shut because the night is no longer there.
Speaking to media on Friday, Bah John Syiemlieh said that he had offered T.200 to release the truck, but these tax collectors in Ladmeri refused to accept the money and they He was stoned on the head and in his unconsciousness, the vehicle turned into a well and escaped from the night.
The NGT also said that “the operation of coke factories without environmental clearance is a violation of the Prevention and Control of Pollution Act, 1974 Air Act Environment (Protection) Act 1986.
Besides, five winners will receive three free tickets each for the screening of 9-Lad at Bijou Cinema, Shillong.
He said that the District Council has not taken action on this issue and the matter has remained unchanged.
“The improvement of this road will also reduce traffic jam as the more Bye-pass roads there are, the more problems will be solved by the people as this road reaches Shillong Airport,” he said. .
Shnongrim SC won 2-1 against Lakasein SC 2-1
The match between the two teams at the scheduled time ended without any casualties.
The HNLC's statement came at a time when the peace talks between the Central Government, the State Government and the HNLC are ongoing.
The Sohra Half Marathon 2022 will be held on 17th November
“Conrad said the government is pleased that things are going in the right direction and soon the scientific mining will start. On the other hand, former Chief Minister Mukul Sangma said that on his part, He cannot say anything on whether open cast mining can be done in the State, without seeing detailed information on the use of those resources and manner.
Because this person does not have any proof that he is the owner of Pamrapaithlu, that is,
He expressed his surprise that the leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) have not invited him to the General Council meeting.
The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) has now put forward a proposal that the Indian cricket team can play in the Asia Cup at the middle ground.
The slogan of the Mait Shaphrang Movement is “You Vote, You Decide”, which means that it is no longer useful to be late if you are wrong.
The Second Amendment 2019 was launched by the former Rangbah Shnong of Sonapyrdi Village, Shri Pirit Talang in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong and members of the Village Council. Executive Committee, and all residents.
The days go by! we have now come to the end of this year Two Thousand and Twenty.
Dr Roy said there is a difficulty in identifying who is an Indian and who is not an Indian as the influx of foreigners from Bangladesh is very high in the state.
The State Government will take action to talk to the Central Government to provide small amounts of money in the State so that it will not cause problems to the people.
S Tariang, President and Secretary of the Khasi Kmie, OR Challam, President and Warai Kharbuki.
There will be more pilgrims visiting the shrine in the coming days," she added.
When asked what reply he gave to the AICC leaders, he declined to comment, saying that their talks were secret and only the AICC leaders would know about it when they were brought to the meeting. the message to them and that it will take to announce its decision.
The two parties urged the DC to take action to investigate the incident and to set up an independent inquiry team so that the truth can be revealed.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh, Rev DS Roy Muktieh, Executive Secretary I/C CED, RBP Synod, Rev HL Myrsing, President of the Managing Committee, Rev KP Masharing. Executive Secretary of RBP Synod, Bah W Radu Principal and other dignitaries along with parents, teachers and students of the school.
Meanwhile, Bah Swer explained the working and relationship between the police and the VDPs to assist the police in maintaining peace and order.
Shillong, Lber 26 : The Tuberculosis Office (TB) Meghalaya as part of the World Tuberculosis Day has organized a rally and walkathon in Shillong on Tuesday. 24 October 2023.
Different villages including the Seiñ Raij from Wahiajer, Ïalong and Nongkhyllem came to take part in the Behdeiñkhlam festival.
Bah Hamletson Dohling also congratulated Banalari World Cars for opening this car dealership in his constituency.
In this case, the film could be released by the end of the year or by next year.
Speaking at the programme, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh extended his special thanks to the Tourism Department of the State Government and all those who have taken part in the implementation of this project especially to the Syiem of Hima. Nongkhlaw and the Ministers of Nongkhlaw Hima for the project to beautify and improve the Madan Mot Tirot especially the monument of Tirot Sing Syiem which will be one of the buildings that will attract tourists from all over the world. and to showcase to the world the name, history and great deeds of Tirot Sing Syiem.
It is by doing this that they build a statue of themselves in the hearts of thousands of children and remain proclaimed forever.
He said that from now on, electric vehicles will be used in Shillong and this will reduce the cost of services in various government departments and at the same time will clean up the environment.
The ancient Israelites sprinkled the blood of the lamb on their doorposts to protect them from the plague, but let us sprinkle ourselves with the blood of Jesus, the Lamb of God.
The Umroi MLA also pointed out the decline in income due to the lack of employment of the people, saying that even the 100 days employment which used to employ the people has decreased due to the lack of employment. that many VECs have stopped implementing MNREGA schemes due to lack of material funds.
Shillong: A Baptist religious leader who had planned to visit Meghalaya, but lost because he was refused a visa.
And, we have shifted to an example not a worry for the world.
“It's me,” agreed the father and looked at the clock.
Speaking on the Ginger Mission of the state which was recently launched by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Bah Metbah said that this Mission will pave the way for the development of the Ginger Mission. The farmers of the District and the state as a whole will be able to increase the production, transportation and manufacturing capacity of the state.
Besides being a member of the ICC Hall of Fame, the CWI has also decided not to renew the contracts of technical assistants Robert Samuels and Corey Collymore. monitor and evaluate their performance.
After completing the necessary procedures under the NDPS Act, police have arrested the driver of the vehicle, Sanju Haque Lasker, 29, of Nepal. Police have registered a case against him at Lumshnong Police Station under Case No. 17(3)2023 and under sections (b)/29NDPS Act and Police are conducting investigation.
Nongkrem MLA and President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, has decided to end the hunger strike after 40 days near the Additional Secretariat.
This is part of the lucky draw tickets for the Savio Evening Secondary School & College in Mawlai Phudmuri organized by the Mawlai Parish. We request the people of the state to support this film when it is released in cinemas in Shillong.
I used to enjoy listening to Khasi songs on All India Radio, Shillong in the past years and one of the things that surprised me was when it was announced on All India Radio, I don't know whether they will blame R Monarch Shabong or R Waroh Pde.
P.C.in this district.
In the second half, Luti Tuber Ialong beat Lumpariat 1-0 with Denis Mulieh scoring the first goal for Luti Tuber Ialong in the 36th minute.
Wilberth D.Marak, fellow writer, expressed his satisfaction with this collection of stories especially from the writer who will continue to contribute to the literature of the Garo people.
Until yesterday, the police have not allowed any vehicles to enter the road as it has been implemented to release the vehicles that are not already on the road. full of cracks and blocking the road.
Larisa from St. Francis won the top prize.
The VPP has a leader who doesn't want to follow Conrad, choose the sword to fight, not the circus snakes who shake their heads in front of the ring master.
According to Bah Rowel, Dr Mukul Sangma is still the leader but it is up to the decision of the majority of the party members especially the MLAs to take a joint decision.
At the same time, the chairman of NESPAS said that about 500 foreigners from 70 to 80 ethnic groups from 40 countries will participate in the festival.
In conclusion, we must be like sheep – cooperation brings success.
“He said that the people of Meghalaya are wise to know that the promise to introduce the Khasi and Garo languages ​​is a promise only in words without any intention and action.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Jayson Lennox Nongrum President of HYC Ri-Bhoi District as the chief guest in the presence of Tbn DR Mawphniang as the chief guest. , Bah PS Nongrum Chairman Sports Committee of RBDCA and other dignitaries.
Essay introduction, middle and conclusionThank you very much God bless you as I too have received many blessings through your articles “Cleanliness”.
To prevent, protect and preserve insects such as lizards, fish and others.
Speaking to reporters, Bah C Rani said that a MUDA employee named Wansted Syiemlieh has paid T.2000 as a drawing fee for his house so that MUDA can provide it. The OC which he applied for to ring electricity and water supply to his house in Mawiong.
When meeting with Dr. Mawrie, the HNYF leaders, including Bah Marcus Marten, informed the DMHO that the HNYF has received many complaints from the people regarding the lack of ambulance. inside the hospital, which has caused problems to the people and especially to those who have left the hospital to go for treatment elsewhere.
Mukul was speaking at the last tribute to Purno A Sangma at the Dikki Bandi Stadium in Tura today in front of thousands of people who came to remember him.
India has taken steps to rescue Indians from Sudan after agreeing to a 72-hour ceasefire between the Sudanese army and the Rapid Support Forces (RSF). there was an argument.
The union has directed its various departments to wear iong flags or iong sopti or tie on the 15th and 18th July 2021, to raise awareness among the public, in order to strengthen the health professional laws.
On receiving information about the incident, the village has convened an emergency meeting on Sunday and conducted a search operation but nothing was found.
Shun powder 3,400 1,500 . 7 1,000 6 0 0 .
If we turn back to Nartiang, the fame of this village is that it was made the capital of the Hima Jaintiapur by the Syiem of Hyundai on the advice of the great Marphalangki, son of Lity Bamon. she was one of the servants of the King of Jaintiapur in Sylhet (the King of Jaintia Hills throughout the district of Sylhet).
Wahiajer in the second half turned the tide through a goal scored by Dawhoi Dhar (52').
President: Kong Janika
Regarding the incident, the Assam Rifles have also set up two medical camps in the village for the treatment of the residents.
Boy's Higher Secondary School, Jowai is to provide education at the same time as the Govt.
Angry residents also robbed trucks, police vehicles and burnt down a vehicle number ML05 F 3013 in Jaiaw.
They were arrested during a thorough search operation conducted by the Government Railway Police (GRP) and Border Security Force (BSF).
“If you are really sorry, please take your time, after 10 pm, we will see with our own eyes the truth.
Shillong, July 5: Only 3 hours a day is enough to read, said Dukini Kyndiah in reply to a question by the students on Saturday. Rupang has honored me.
During the meeting, the two sides discussed the issues of digital connectivity and transport in India with a special focus on Meghalaya.
Three goals were scored by Phibankhrabok Nongkhlaw, Mebanshan Suting and Jefrey Surong.
Therefore, on the part of MAWU, we are pleased to say that she should have informed us a day or two before that she could not meet us,” said the President.
They said that the shortage of jhur produced in the state this year is due to the uncertainty of the farmers to cultivate more jhur. The jhur sha market is sold at the price of 2 to 3 tyngka per kilo due to the lack of assistance from the government during the lockdown.
Speaking to media after being announced as a candidate recently, Ampareen said there is a reason why the NPP should win the upcoming MP elections. It was the highest number of votes in the last MLA election.
Here now let us turn to one of the youths of the area who wants to express on this issue that just due to the lack of adequate roads one of the districts of South West Khasi Hills District has become It is one of the most neglected areas in the district and for that reason the tourism industry in this district is very low.
It is just a lie of the NPP government just to smuggle coal in the state.
The Power Dept of the Electricity Department of the State Government has requested that the price of boarding electricity should not be increased as it affects the people. long house long sem that is poor.
The JSU said that the NGT has banned coal mining for almost two years and the surprising thing is why after the ban on coal mining, the Lukha River is still turning blue? In addition, the rainfall that carries the garbage to the river has also stopped.
Timung said that since the construction and excavation, the road has been completed and there has been no Muster Roll to repair it.
He urged the teachers to take action to renew themselves and dedicate themselves for the future of the students of the state.
Without the sinless Jesus there would be no forgiveness of sins and without the redemption of sins there would be no forgiveness.
Dr Mukul Sangma said they have the ability to provide jobs to the youth if they allow the Trinamool Congress to form a government in the upcoming elections.
One child has a father from an Englishman, one from a Chinese, one from a Khasi and one from a Negro father.
These include EKH: 10 and RBD:
“We have started many programs through the mission so that the farmers can earn a living and many missions like the Lakadong Mission, Ginger Mission, Jackfruit Mission have promoted the farmers. “It's a good idea to have a book for the people in the rural areas,” he said.
Jowai: The All Jaintia Cement and Clinker Transporters Association (AJCCTA) has reminded and urged the state government under the leadership of Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Sniawbhalang Dhar as Transport Minister to take action on their issues. Truck owners who transport Dewbilat and Clinker from various Cement Plants in East Jaintia Hills to other parts of the State and abroad.
According to the RTI received by Bah Disparsing Rani, thousands of posts in various government departments have not been filled.
Kerlang Dkhar (50) scored the first goal for Khliehingriang.
In addition, the Minister said; “Our part is to provide the best service through ambulances to the people of Meghalaya.
“Referring to another issue, the Hindi speech of the Governor in the Legislative Assembly, Bah Synrem said, “We don't know whether the Governor knows how to speak English, but in our state Hindi. It is not the official language, it may not be the official language in Parliament or in other states, but here in our state the official language is English, Khasi and Garo. I don't know English.
He said that in one hour, 15 cows can be slaughtered, and those cows cannot enter due to the lack of adequate machines.
“I hope that under the wise leadership of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the people will be able to mine coal again as usual with environmental protection measures.
He said that the relocation of the border is also a violation of the Nehru-Noon Agreement, 1958 which stipulated that the border should be in the middle of the river.
“We also remember the leaders of the political parties who are in jail for the sake of the nation,” said Bah Samuel. Once again the stones will win, once again the forests will win", "we must not be anyone's slaves"
The users of the network have complained about the lack of working conditions of the telecom towers like Jio, Airtel, Cellone, in Mawkyrwat area. There is no light and most of the time there is no network, so as people who use the Internet has suffered a lot because in this age people rely on the Internet to earn a living in many parts of this country. The network has caused many problems to the people who use it.
The Minister, who spent time visiting the market, found that the pollution of the market is very bad, from government goods such as water pipes which are lyngkrang to the ground.
They said that they have already conveyed this issue many times to the leaders, the district authorities and even the state government, but they are still waiting for that promise to bring peace and stability. safe.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The BJP Meghalaya State Unit on Tuesday accused the National People's Party (NPP) of being selfish in the upcoming Assembly elections.
This is according to a statement from the Indian Meteorological Department of the Government of India, based in Shillong.
Congratulating Bah Sanbor on the initiative to relocate the 58 GTC gate, he said, “It is a collaboration to solve the problems of the residents”.
Kamal, 72, said he has recovered from dengue and in the past few days, he has been admitted to hospital. Sheikh Hasina, the prime minister, said that Kamal could not attend the dorbar.
The one who can sell the most coupons means the most votes, because the votes are counted according to the coupons that they can sell to their supporters.
He admitted that there are still many colleges and educational institutions across Meghalaya which lack the number of qualified teachers in various subjects and there are also colleges in urban and suburban areas which do not have all the departments.
“The CAA should be abolished because we have a border with Bangladesh which is more than 4,000 kilometers long and is the longest border in the world.
He said that the Monolith Festival is a great achievement for the nation as it will showcase to the world the richness of the Khasi culture.
The Coordination Committee on International Border (CCIB) has sought clarification from the Government of Meghalaya regarding the power to acquire and use private land for the construction of the Indo-Bangladesh Border. Raid Lyting, Pyrdiwah (East Khasi Hills) to Jaliakhola (West Jaintia Hills) and according to the report submitted by the land owners, to the Dolloi of Elaka, Sordar and Rangbah Shnong of East Khasi Hills District and West Jaintia Hills;1)No.L.14/5(9)2021/17 Dated.
Through the use of technology, it has helped Meghalaya to reduce maternal, infant and child mortality as well as reduce childhood malnutrition (SAM and MAM) in the past. explain why it is necessary to train in this field in order to achieve the goals that have been achieved.
This crossing of the border along the National Highway, has caused traffic jam and especially the construction of the project which is ongoing will not be delayed.
Only the North East is afraid of the BJP or Congress in Delhi, that's why they start taking advantage of us at will.
According to sources, the state government has taken this step after various civil society organizations have staged protests demanding that the government should implement the National Register of Citizens ( NRC) in Manipur and also after the state police arrested hundreds of foreigners who had come to stay illegally in Manipur.
“We will leave. Kmie, don't worry as I said, we have to go as far as the law allows to get justice if the village acts violently,” said the father.
The lunar calendar was explained by Bah Spiton Kharakor according to the customs of the farmers.
Those present at the public meeting included Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Prestone Tynsong, Second Chief Minister, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Sosthenes Sohtun, Ngaitlang Dhar and Dasakhiat. Lamare, CEM KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, and other leaders.
There are a couple of interpretations of Psalm 137, one is that this song was written when the Jews were in exile and two it was written after the Jews returned from exile slaves in Babylon.
However, the Government has insisted that there is no High Level in the smuggling of coal and demanded that those accused should come forward with witnesses.
The elected leaders and members of UHM include Brosenly Siangshai, Vice President, Pyniaid Lyngdoh, General Secretary, Pynshieme Siangshai, Assistant Secretary, Savio Pohtmi; Adviser, Thiarly Rymbai, Organizing Secretary, Enrique Dekhar, Publicity Secretary, Chiefly Dkhar, Sport Secretary, Ever Siangshai, Socio and Cultural Secretary, Loveliness Shadap, members of the Executive including Jerly Ryngkhlem, Bah Pyndap Bareh, Afterwards Lyngdoh, Fourki Dkhar, Ha-oo R wanki Siangshai, Hestorly Shylla, Lucky Dkhar, Smalling Paseiñ, Mayan Khongnaiñ, Deiborlangki Siangshai, Yearless Dkhar, Hamran Siangshai, Ryngmir Io Siangkio Emynio Siangshai, Emdor Dkhar and others.
The incident happened on the 8th of this month at about 8:00 PM at Mawlieh Laitdom village in Mairang WKHD. On receiving the complaint from the woman, they have arrested Diel Rina and charged him under section 325 IPC and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
In other places, when implementing a scheme, there is a foundation stone laying day and an opening day, but in Jaintia Hills there is a very special scheme because it has up to 3 days. 3 separate days.
He recalled that in the past, people knew the blood and earned the right but now evil has begun to triumph over good.
Police also recovered a pistol, ID card, documents, seal, four mobile phones and several SIM cards from the body of the Area Commander. The GNLA was lyngktar at the scene of the shooting.
East Khasi Hills has 161 cases and West Garo Hills has 73 cases.
Turning to a New Chapter Life, better ways will turn, only if the intelligent people, including especially the 'Suid-sah-snem, turn their path.
However, years after the investigation was concluded on 18th June 2023, all the information collected has been sent to the Lokayukta.
“He changeth times and seasons, he removeth kings, and setteth up kings: he giveth wisdom unto the wise, and knowledge to them that have understanding” Daniel 2:21-2
When Kiang came back from the hill at night after eating, he sat down with his mother Ka Rimai Nangbah in the middle of the fire and told him what had happened to the mother of U Ksan. Sajar Nangbah who was killed by the Dohlieh at Chan Myrsiang.
The match between the two teams was a draw in the first half without anyone scoring.
You can continue to do this but remember that these will never be able to deceive the people here in Meghalaya.
It is in these two, 'the covenant' that has been made and 'the covenant' that has been made, that these are the supreme power from life to death, which will never end, until the end of the world.
I demand that those who burn down houses and rape women should be punished severely.
Sampath said there will also be a NOTA at the polling stations, which is for the people who do not want to vote for any candidate.
Speaking to media after the opening of the meeting, the Prime Minister said that all the nine political parties who attended the meeting today, have agreed. The Government's intention to introduce the amendment to the MRSSA
The boundary of the Autonomous State of Meghalaya is defined in the Assam Reorganization Act 1969 and the entire boundary of the State of Meghalaya is defined in the Northeast Reorganization Act
In the spring of that year, she had been injected for the first time and after nine days, she developed severe fever, began to pray and could not walk. She had multiple blood clots and hemorrhage and within two months, she died.
She encouraged the children to be diligent in this field and during their training they should show their courage and ability in collaboration with the teachers so that the teachers can be encouraged to provide comprehensive and effective training.
The hearing will be held again on 26th November 2017 and the NGT has directed the state government to provide clear facts on its poor activities.
In this incident, the doors and windows of the hostel were broken and the windows of vehicles parked near the hostel were damaged.
He said that in 2019, the Association has submitted a petition to the state government to ask for assistance from the government to set up a check point in the form of a regulated market. and transportation of poultry to be able to market the poultry raised in the state in the state itself.
The District Magistrate said that if these protests are allowed to take place in the No Procession or Assembly Zone, it will cause disruption to the movement of people and vehicles as well. and it can also affect peace.
The schemes of this Man have failed, for he who speaks does not turn to the right or to the left.
According to police sources, the police have registered 12 cases and received detailed information about the 40 robbers involved in the smuggling of the drugs. rioting and involvement in acts of damage to property during the hours of the 72-hour curfew.
All the speakers expressed their gratitude to these two youths who have brought glory to the village and it is the first time that the children or youths of Lumshken village have passed well in the matric and BSc examinations.
More than 300 residents from neighboring border villages have benefited from this programme.
Sangma demanded that the Meghalaya Government should immediately register a case against the CEM of KAAC for uttering insulting remarks.
He said that in the proposal to the Labor Department, the union has suggested to increase the salary of unskilled workers from T.300 to T.400 per day and for the Highly-skilled should exceed T.700 per day to benefit the contractual employees working in various departments of the state government.
He said that the government can pay the salaries exactly to the employees without reducing even 10 months.
The Shooting Association of Meghalaya (SAM) has concluded the 10th North East Zone Shooting Championship held at the Assam Regimental Centre, Happy Valley, Shillong. 20 to 27 and ended on 27 July, she expressed her gratitude to the Regimental Centre, Happy Valley, Shillong, the judges of the ISSF, the leaders and all the participants of this successful tournament. six.
The first part is about the Gorkha soldiers who joined the Indian National Army to fight for independence.
Paul said this at a meeting held in Silchar today.
The newly opened Agro Food Park will produce 100 MT of produce per annum including tyrso, cashew, sying and kwai.
Shillong: Due to the lack of hostels for the students of NEHU, NEHUSU has given six months to the VC to provide all the necessary facilities or else they will protest to demand that the VC should step down. Now.
He also urged the residents to take good care of the forest near Lum Nokrek and that the tourists should not litter when they go for a walk. carrying plastic bottles and that the villagers should sell clean water to tourists themselves.
When asked about the National Investigation Agency (NIA), he said, “In the recent meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, we discussed this issue and the government has already to promise that there will be no discrimination against the members of the party who will not return.
If they start mining from 1972, we understand that it will have a devastating impact on the youth of the nation in terms of employment opportunities," he said.
According to an RTI letter received from the office of the Syiem of the Hima Khyrim, the Hima Khyrim has not yet recognized Mudonsing Khongthaw as the Rangbah Shnong of Pynursla.
Shillong, Naitung 20 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma has not said whether he agrees with the demand of ACHIK on the issue of Roster System and also to make Tura Tlang City.
Crops have suffered extensive damage due to floods in many parts of the state in May and June, the Minister said in a statement.
The appointment of a non-Khasi MDC in the District Council by the Assam Government has angered the Khasi and sparked a mass protest against this action of the Assam Government.
The Championship has attracted more than 50 participants from different age groups as well as from schools and districts in the state.
Members of the KSU, claimed that one of their members, Bah Lurshai Hynniewta, died in the incident.
“The Khasi Social Custom of Lineage has been approved by the Governor and any violation of the law is illegal,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The quarterfinals of the 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship held at the SAI Indoor Hall, Shillong on Tuesday were held. of the country who reached the semi final.
After that, two more persons were promoted in 2015 but at that time the High Court changed the rules in which it was alleged that this was done only to forcibly promote the two persons. who were promoted in 2015.
He said the BJP government should have invested in schools, hospitals, sports grounds, roads, poor families, VAB but it has been invested in churches.
On the other hand, Bah Mawsor said that the party will celebrate its 50th anniversary in
Speaking on the border issue, Bajop said, “I don't know about the arrangement of other districts, but I am pleased with the decision taken by the government for the three sectors of the area. West Khasi Hills District".
Differences of race, culture, customs, language and others will bring conflict and disagreement in that household.
This situation degrades us and we cannot improve in development.
After the Durbar, a silver jubilee cake was laid by Padma Shree Kong Theilin Phanbuh and 25 silver jubilee balloons were launched.
Dr Mohrmen said that in their work, they have found that many pig farmers complain that pig farming is not cost effective due to the lack of concentrated feed. .
He said that the CMJ University has been approved by the CMJ University Act, 2009 and according to Section 48, it is clear that if there is any shortcoming in the management, lack of funds or any other problems of the government. You must not ask for clarification before you enter the judgment, and if you do not agree, you may not accept any decision or you shall not accept the judgment.
Righteousness and godliness have fled from us now in the wilderness.
“One of the three dead died on the spot while the others died at Jowai District Hospital in Ialong village, West Jaintia Hills after sustaining serious injuries,” said a police chief. The injured were shifted to NEIGRIHMS, Shillong for treatment while the others were shifted to Khliehriat CHC. They were taken to Jowai District Hospital and doctors released them.
According to the rules of the scheme (VRS), these employees will receive three years' salary and other benefits but they must retire.
Meanwhile, the match between Kick Start Academy and Lawei Smit Sports Club ended in a 0-0 draw.
Dalia village is inhabited by Garo and the newspaper reported that ruser robbery is frequent although there has been no clash with the law enforcement agencies in the past few days.
Ankita Sharma of RBDCA scored 83 runs and took 2 wickets and was named Best Player of the Tournament along with Neelam Roy. SCA scored 40 runs and took two wickets and was named Best Player of the Match.
The company has used the technique with the help of a doctor from Chennai, Dr SK Sivakumar who has discovered how to use the waste produced by hospitals whether it is tar equipment used in hospitals. the place of worship that is broken down into the place of worship.
Finally, the Dorbar gave a decision to the family of (L) Sonarois, and found that there was no answer from the family of (L) Sonarois.
According to police, Lakhimpur is one of the four districts of Assam where the smuggling of gold and counterfeit currency is most common.
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal said the reason why the party has suspended the collection of T.10 tyngka is because it has found that many of them have The victims have difficulty in getting the T.10 tyngka.
When asked how much money they pay to the owners of the fish, they said that some of them charge 100 tyngka per day if they get fish or not.
This is the second time that such a program has been conducted by Smti Shakuntala Dally Gamlin, IAS, Secretary MSJE under the leadership of Dr. Thaawarchand Gehlot, Minister of Social Justice and Empowerment. to send a message to all the legislators and government officials of India on how to make Divyanjgans who have the characteristics to be based on the judgment of right and wrong, knowledge in many areas , less prejudice against each other, togetherness in participation and recognition of the efforts of parents, teachers and guardians.
Dear friend, I remember about three years ago you told me that there is no God in the world and that the belief that there is a God is just a superstition.
He said that what he wants to put at this time in Raid Shabong is to turn around your raid, to see the maiañ blei, the kurs and jait who will own this place, in the middle of the flood. clean water in the rivers and streams, he has also established clean farms and hills and rivers, at the same time to ensure the safety of all these things, he has provided for the preservation of customs and traditions. The sign and blessing of the Creator from above and below shall be in the place which he has set apart for the Priest, who shall be the head to look after and keep this. section.
“This is exactly like going to buy clothes from Khyndailad and buying one or two,” said Bah Sniawbhalang who is also the son-in-law of Dasakhiat and brother of Bah Ngaitlang Dhar.
However, according to recent reports, the Symbud Myntri of the State, Bah Prestone Tyngsong, has announced that there are up to 400 people from the North East who have violated the quarantine period. following the laws and regulations that have been given to them and that have been given booklets to read the rules.
Former Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie, who is also one of the leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP), has said that he is ready to contest the MP election to the Lok Sabha this year. to come.
Tell your friends and family that suicide is a serious sin.
Dawan Lyngdoh MDC BJP has alleged that the Executive Committee has ignored the villages within the border of the state and has strongly criticized the Executive Committee for not doing anything against the smuggling of coal and the release of funds from the government budget.
The Group-A match was delayed due to flooding and the overs had to be reduced but that did not affect the match where Arunachal Pradesh won the match. Meghalaya managed to score 49 runs in 19.1 overs, while Arunachal managed to reach the target in 8.5 overs.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the followers of the vehicle said that the vehicle was coming from Laitlyngkot, but they did not say exactly where the vehicle was going to leave the goods.
However, until today, the school authorities have not received any answer and have put the school authorities and the parents of the students in darkness,” said the petition signed by the President, Bah Aristotle Rymbai. and Secretary, Mr. Ralbingland Nonglait.
Shillong: There have been 18 new cases of coronavirus in East Jaintia Hills today.
Whether the chiefs are still relevant or not today.
“It is a great loss to me personally and to the village of Jowai and the people of Jowai on this sudden death,” said Prof RC Laloo.
"Marriage is not to accumulate wealth, to buy a house, but to have children," Ma said at a wedding ceremony at Alibaba's headquarters in Hangzhou, China.
Besides, the arrival of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) has severely affected the NPP candidates in many constituencies until the MLAs from this party came in third place.
Bharti Singh's house and workplace were searched and 86.5 grams of cannabis were seized. Bharti and her husband, Harsh Limbachiya, admitted to drinking cannabis. Haricharan Das, 45, of Lower New Colony, Shillong, has tested positive for covid-19 on the 18th of this month.
On Mamata's claim that the AITC will resolve the border dispute if the party is elected to power, the NPP leader said, “Who said that?
As a sign of remembrance of this school, the village also prepared a march pass in which RCLP, Presbyterian and Upper Primary School Village took part and prizes were also distributed to the winners.
The words that need to be approved by the Governor have not been mentioned in the Sixth Schedule,” said KHADC CEM Bah Pynshngain N Syiem after the Congress meeting led by KHUDA held on Tuesday.
It was because the crowds encouraged him that God was with him and delivered the blacks from the hands of the whites.
Therefore, the HYC has turned away these vehicles along with the people to the places where they came with the understanding that they are not allowed to come without proper documents.
The first one is and all the springs will be completely dry one by one.
The clean marriage, even if it exists in other ethnic groups, is not as pathaw as here in our country, it is slow and strong, while here it has become corrupt, the clean marriage has become Khasi, Negro and Khasi, Dkhar, Nepali, Bihari. , etc....
He said that they have tried to set up Monitoring Check Gate in the factories to take stock of the requirements of the factories, but because the government does not allow this work has stopped.
Therefore, on 09/06/2022, the union met with the Executive Engineer of PWD Mawkyrwat Division and he said that arrangements have been made to repair this road as the time for repair is still left. .
while asymptomatic people vaccinated people 59 years and older.
Union Home Minister Amit Shah will visit Manipur on 15th June, government officials said on Friday.
Nongpoh, Nailar 24: The Union Minister of State for Railways, Coal and Mines, Raosahep Patil Danve today visited Ri Bhoi District to monitor the implementation of the Development works in this District which has been selected as one of the 'Aspirational Districts' out of the 117 Districts in the country which have been selected as such Aspirational Districts.
Why do you implement the law and punish them while the MLAs are hiding? Is it possible for the people to listen and trust the MDA govt?
He said that this celebration is more to express gratitude to God.
His memorandum for the Hill State in 1952 was the beginning of the struggle and victory of Nehru's son. be a joy to all.
The residents of the area live in the two districts that are involved in agriculture.
Regarding the annual meeting, the AMKA leaders said that the purpose of the annual meeting of the Karbi community is to ensure that the Karbi community in the state has a close relationship with the Karbi community. to preserve and maintain the traditional customs and traditions that the Karbi people have established since ancient times.
The tournament was inaugurated in the presence of the Sordar of Sohryngkham, President of Sohryngkham Sports Club, Rangbah Mawutieng and elders of Sohryngkham.
There is also a possibility that the Narendra Modi government will introduce the One Nation One Election Bill, which will allow the Election Commission to hold MP and MLA elections simultaneously. period.
Maken's allegation came after the BJP had withdrawn the Congress party's donations by closing the party's account and withdrawing Rs 115.32 crore.
The state government has earlier appointed three regional committees to look into the matter.
He said that the previous government had made an attempt to relocate them but as some village authorities did not accept to relocate them, the work has come to a standstill.
We want to bring about change in terms of serving the people," he said, urging the officers to work as a team and prioritize the goal of serving the public.
On the allegation by the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma that the parties working in the MDA government have remained silent against the MoU signed with Assam to resolve the seven disputed areas, Conrad said, “La “It is a silence or they have expressed their willingness to agree to the MoU, Dr Mukul did not attend the meeting”.
The school has a Resource Center and a Coaching Center to inform the students to succeed in their competitions in various Entrance Examinations.
In War Jaintia, the death toll of pigs in Lamin and Sohkha villages has reached 173 since June
To send a ruler to rule over the inheritance of the Mother Earth.
In another development, MDCs who did not attend the meeting were Latiplang Kharkongor of KHNAM, Ardent Basaiawmoit, Teilinia Thangkhiew and Pyniaid Sing Syiem of the HSPDP. Two MDCs from the Trai Ri Seng have pledged to support the Congress in the KHADC. They are not yet known. their names at the time of writing.
According to Bah Basaiawmoit, Sordars, Syiems, Ministers and any village authorities cannot own land and their authority is to rule over the heads of the people.
We don't know why the Government of Meghalaya has not implemented the Land Transfer Act ? The losses of the country and the nation in this regard have been enormous and painful to contemplate.
Shillong, July 16: The Indira Awaas Yojana has been implemented in the state since 1996 and has been implemented in the state since 1996. Its purpose is to provide housing to those who are poor and below the poverty line (BPL).
Upon receiving this news, the police of the area have conducted a thorough search operation to arrest the suspect.
MRB is the largest rural bank in India,” he said, adding that the bank has implemented a credit deposit ratio of 44 percent and has set a target to increase it to 50 percent over the years. to come.
To the villagers, the poor, the poor, remember that if you do wrong you will be taken to jail and a heavy fine.
Health experts believe that this this is all caused by mental overload.
Yediyurappa is 77 years old.
Referring to the NPP led by Conrad K Sangma which has 26 MLAs, the two BJP MLAs which have only 28 MLAs still need the support of other MLAs. to provide the census to form a government.
The HYC said that the spread of drugs is a threat to the people and the environment, said the HYC. The Municipal has been responsible for the damage to the environment and human life due to the emission of dust and pollution from the area.
The four new teachers are Babu Pynkupbor L. Mawnai as Headmaster, Babu Hambokjohn Lyngdoh, Babu Bhaboklang Marweiñ and Miss Peacefulness Merry Rashir.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Royal Wahingdoh Football Club (RWFC) has decided to suspend the tournament. I-League, the biggest football tournament in the country.
However, about 140 or 150 BJP workers who were attending the meeting ran forward and some of them went to the stage to greet Sonowal. .
Therefore, no one can be blamed, because it is the will of the people.
On the other hand, two leaders of KSU Mawlai Circle including Allan Star Marwein, Environment and Cultural Secretary, have resigned from the KSU Mawlai Circle. The President of KSU Mawlai and the forced dissolution of the KSU Mawlai as a whole.
Macmillan Byrsat also recalled the works done by the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP Party, including the repeal of the Double Registration Act, the resumption of the application for Birth Certificates to the DC. office, border settlement, Inner Line Permit (ILP) issue, Them motor issue, Land Bill, peace talks with armed groups, economic development and others.
He has eight bank accounts, his wife has only one bank account, he has only one Bolero, his wife has only one small truck.
Wanniang recalled that in 2018-19, Arunkumar Kembhavi, IAS Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills, was dismissed untimely, just because he did his job properly. convince others.
In any country or state, a meaningful life is one in which every citizen has a full life and economic development is primarily to include, include and uplift the poor and vulnerable. strength.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sohiong Circle has strongly condemned this incident and urged the law enforcement authorities to take action against this incident so that such incidents should not happen again. play chess.
Such as Sharjar, YouTube, Top Up, Internet, Network, Miskol, Missouri, WhatApps, Facebook, On Data, Off Data and others that are well heard by those who have smart phones,” said Santa's daughter.
They said that the school used to take 2,400 rupees for the improvement of the school but they said that this money they paid did not have any other sign of improvement.
Nongpoh, Nailur 12: To gather and speak for the welfare of the Kur Suting of Ri Bhoi, the Kur Suting of Ri Bhoi District has decided to hold a meeting in Ri Bhoi District. Pahamrioh will be held on 17th November, 2022 starting at 10.30 pm.
Let him go and bring him to me.
Prestone is still a Congress MLA, but he came to campaign for Pyniaid Sing Syiem, the NPP candidate. “I have a personal relationship with him and the people of Mawryngkneng constituency want me to be present on this day,” he said.
After thorough investigation, the charge sheet was registered on
· To celebrate the Azadi ka Amrit Mahotsav, the 3rd phase of the Fit India Freedom Run was launched on 2nd March 2022 to promote health among the residents.
The planting of coffee near the stones as is done in Khasi I believe is because the stones also act as mulch.
Thank you John F Kharshiing.
Donboklang Thabah has demanded that the MeECL office should not be affected by the sudden turning off of lights 4 or 5 times a day. The people living in the rural areas have turned off the lights more and more because this is really affecting, even in our areas there are many people who use the light no longer with lights as in the past and also the people Those who came to complain to me as a young man who works for the community in Upper Shillong, he said that you should reduce the load shedding or many others who just turn off without the right time ( The MeECL office at 7mer Upper Shillong which is in charge of Nongumlong Village should take action because this light outage has affected the village as a whole. .
Jowai, Nailar 17: The Behdeiñkhlam of the Raij Mukhla will be held on 23.08.2022 at Biar (Aitnar) in Mukhla Nongrim from 1.00 pm.
According to a source, although the construction of electricity in the village has not been completed, it is understood that the residents have been able to use and supply electricity to their homes. The extension of the work is also for the purpose of using the village for the big service which will start from today the 15th at the village.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: The Parliamentary Party of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday sought clarification from the CEM, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, on many issues that have happened in the district. In a letter signed by the Chairman of the PP, Bah Teiñwell Dkhar and Rona Khymdeit Secretary, the Council has raised and sought clarification on nine issues from Bah Pynshngaiñ. and they have set a deadline for him to respond by the 7th of this month.
In this inspection, the HNYF also found that many of the shops have received the license number from the government but these shops do not have any license number which should have been registered at the time of issuance. These courts are sent to the shop.
According to the residents of the village, in the past, the residents of the village, have faced a lot of problems due to the lack of drinking water and have had to walk long distances to get to the village. tong um, but now that they have received this water supply scheme, it has made it easier for the people in the village who have been able to go to collect water or walk a long distance.
Speaking on the occasion, they said that since the assumption of Pa'iem Nangtei Syiemiong as the Syiem of the Hima Langrin Syiemship in 2011 until now, thousands of children have enjoyed peace and harmony until today. They don't want any more conflict or chaos within the Hima but they want this peace to last for the good of the children of the thousands.
Speaking at the meeting, Metbah said that so far the people of the state especially from Khasi and Jaintia Hills have turned to the UDP. Many supporters from other parties like Congress, NPP He said that the UDP and HSPDP in the 2012 election had agreed to have a friendly fight.
Shillong, Nailur 07: The U-19 Girls Inter District Cricket Tournament, organized by the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) on Friday, ended in the end of the tournament. South Garo Hills Cricket Association and Shillong Cricket Association won the title.
On 24th October, the state government has set up three Regional Committees to review the condition of the seven border check posts which have to be resolved and to send a report within 45 days. day.
“Just because this is the election year, you have tried to create allegations just to confuse the people,” he said. “But I tell you that the voters are smarter than anyone else.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 24 : The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat today held a meeting with the owners of tourist spots across the district. The meeting was held at the Multipurpose Hall of the DC Office, Laitlawsang, Mawkyrwat.
In the time of Rev.John Roberts, the French and the Dykhars, especially the Dykhars, were not the Dykhars of this age, who wanted to seize the bill. the day, the income of the Khasi children.
D research scholars, he has published up to 60 research papers in leading international journals and pioneered various projects.
Not only that, but at the same time, we become wise and intelligent people after we have experienced being deceived and deceived by those who deceive us.
Man City on 25th January will look to become the first team to win two English titles when they face Man United in the final of the 2013 FIFA World Cup. The FA Cup will be played at Wembley.
Nongpoh: A Bolero has caught fire on the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi, Umran Dairy and Umsamlem villages, in which the driver of the vehicle has died. , he died hashen because he was injured in the car.
“We have come forward to speak to the media to request these two 2-lane roads because the loss of benefit will be to us the residents who live in these areas because we know that the Roads are the source of income and development in many areas,” he said.
From time to time we have seen the attacks on the citizens of the State on the border with Assam and we have lost precious lives just because of the inability to resolve the issue.
The meeting with the Minister, Hamlet said, was about the lack of action by the Chief Engineer of PWD even after he had lodged many complaints.
According to MEPAD, Banjoplang is the first student from the North East to graduate in July 2013 with distinction in the examination.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, expressed his gratitude and congratulations to the 72 people who came forward to donate blood and this can save the lives of those who have died. He urged everyone to have the spirit of working together to improve the welfare of the community. He also congratulated the CSR department of Star. Cement, which has contributed significantly to the development of the society in Jaintia Hills and other places, he also congratulated the company for providing employment to the people of the area. At the same time, he urged the company to create more job opportunities for the benefit of the people of the area.
KSU Laban Circle under the auspices of Laban Police Station, raided the Shelter Home and seized syringes and plastic containers containing drugs.
Has he been able to fulfill those demands? Have the roadblocks and closures of shops, schools, and traffic controls been beneficial? Doesn't this show that the protests of these organizations are only a threat to anyone? Doesn't it show that it is easy to demand by standing on the streets, but it is difficult to achieve it? and she was raised up, but she was not able to stand.
“Also, if you (Tynsong) as chairman of the High Level Committee (HLC) say that you don't have time to discuss this issue, then who else will give you time to discuss this issue,” he said. .
Police conducted a raid at Lumshnong at about 6:30 pm and seized a Tata Sumo registration number ML05 Q 6270, driven by an unknown person. Alfred R Buhril, resident of Lumjingsuk Block A, Madanrting, East Khasi Hills District.
During the talks with the district authorities, the vendors demanded that if the government cannot allow them to hold markets, the government should take responsibility and ensure that the goods should reach everyone. the thliew ing.
Sainhikiru Pale scored the first goal in the 8th minute while Chyrmang Wah beat Salaroh 3-0
Niang Raja was the Syiem of Synteng who came to this place to put Matti-Matjat as a seal to stay in this place.
This is not a trust fund but a subsidy.
Security forces have arrested seven militant supporters in Kashmir, police said yesterday. .
“Unfortunately, people take advantage of power or when they’re in power, but my family doesn’t take advantage of that power.
Samajwadi Party (SP) MP Jaya Bachchan today slammed the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), saying, “Their bad days will continue. I'm playing chess.
Solicitor General Tushar Mehta told the court after Amit Anand Tiwari, Additional Advocate General of Tamil Nadu, told the court in the hearing of the L.A. Nageswara Rao and BR Gavai, said that the Government of India has directed that the full injection should be completed in the state.
Rao said that the clothes are only clean, but there is nothing to see. “Upar Shervani, all style, no substance,” he said. from Gujarat, which has been accused of being Modi's skills.
The left-arm spinner, who had dismissed three wickets in the previous day, dismissed Kishlay in his first over and brought back the team's peace of mind. .
He said that the two bodies were recovered from the same place where the earthquake struck the two houses.
K.Veera Raghava Roa, IAS, Chairman, 9-Nongpoh AC and 10 Jirang AC. Narendra Kurmar Dugga, Chairman, 8-Mawhati. AC, 11 Umsning AC and 12 Umroi AC.
It may be recalled that many students in the State have faced difficulties in passing for CUET and some students have to write examinations abroad where they get information in a short period of time.
“This project has been handed over to NHIDCL and NHIDCL is currently surveying and acquiring land for the construction of the road in collaboration with the district authorities,” he said. said Prestone.
Kharpuri will remain as EM after KHNAM MDC from Mawkhar, James Ban Basaiawmoit has decided to resign from the post of EM in order to induct another HSPDP MDC as EM in the EC. Basaiawmoit has resigned from the post of EM to allow Kong Grace to remain as EM after the HSPDP has resigned. to appoint EM and one MDC in the new EC.
So I don't want to say they didn't help financially, but there is no clear budget for the NEP, there wasn't because it would involve a lot of money and we don't have to find a way to work," he added .
Shillong, Nailar 1: Jaiaw MDC Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday said that development comes after the nation.
Here too she made the people sit in darkness.
“We will send an inquiry into the incident at Lawjynriew Polling Station and this polling station is also a polling station which has web casting and after they have reviewed the video, we will know exactly what happened. Regarding the allegation that a BJP leader has distributed money to voters in Oakland, North Shillong Constituency, the SC Sadhu said that he personally inspected the polling station and sent a team of Police and Flying Squad but according to the report and information received, it appears that there was no polling station. There was only a public gathering but they were sent to leave the area and not to gather.
The final will be held on the 6th of November for all categories.
Besides, these plastic bags also pose a threat to animals and birds and have the power to destroy even the equipment used to supply electricity to the people.
The relatives of the child were surprised at the strange disease and on the same night they informed the village authorities and the village authorities under the leadership of David Syiemlieh The Sordar in the presence of the family members of the child went to the house of Dipolan to inquire why the child did this, but Dipolan said he does not know why.
Congress leaders in the past few days have alleged that the clashes and bloodshed in Manipur have been planned by gangs for a long time; The party leaders also demanded the imposition of President's Rule in Manipur to maintain peace and order in the state.
Mawkhar Dorbar Village.
The last season of the Khasi season is the rainy season which starts from the last month of April to the third month of October.
Shillong: Police of the Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) in collaboration with the Lumdiengjri Police Outpost on Tuesday arrested three persons. Three of them are men and two of them are women from Lower Mawprem.
During the meeting, Rahul expressed his strong opposition to the bill and promised the NESO that the Congress will not allow the bill to be passed if it is introduced in the Rajya Sabha.
Khrawbok Tongper has qualified along with other players from Meghalaya to take part in the 8th National Lawn Bowls Championship 2023 which will be held from 21 to 30 November 2023 in Guwahati.
Is this the rich man's words? To clarify everything, let us think and ask the following five contributions:-When farmers start preparing their crops, first of all they need to buy knives, knives, the seeds of the rnai, the trab, the knup, and also the fertilizers and medicines of all kinds.
Professor Lakhon Kma said that education cannot be taken stingy and primary education is very important.
All of them expressed their support to the GSMC for its protest in Garo State.
“Amazon India has improved my community.
Sunn expressed his sadness to find out the deterioration of this road which has affected the residents of Pyndenlitha, Wahsohlait, Sohpian, Nongspung and other villages in the area.
This resistance of the members of the party which did not think of appointing special forces from the Syiem Police and has shocked the ministers who are sitting in the shlem.
On this occasion, the MFA awarded him with a stem scarf and a momento and a cash prize of 100,000 tyngka.
Speaking at a meeting with traders, Tomas said the decision of the Indian government will make the North East the largest producer of palm oil in the country.
The candidates for the 2018 MLA election from Mawhati are Julius Dorphang, MLA, James Sylliang, MDC, PDF candidate, Charles Marngar of the Congress, Dasakhiat Lamare of the NPP, Donbok Khymdei of the UDP and Eva Kharbani.
Many children have lost out because they have to miss online classes and examinations, which has affected their education.
Mawsmai is home to the famous Nohsngithiang Valley, the beautiful Pubon Crematorium, Thangkharang Park, Eco Park and the newly opened Khmat Kharai Valley or Double Drive.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister, said that this is the first time for him as the Chief Minister to open a Civil Sub-Division. Pynursla Civil Sub-Division is one of the four Civil Sub-Divisions which the Government will open soon.
Besides Mizoram, Meghalaya will also prepare for home matches against Nagaland (from 24th November) and Manipur (from 15th November).
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) today confirmed two candidates for the 2023 elections from the National People's Party (NPP). Nongpoh Constituency and Martin M Danggo from Ranikor Constituency.
Acting Detective Inspector Timothy Williams said that after investigation, it was found that the suspect had gone to commit the crime alone and the police did not suspect anything. that there would be other people working with him.
He said that the state government has been sending tests for these foods to see if they are defective.
Dr Mukul said that during his tenure as Chief Minister, some border markets have been reopened since the outbreak of the war between East Pakistan and West. Pakistan in the year
My mother, because she was a child, my father also died when we were young, she gave us the Rangah Shnong and they will help her, we will get back like that,” said the husband.
Lorenza Songthiang was one of the nine athletes to represent India and win the bronze medal.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of MCTA, Bah AW Rani, said that the MCTA has received an invitation from the VC of NEHU on the 8th of this month to hold a discussion on the relevant issues. and the implementation of the NEP
The union has also tried to introduce artificial turf.
A report was also received by the General Secretary of the Seng, Rgh PD Nongrum, a welcome speech by the President, Rgh DK DKhar, and a song by various departments of the Seng.
Badariti also recalled the fact that at the time of the formation of the HSPDP, the Singh on the flags was only a symbol for contesting elections but the founders of the HSPDP The HSPDP has chosen the official logo of Khlieng with five stars and the choice of this logo has a purpose. Once every 40 years he goes up to renew his sner or thapniang and then he comes down again while the 5 stars represent the nation. It is time for the party to rise up to renew its strength and come down again so that the party across the Khasi Jaintia Hills will stand firm again.
According to this estimate, if the government does not take action to stop the issuance of fake Challans, it will lose tens of lakhs of rupees a day.
Even though Lawrence Bish has been in jail for nine years now, his followers continue to do the work he sent them to do and to harass Salman.
In this struggle heaven and God are involved and Jesus Christ paid a high price and was crucified.
Thousands of police officers have lost confidence in the High Court.
The country has been experiencing extreme heat waves, floods and drought in recent days, which scientists believe is due to climate change. of the world.
He said that the State Government has set a target to provide quality education in all aspects despite the challenges in various sectors.
He said that the party has decided to monitor the education sector especially in relation to the number of private schools which take advantage of the tuition fees they charge from the students and also in relation to the regarding the central government schools to allocate special allocation for children from poor families in accordance with the Right to Education.
We have lost a leader, who gave his life for the people.
The G20 also showcased India's rise to global status as it has been able to bring about balance.
Shillong: The Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in charge of Forest Department, Bah Victor Ranee, on Tuesday expressed his regret that the forests of the Council have become increasingly depleted.
It is true that the word "ethics" also refers to the morality of dignity in conduct and life, but Hans Kung did not intend to set rules for people or individuals how they should live or how they should live. walk to stand.
In terms of Article 21(a) of the Constitution of India, it is clearly stated that the Government should strengthen education from the ground up and the Government should appoint part-time teachers. , within three months or can be extended for 2 years or even 17 years.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, on Tuesday said that to fight against Covid-19 in the state, the state government needs a lot of assistance from the central government.
"He said that just as in the Gospel, Jesus invites those who are sick and burdened to come to Him, so it is the duty of everyone who believes and comes to Jesus to rest. .
The Government has amended the Land Transfer Act to enact the Meghalaya Land Regulation Amendment Act,
The body was later shifted for post mortem.
From their speech it was understood that they would not go to attend that day because they said, “How can we go if there is no invitation”.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the opposition MLAs said that they have said that they cannot comply with the request of the Prime Minister because their income is small and if they give it all to the east, they will face problems. Your constituency.
If some do not understand the words, the Jews when the cross was erected were shocked at the INRI.
Shillong, March 26: The residents of Mawpat, Langkyrding and other villages near the BSF camp at Mawpat-Langkyrding have demanded that the camp be relocated due to the violence. However, this demand of the residents may not be fulfilled because the KHADC has not yet issued its NoC.
Police have taken the necessary action and the investigation is ongoing.
The party has selected 10 intelligent and intelligent women candidates to contest the MLA elections to be held on 27th June
However, even the unemployed youth, if they are willing and able to work, can get small jobs and small jobs, besides agriculture.
“The Resident Doctors will stop treating patients from abroad as well as in intensive care units and even in ICUs as a sign of protest on Sunday and the strike. Dr Sumedh Sandanshiv, President of the Federation of Resident Doctors' Association (FORDA), said that the bill is against the Rajya Sabha. poor students, which is hostile to young people who are still studying and is also inappropriate in the way a democratic country works.
“Let the Government see that the people support us, let the people lose even a month because the future is bright,” said the President. The meeting was held at 12 noon at the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat.
Pyndap also asked many questions to Adelbert in the letter and one of the questions he asked was 'When were you one of the founders of KHNAM? Pyndap said in a letter that he does not accept the CEC led by Adelbert and alleged that the actions of Bah Adelbert are theft and fraud. bright.
When attempting to get information from the Superintendent of Police (District Jail), no exact information was received as the SP (Jail) said that he is on leave. Leave).
However, the police have accused him of being involved in car arson, petrol bomb blasts and other crimes.
Disparsing said the implementation of the roster system is because the Meghalaya High Court has issued a directive to the state government after it had filed a case against ZR Marak and later accepted it. to hear the Public Interest Litigation (PIL).
He said that the inquiry appointed by the government has its own role and he did not want to say anything on the Judicial Inquiry, but the government should have administrative responsibility.
I bench press 150kg, my bodyweight is 120kg and the super set is 150-155kg.
ce21 has won the third place.
RB Leipzig have won the German Cup twice in a row after beating Eintracht Frankfurt in the final in Berlin.
Lyngkhoi said that the villagers should not be afraid, as the Dorbar Shnong has provided the documents to prove that the village and all the Khasi villages in the area fall under Meghalaya. .
In 2012, the MHIS scheme introduced by the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma was well received, followed by the government of Tamil Nadu in 2017, and later by the central government. of Narendra Modi in 2019 as well.
“Coke factories which have received only the Consent to Establish (CTE), but have not yet received the CTO cannot start operating or mining coal.
He urged caution against attempts to undermine India's prestige and 'the introduction of false stories from time to time about India,' adding, “The time has come for us to Give a proper answer to those who spread stories against India.
On 28th July, the court ordered the Government of India and the State Government to continue the search for these coal miners.
She also directed the RBYF leaders to approach the higher authorities in Shillong to find out the facts, because at the time of appointment as an officer, she did not appoint or dismiss them.
Two of these children drowned and four others survived.
The goats had to eat grass, but the 15 goats went to eat grass in the forbidden field and so all 15 of them were caught.
The Dorbar Shnong Lumshnong strongly opposes and warns against holding a meeting without prior permission and agreement with the Shnong. they will take responsibility.
There are four recoveries, two from East Khasi Hills, one from West Jaintia Hills and one from West Khasi Hills.
On the other hand, NO Entry has been issued from Police Bazaar to Kachari Point – Raj Bhawan, from Lad CS to Raj Bhawan and also from Pinewood to Raj Bhawan.
However, all these explanations are like those in 'RI KHLAW' because no one accepts them until they have experienced the diseases in their own bodies.
Replying to the statement by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong regarding the preparations for the relocation of the HPC, the Secretary of the HPC, Gurjit Singh said, “We are equal. We are quick to speak as we have already mentioned in our reply to the Government and also to the High Court.
India under the skilled leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has brought traditional medicine to the forefront of revival in the world.
Regarding the non-payment of salaries to the employees of GHADC for many months, Earnest said that if the BJP comes to power, it will look into the implementation methods together. and adequate accounts so that the employees of this Council do not lose their salaries by collecting taxes or by ensuring that taxes do not escape.
The CAA Rule will allow foreigners to become citizens of India before 31 November
“And the whole earth wondered after the beast” Revelation 13:3
However, the surprising thing is that the village authorities have done what the government has ordered, they have quarantined those who came from abroad for 14 days, and after the expiry of 14 days, the government has ordered that they would leave their place of occupation to go from house to house without doing any test at all from the beginning of their occupation to the end.
The meeting was held at Nagaghat, Cachar Hills, where more than 40,000 Khasi Pnars attended the meeting.
Not only that, as soon as they arrived at the gate of the Prime Minister, they checked the names of the journalists, who were not already in a kotsada, where they were sent to sign those who were right and those who were not. some names, but they were turned away and some of them went away.
The meeting was also held to congratulate the people who elected him in the last election, at the same time to explain to the people about the job sector in the State.
The incident also affected the surrounding areas in many areas and damaged several houses.
In the cold season, people wear stang clothes and in the cold season, they wear long clothes.
He said the MBOSE will announce the date of the SSLC and HSSLC examinations until the Government decides.
Imphal: A recent clash between the Rapid Action Force (RAP) and the people of Manipur has broken out in Imphal on Tuesday evening. was burned by the people.
On the other hand, Bah Rocky Hek said, “Since before he became MLA, he has been able to introduce many schemes in the field of ambulance, market complex and many other development projects. “I have done it by bringing in various schemes from the Chief Minister Fund, and if you win as an MLA, I will work harder,” he said.
Other winners in the Miss & Mr South West Khasi Hills District category were Ibadonbok Syiemlieh in the second place and Amanda Paleishisha Kurbah Syiem in the third category. Nobleson Syiemiong came second and Kynphamlang Nongsiej came third.
For, behold, the LORD cometh forth out of his place to punish the inhabitants of the earth for their iniquity.
Speaking at Daram Square, Resubelpara constituency, Conrad urged the people to come together to support the party which has the spirit of improving Meghalaya.
Let us explain to him now that it is still the rainy season so that he will not be surprised,” said the father in a sympathetic voice.
Mawkhar Roosters and Kickstart FCC Rhinos.
On this special day for athletes, 135 athletes in various sports were honoured.
He also thanked the Young Mind Association of Ri-Bhoi for doing this to commemorate his life. “I would like to thank all those who have been involved in this day for the sake of the spirit of service for the welfare and development of the nation as a whole,” he added.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Rambul Thongni, General Secretary of KSU Nobosohphoh Area Unit and members of Hills Farmer Union, Rangblang.
UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh said the sub-committee has sent its recommendation to the CEC to take a satisfactory decision on the KHADC. The House Committee of KHADC will discuss the issues of the EC led by Bah Pynshngain N Syiem and a final decision will be taken on the 10th of June,” said Dr Mawthoh.
Nongdhar should have scored the second goal after Apborlang Kurbah passed the ball to Nongdhar who was in front of the net. Nongdhar fell on the ball and the opponent managed to knieh noh the ball after he stood up.
Not only that, they called again, while the second time, it was reported that Devrambhai, has recovered and the corona virus has subsided.
The Ramakrishna Mission has distributed rice to 110 households in the village on the 1st of this month.
The opening of shops in these areas will be suspended from 11:30 pm,” said Prestone.
Shillong, July 20: The growth of the state's economy is important for the income of Meghalaya.
They said the government has also set a target that by 2019, all households in the states and the country should have toilets and not go outside which is the cause of diseases. which is also the cause of poverty and backwardness of the country.
Speaking at one of the seminars, held at the 24th University of Turin, HH Mohrmen, who led the land grabbing in Meghalaya, NESFAS gave a speech on the issue of land grabbing.
"The public election will be held on the 14th of July and the deadline for filing of nominations will be on the 21st of July while the scrutiny of the nomination papers will be on the 22nd of July. Candidates who wish to withdraw their nominations have been allowed until 24th July,” said Sampath.
The Dorbar Shnong invites everyone to work together to bring about a clean environment in the village.
This also surprised Saeng's 28-year-old roommate, who lives near Laos, and told his boss that his friend was sick.
It is also a public warning to know that whatever is written in this document is in accordance with the government's orders and will remain in force until it is changed.
During the meeting, the DC promised to take over the matter and look into the report of the investigation and also to give a copy to the party.
However, Bah Process said that if there is an order of the Supreme Court banning people from contesting MLA/MDC from the constituencies they have fled, he will not propose to contest the election. now.
“We have to raise this issue because if we talk about the issue of farmers, the distribution of piglets and other schemes have been done and turned into NPP schemes,” he added.
We hope that the investigation by the CBI will be satisfactory.
The Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament 2023 will be held for the Under-14 boys and Under-17 boys and girls categories.
B Riang said that NEHU has been celebrating Christmas, Eid, Holi every year but it is sad that groups like RSS and ABVP are trying to create ethnic differences. affect the peace and order within the school.
We see that our Prime Minister, Narendra Modi does not have any crucial issues to speak to the people of India in terms of development works which his government has done. to complete or to implement (fulfilled) and those that remain to be completed.
He said that if the state government cannot give an estimate of how much it has spent on the 40%, the central government will not release the remaining 60%. more than 60% because you can't count.
Through these goals, the player from Assam has become the highest scorer in the tournament this season.
The Waheh Shnong of Tuber Kmaishnong, Jiedlang Sana, took action to inform the Fire Service of Ladrymbai, but the strong wind increased the spread of the fire.
Two schools in Mawryngkneng and the church in Pomlahier have benefited from the hard work of Sohryngkham MDC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem who is also the Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
The hearing said that any village falls under the jurisdiction of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima or Elaka, where they fall under the jurisdiction of the Khasi District Council. Electors and Rangbah Shnong of Mylliem Syiemship) Act,
The house is located near Pearly Dew School in Jaiaw Laitdom.
He said that last year, about 70 percent of the funds allocated by the NEC could not be used. He said that the management of aircraft in the region will be improved.
Through the childbirth training, health workers have become better equipped to recognize problems during childbirth and to initiate treatment within 60 seconds.
Most of the taxis in Shillong are Maruti 800 vehicles and these vehicles are operating around the city these days and most of these vehicles with the numbers ML 05, ML 05 A,B are They have been operating for more than 40 years and until today, they continue especially to Mawlai, Jaiaw.
Although the vehicle did not burn down, the front parts of the engine burnt down completely and at the time of the incident no one could see it as it was midnight.
Alleging that the TMC is trying to take away the rights of the border residents who are living peacefully, the chief minister claimed that when he visited some places recently, he heard Conrad said that when they saw that the party has the desire to resolve this issue, the TMC The TMC once again wants to put these people in trouble and the people are angry with the TMC. He also criticized the UDP for the same action.
What Meghalaya urgently needs now is (i) to strengthen the Land Acquisition Act to ensure the ownership of land by the residents, to strengthen the Environmental Protection Act and to abolish the single window policy.
But he did not see any fruit.
The Prime Minister is a servant of the HC. All the decisions taken violate the customs and traditions of the people,” said the HNLC. ban the media from publishing the Pahang Shnong of the party.
“I would be happy if the police would come to patrol me so that there would be cleanliness and clarity whom I was going to meet,” she said.
Speaking to media, Bah Kyrmen said that he took this decision together with the NPP Sutnga-Saipung Leader Santa Mary Shylla after considering the expressions of the people. feelings regarding this topic.
The BJP has criticized MPCC President Vincent H Pala for accusing the BJP of trying to win the trust of the people.
“God is great and we cannot see him, the number of his years is unsearchable”.
Participants were advised not to drink alcoholic beverages.
The tournament has already been held in 4 Block; The semi-finals and finals were held in Jowai.
Today, Partha was interrogated all night after the seizure of the money.
Shillong, July 07: The Leader of the All India Trinamool Congress (ANC) Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, who is also the Leader of the Opposition, on Tuesday swore to fight against corruption and corruption. bring about a sense of national difference.
Bergamo, in northern Italy, has been the worst affected, with 20 diocesan priests dead and 17 others in hospital.
“The people were very happy that I left the BJP to join the Congress.
JOWAI: The Trust Committee of Khliehriat District in collaboration with the Khasi Education Department of Jaintia Eastern College and Umrasong Presbyterian Church on Saturday commemorated the 178th birth anniversary of Rev Thomas Jones, the Father of Khasi Studies. Khasi has been written since July 22,
Shillong, June 4: The Khasi National Awakening Day (KSU) has been celebrated as the day of Tirot Sing Syiem's ​​declaration of war against the Khasi National Awakening Day. to the British government.
The deadline for registration is June
Assam Minister Piyush Hazarika on Tuesday inspected Khanduli area as part of the border resolution between Meghalaya and Assam. Assam.
Agartala: There have been 13 new cases of Covid-19 in the state, said Biplab Kumar Dev, Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
At the same time, various Deputy Commissioners have been appointed to ensure, according to the circumstances of their respective areas, for the conduct of online or offline classes, in consultation with the health authorities. you are healthy.
The first goal was scored by Nangkiew Irat through Shaibor in the 62nd minute. Shortly after that, Sawmer SC played hard and in the 71st minute, Diego Khriam had the opportunity to score. Shaibor in the 83rd minute had the opportunity to score the second goal for the side. Nangkiew Irat which led to the score of three points and the victory.
This was stated by Bah Hamlet while speaking as the Chief Guest at the meeting of the AH & Veterinary Department held in Upper Shillong in the presence of the Chief Minister.
All the speakers encouraged the Khasi students in Bangalore to be disciplined in their walking, to succeed in their studies in order to bring honor to their family, nation and themselves. also the same.
Many civil society organizations, including the KSU and other organizations have commemorated the 179th death anniversary of Tirot Singh. Political parties including the UDP, KHNAM and BJP have commemorated the death anniversary of Tirot Singh.
Currently, 91% of children have been vaccinated to prevent any serious diseases which almost other states cannot do.
Police sources said that they were fined T.500 each and a total of T.5
I sent directly there because I know and see with my own eyes that this hospital takes great care of the patients who come from the countryside.
Dear friends, in these days of staying at home, it is good for me to write something related to the teaching of the Word of God.
He said that the death of four elders in Mukroh village at the hands of the Assam Police will not be the last death but a sacrifice of their lives. and that the state will surprise the people to resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam which has been standing for 50 years.
The JNC has warned that it is ready to take other routes if the government does not immediately stop the proposal to build a railway line in East Jaintia Hills.
According to a police source, the two arrested persons have received the firearms in a bag and they will hand over the firearms to the people. Srinagar has been arrested for allegedly committing violence and murder in the area.
Some of them walked in the streams, some of them talked to the villagers and some of them experienced the fruits and vegetables that grow in those areas.
The Vice Chancellor refused to leave his office after the students shouted slogans in front of his office.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The recruitment ceremony held on Saturday at Polo, witnessed the influx of Khasi youth to fight for the army.
He said that his appearance is due to the rule of law in the state and especially in Sohiong he finds that there are many shortcomings, whether it is in agriculture, income, education. , roads and others.
However, no evidence has been found that the BJP has ordered the closure of churches.
This part may require a thorough investigation by linguists to explain in detail.
They were among the multitudes who looked to Jesus with great hope and expected him to deliver and save them.
Shillong, March 29: The election meeting of the HSPDP candidate held today at Nongpendeng, Nongstoiñ has started to stir up but the Dorbar Shnong Nongpendeng has extinguished the fire. and one of the elders before the multitude.
East Khasi Hills (EKH) came first, followed by Ri-Bhoi, West Jaintia Hills and South West Khasi Hills. In fourth place, West Garo Hills, West Khasi Hills, East Jaintia Hills, Eastern West Khasi Hills, North Garo Hills, East Garo Hills South Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills.
God looks at our hearts and our lives, not just the sounds of prayers with our mouths.
However, many have taken advantage and mislead the people by politicizing this urea fertilizer for personal gain.
When asked, he said, “On the extension of the protocol, it is because many of the people have already been vaccinated, especially those who come from abroad. sien, so on my part, I urge the people to go and vaccinate themselves because this is the only way to prevent this disease.
The Ministry of Minority Affairs, through the Scholarship Division of the Union Government, has issued a notice to provide scholarships to students from Class I to Class X called the Pre-Matric Scholarship for Minorities. Apply online through the National Scholarship Portal (NSP) by the end of this month.
Astrazeneca, a pharmaceutical company in the United Kingdom, has said that a vaccine licensed in India called covidshiel can cause blood clots. .
In the 2nd Division, Raitsamthiah beat Nongthymmai 1-2
That is why it is important that we build the right mindset and guide the youth in the right direction so that they can become a force of nation building that we have never seen in history.
On the other hand, Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, Secretary of the HSPDP and Minister of PHE, said that the HSPDP has not yet received the letter sent by the Congress to the political parties. “We have heard that the Congress wants to send a letter to the political parties in the MDA, but so far no political parties have received the letter. “If the HSPDP receives such a letter, we will have to consider whether it is necessary to have a discussion”.
God is with him and supports him so that he does not fall.
Nongpoh: The General Executive Meeting of the Umsning Constituency People's Forum (UCPF) on Tuesday said that they want Bah Sunshine Makri to contest from the ticket. United Democratic Party (UDP), in the 2023 elections from Umsning Constituency.
Even ambulances were stuck for hours in the traffic jam.
There are no retainers.
To walk on those kinds of roads, you have to walk on the road.
Therefore, we request you, Bah Khlur Lamjingshai Lyngkhoi, to be more careful in reading your thylliej without shyieng. According to your writing, we don't understand whether you are the Rangbah Kur Iawphniaw or the Rangbah Kur Iawphniaw. Deputy Syiem of the Hima Nobosohphoh for explaining all the affairs of the Kur, the village and the Hima.
On October 29, an Independent Inquiry Committee headed by Justice (Retd) RN Mishra was appointed by the Government to investigate the allegation of misuse of MeECL. .
On the other hand, the EM incharge of the Elaka, Bah Jambor War, replied that the border issue is the issue of the state government, but these issues affect the raid and the Hima and the villages. The EM said that the KHADC had received information about the construction of Assam on 20th March by local MDC Victor Ranee. The Executive Committee has appointed the EM incharge of the Elaka.
Deputy Intelligence Chief Vadym Skibitsky on Saturday estimated that there are about 4,20,000 Russian troops in eastern and southern Ukraine, including those in Crimea. .
Jowai, Jymmang 01: The Rotary Club of Jowai on Tuesday held a special meeting with its Rotary members. Metropolitan Area RID-3282 Sylhet.
The Minister denied that the holding of festivals is not to waste money but to improve the income of the people.
They also know how to tyngkhip and tyngkai, in their speech, and in their speech.
The trade in synsar and dewbilat was established.
The celebration was filled with the holiday of the tricolor Lama of the country in every house, school, Government office and even commercial and private vehicles as well.
Shillong: On the 17th June 2024, which is also a school day, the bookstore in Ïewduh was crowded with people who came to buy books.
Brilliant Warjri was invited to attend the meeting.
The eviction of the people from Langpih in 1979, the shooting death of four Khasi elders by Assam police in Langpih on 14th June
We have been told in these years by the elders of those times, including Bah BB Lyngdoh, PR Kyndiah and others, that Capt.
When asked whether he supports Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) who is on strike on the demand that the Government should improve the employment quota, he said. that in any struggle for the good of the people and the nation, every citizen should have the support and encouragement.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its special gratitude to the District Administration of Ri Bhoi District for taking the initiative to prevent and control the spread of Corona Virus (COVID-19). .
That evening he ordered his sister Agatha Sangma (whom he ordered to support in Dec 2019) to oppose CAA and palm oil plantation.
The Minister's remarks came after the Sur Ki Nong Mawlai demanded that the State Government should make public the report of the inquiry.
Sharma, who tied first, scored 10 runs in the 10th over and scored four runs while Phawa, who tied first, scored 10 runs. has earned a good run.
Many of the speakers at the meeting pointed out the decline in the value of Khadar rule in the state until there has been only yiarmangkalai and a lack of skilled scientists as in the past.
“I will nominate my own people to contest this election,” she said.
It will be one of the job creation opportunities in Umkiang, after the opening of 5 Areca Nut Processing Units or manufacturing plants such as plates, bowls and shamoid and others related to the environment because the kwai is only the leaves of the kwai tree.
Rangdajied United FC started their journey in the Meghalaya State League 2023 by beating Niaw Wasa 2-0 on Thursday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The Supreme Court of India has postponed the hearing of the case in the Umkhrah River in Polo area to 30th November.
Nongpoh, June 25: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today strongly criticized the District Council and especially the EM Trade for the expenditure of foreigners who come to work without permits. and also to set up businesses without Trading License for those who have just come to work and do so.
He further said, “ There is a big gap between retired and non-retired.
Young people on the internet should respect each other's rights and freedoms without being jealous.
Bah Celestine Syngkli, who was also confirmed as the Rangbah Shnong, along with the members of the executive committee, was appointed as the leader of the village after being re-elected by the people of the village. you're right.
When involved in such robbery, children try to hide from their parents their encounter outside the home.
As mentioned earlier, politics is not dirty but it has been corrupted by those people who have forgotten that evil mind and their wicked and unrighteous hearts and it is through these people that They have been able to buy and take part in the Khadar rule. They have destroyed the Khadar rule. It is not politics that destroys man but it is the hypocrites who do not fear God. Those who are corrupt in thought, who corrupt the rule of Khadar, when they have taken over the power of rule, they corrupt all these things.
On the other hand, we strongly request the authorities to look into this road and also to expedite this road because the existence of this Institute has benefited many youths in this area and the district as a whole. other.
The area is famous for its biodiversity, diversity of ethnic groups and beautiful places such as hills, clean rivers and dense forests. the Mart has sections on B2B experiences between buyers from domestic and international markets and Northeast sellers, exhibitions by regional states, Northeast market, music, the demonstration of food, technological equipment that enabled the participants to gain an understanding of the tourism activities available in the area.
The Rangbah Shnong of Lawkhla Mawlong, Bah Swotsharlin Marbaniang, congratulated the residents of Lawkhla Mawlong.
Speaking on the occasion, Agarwal congratulated the NRAI for choosing Shillong as the venue for the programme.
Ajima Sangma (1/19) and Daiaka Warjri (2/24) scored 129/1 for 196 for the loss of all wickets in 47.1 overs.
Conrad K Sangma said the Deputy Commissioners (DCs) of Kamrup district of Assam and West Khasi Hills of Meghalaya have received information about the incident at Umwali and there has been a discussion between them. the Chief Secretaries, DGPs and SPs of both the states.
“Love yourself first and respect others” is a profound and meaningful phrase especially for the Khasi Khara as a nation – which needs to be thought about, questioned and developed according to the needs. that the most important thing for the nation is to survive and remain in the name or reputation here on earth.
“We should also introduce a zero tolerance policy on corruption in the State.
“We have not yet discussed who will lead the group, but we have met the Prime Minister as a group of 16 members,” said Bah Shylla.
Regarding the suspension of the implementation of the scheme, most of the villages belong to the Mawthadraishan C&RD Block.
Bah Sutnga said that private laws such as inheritance, marriage, religion, language, customs and private ownership of land belonging to the people and not to the Government, are peculiarities as a maternal lineage, and these will be excluded in the unequal embrace of paternal lineage, on the one hand which will manifest itself in the form of the UCC.“This “If the UCC becomes a law, it will affect our way of life and the privacy protected by the Constitution of India,” he said.
“Although I know that it is a new party, it is a party that has the right leaders and those who have that responsibility for the country and the people,” said Bah Jayson.
This increase in drug arrests shows that the number of drug users has increased, because if there are no drug users, how can there be many drug traffickers?
“When the EC has failed since 20th November and he is still holding the files of the Trade Department, it shows that he still does not claim to be the EM of the Trade Department. to trade.
Nongpoh: The Joint Action Committee (JPC) of All Ri Bhoi Passenger Vehicles (APC) today held a meeting with the unions of various commercial vehicle drivers, including Buses, Suma, Local Taxis and Auto Rickshaws. The rally in Nongpoh was to express their strong opposition to the state government's decision to increase the price of diesel and petrol.
He will arrive in the city on Saturday.
Another complaint from Majai is that those who speak against the actions of the Syiem whether they are sordars or village headmen are charged.
What is more surprising is that he has not called a single meeting of the Board of Research Studies.
The arrested were identified as Subash Biswas, 19, of Khyndai Lad and Pradip Jaswal, 37, of Lower Lumparing.
“The most sad thing is that during the rainy season the river is very strong so it is impossible to cross these bridges to Dainadubi or Damra,” said the village leaders.
The following is an example: “My husband went to the east billions of years ago, To the place where he used to walk; With me to Salem Chooid.
Regarding this incident, seven Rangbah Shnongs of Sohiong area met with the MeECL engineer and he said that the increase in the bill is due to the outstanding bill.
The police should not be allowed to cross the border if the time requires, they should follow the example of Mizoram so that our people should no longer be harassed, intimidated or tortured. " said Mr. Nongrum.
Shillong Lajong FC have three points from their opening match of the I-League 2018-19 after beating Aizawl FC 2-1 at the JN Stadium today. , Polo Shillong.
Enlightenment will also be conducted in schools, colleges and markets.
More drugs were also seized from their residence in Demthring Block-1
“I said that if Bah Synshar wins, there will be many changes in the party, strength in the party and to encourage the 11 MLAs of the UDP. I don't understand what I'm saying," he said.
The CEM also clarified the allegation that the KHADC has spent T.5 crore for the Mawbynna Festival or the Monolith Festival. part of the construction of various buildings at Tynrai village in Mawphlang.
When God turned Sodom and Gomorrah into ashes and destroyed them, He made them an example (from generation to generation) to the Gentiles.2 Peter 2:4-7
Speaking to media after leaving the police station, Babu said that the police alleged that the teachers were the ones who led the riots on that day, because they led various political parties and violation of 144 CRPC which has been imposed on the Secretariat.
The deterioration of this road is extreme, especially during the rainy months, due to the flooding which affects the health of the villagers and commuters through this road and the houses of the people have been covered. all with that pump pump.
As the Minister of Urban Affairs, he had promised to build a flyover and also promised to build large buildings in the area where there will be a parking lot to improve the city but they have not succeeded.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the Cherry Blossom Festival, 2018 organized by the Forest and Environment Department in collaboration with the Bioresources and Sustainable Department. IBSD as well as the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR), the Government of India.
In the women's final, Nagaland beat Meghalaya 1-0 with Maryiln scoring in the first half.
Barisha L.Mawlong said that Bah Kynsailin Kharphanbuh is over 60 years old and he is wearing a dark gray jacket and a blue sweater.
Not a single person is willing to file a PIL against MeECL for their rights.
“In Nongstoiñ, since the incident of Bah LG Nongsiej, I don't know anyone else, there has been a stir. Even in Nongstoiñ, the strongest seat is in Rambrai. “I don't know what happened in the mid-term MDC elections, I'm sorry if it's like this,” said Badariti Lyngdoh Nonglait.
He said that the union is deeply saddened by the inability of the state government to continue the construction of a school building in Khlieh Umwang village which has been destroyed by the Assam government and other problems faced by the state government. The paid border of the state has been under the control of the Assam government from time to time.
The directive clearly states that consideration and decision may be taken to release prisoners during the celebration of 'Azadi ka Amrit Mahotsav,' except those convicted of rape.
“Mawreng, Lad Mawreng is my constituency, why don't you inform me that I will do what is necessary, why don't you inform me that there is a problem in the Cantonment Area, I will do what is necessary,” said Bah Sun.
The Annual School Sports Meet 2022 was attended by four teams, Red House, Blue House, Green House and Yellow House.
S.K.NKam did not want to leave Synod College because the college through the Principal and teachers had awarded her with a large donation for two years of study for her passing in all subjects. u year.
Before the distribution, a meeting was held at the village, where the Rangbah Shnong of Umlakhar, Bah D Marsing welcomed the RBYF leaders and received the foodgrains. sam sha that lanot.
Furthermore, it may be that it is a different song with more beautiful words.
“The Garo have not demanded much but there have been insufficiencies in the past which we want to prove to them.
James Sylliang said that all the Rangbah Shnongs of Mylliem Hima should announce this publicly in their villages so that all the people can take part in the Hima Dorbar. .
The body of Victoria was found on Friday from the toilet of Dispur Police Station, which police admitted to have committed suicide.
Therefore, on all these, Bah Mawrie may be removed and in his place the leaders from Delhi may appoint other leaders.
Therefore, the assumption made in this report is groundless as it does not look at these facts of population.
He said the Commission has already appointed a chairman and needs to pass to implement the Act after promulgating an ordinance earlier.
Forensic experts and doctors who were present at the scene, said that the DC and SP had banned them from talking to the media.
The Mawhati MDC also urged the government to pay more attention to the improvement of this road, which is one of the most important roads for the people living on the border of Meghalaya. and Assam.
When asked whether there has been any new appointment in the jail after the inspection of the former DG (Prison), Agarwal said that there has been no appointment. Regarding the progress of the work in the jail since the past, Agarwal said he could not give an account because the sanction has not been received from the government. and the buildings that were not there were broken down, and were destroyed.
When asked how the UDP can provide good services with its two Ministers, he said, “Skills in the working methods are essential, it does not depend on the number of paid.
In Ribhoi District, there are 3 cases and in West Garo Hills, there are 2 cases.
And when the prayer was finished in the synagogue, they said that the worship of God was finished.
How can we include the Khasi language in the 8th grade if no one uses it?
Shillong, Jymmang 17 : The East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (EKHCA) Cricket Tournament (EKHCA) has been held on Thursday.
For those readers who are not smart or have not yet traveled around to see, know and experience the life of the people and the beauty of nature in the villages of Ri Khasi, Jaintia and Garo, I would like to suggest you to visit the villages of War Jaintia, Khyrim, Sohra, Mawsynram, Maharam, Langrin and Nongtrai. The kingdom of Nongstoin, in the time of Synrai.
In the second half, SCA lost only three wickets on their way to winning by seven wickets in 14 overs.
On Tuesday, Bah Lahkmen also briefed the party leaders after visiting the village.
He said that the Athiabari area has been experiencing darkness for almost 2 years and in 10 months the light is only 10 months or sometimes 45 days. Most of them are in darkness and regarding the CEO's statement on the non-payment of electricity, he said how can they pay when there is no electricity, and regarding the theft of electricity why those employees? MeECL does not come to remove it themselves but sends it back to the villagers which is not their responsibility.
“On the 7th of June, while we were cleaning the body before burying the remaining body, we found that there were many marks on the body especially the marks on the neck, marks on both sides. Two hands, a scar on the back of the neck and on the right hand,” said the Kurs in a complaint lodged with the Tura Police Station.
“The same was in the beginning with God, and was God.
Not only that, he said that there are also houses, which have been destroyed, in the villages, which fall under the Raid Mawshun.
Although the yield is high, the new varieties cannot survive the rainy season.
He also claimed that he had witnessed it himself, having seen with his own eyes this change of color of the water.
He said that initially they had not received any information about the IVCS and after the explanation from DBMU they received the information and started the IVCS on 25th November, 2017 with the aim of helping in the banking system. and other development projects within the village, district and state as a whole.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) Central Body (MUPSTA) on Tuesday held a protest at Kynton-U-Mon Lad, Nongkrem.
Life:- We all believe that man was created by God (although there are people who were created by Satan like the people of Nod); and it is God who has given life.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The Sohra Coal Suppliers Association (SCSA) has strongly opposed the NGT committee's order not to pay the tax on coal in advance.
Super expensive.
Lyngdoh said the state government has not received any directive from the ECI on the matter of registering these people as voters.
In fact, the decision taken by the House has already been sent to the Central Government.
Hamar Lyngkhoi said, “We need you leaders to come out and give your support in front of the people and tell us to work together for this issue. , you don't need it on social media.
Silva Sangma, Secretary Umdem Village, said that the residents of Umdem Village have not been able to live without electricity for three years. , because since the time of the transformer failure, no one has come to look at it, and as it is now, it has been covered with niut ki nier.
I pray that God will raise up this SPIRIT OF PATRIOTISMS AMONG US BROTHERS. The invasion of the French and the rise of the Dkhars is indeed a sign that we should love our country. God has given us grace.
The All Tribal Students' Union (ATSUM) in the past few days has expressed its strong condemnation and opposition to the order of the High Court of Manipur which has ordered the State Government to introduce The Meitei people have been included in the Scheduled Tribe (ST) List of the State.
Judas sold his master to his enemies for only 30 pieces of silver, he was happy that he had received money or wealth and this came from the heart of Judas' wealth.
That is why God says – “Let not the wise man glory in his wisdom, neither let the mighty man glory in his might, neither let the rich man glory in his riches.
AIR Chief Marshal Birender Singh Dhanoa, PVSM, AVSM, YSM, VM, ADC. Shillong: As part of the campaign to condemn the failure of the State Government to implement the Inner Line. Thirteen organizations under the umbrella of the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (COMSO) today held a public meeting at Motphran.
The air pollution during such times in Mumbai was between 2.5 and 10 microns (PM2.5 and PM10).
In the first half, Shi Dust of Shillong scored the first goal and in the second half, PLSK scored the first goal. get to score 1 goal.
Amit Nag scored the first goal for Chhattisgarh in the 10th minute while Farhan Nazir Sheikh scored the second goal for J&K in the 8th minute.
To Abraham, God said, “I will bless them that bless thee, and curse him that curseth thee” (Genesis 11:3).
Besides, the program also provides training on how to convert Krai into other food items.
When asked about the rules and regulations of the party, he replied, “We as the party believe that the most important thing is to follow the rules and regulations of the party. to serve the people and we also turn to the candidate who has the hope of winning.
Police are investigating the case of the East Jaintia Hills Sengbhalang leader to find out more about his illegal activities especially in connection with robbery and extortion.
The Act shall apply equally to STs and SCs throughout India.
Call attention- Werbor Pynshai The power given to the Members of the Legislative Assembly to call for clarification in the Legislative Assembly on public issues that are urgent in the society.
On 12th June, the Central Government has decided to exempt all colleges affiliated to NEHU from the operation of CUET. “Due to the distance of the villages, the lack of digital technology and others, all the colleges affiliated to NEHU will continue to enroll students as usual instead of CUET,” he said. Pradhan has sent a letter to the Chief Minister.
His body has not been recovered till Sunday night.
Speeches were also delivered by the farmers of Umsning area, who expressed many of the problems they face during the farming season, but one of the most important issues they face is It is about the difficulty of getting water to the places where the seeds are planted.
Computer Baba also disagreed with the creation of a separate cattle breeding department in the state and said there was no point in having a separate cattle breeding department.
The Bible clearly states that we have all sinned and fallen short of the glory of God. What is the reason for this? It is sin and curse comes and therefore what we have lost needs to be restored.
At the same time, she said that the public should not believe the results on social media without knowing the truth.
The party has demanded to improve and clean up the 2 km Larem to Nongsynrieh road at a cost of T.99,90,800/- and to clean up the 2 km road from Phodjaud to Mawrap at a cost of T. ,24,000/- for the cleaning of the 2 km village road at Rangdikhew at a cost of T 98,57,200/-, the 7 km road at Marshillong – Jakrem at a cost of T. 3,29,96,0
Before the distribution of these tins, a short meeting was held led by Tellme Dkhar at Lapangap Dorbar Hall in the presence of Mynsngat-Khanduli MDC Dawan Lyngdoh, village leaders, villagers including parents. teenagers and young children.
He said that education is very important in these days, that the students should be able to have the spirit of struggle and compete with others to come forward in their studies, because only the students minutes and hard work that reach the clearing of the name.
They said that in a meeting with the District Transport Officer of Ri Bhoi, they have sent a letter of complaint to the District Transport Officer of Ri Bhoi District. HANM, Ri Bhoi, said that the HANM, Ri Bhoi District has not affected the public who visit the office for various purposes related to vehicles.
The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government is unwilling and dominated by the coal factories in Jaintia Hills.
In this regard, it has decided to provide T.34 per kilo of rice to the beneficiaries, for an additional 5 kilos of food items such as shana, seeds or shyieng. under the implementation of the 'Anna Bhagya' scheme.
“How can man-made money, books be the master of man, we have to understand that we hold the mastery.
Prof. DP Singh, Chairman of the University Grants Commission (UGC), also delivered a speech on the occasion.
The Union of Elders, besides the 38 villages in the city, includes 68 villages from Laitkor, Shilliang Umkhen, Upper Shillong and Mawlai to Mawiong.
“I don’t know any of this.
Jowai, July 16: The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District has announced that the day of drug ban will be held on the 26th July as part of the Republic Day celebrations.
The Village of Khliehriat West.
It is also believed that the people in this raid used to bring the seeds of japnah (khawpnah) from this place and near this place there is a river Umngei and in this place the children of thousands used to believe that There is a Ryngkew who lives to look after the law kyntang. It is also said that the Makri clan used to hold a kñia ka khriam once a year at the Pnah Kyndeng. Nonglyngdoh with a white goat and a white cow with the prayer of phirat, for the blessing of the children of thousands within the raid.
On this occasion, as the HNLC has said, if the MDA does not provide sufficient evidence, it should call the Investigating Agencies to investigate.
This report was submitted to the Legislative Assembly in recent days.
“As happened in West Bengal, I as in Meghalaya too, we can witness such an unprecedented violence,” said the NPP leader. Nine people were injured when they attacked the vehicle of an NPP MDC from Phulbari on Tuesday night.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle (KSU) has congratulated the Sub Divisional Officer (Civil), Amlarem Sub Division Madam, JU Kharpuri, for taking care of the complaint against a foreigner named Jagir. who gave the Dkhar clan, who also received his Epic Card in Mupyut.
When contacted by many of the church leaders in West Khasi Hills District, they said that they cannot deny the fact that premature marriage is still common these days especially in the village.
Firstly, it is the money to spend, of course because the nurses are Government employees, the State Government allocates and supports the families of the government employees, but when will the Government release the money and it will take several months.
The works of Tantia Company are still pending and have yet to be paid.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Minister of Transport, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare, the Minister of Water Resources, Bah Brolding Nongsiej, the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pai'em PM Syiemlieh, the Commissioner. Deputy Commissioner of Transport, Bah IW Ingty, Deputy Commissioner of Police W.Nongsiej, Superintendent of Police Bah MB Syiem, employees of various departments of the State Government, Mr. Village Leaders, Principals of Schools in the area and others.
The program was conducted by Memorïal Khongaiñ, Officer of MSSDS in charge of West Khasi Hills, in the presence of Bah HK Thabah Additional Deputy Commissioner, officers from other departments including Deputy Labor Commissioner, SDO, Industrial Training Institute, other government officials, Rangbah Shnongs and producers of food items such as umsoh, ashar, and others such as tar and other items.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Kevin Ranee, owner of the academy, told Batesi TV that the reason for setting up the academy is to enable the youngsters to understand the sport. and to be able to leave the country, they must be skilled in it.
Shortly after, it was found that he was in Himachal Pradesh, where he was taken by his mother.
Kong Linda KongwangHow to love and care for their children in today's world Parents are the ones who love their children the most without any rules.
He said the name 'Harmony of Hope' was chosen because no matter how many difficulties they face, there is always hope.
