On tourism, Ma Rymbui said that about T.40 crore has been allocated for the development of tourism in the region.
According to the directive issued by the KHADC, no Residential Certificate (syrnot) shall be issued to any person who is not of the Khasi-Jaintia community for the purpose of applying for a Permanent Residential Certificate/Domicile Certificate. Executive Meeting of the Village.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner explained about many schemes available from the government for the development of forests by planting trees.
On May 3, a Mombasa court extended the inquiry against the leader for incomplete testimony.
He added that this TIC will be a platform for the production of various foods from Phan.
Earlier, the District Administration had enforced Section 144 CrPC in the area within 200 meters around the Secretariat. Dr. Ricky Syngkon, General Secretary and several members.
He said that the government will first talk to GVK Company on the 5th of this month to see if they can agree.
When asked about the reasons why the party has not been able to win as expected, Bah George said it is due to the misuse of money and mismanagement of the party.
During the meeting, one of the questions from the District Administration was on the Basin Development (BD) and the implementation of this scheme. The BD has helped a lot and the team in charge of this scheme has also visited many villages to investigate the needs of the people especially on poverty.
“I have been in KHADC for 30 years and I have never seen such corruption,” said Bindo. He added that the party will soon meet with the Governor to discuss the issue. He said that there are several issues which the HC has not examined related to the 9 cases. the UDP has asked for clarification.
This precedence shows that for SC/ST, the allocation is based on the Census or paid income.
The chief of the Akal Takht, a Sikh group, has demanded the dissolution of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS). it is the destruction of India.
This is why, we sent another team.
Our people like to honor others, They don't care if they are rich to sell at a high price;
The member of the Regional Committee said that in Meghalaya, the tribals have the right to land, which should be maintained.
Understanding and courageous.
In a letter sent by its Working President Bah Paul Lyngdoh to the Prime Minister, the UDP has urged the government to improve the dormitory of Sabuda Presbyterian School. The SSA has been involved in the invasion of Assam.
“The BJP government claims to protect us Christians, but when we look at other states of the country, India, you have persecuted and attacked us Christians"
My Government will be determined to ensure the future of all the citizens.
Revelation 20:1-3; 1 Corinthians 15:25-26.
The program was conducted by Bah EC Dkhar President JSU Shillong Circle and welcome speech was delivered by the President of JSU Shillong Circle.
The Union has requested the Government not to propose the appointment of a new CMD as stated by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in the media but to listen to the request of the Union to maintain the CMD. Bah DP Wahlang as Chairman-cum-Managing Director of the Corporation and other departments who have helped greatly to improve the performance of MeECL. to stop and think twice and to allow the incumbent CMD of MeECL to lend his right hand to improve the performance of the Corporation,” said the Union.
The entry fee for the penalty shootout is 1,500 tyngka per team.
After hearing and receiving the complaints of the passengers regarding the increase in the fare from Jowai to Shillong and Shillong-Jowai, the two organizations, the JSGTCA, Jowai and ITD&OA Shillong under the leadership of the presidents, Bah A Pohshna and Bah D Kharkongor, said that they have decided to increase the fare from T.250/- per person to T. 200/- per person.
At this time of crisis, it is necessary for everyone, especially the wealthy to join hands with the government authorities to fight to improve income so that the economy can stand up again and we shall be able to carry out all activities in an orderly manner for the safety and security of all the residents.
The people should elect a competent leader who can pass laws in the Assembly, the Speaker, the Legislator, the Speaker, the Advocate to hear the voice and needs of the people of the constituency. A man who is skilled and knowledgeable, a man who has farsightedness to serve the people.
The Khasi Hills has also started to rise but has not yet reached the level of others especially the South West Khasi Hills and West Khasi Hills.
Pedestrians on the PWD road passing through the village are prohibited from entering shops or any other place to prevent the spread of this deadly disease and to fight as much as possible to reduce contact. people from one place to another.
Jowai, Nailar 18: A man from Jalaphet village, East Jaintia Hills, identified as Broming Bareh, has been cheated of Rs 4 lakh 30,000 by Heimon Malang, who claims to be Pynio Dkhar and works as a Sahep. (Officer) of the Forest Department of the Government of Meghalaya who promised to appoint Broming Bareh as a driver who knows how to drive but does not have the knowledge and also to appoint his sister as LDA. Forest department.
Through the Word of God eternal righteousness will be brought, by it the kingdom of heaven will be brought to earth for which believers pray to this day- “Thy kingdom come, thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven” Matthew 6: 10 / Psalm 33:6
I was also concerned about his expenses, we have made a request in this regard as well.
It is also a pleasure for host India to win medals from the very beginning of the tournament and especially to witness the emergence of young players. He beat Azerbaijan's Ruslan Lunev 16-0 in the first final of the tournament this year.
However, it appears that the work on the road and the money released from the BDO's office does not match, the union said.
In the past years, the Syiem has issued an order to the owners of land who own houses or shops inside the market not to rent houses inside the market.
Then they shouted BHET nine times nine times.
Therefore, for these reasons and illegal activities mentioned above, it is urgent for the Government to prosecute the brokers in the DTO office and to punish/dismiss those employees involved in these illegal activities.
The HYC leader said that the Prime Minister should withdraw his talk of bringing a railway line in any part of the state as it would cause problems to the villagers.
The Census Department of the Union Government is preparing to resume the registration of Adhaar numbers in the state and will now resume from Nongstoin Community and Rural Development Block next April.
Paul said that if the villages do not issue NoC, KHADC cannot issue trading license.
At the same time, he said that an ambulance will soon be installed at PHC Mawsiatkhnam which will be used for the people of this area when they are sick and to transport them when the doctors order them to go to the city. Shillong and Guwahati.
During the raid by the Enforcement Department of KHADC in these border villages, they found many foreign shops which could not produce the necessary documents related to Trading License and others.
These families were taken to the Kuki village in Kangpokpi district in the eastern part of Imphal on Saturday morning. may not be seriously affected, the police chief said.
The CM said that all these two languages, Khasi and Garo, are among the list of 38 other languages ​​pending with the MHA. Congress Leader from Mawhati, Bah Charles Marngar, said that the MHA's delay in taking a decision may be due to the fact that the state government has sent a proposal to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the state government. the same time.
On our part, we don't want to cooperate with the Golf Club at any time, once a person has cheated, that's why,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the government, after opening today the Entry Point at Umling Ribhoi District, will start the construction of the Entry Point. They have opened two entry points, one at Ratachera and one at Bajengdoba.
Ministers accompanying the Prime Minister included Principal Secretary Prestone Tynsong, Minister of Home Affairs Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Industries and Urban Affairs Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of Forests and I&PR. James PK Sangma, Minister of Sports and Agriculture and others.
Almost every day he would come into the shop and hang out there.
When attempting to ask the opinion of the women on this issue, many of the women said that they too have the ability to advocate for the welfare of the people, because they are the women themselves most of the time. they understand these things better than the elders.
After a good performance against Tripura, Lyngdoh once again scored 82 runs off 52 balls including 12 fours and one six. Khurana scored 78 runs with 10 boundaries off 48 balls.
Looking at these figures, it is shocking to see the number of cases of violence against girls which are violations of the POCSO Act.
The Commissioner of Customs Preventive (CCP) has arrested two persons for further investigation, said a statement from the Commissioner of Customs Preventive (CCP) on 25th November.
KSU President Chanbor War, General Secretary Juhhi Tariang and Organizing Secretary KSU JHDU Liningnard Tariang and CEC members donated these items to the Sister of Charity. Convents do not receive the necessary services to the people of the area.
In this parable it is said that all forty were virgins, that is, pure and not yet defined by their holy virginity.
The BSF should have been at the Zero Point on the border, but it was seen that the BSF were near the road which confused the passengers and they didn't understand.
It would be better to add up the percentage to 80 percent, not 40 – 40 as usual.
Dr PW Khongji passed away this morning at Nazareth Hospital after undergoing treatment for about 10 days.
Meanwhile, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, while wishing all government employees a Christmas greeting, announced the increase in the Dearness Allowance (DA) from 3% to 36%. to 39% from 1 May 2023.
On the other hand, Reddy congratulated the state police for their cooperation in the arrest of the DTO of East Garo Hills and added that the Assam police will continue to investigate Genekelly.
Alone she thought badly, “Imat he's going with Kongthei too...” she asked in her heart.
"The Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan strongly condemns the insulting remarks against the Prophet of Islam (Peace be upon him) by a spokesman from the ruling party of India," he said. .
KHNAM, UDP, HSPDP, GNC and NPP have expressed their demand for ILP while the NCP is on the side. The government and the MDP are the middle parties, except for the Congress which leads the coalition government.
The Meghalaya Games will end on the 20th of this month and more than 3,000,000 athletes will take part in 22 different sports.
Therefore, we immediately arranged to inspect the scheme.
On the part of Bah Mayral Born Syiem, as the chief guest, while encouraging the students who received this library rook, he said that this is the era of information search and no more. The ancient times of warfare using swords and spears and now knowledge is essential to achieve any goal in life.
Shillong, November 14: The National Congress Party (NCP) today removed Sanbor Shullai from the post of President and appointed Vijay Raj as its Working President.
In addition, the report said that two trucks carrying coal were found, one with the number plate ML 05-K-0917 and one without the number plate.
Boys HS School beat Mang Hai Ryum Secondary School 2-1 while Ummulong Presbyterian HS School beat HK Singh Memorial School 3-2 in the tie breaker.
It would be good if Kong Ampareen could explain more and understand what she means.
He said that the NEPC is one of the competitions organized by the USTM with the aim of encouraging the students to have the courage to take part in any kind of competition that can build the their own lives and also to build for the good of society and the country and the nation as a whole.
New Delhi: India has overtaken China as the world's most populous country with a population of 1.4286 billion, according to the United Nations.
“At present, the condition of the road has deteriorated with the passing of the days, and on the day of our protest we have already decided to close the road until the NHAI has repaired the road until “I don't see that the NHAI is responsible for the deterioration of the road,” said the President of KSU Narpuh Circle, Bah KS Suchiang.
“If it's night like this, it's better that we sit down again tomorrow for the work of Bhalang.
Dubey said the HNLC leaders are hiding in Bangladesh under one name and the Bangladesh army is still searching for them.
These external nar rot pose a serious threat to passing vehicles and can also cause damage to vehicles especially small vehicles which have to fall into the water.
This plant is also a type of millet like the millets mentioned above but it is more symbolic.
Speaking to reporters today, 31st October 2023, Bindo said that these days he is being treated unfairly by the party, because these later leaders don't know how to the UDP is out.
In a letter sent on the 19th of this month, the KSU has given two months to the company to remove the Mawpud and if it fails to do so, the KSU and the land owners will let's go to the lade hi.
Transparent : means transparent, pyrshi, sngur- transparent, transparent, without hiding anything; pyrshi is the snap of any creature that appears through the light; sngur is what appears through as if it should be without jngut even if there is nothing in front of it.
Young people should not let problems become obstacles in their lives, but should work hard and succeed so that they can reap the fruits of victory.
“The COVID-19 pandemic has affected everyone and has not spared even teachers.
The video also shows that when someone went to give him a gift, the writer shook his hand, because it turned off his mobile game.
“This work we are doing needs recognition and resources from the government,” said Kong Nongkhlaw.
At the same time, the Club has also prepared a memorial for the 50th Anniversary, which was inaugurated by Ma Vincent H Pala as the chief guest.
The Beast will break the covenant with Israel for about half a year (3 1⁄2 years), destroying the Jewish sacrifice.
Police also seized T.21,000 from his body.
On the other hand, the Vice Provincial said that the decision taken by the DBMN to hold this tournament fits well with the Don Bosco Day whose goal is for the youth.
“We have beautiful places here and we should develop these natural resources,” said Bah Mayralborn Syiem.
Brussels: The effectiveness of covid-19 vaccines has raised doubts in recent days following the hearing of European Union members Janine Small, the president of the company. Pfizer's covid vaccine.
Nongpoh, June 01: Many households in Jirang Constituency have been severely affected and some have been left homeless by the strong windstorm on Friday evening. The MLA of Jirang Constituency, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun has sent a strong request to the state government to expedite the relief measures for those families who have been severely affected.
It is to be recalled that when Marak was the Chief Minister of the state, he was able to bring the ALMA rebel group to the table of negotiations and call for them to surrender, but what he is still doing is Two members of the party have escaped from jail before being released.
Shillong, July: The Dorbar Shnong Lumshatsngi Kech's Trace on Tuesday held a public meeting of all the women of the village to elect the office bearers of the village. The Women's Seng is also the executive branch of the Dorbar Shnong.
This is the first match of the season (2023-24) to be held by the BCCI this year in the city.
Mukul said that only one work in relation to the work which is 70% of the work and that is to install 9.5 meter electricity posts at a cost of T. /- but the Satnam company has set the price of T.24176/- in the Khasi Hills.
Urging the students to make proper use of the M-Tab, Dr Mukul said that through this tool, the students can use social media to tell about the wealth of the state to attract them. tourists from all over the world.
It is true that since Bah DD Lapang has been appointed Chief Minister of the State for the first time, the demand for District has been successful and he has been promoted from Sub-Division to District. The District was inaugurated by Bah DD Lapang, Chief Minister of Meghalaya at Madan Paham Syiem, Nongpoh.
For Ri Bhoi, Banrisha Wahlang scored 28 runs followed by Angelica Maring with 19 runs.
SOHJEW SKINS FOR SKIN BEAUTIFYING:— If you want your skin to bloom quickly in a short period of time, then the skin lightening with sohjew scent should include two shamoit of powder snep, shiteng sohjew snep the shynrai and the shamoit of the fish.
(To be continued).
Speaking at the meeting, Dr. Mukul Sangma also questioned the cooperation between the NPP and BJP in the present government.
“We are not against the NEP, but we feel that the decision of the VC to implement it from 1st July in all the colleges under the jurisdiction of NEHU is too urgent as there are still many works to be done. to ensure that the implementation of the NEP in Meghalaya will be smooth,” said Mandor.
If you send a speaker to speak, he will speak without finding anything.
He said that there is a need for a “Time Bound Policy” or a policy to set a time limit for any work or scheme to be implemented.
“I admire African singers like Boney M, so I decided to take this part of the dress code in this song HER,” explained Sawian.
On this occasion, the Khasi Authors' Society and other organizations flocked to the State Central Library in Shillong to lay flowers at his memorial.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has demanded that the government should repeal the Ordinance 2015 (Empowerment of Traditional Institutions). The meeting was held for 10 days and will end on the 14th of July.
The road has been flooded with septic tank water and has affected the traffic of the people, especially the children.
You don't have to worry about what you're doing.
It is to be recalled that the EJH Police have not arrested even the robbers who killed a Class IX student in the same district in November, 2020 where her body was found. forest the next day.
This match was indeed a showcase of the skills of the Meghalaya team, in this match it was seen that there is a bright future for the Meghalaya team, although it is still She has to improve herself in tied the ball and she has to continue to improve.
In Europe, there are about half of the cases, or 2.84 million, with 304.6 cases per 100,000 inhabitants.
Those who were drowned, who are employees of NEEPCO, are still missing.
He said that there have been discussions with Amit Shah on the inclusion of Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution, the implementation of the ILP and to allow the state government to proceed with the World Bank staff on 23rd November 2022 visited a fire conservation project at Raid Sawsymper, East Khasi Hills District.
Empowered women, Meghalaya does not have access to education: Financial assistance of 1000 tyngka per month and 12000 tyngka per annum will be provided to all women from any household through the MFI WE. Scheme.
Many of them are looking forward to government jobs, but due to the lack of government jobs, many of them are unemployed.
The hospital will open its 100th Anniversary Celebration on the 4th of November this year and will close the ceremony on the 3rd of November next year.
InHari Khasi We need to talk about the value of sons.
The areas approved by the Government and the Ministry of Agriculture are:.
The union therefore calls upon those trucks carrying oil, trucks carrying coal, commercial vehicles inside and outside the State, those carrying dewbilat, those carrying coal and other vehicles and this ban will not apply to those who Erwin K. Syiem Sutnga, Vice Chairman and KC Rymbai, General Secretary of the committee, said in a statement.
Even after the end of the six-month employment, these fishermen have not received their salaries and are said to have been harassed by the owners of the fishing vessel in the country.
Earlier, Bah Hamlet said that the leaders of the group had taken advantage of their opportunity to meet with the government authorities instead of cooperating with the government.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Salescian Youth Movement (SAY) on Tuesday concluded the 3×3 Open Basketball Championship with the winner of the 3×3 Open Basketball Championship. Diphu Mavericks won the men's category while Shillong Labet won the women's category.
“I have been with and worked with the people of South Tura and thousands of them turn to me especially when they face problems and there are still thousands who still trust me so I can't just forget them only for my own benefit.
With the joining of two legislators from the PDF, including Gavin Mylliem (Sohra) and Banteidor Lyngdoh (Mawkynrew), the party has increased to 3.50 lakh votes so far.
Investigators found that not only did the police officer issue the UCs but when the auditors found that he did not spend them at all. 95.78 lakh as he had received, the officer had returned Rs 26.85 lakh to the government in September this year.
Police said that they have also recovered several rounds of ammunition from the scene and are conducting investigation to find the pistol used by the robbers. to Ali.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 19: The Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyan (RMSA) School funded by the Central Government has been a great blessing to the entire area. the school that the central government has to provide all the necessities such as teachers' accommodation and others.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 29: The District Sports Officer, Mawkyrwat has announced that the Inter-School Football Tournament will soon start. Cup Football Tournament 2022 for Sub-Junior Boys Under 14 & Junior Boys and Girls Under 17 Years.
“I call on the people to boycott the TMC in the tribal states and in Meghalaya,” said Bah Mawrie.
“However, that doesn't matter but the feeling of the people about which party is more important,” he added.
“We are currently in the process of negotiations and we hope to resolve the issue soon,” the Minister told reporters.
“When did Bimola fall under the Municipal and if so, since when did the Hima Mylliem hand over the Bimola to Garikhana road to the Municipal?” asked Bah Bless.
North Shillong MLA Bah Adelbert Nongrum has violated the rules of procedure of the House regarding the introduction of a call attention motion. According to the rules of procedure, only one call attention motion was taken, and on Thursday. On the last day of the dorbar synrai, out of the three motions, only the motion of the MLA of Nongkrem, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, was accepted.
The Jowai Press.
Tbn Lovely Dkhar, Headmaster of Dkhiah Presbyterian Secondary School, also delivered a welcome speech and prayer.
Under this law, those who violate the law shall be punished with imprisonment.
On the part of the team, they thanked Dr.K Venkata Rao, Dy Director MGIRI and his team as well as the Department of Commerce & Industries for the opportunity. they.
The meeting was conducted by the Sohiong Block Congress Committee.
According to sources in Manipur, the State Government has taken measures to conduct the verification of documents of residents living in five districts. The State Government has decided to identify foreigners who have come to live illegally in Manipur.
In a letter sent by the Prime Minister, Hek said that the joint venture between Niman Nigam Limited of Uttar Pradesh and Badri Rai Company Ltd has caused a huge loss to the state especially from the collapse. of the Dome.
Heavy rains in the state have continued and the impacts have been severe with 12 people dying in just one month since July 1 so far, and about 36 buildings including roads. they were damaged by heavy rains.
The lights used should be in contact with the lyntang and not be removed from time to time.
Unit leaders have met with the two Khasi victims to learn more about the incident and have also visited the Nongmensong Police Outpost to follow up on the complaint lodged by the victims.
So far, the voting has been conducted in four phases since 19th June which is the first phase.
“When Mukul Sangma's wife died, the Congress candidate lost 23 out of 24 Assembly constituency polling stations in Garoh Hills to Conrad Sangma in the last MP election.
Shillong, Nailur 1: According to reports in the media on 21st July 2014, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma has ordered the police to shoot the members of the The Political Secretary of the ANVC-B, Doang Shira, has alleged that the Prime Minister has secretly released the ANVC-B. command against its members.
It is useless to talk to the people about what MLAs or MPs have no part in doing.
The Rangbah Shnong said that in fact the BSF are the protectors of the people but in the recent incident in Mawshun, it has turned out to be a mistake.
The MLA said that he recently visited the area where the victims were attacked to express their condolences to the families of the victims in the presence of village leaders, MLAs and MDCs. the area among others.
Musakhia VEC (NRM), West Jaintia Hills District.
Others who took part in the rally were Opposition Leader Lamphrang Blah, Batskhem Ryntathiang, Carnes Sohshong, Charles Marngar, Gabriel Wahlang and Grace Mary Kharpuri.
Shillong: Former Sohra MLA/MDC Titos W Chyne on Tuesday said that Sohra MDC Donevan Kharwanlang will have to take responsibility for the current crisis in the Hima Sohra. The District Council shall be appointed by the Administrator.
The meeting with the Doctors, Nurses and Supervisors of these health centers from Jirang Constituency was held today at IB, Byrnihat. He will inform the Minister of Health and Family Welfare and the State Government.
“We have received information that one candidate named Alwist Maring on Roll No.- 27002167 from 16th Ri-Bhoi District has scored high marks. To his surprise, he was not called for an interview while some other candidates who received lower marks were called for an interview," said the leader.
Earlier, the UDP had proposed the name of Bah Paul Lyngdoh to contest from the Shillong Lok Sabha seat.
In this regard, Tongkhar said that the Union Minister has accepted the request of the state government and has sent to submit the proposals and bring forward the reasons. to show what the problem is that this money allocated by the ministry does not cover.
According to police sources, the patient had lodged a complaint against the two doctors who had threatened him and had written that the doctors were under the influence of alcohol.
“These teachers are not on the list of illegal immigrants, they are not government employees, so it cannot challenge this because this matter is looked after by the Governing Bodies of the colleges,” he said.
About 21 players including men and women came to participate.
On receiving information about the Karbi, about 100 residents of Lapangap rushed to the area to protect these trees, but in this attempt by the residents of Lapangap to protect They were thrown stones by the Karbi, but fortunately no one was injured.
He said that there are households who used to pay only T.400 or T.500 for electricity, but now they have to pay at least T.1500 per month and those who used to pay from T.600 to T. 1000 per month now they have to pay up to T.2000 per month which is higher than what they used to pay earlier.
All those who attended the meeting expressed their opposition to the government's plan to open a trade route through Tamabil due to the spread of COVID-1
Speaking to u SP News Agency, UDP President Titos Chyne said the UDP will win 20 seats.
He said that the KHADC's intention to go to the court cannot say anything because in public administration everyone has the right to go to the court if they feel necessary.
At the same time, he urged the people to be vigilant and to obey the government's directives.
The lunch of the workers was delivered directly to the workplaces, while the French Officers returned for lunch on horseback to their tents.
In the third division, Umphyrnai beat Lumpyngngad 5-1
Shillong, July 31: The National People's Party (NPP) Spokesperson, Dr.M Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the elections will be held in Shillong. I will not be able to do so until after the election.
“For this budget period, the delay is due to the Central Government and the Additional Chief Secretary has informed that the Central Government has not released a single paisa to any state in the country yet,” he said. add again.
“Despite the problems caused by the non-compliance with international law, the Police Department has not interfered in providing and ensuring a fair trial to the refugees and their families,” said Bah. Prestone said that the Police in the Districts have not only expedited the investigation into the case but in collaboration with the BSF have strengthened the border patrolling to ensure the peace and security of the people living in the districts. border area.
Shillong, March 16 : The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, has expressed his deep sorrow and condolences to the families of the two retired IAS Officers who passed away.
Hundreds of office bearers and members of the United Democratic Party (UDP) from Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District on Friday left the party to support the party. not to other political parties.
On the other hand, Bah Sis-Willfall Dkhar, who spoke on behalf of the recipients, said that he accepts the guidance of God.
Regarding the plaque, the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has claimed that it was the plaque that was placed at the site with the intention of putting up the plaque. to detonate a bomb in which the placard contained explosives.
He said the state government has issued this notice after the KHADC has ignored the rules and regulations by issuing the notice of “Khasi Hills Autonomous District”. Regulation, 2015" published in Part-IV of the Gazette of Meghalaya (Extra-ordinary) on 25th July,
The residents of Ri Muliang area under the umbrella of the Ri Muliang Area Development Council today held a special meeting as part of the discussion on the upcoming day when Conrad K Sangma Minister. The Chief Minister will also inaugurate the office of Ri Muliang C&RD Block in the area.
This day was celebrated to commemorate the 16 founders of the Seng Khasi Mawkhar, Seng Kmie.
To run away is another victory when we face temptations in our daily lives or at that time (situation).
May his soul rest in peace.
The turnout of the people at the BJP rallies shows their love for the party.
“At that time, your former MLA, Benedict Marak, did not listen to the district court and the ministers.
Laitkor SC and PFR Football Academy have won their place in the semi final today, so the next match is to meet these teams in the semi final which will start. The match for the first place will be held between the two teams.
When inquired from the elders of the area regarding the start of mining of silimanite, Paieit K.Ïawphniaw said that the silimanite mines were first operated by a well-known company. as Bharat Refractory Limited.
Therefore, many families don't have time to teach their children in the rympei “Sawdong ka Lyngwiar Dpei”. you understand.
The driver and the seized vehicle were handed over to the Dangar OP Police Station for further investigation.
He said that this will depend on the party candidate who can attract the people.
Hamkle Dkhar scored 14', Josling Dkhar 72' and Fourman Shylla 44' while Shikol Kwator SC scored 2'.
Police have arrested Goerge Rynjah, 21, from the same village.
In a statement sent by the Vice President of the Sengkur, Deijuh Siangshai said that the purpose of the award is to encourage the children and students of the Kur to achieve more. by being diligent in their studies.
He also called on other departments involved in the coal trade to seek clarification on the illegal sale of stolen Transport Challan (TC) for the transportation of coal.
The meeting was organized by the Government of Meghalaya, the Meghalaya Early Childhood Development Mission (MECDM) and the Meghalaya Health Systems Strengthening Project (MHSSP) in collaboration with the Sesame Workshop India Trust with the support of the SBI Foundation and the Indian Institute of Technology. Banking & Finance.
Others who attended the ceremony were Bah BF Sun, officers from various government departments, village leaders and entrepreneurs. East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills and Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
M Kharbuli scored the goals for Nongkrem in the 35th minute and K. Warshong in the 78th minute while W Nongsteng scored for Marbisu SC in the 38th minute.
At the same time, the Waheh Shnong congratulated the residents for taking part today and donating thousands of lyngkharep.
The program was held on November 15 in Bengaluru, Karnataka at the Lulu Mall, Bangalore.
Through this Commission, it will also examine many of the problems and concerns in the education department and will recommend the need for changes in the working methods and policies of the department.
Amanda Lyngdoh Nonglait, sister of the deceased, said, “At 9 pm, Stefanie's husband came running to our house in Mawlai Nongpdeng and said: They told me that Stefanid had committed suicide and was gone. At this time they rushed to the house and found that Stefanid's body was in bed and covered. the body is like a sleep.
The Government estimates that the five-year mission will provide employment to 60,580 farmers to market sohphan, 70 small business groups, 2340 market managers. 300 small factories with a capacity of 5 employees, 1180 farmers to receive proper training, 200 departments to provide equipment and others. According to the current technology, there are 200 skilled farmers from this state.
Josper S.Dura.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Toningstar Thongkhiew said that in the past he was a Christian, but now he has converted to Islam. He believed in Islam since he converted to Islam, until he became the Leader of the Sengbhalang Islam Jirang Unit.
However, the party will work hard until the 10th of June to win.
This forest has been handed over to the JHADC since
James said the CEM is in charge of the Law Department of KHADC and this time he has increased the budget for the department from T.10 lakh which used to be allocated to T.10 lakh. “Instead of filing a case that doesn't go anywhere, he should have spent a lot of money on the education department which I hold to improve the quality of education. “The education in the rural areas especially in schools which have not yet received any assistance from the government has been increased from T.6 lakh to T.14 lakh which has reached T.20 lakh,” said the MDC of Mawhati constituency.
Therefore, from all these things we see that the end of the age of this generation is near, the world is not yet over, but the ages are near to their end. according to the fulfillment of the prophecies of the Word of God (Bible).
Ardent said that since the beginning of the days of working with the UDP, their goal has been to bring in a government that is not Congress or BJP. However, he said the UDP has not listened and that is why the ethnic parties are struggling and losing in this regard. the last elections because the people don't trust them anymore.
“We have received information that many of the offices of the Central Government in Meghalaya have not followed the provisions of the Office Memorandum and many of the youth have lost their right to enter the offices of the Central Government. The Central Government has not complied with the Office Memorandum,” said Bah Synrem and added that the Minister has promised to take action with the relevant authorities.
The merger of these Medical Colleges with existing Medical Colleges will enable the use of existing facilities, skill labs, clinical facilities and teachers.
In the Under-19 Boys Single, Lemiwel Nelson Suchiang won by 20/22, 21/16 and 21/1
According to him, before 2018, many villages were ruled by human heads because in each village there were three or four Rangbah Shnongs.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) on Friday met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to protest against the government's plan to set up a casino in Ribhoi. On the other hand, they do not accept this proposal of the government.
“If there were no Bah Cherish, I don't think this work would have been done,” he said.
New Delhi: The Bihar government has declared Section 144 Cr PC in Gaya, Bihar, after 40 people died and dozens became ill due to heat wave. in this city.
This was decided by the MDCs of the District Council on 17/5/23 and later the following month.
The previous O.M. dated 10.05.2022, did not take into account the share of posts that had been filled in the past.
"Jar, the atheist couldn't answer, from that moment he thought deeply and began to change his mind.
Speaking on the occasion, Shylla said that Conrad and others are still children and do not know the politics in the state.
According to the Director, she refused to perform her duties and as he was still busy he postponed the job with her.
There has been a ban on the movement of people from one country to another, and there has been a ban on the movement of people from one country to another.
BJP MDC from Nangbah Constituency Ma Lakhon Biam said that in 2014, when the NGT banned coal mining, he had published an article in the newspaper expressing his views on the situation. He said that in 2017 he published another article entitled “Who owns the coal” in Mawphor when he was working as SDO PWD. He said that the coal in the whole of India is owned by the Central Government except in Meghalaya because of the Sixth Schedule.
Lukaku's move to Roma comes after a loan spell for the 2022-23 season with Inter Milan in Italy.
Throughout India and even in Khasi-Jaintia there is a species of plant which is well eaten by horses and which holds the soil with its bones.
It is said that the Mawroh and the Rynjah are not allowed to marry, because the Rynjah has lived with a Mawroh in Rynjah. it was the first new village of the Rynjah tribe.
Shillong: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, on Tuesday said that Vicky Dey has posted a post on Facebook with the intention of creating religious and ethnic differences.
This cleanliness will be a good example to others, so that they will avoid polluting the environment.
After distributing the medals to the winners in athletics, he congratulated the youth who took part in the NEOG.U. He said that in the tournament there is victory and defeat and there are those who win medals and there are those who don't but the youth need to understand and know that participation is not a victory and important. and they require hard work and concentration to lead back to the goal of victory.
The CEM said that at present they have to rely only on BSNL which belongs to the central government and said that the KHADC will try to gather them back to talk and especially the towers which has been built but not implemented.
Lato was awarded the Miss India title by former Miss India Elite, Nakita Tania Fernandes along with the winners of Mr. India, including Chena Ram Choudhary, Nehal Patil and Shubham Kotharkar.
He was also a Cabinet Minister (State Minister) and held the government department in charge of PHE, Industries Etc.
Shillong: The Opposition MLA Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, while speaking on the increase in the number of deaths from Covid-19, said that the health department needs to study carefully. The increase in the number of deaths shows that the virus is not improving their treatment.
The Seiñ Kur Dkhar District will hold a fete and dance competition on the 8th of June at Eastside Inn, Jaliyiah, East Jaintia Hills.
Ampareen said that the Congress party will continue to serve the people of the state by bringing forward manifestos to fight against these issues. .
HK Singh Memorial Secondary School, Jowai, which represented Meghalaya in the 62nd edition of the Sub Junior Boys, had to return home after losing in the quarterfinals against Chawngfianga Middle School Saidan. Kolasib, Mizoram.
“There is another incident of violence at Singarayakonda in Prakasam district.
“I will convene a meeting of all party leaders including MLAs and MDCs to discuss this issue on Tuesday,” said Dr Roy.
“If there are those who commit crimes, they will be punished by imprisonment and fine,” said D.Sohtun.
Nagaland will host the 11th North East Zone Championship in
She said that when her husband opened the door, he saw a blue mark on his neck and said that his eyes were looking.
“We don't know anything about the problem between the Governor and the authorities of CMJ University,” he added.
I'm far away from my soul, Ah Kiang Nangbah is with me; Pynioo Ia I'm going to the road, I don't want to go to those days.
Before the Holy Eucharistic Mass, Father Policarpus Shylla, Parish Priest of Ummulong Parish, welcomed the participants.
Please take this as a greeting to all those who have come to condole those whom we have not mentioned here.
Also present at the meeting were the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Chief Secretary, IAS, Director, Sports and Youth Affairs, Isawanda Laloo (IAS).
He also promised that the Meghalaya government will provide full support to the banks to ensure that their services reach even the most remote areas of the state.
Rangad said they will lodge a complaint with the State Vigilance Commissioner to demand an inquiry into the corruption in the department.
Therefore, the Seng has demanded that the head of the factory should provide all the documents of the employees including the Labor License and NRC of the employees from Assam before the SC Mahanta also promised to provide the documents and show them to the members of the union when the workers return to work.
When contacted by the father of the girl, Bah Rubi Binong, he said that the family members of the girl are still in darkness. The family of the deceased is eager and hopeful that the investigation should be conducted so that the truth can be revealed.
For the first time, there were about 42 lakh people in Assam whose names were not registered in the NRC and it is believed that they came from Bangladesh.
After a collision with the soldiers, these smugglers fled the scene leaving behind these cows.
However, the CM said that after witnessing through the media about the appearance of this group, the government has also strengthened the security forces in these border areas.
Speeches were delivered by Bah Embhah Syiemlieh, former MLA Mawlai, Bah Kanang Lynshïang in the presence of NPP supporters. said Bah Adelbert Nongrum without reading the Office Memorandum (OM) issued on 3rd June 2022, regarding the age of appointment.
However, they have continued to teach students from 3rd to 5th semester through this current course.
Myrboh, Honorary Secretary, Treasurer and teachers.
Hearing the PIL, the Division Bench said, “There are many cases related to the smuggling of coal, the inability of the Government to control the overloading of vehicles and others. to the State Government as involved in the illegal mining and trade of coal which is in violation of the order issued by the Supreme Court”.
Therefore, asking for help from family members or friends to be involved while you are on the road to recovery can be of great benefit to you.
Tea grows best in fertile soil, where there is a lot of tree debris and where the water does not last long.
She said the most important thing is that the food should be good, the place should be clean and the staff should be clean and healthy.
There were hundreds of attempts in the centuries before the British Empire came to power and they changed according to the circumstances of the time.
After this, the President Bah OL Diengdoh gave a welcome speech.
However, the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod Sepngi, has arranged a special Sunday in the first month of July every year, for the churches within the KJP Synod Sepngi to celebrate this day. day.
The club has not been able to win the EPL since the retirement of former manager Alex Ferguson in recent years.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: Four mobile phone thieves have been arrested by the police today. They are identified as Roshan Kausal, 22, of Jhalupara, Biraz Paul, 23, of Upper Mawprem. , Shri Saidin Ali, 18, of Naspatighari and Stevin Jyrwa, 18, of Lower Mawprem.
Speaking to reporters, he was accompanied by dozens of women and youths from the Reserve area, Jail Road, Keating Road and Punjabi Line.
Despite the heavy rainfall, the election to the District Council has been smooth in Nongstoin and throughout the District of West Khasi Hills. The total turnout in the district has reached 80.20%.
I urge everyone that if you find or have relatives or friends to be quick to listen and encourage them and encourage them to go or go out to get medicine from the doctors who treat such people. type of disease.
On the other hand, the ECC of Sutnga Elaka, has come forward to demand that the state government should immediately shut down all the 29 coke factories which have been denied permission to operate. not within this area.
Jowai, Naitung 31: The 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy 2nd Division Football League Cum Knockout Tournament-2022 was held on Saturday at Jowai Nang Stadium. .
“It starts with one or two trucks sent, sometimes in three days or a month while the smugglers are looking for information on the problems that may arise.
And He wants to reveal His greatness through it.
Therefore, as it is now, there are many who are only interested in informing the media and to defame the village or even to disrupt the development works in the village, but to speak before the Dorbar they don't. dare to say anything, he added.
For this reason, the traffic jam was severe and lasted for many hours until the sky became dark.
The FKJGP has closed down the office after the resolution of the recruitment of the office for the post of Watchman or Security Guard which has 19 vacancies.
Jowai, Jymmang 23 : Regarding the General Election to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly 2023, the District Magistrate and District Election Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, today announced that the 27th June , 2023 will be a public holiday so that the voters of the state can exercise their rights.
There are also many old houses which have been used as headquarters for various government departments and these too are dangerous if not taken care of especially from fire.
“The origin of the fight against the mynder came from Wickliffe Syiem who was the youngest Syiem of Nongstoiñ Hima, followed by the HNLC and then the HNYF,” he said. Members of HNYF Nongstoin Pyllun.
Shillong: The Executive Cum Zonal Meeting of KJDSTA and GHDSTA, held on 31st July 2019, at Shillong, has unanimously expressed its sorrow (Dark Teachers' Day) on the occasion of Teachers' Day. Every year on the 5th November 2019, teachers under the banner of KJDSTA and GHDSTEA, will hold a flag raising ceremony throughout the State, as a sign of mourning. The teachers have been facing and suffering from the past until now.
He said that earlier there was a place before entering Bhoirymbong CHC, where the residents threw garbage and no one went to clean it. He said that he had gone to clean up all the garbage, now the people have become ashamed to throw garbage in the area and this has made the area clean and tidy.
Then the rakot, who wanted to show the miaw his greatness and wisdom, turned into a donkey.
Three EM seats in the KHADC have become vacant after the Congress MDCs resigned after the party suspended Bah Pynshngain N Syiem as a member of the Congress.
Regarding the JAC, Robert June said that the JAC, which held a meeting in Nongstoin to demand roads and against uranium, when they went to talk to Mukul Sangma, they said “Can you trust such people in front of the government who say one thing but in front of of the people say the same,” said Robert.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has expressed its anger over the brutal shooting of the Khasi in Block-1 by the Assam police.
He urged the SDDF to take action on the issue of improving the income of the region.
Mohun Bagan will play against Bangladesh Army Ft on the 3rd of November, while Shillong Lajong will play against NorthEast on the following day. United FC in Kolkata.
The Behdeiñkhlam of the Seiñ Raij Tuber is the biggest Behdeiñkhlam in Jaintia Hills and also in the State of Meghalaya. This is the first year of Niam.
The Minister said this while inspecting the progress of the construction of the First Ground, JN Complex and Indoor Stadium at Polo.
On the other hand, the union has urged the police and the government to take action to send a thorough investigation into the murder of the schoolgirl so that the robbers involved can be arrested so that the court can. they shall be punished according to the laws of the land.
KSU Delhi President S Kharlyngdoh said that the information was received on Monday.
On the other hand, Bah AL Hek MLA Pynthorumkhrah of the BJP who is the Chairman of the President Election Committee in the state congratulated Murmu on her victory as a woman and as the first ethnic group to rise to this position. you're President.
BJP Mahila President Susuki Pariat said that the General Secretary of the Mahila Morcha has been elected according to the rules. Matilda Kharbuki and Grace Lanong were the assistants to her.
Those who are interested in this sacred public service “.
Regarding the death of jhur motor, the farmers of Umyiap area have appealed to the members and leaders of the Hill Farmers Union West Khasi Hills District, to help in creating a road for the provision of assistance. on this loss of theirs.
The four prisoners were identified as I Love You Talang of Moorap, Lodestar Tang of Mootyrshiah, Shidorki Dkhar of Thangraiñ and Marsanki Tariang of Priang.
It is only the beginning and there is still a long way to go.
When we see and hear these things, it is time to pray earnestly that God will stop them so that we can live a peaceful and God-fearing life.
Pynursla: Congress leader and Mawsynram MLA Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang on Tuesday said that if the Congress party wins a majority in the MDC elections 2019, Grace Mary will be able to win the MDC elections. Kharpuri is the Chief Executive Member (CEM).
Mawrie also informed that the Union Minister of Information Technology, Rajeev Chandrashekhar, who is in charge of the Lok Sabha Pravas Meghalaya, will visit the state from 13th to 15th. Nailur to oversee the preparations of the party for the vote in the Legislative Assembly here.
Of these, the houses of Jirang MLA Lamboklang Mylliemngap and father Modrick Nongkynrih have been closed down after the court ordered.
and the dead were judged out of those things which were written in the books, according to their works.
Later, police said that the man who was beaten by the lion was addicted to drugs and had gone into the body of the lions without the knowledge of the inspectors of the area.
The team will also visit several polling stations before leaving for Shillong on the 12th of this month.
Redeem Tlang, who has just joined NorthEast this season, has not been included in the squad today.
The Prime Minister expressed his gratitude for the hard work and determination of the pharmacies.
India, who won last year's title, are looking forward to continuing to break the record and win their sixth title, in preparation for the final against Kuwait in the SAFF Championship. it shall be on the second day.
The MPUF-Laskeiñ Circle has expressed its full support to the demand for the relocation of the PWD North Division from Jowai to Shangpung.
He said there may be other reasons why he lost the MLA election last year which he does not want to talk about.
It also announced that all visitors must strictly follow the rules and regulations laid down by the government and the village laws.
“This will include Meghalaya where the pipes will be delivered to Shillong and we will start the work soon,” said Teli.
Young leadersvii.
The Synod Standing Choir also performed at the opening ceremony.
Jowai: The Jaintia Coal Miners' and Dealers' Association (JCMDA) in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Coordination Committee (JCMDA) today held a public meeting at Dkhiah West, East Jaintia Hills District. The Transporters Forum has demanded that the government should open the mining plan immediately after completing the mining plan as requested by the Supreme Court and NGT. Speaking to media, he said that the state government has collected more than Rs 5 crore from the coal owners to improve the environment, but why has this money been kept in the bank without being implemented? her.
Shillong, Nailar 17 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, today acknowledged that there is a delay in the implementation of the Smart City projects due to many reasons faced by the department.
Archna and Diya Chitale did not lose points in the match.
The KSU has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah, but as the DC is not present, the KSU has lodged a complaint with the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Kong FM Lakiang. hand over to the DC, for the necessary action, according to the demand of the party.
The killed were identified as Lieutenant Colonel Dmitry Safronov, commander of Russia's 61st Separate Marine Brigade, and Lieutenant Colonel Denis Glebov, deputy commander of Russia's 11th Separate Airborne Assault Brigade.
At present, Meghalaya is in Group B, along with Assam and Mizoram.
Police have admitted that there is sufficient evidence that these two men were involved in the IED blast in Mawlong Market on the 9th of this month.
The Tourist Board of Saudi Arabia will not provide any support or investment for the tournament.
He said that among these people, one of them was an employee of Greenwood Resort and one who lived at 13 mer who went to Guwahati for treatment and tested positive.
He said that in these days it has been seen that the people who mine uranium in the area have come to appear in the form of Rangbah Shnongs, Sordars.
June 27, 2023 is the day when the people of the State will decide who and what kind of people will go to the Legislative Assembly and a secure future is in the hands of the electorate if they elect representatives with responsibility.
The Government of India has directed all states to impose small lockdowns as necessary and in areas where there are many cases of H1N1 The report, which was released yesterday, did not say anything on the closure of the dam across the country.
We came here to live and earn a living, not to commit crimes.
“We are talking openly to companies and contractors, these small jobs can be done by our youth.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong today announced that the areas under the Orange Zone Area are Tura and East Khasi Hills District.
He said that the allocation for the welfare of the tribals has been increased by 6 percent compared to the previous period.
“I haven't taken a decision yet but I make it clear that I am against the actions of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and if I contest it will be a sign of opposition to the actions of Conrad K Sangma. “He is a prime minister who doesn't really do anything. The actions he has shown in these three months are against the Garo people,” he said.
Shillong Lajong will face Mohun Bagan on the 23rd in Kolkata.
Speaking to media, Balajiedkupar said he will follow up on the work started by his father, Dr Donkupar Roy and fulfill his dreams if he wins.
Shillong-Jowai Bus Fare is very expensive because it charges up to 200 tyngka. Please send us by bus saw, Shillong-Jowai.
“Those who dared to ask for the highest price were released,” said an Excise official.
Khasi, Jaintia and Garo should have their share through a party less Federal/Regional Council under the Constitution of India in order to protect and express their rights. the administration and judgment of the Village, Provincial Raid and State Hima in which these customs and traditions shall be reflected in the Constitution of India through a separate article.
This program is like the daughter of the Chief Minister, who has worked hard to involve all the citizens in the work of the State Government.
On the part of the residents of Raij Ialong, they invite the children of the Bri U Hynniewtrep and Hynniew Wasa to come and witness the closing ceremony of the Behdeinkhlam of the Raij Ialong.
It is also due to the lack of attention of the elders who are aware of the assistance programs that the government has allocated for women during pregnancy.
After a while, Kong Lumspah came out and invited them to the dining room to eat.
At that time, Linda stood up and offered to take and sell the rice at the price of T.3 tyngka, but until now no authorities have been found willing to violate the dealer. Linda said more and more.
The HYC-JHD and the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF-WJZ) have said that the EC of Thombor has decided to appoint an AEC to investigate the case. how to appoint these 56 people.
Shillong, July 9: Opposition Leader Dr Donkupar Roy has suggested to the government to set up adequate schools in Shillong and Tura.
Khlieh Umwang village has about 300 households and when it comes to development works they are still neglected and especially until these days they have not even received a colored road for easy traffic.
At this meeting, it was decided to oppose and suspend the construction of the JMB's landfill.
“There were opposition parties before and we agree with that because it has not been able to clean up the pollution of the river but now this company has been able to provide all the necessary facilities and it should be opened. said Bah Wahphlang.
don’t compare mla with mp.
The family members and KSKBUH leaders have visited many police stations to monitor the incident including Mawlai Police Station but Mawlai PS has ordered them to meet the chief. Police at Sadar Police Station and when they left Sadar they were ordered to go to Mawlai Police Station and when they went to Mawlai PS they were ordered to leave the Police Reserve. They were ordered to leave for the SP's office and this time when they went to meet the SP, he said that the matter has been handled by the government and not by his office.
Shillong: The filing of nomination papers for the mid-term elections in Shella constituency will start from 23rd November 2019, where an announcement will be issued by the Election Department.
Lambok Starwell Marngar was re-elected to lead the KSU for the year 2023-2026 after no candidate stood for the post of President.
He said that their demand is reasonable, because not only they, but even others from the land of Hynniewtrep are afraid that such an incident could happen to other youths.
A place that has been specially prepared like Hollywood.
The workshop was held at the Conference Hall of the DC Office on
Ampareen Lyngdoh said the meeting held on the 26th has decided to set the price of T.5 for a distance of 8 kilometres.
On the other hand, the audience said that they came to watch the film because it has touched their hearts when seen only on youtube.
Thanks to Rida's quick actions, they had time to eat from home before going to Thanat.
He said that the purpose of the Free Coaching Class is to improve the education of the youth in the area, as in the two month Free Coaching Class, the children do not have to pay any fees.
"Along with the article, he also posted pictures of a crowd carrying sticks in their hands.
Jowai : The Government of Jowai has invited applications for the Special Coaching Program for SC and ST youth in Jowai.
In another development, West Bengal Fire and Emergency Minister Sujit Basu has tested positive for coronavirus and his wife has also tested positive. message.
The Shillong MP also slammed the MDA government by saying that during the rule of the MDA government, corruption has increased in the state and to eradicate this corruption, the rule of law should be changed. The MDA Government has not been able to rule the state.
Jowai, Lber 23: The JHADC today approved a budget of Rs 85.28 crore in the Budget Session which ended today.
“The chief guest at the closing ceremony, Bah Bester Salahe, Advocate, praised the parish for organizing such a competition.
Shillong: Krohiawhiar Football Club has won the Block Level Football Tournament organized by Kynjoh Sha Ka Thong Multipurpose Cooperative Society Khyrdemkhla in collaboration with NYK Shillong by defeating to the Rock 1-0.
May God the Creator empower us as the Khasi Khara people to follow the example of Longshwa Manshwa so that we can have a clean and transparent Dorbar Khasi in the District Council. the past tenses.
We have so much natural resources, but those who benefit from them are few.
Shillong: The Chairman of the State Planning Board (SPB) and MLA of Nongkrem, Bah Lambor Malngiang today demanded that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma should convene an emergency meeting to take a decision against the government. The BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government has approved the Citizenship Amendment Bill
In a statement, MPF spokesperson Bah Paul Lyngdoh said it is surprising that the MUA has decided not to implement the ILP and not to call for talks with the political parties.
Nongstoiñ: The residents of Huhuapara village, West Khasi Hills after more than two months have fled and stayed in a shelter inside the old Christking Hostel after being attacked by Assam police on Saturday. Last month, they left for their home in Malang Huhuapara.
Furthermore, the union said that how these companies have been allowed to expand their business by destroying the environment.
After a while of waiting there.
However, police have not yet clarified how the man arrived at the scene and what led him to open fire.
“It is hoped that all the buildings that may affect the water in the Umïam River should be monitored and ensure that the buildings should be monitored so that they are in accordance with the rules of law by putting first the rules of environmental protection,” he said. on the Bench.
In the evening, the Kmai Raij from all the villages of the branches left to plant these Dieñkhlam at the places prepared at Iawmusiang by seven villages.
KSU and FKJGP together with the Village Authorities of Kutmadan and Saitsohpen together with Bah Titos Chyne, CEM KHADC came to accompany this woman and to meet the SP Shillong City on 5th July .
There are also 75 kg of Gymsum at the time of harvest.
He said that the former MDA Government has given him many opportunities to work with the people.
Langpih is one of the seven villages which has not been able to resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
“The protests in 2015 over the land acquisition by MUDA, the post of Rangbah Shnong, the passage of the Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act, the demand for the introduction of Article 371 to abolish the district council, are the reasons why. I don't think so,” said Bah Shylla.
Through this march, a meeting was also held to take a final decision against the assault on Bah Wording Nongrum, which has lasted for more than 21 years.
The factory is large and produces 62 vehicles per hour and produces up to 1395 vehicles per day in Slovakia,” said John in a statement.
Shillong: U Bah Titosstarwell Chyne MDC of Sohra, who is also the CEM of KHADC, on Tuesday said that the loss of staff of MCCL is due to the mistakes of the management in the past.
Speaking to Rupang, Bantei said, “It's still the same, it's been almost 50 years, it's still being ruled by foreigners, controlled by those from Delhi”.
He said the Ministry has brought DoNER to the doorsteps of the North East.
So far, 106 youths have attended the training and some of them have been selected to work in different parts of the country. They also praised the government for bringing in this training center which has never been available in the district.
On the other hand, the union and the youth strongly condemned the incident which injured about 30 people especially women.
The Syiem of Raid Marwet, has urged other Khasi who own land in the Khanapara area, to follow the example of this Longkmie and that is to do their utmost to build street houses. in this area, so that it will become the border of the state and at the same time that Assam will not be allowed to cross the border.
The desire of many churches is to bring about unity and strengthen one another.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) on Tuesday met with the Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya to strengthen the fight against the smuggling of cattle from Bangladesh.
Noting that this is not the first time, he said that the party on this occasion is proud of this man who has come forward to take this step.
Police sources said that the man was living in the house in Pyllun Umroi village with another person, but after the incident, the body of the man was found. lyngktar was with his creature.
Sikh leaders, along with Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of the State, while speaking to reporters on Tuesday:
The KSU leader said that the robbers have started intimidating the KSU leaders by lodging an FIR and arresting them but he said that the KSU will not rest and will continue to work for the KSU. honor of the Sohra area.
“We the leaders are only elected and the people are the wise voters and I have no doubt that in 2023 the people will reject the current party and turn to the UDP party which has the hope for the future and the human race," he added.
Did these policemen flee because they were afraid of death and because there were not enough people or because they did not receive orders from the authorities to bomb and shoot the Karbi who tried to kill the police and the people at the border? The reason why we say that the Karbi tried to kill the police and the Hynniewtrep people in Lapangap is because according to the Meghalaya Police, if you throw stones or shoot with a jri that is an act of murder. Police have registered a case of attempted murder against the Mini Secretariat in Tura.
Referring to the return of youth to Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma said that the rules for the return of youth to Meghalaya do not need to be followed in one rule, as each state is different in terms of roads and the number of young people who have migrated to other states.
There is nothing wrong with shisha.
Those who went to give food put it on the rock and shouted, “Kaw! Come and take this thing that we have put on the rock.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Conrad Sangma announced the hard work of the Central Recruitment Board for the selection of 1010 new members of the Police Force, out of 1.5 lakh applicants. and expressed his confidence that these new members will provide the best service for the police department.
“On the casino, the Chief Minister has already made it clear in the Legislative Assembly that there is no intention of setting up a casino in the state”.
Countries such as Europe, China and the United States have already experienced severe global warming in recent days.
The training center was conducted by the Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) in collaboration with the Khublei NGO from Germany.
He said the government will increase the tax of all those covered by the Meghalaya Passenger and Goods Tax Act.
Helen Giri received the Padma Shri for her contribution to the arts and culture of Meghalaya in
Shekhar said that according to the average number of students in all the seven states who have completed their higher education is 40 to 60 thousand.
She said that Krai is a strong plant and does not die from diseases or climate change (climate resilient).
The BIS CARE App is also available for iPhone/iPad users.
don't go to garo hill for your own benefit.
Shillong: Expressing his regret over the departure of MDCs from the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC), UDP Leader and MLA from Jaintia Hills District, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that the departure of MDCs from Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADC) Four UDP MDCs have joined the BJP.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 9 : The Principal of Jaintia Hills District Council today honored the students who passed well in the SSLC examination. Eastern College, Dr Phervision Nongtdu was the chief guest and former MLA of Khliehriat, Justine Dkhar was the chief guest.
Shillong, Nailar : The religious book titled “Eloi Eloi Lamma Sabakthani” written by Bah PS Giri was launched by Bah AL Hek MLA Pynthorumkhrah on the 18th of this month at a meeting held at the National Assembly. In the presence of MLA Umroi Constituency Bah George B. Lyngdoh.
For more information, please contact Bah T Diengngan, Chairman, Eureka Kharbani, Convener and other office bearers of the Union.
“This is very important and the Prime Minister has promised that within 10 days this issue will be resolved,” he said.
Fr.Sylvester Synrem, Zone V Youth Leader, Fr.Suresh, Parish Priest, Fr.Anthony M Joseph, Assistant Parish Priest, Bah Olet Kharsahnoh, the Governor of Jongksha and others.
The question is how the oil will be transported from its source to the Petroleum Depot of Indian Oil, located in Umiam.
He is the one who wrote the book of Haggai.
These churches are called by Greek names, and they have their own meanings in their names.
So it will be difficult to take a decision now,” said the President who is also the MLA of Nongthymmai.
The MLA of the area said that the people who have suffered more after eating khawai are mostly children, the elderly and women but the young children have not suffered severely. for they were not yet strong.
He said that in the past few days, the Hima, after receiving a complaint from these villages, has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills.
In a statement, it said that this has caused the destruction of the living things in the waters, rivers and polluted the surroundings of these rivers.
UDP supporters from Mowkaiaw and MLA Nujorki Sungoh welcomed Winning and said she will strengthen the UDP party.
The Lyngnam lived together in one of the largest houses from the youngest to the oldest.
East Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills came top in the points table with two gold medals each while West Khasi Hills, Eastern West Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills and East Garo Hills won two gold medals each. won one gold medal.
Vikas also won medals in the longjump and 100m for India at the Barri Championships.
The incident occurred on the 9th of November at 11:42 pm.
Besides, it was also found that the KSU has also visited the bookstores and said that there is a mistake on the part of the sellers by charging more than the price set. .
Shillong, July 06: The Lynshing Village Council has requested foreigners who have business relationships with the villagers not to enter and leave the village freely without the knowledge of the village.
When it gets late, I fall asleep.
Print and electronic media groups in Marathi, Hindi and English participated in the Media Tour.
What to avoid :- When you have rheumatism, your body is already weak, therefore exercising at such times will weaken the body which can further deteriorate the health of the body.
The shooting team from Assam won the 10th North East Zone Shooting Championship 2023, while Meghalaya came fourth.
The NPP has decided to expose the corruption in the MDA coalition government. He said that without the BJP, the MDA cannot survive. Prestone should understand this.
I will try to teach my children as I have gone through,” said Bhalang to his wife.
Mobile phones have also produced loud noises, with a loud noise (except for the noise) and this shows how much there is a public awareness of the disease, which happens in other parts of India.
The protein produced by the motor helps in the building of muscles.
He said that the KHADC will not turn to other ways but will wait for a reply from the government after sending a letter and if the government does not reply, they will sit down. think differently.
Even if it is a contractual basis, the JHADC should call for an advertisement so that the youth and elders of Khasi Jaintia who are skilled in this job can come forward to apply for this job.
When they built this house during the rainy season, they did it in the place of the madam.
This is still happening in Israel.
The meeting was conducted by Mary Shangpung, Treasurer, AJMW&LU.
However, when they meet him, he is a khongpong, and most of them die just because of his words.
He said that the district authorities and the health department in the district have worked in all aspects to provide assistance to those who have been infected with the disease if it enters the state.
Not only a new policy is needed but there is a need for a hand holding of the government for the farmers and in the agriculture sector.
It's not easy.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has directed the Hima Mylliem to find a new place for the land owners who have been removed by the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) from Eva Vidoe to Stand Jeep.
He said that they can no longer improve the National Highway because it is no different from the dirt road.
A pen knife was seized from the suspect and he was arrested and handed over to the court today, said Superintendent Sylvester Nongtnger. of Police, East Khasi Hills, Shillong.
Applicants must be residents of Shillong, Upper Shillong or surrounding areas.
The foundation stone was laid by the Moderator of the Presbyterian Church of India (PCI), Rev. DC Haia in the presence of Rev GS Lytan, Administrative Secretary of the PCI, Rev DS Sohkhlet, Senior Executive Secretary of the KJP Western Synod and others. .
He said that as students in their studies, they should have a goal in their lives so that they can become those who have a spirit of competition. They live in these days when many have that spirit.
She expressed her sorrow over the involvement of many young children in this alcoholic beverage which has enslaved their lives.
He said that from the investigation, the police have found that the HNLC has used technology and social media to target youths to commit illegal acts. of the organization.
The SP said that if anyone is found to have links with the HNLC, they will be arrested and prosecuted under strict rules of law.
I have also sent my petition to Prime Minister Narendra Modi,” said Shullai.
This has been going on for months,” said Mr. Marplie.
On the other hand, the four parties will continue to monitor this.
Shillong: St Mary's College today laid the foundation stone for the construction of a new college in Syllei, Lar Umroi, Ribhoi District.
The tournament includes men and women and the participating states are Meghalaya, Odisha, West Bengal, Bihar, Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand.
For this reason, many places have been in conflict to this day.
Lajong are at the bottom of the points table so far with only 4 points from 12 games.
Man United are the fourth richest football club in the world and now investors see it as the leading tool in the sport.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Gigur Marthong MLA of the constituency and MDC candidate of the party welcomed the PDF office bearers who have been willing to join the party. Shillong: U Bah HS Shylla, Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Kurs of Hynniewtrep, today said that the dorbar bah will be held on the 2nd of June at 11 am at Aurobindo Hall. , Shillong.
Property worth more than Rs 1,000 crore has been completely damaged and the rainfall continues,” Dhami told reporters after the discussion. on internal conditions from the rainfall.
Residents of Tawang, Arunachal Pradesh participate in YatraThe Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra has received the support of the people of Tawang, Arunachal Pradesh, who have given their support for a prosperous India.
Various groups in the state including civil society, religious groups, Rangbah Shnongs and many residents have expressed their opposition to the casino. The district has been a source of many crimes and illegal activities where in the past few days some Sengbhalang have planned to go to Khanapara area even to break down the gate to protest.
Hamedamanbha Thma scored in the second minute, Samson Swer in the 20th minute and Damehipaia Niangti in the 70th minute.
Upon seeing the post on Rakkam's Facebook page, Rupang spoke to Rakkam, who said that the missing persons were from his family.
The two bombs were recovered from the Awapalli-Basaguda road when a team of the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) went out to conduct a search operation.
“Therefore, I have introduced a budget for 2023-2024 of less than T.1,592 crore, which is 3.42% of GDP,” he said.
These cows were donated by the Meghalaya Milk Mission through the Government of India under the Umbrella Scheme Rashtriya Pashudhan Development Yojna.
Speaking to the audience, the District Agriculture Officer, East Jaintia Hills District, MJ Shylla, explained the government's plan to double the income of the farmers by It is necessary to conduct awareness programs to the people to know how to farm and raise crops in order to increase their income.
The program was held at the Community Hall of Wapung School East Jaintia Hills District. 39 people and their families from Tuber Sohshrieh, Tuber Kmai Shnong attended the programme. , Village Headquarters, School Headquarters, Pamra Kmai Village, Pamra Paithlu and Mookhep.
However, Mukul said that the failure to issue UC on time does not mean that the government cannot provide UC but there are many challenges faced and for that reason, it is slow. Shillong, October 17: The implementation of the Shillong Greater Water Supply Scheme Phase-3 has failed due to the target of completion by has never been fulfilled.
“We don't shout, we don't shout when there is a meeting, because we think that those who disrupt the meetings are just riewkai, those who disrupt the meetings of other parties, they are just riewkai.
There are 834 cases of covid-19 in India so far, 66 recoveries and 19 deaths, the health ministry said. sun.
This year's lehniam was concluded with Bam Tyngkong at the Langdoh's house followed by the last lehniam, Wai-Sa-Rang.
“If all the water wells turn tyrkhong, what will happen to the PHE, how can it distribute water to the villages in Shillong,” he said.
Other speakers included Bah G. Warjri, Dr. Dominic Shylla and Dr. AM Lanong, Deputy Director Mainstreaming of MACS. Dr.L.Myrthong launched the Mobile ICTC Van and Dr.L.Myrthong urged the participants to prevent the spread of HIV/AIDS and to teach that it is not necessary to discriminate against HIV/AIDS. Awards were also distributed to various groups of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, NGOs for their cooperation including TLS, SETU, 1 LT, SURE, SACS, Bansara Eye Care, Nethralaya. , to the Colleges, to the District Social Welfare Department, MHIS, Waheh Shnongs, Kyrmen Foundation and to the dewbilat factories and DISHA Khliehriat together with the doctor.
The Fire Service Police on receiving the information rushed to the scene to provide assistance.
Inside the house shall be placed a stone and where shall that stone be placed and where shall it be returned?2
The winners will receive prizes worth T.5,000 to T.15,0
Because if there are parking lots, we will leave our homes to go to the parking lot to earn money if the residents come to go to any place,” said the party spokesperson Bah Disparsing Rani.
Shillong, Naitung 18: Residents of Lawbah area under Mawsynram, East Khasi Hills this morning have been forced to return to their homes after the Riat Mawlyndiar (Rit Mawksir) road collapsed. mawsan covered the road.
“They arrived in two vehicles from Paikan in Assam to Tura, but as they did not have proper documents, they were sent to Paikan on the same evening,” said the DC.U. Nikman Marak, leader of the GSMC, said that these people came from Rajasthan and came to Tura to sell balloons for the upcoming Sobha. They sell balloons on the streets and then they stay in Tura.
He said that if the drivers of commercial vehicles who are members of the union, if they do wrong, it is difficult for the union to fight but if they do what is right, the union has no problem to help them. KHTTA also has partners in Assam and other states.
The bodies of the victims were taken to NEIGRIHMS Hospital for post-mortem and police have registered a case on the incident.
In 2019, the Seng Khasi Kenmynsaw Synteiñ, Mawsynram sent a letter to the Chairman of the National Commission for Minorities to recognize the Khasi religion as a minority religion in India.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The FKJGP East Khasi Hills Unit has strongly condemned the MeECL for the increasing power outages in Shillong.
Earlier, Purno and his son, Conrad Sangma, who is also the former Minister of State, met with senior officials of the Water Resources Department including Additional Secretary Dr. Amarjit Singh. to negotiate for the project.
Shillong: A fire broke out in Mawprem dong Mawbah on Tuesday, July 10, 2023, in which a house burnt down with 5 owners, 3 households working outside and 2 households still inside. apartment.
“It's not our job-we just do whatever we want,” he said.
We are planning to hand over the PHCs/CHCs to qualified organizations across the country".
Noting that the Home Guard also patrols 6-7 km from the border, he said, “It doesn't make sense to deploy them when they don't patrol the border.
Charles said the Assam government's action shows that it does not respect the talks between the chief ministers of the two states on the issue of border settlement.
He said he had spoken to the party MDCs who intended to leave but what his fellow MDCs cannot know but what is needed is that as the party they have been asked to think again.
He also urged that if the youth of the country join the army, there will be many changes in the society because as soldiers they have to live with other ethnic groups. and through this they will get an idea of ​​how other nations are doing.
The union has sent photographs and videos to the Government as a reminder of the damage and theft of property from this school which has not been implemented for many years. many years and causing great losses to the area.
They have their own thoughts, not dark ones, to build their own people and hide in their own source, their own; don't speak the words, say ong.
Taking the example of Mawlynnong, he said, “The people of Mawlynnong earn T.2000 per day.
The village also has many volunteers who clean the market every morning, but he said that he is shocked to see that there are some who don't care about the cleanliness of the market.
The meeting was attended by Pastor TK Iawphniaw, Tymmen Basan R Mawleiñ, Richard Kurbah, Bistarjune Lyngdoh, residents and others.
Shillong, November 22 : Meghalaya beat Sikkim by 10 wickets in the Ranji Trophy at MCA Stadium. After taking the lead by 13 runs in the first innings, Meghalaya beat Sikkim by 10 runs. Sikkim scored 90 runs to win by 78 runs in the match which lasted more than 10 hours.
It is recommended that those who like to drink umpjah should not drink before or after 20 minutes of meals or during meals, but should drink after 25-30 minutes. dead eat.
Regarding the temporary ban on foreigners from setting up market in Umtrai, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh said that the reason why the union has taken this step is as one of the ways to prevent the spread of Corona Virus, because inside the market there are many foreigners who come to stay in the market.
The President of San Shnong, Bah Scientist Sana, also demanded that action should be taken for the benefit of the district as a whole.
Our customs and traditions do not end only in the family.
He has done it openly and he is the one who smuggles foreigners.
The Minister also gave detailed information on the schemes implemented by the department for the people with disabilities.
It also takes funds from other countries to run the project and receives up to 100 million USD per annum.
Speaking as the chief guest, the SP urged the runners to have a strong goal and determination and to be determined in whatever they do to succeed in life.
At first glance, the number of votes is almost exactly the same.
He said that the party has its own rules of procedure in which anyone who violates the rules of procedure of the party will be prosecuted according to the rules of procedure of the party. but that will be after receiving their clarification.
The JSU and Bouncer Association of Meghalaya (BAM) welcomed the Kick Boxing players of the district under the banner of MSKA who came to participate in the WAKO India. The Seniors & Masters National Kickboxing Championship 2021 will be held from 26 to 29 July at Dayanand Bandodkar Stadium, Mapusa, Goa.
The School Managing Committee of Shilliangmyntang Secondary School expressed its gratitude to the IRCS and wished that its leaders and members will continue to serve their fellow human beings.
“We the three parties on the 11th will hold a flag raising ceremony in the state from 9 am to 3 pm and the BJP flag will be burnt and the venue will be announced.
After many years, perhaps after shiphew years, we have regained a strong and strong Opposition to overthrow the Ruling Party.
The young man, when he looked, didn't want to talk to her.
Nongstoiñ, July 1: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Marskuiñ area will hold various sports such as shooting competition. khnam, Mawpoiñ, sohtyngkoh and others in the second month of July this year.
Regarding the summons, the CSWO is one of the organizations that has not prepared its lawyer. Poonam Yadav, the spokesperson of the CSWO, said that she is still asking for more time from the government. The court shall not be able to submit the explanations on the appointed date.
The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District has directed all food vendors who have been allowed to open their shops to keep an account of their shops and not to sell too much to one buyer. There should be no shortage of goods during this time of crisis in the country due to the spread of COVID-1
Kong Riianom Passah reminded the children of the community and advised the youth to have responsibility and to walk in the path of knowledge and knowledge for the good of the people. and that they may be able to support the family as well as the community and the raid of the country.
We express our sincere gratitude to all those involved from Vietnam and the representatives from India.
The theme of the three-day festival was “Let Peace Reign”.
They include two cases from Guwahati, one from Sivasagar district and one from Sonitpur district.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle led by President Samla Laitphar Syngkrem, General Secretary and Samla Kindly Khyriem Finance Secretary together with their members on the 7th of this month distributed food items. to 24 villages under Amlarem Sub Division.
It is worth mentioning that the District Council has allocated T.10 lakh to all the MDCs in the KHADC, so that the MDCs can help the people in the constituency and especially those who are from poor families.
This age is in a great competition in which everyone wants to have what others have and also to have more than others.
The KSU leader urged the law enforcement agencies to investigate thoroughly against these foreigners for receiving these fake Dur Epic, where they got them and who is involved in them. The party does not want such incidents to happen in the future.
Compared to those leaders of the previous states, these leaders are now cool customers even in the midst of the fire.
He said the AICC is one of the parties in the Indian National Developmental Inclusive Alliance (INDIA) to fight against the BJP government which is trying to undermine democracy in the country.
“It's enough for him to rest, why should he carry the burden, which he can't carry anymore, when he's old, give it to others,” said Constantine.
“If it is not allowed to give more than 50% seats, why does the court allow more than 50% seats in the Legislative Assembly but why doesn't the court do anything? More than 80% of the residents are indigenous and therefore the allocation is legal,” he added.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC beat Neroca FC 2-0 in the I-League on Saturday at the SSA Stadium, Shillong.
As soon as the Prime Minister entered, the Rangbah Shnongs stood up to welcome him and after that, the Prime Minister went to the Rangbah Shnongs' residence to greet them. He returned to his seat and started the meeting by introducing himself as Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, followed by other government ministers. After that, the Rangbah Shnongs of the Government stood up one by one to introduce themselves to the Prime Minister.
Since the clashes in Manipur, nearly 100 people have lost their lives and hundreds have been injured.
Athletes who participate in various tournaments are required to bring 2 passport size photographs and recently Aaddhar card, birth certificate and certificates received from sports events.
Regarding the arrest of these seven persons, the residents of Gizang and Salbari have demanded that the Meghalaya and Assam governments should talk and fight immediately for their release.
Thamar informed the Governor of the Supreme Court's decision on 26th November 2017, which stated that the post of Parliamentary Secretary is illegal and that the Supreme Court has ruled that the post of Parliamentary Secretary is illegal. The Assam Parliamentary Secretaries (Appointment, Salaries, Allowances and Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 2004 was also repealed by the Government of Assam in
The BJP Shella Mandal has rejected Dr. Don's remarks by saying that not only the Congress has joined the BJP in the constituency but many UDP leaders have also joined the BJP. There were also those from other ethnic parties like the HSPDP, KHNAM and other supporters of independent candidates in 2013 who joined the BJP. Many from other ethnic parties and also many supporters of independent candidates in 2013 who came to join us,” said BJP General Secretary Shella Mandal Dra Pahsyntiew.
Shillong, June 12: Meghalaya has Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) which are similar to Panchayati Raj in other northern states, Chaudhary Birender Singh, Union Minister of State for Panchayati Raj, today said. and on the other hand, the Central Government will provide the same support to them as the Pan Chayati Raj.
The 13 organizations which demanded the passage of a law to ban foreigners from entering illegally, demanded that when the government passes the law, it should not put barriers against the villagers but should lock them up. only to those who come from outside.
He went to collect forms from a night college.
To welcome the visitor, Martha had prepared a lot of food and drink and did not have time to sit with him.
The State Government, as part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of Independence, through the Office of the Director of Information and Public Relations, Shillong in collaboration with the Northeast India AV Archive, has decided to set up a The Memory Crate will be opened again after 50 years on 21st January
The court ordered the police and the DC to arrest those who disrupt the puja and to prosecute them according to the strict rules of law.
Sources said that Mukul Sangma also has a close relationship with Himanta Biswa Sarma and these indicate that after 19th June, she may start creating a new image. the politics of Meghalaya as well.
In the men's category, Wadanang Secondary School won the title by defeating Government Higher Secondary School while in the women's category, Government Higher Secondary School defeated Wadanang Secondary School.
Therefore, through their knowledge they can protect the country and the nation in Meghalaya and it is also the duty of the school children and students to lead the way to a brighter future.
After investigation, the police burnt down the items seized from the drug users.
There are about 1200 residents from both the villages who have been living on the government land for years and now they are seeking permission to settle there.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 17: Taking into account the complaint received from the residents, who have expressed their deep sorrow over the delay of the PWD department to pave the road which is only 1km long, from Mawtari-Lumjyrmi. Leaders of the Ri Bhoi People's Movement (RBPM) led by their General Secretary, Bah John Mawphniang and members today visited the road. has been suspended for more than a decade.
There are so many families who are losing sleep as you read this article because of the presence of drug users in their homes.
The incident happened at around 2 pm, when four friends went to swim in Wah Barak near the hostel of St. Joseph's School Badarpur.
If we still want to see this state grow rapidly and its people to participate in income generation, adequate literacy and adequate health facilities, we must reject these. Old MLAs whom we have seen for many years and who have not been able to bring about any change.
Israel and Egypt have blocked traffic to Gaza in various ways since Hamas took control of the area from the Palestinians in
In the first half, the first half ended without anyone being able to score.
This came to light after several people sent a letter to the National Information Centre, regarding the information sent by Satish was wrong just to avoid going on election duty.
Member of the National Commission for Women (NCW) from the state, Kong Delina Khongdup has left for Rajasthan to investigate the sudden death of a 19-year-old student in the state this evening. of 27th June this year.
On this occasion, the flag of the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum Land Surveyors Association was raised, along with a female cow for the rights of the gods. the basa and the ryngkew, which were cut down, were cut down and cleansed.
In English it means Tub and is used in Khasi to read Top.
The funeral service will be held on 1.02.2024 at the Nongbri Cemetery near Circuit House, Jowai.
Shillong, Nailar : The Jan Arogya Samiti (JAS) of HWC-Sub-Centre Laitnongkseh on the 22nd of this month held a public hearing on the issue of teenage pregnancy. , the POCSO Act, on HIV and Aids as well as on drug abuse.
After the incident, all four children were taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for medical check-up. Nongpoh PS has registered a case under the Juvenile Act. Police are conducting a thorough investigation to find out the facts.
After the 2023 elections, these members of the government have been fighting in the field and accusing each other of insulting each other but after the counting of votes, they have soon come together again to form a government.
Shillong, Nailar 28 : The smuggling of timber from government forests has increased in Garo Hills where many areas have been destroyed and these timbers have been smuggled from Garo Hills to Assam. The surprising thing is that although the civil society organizations from time to time have seized these trucks carrying illegal timber, the government has not done anything.
The students who wrote the examination, together with their parents, were left in the dark about the conduct of the examination at the NEHU Centre, as it could not be held at the NEHU Centre. The time scheduled was also very busy since morning, when there was a rush to check the roll numbers.
Jowai, June 19: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP-JH) has demanded that the government should appoint a committee of inquiry into the illegal collection and collection of money by the employees of the Transport Department. The Directorate of Mineral Resources (DMR) and the staff of the weighbridge were led by Pormi Dkhar who was appointed by the Transport Department.
Entry fees shall be Rs.1500/- per Team, Registration fee for players Rs.20/- each and not less than 20 or more than 25 players from one group.
In the second half, Madan Thadmuthlong beat Nangbah Khloopano 12-0
Why should my people face this problem just because there is no policy,” said Dr Kharlukhi.
Former Karnataka Chief Minister HD Kumaraswamy on Tuesday announced that if the Janata Dal-Secular (JD-S) comes to power in the state, it will provide about 50 per cent of the vote. Financial support for cooking gas cylinders.
It is the responsibility of the political parties to take the welfare of the people as a priority especially at this time when the elections are coming up. When we turn and listen to the election campaigns of various candidates, what they bring first is the problems of the people and they also express that they are determined to eradicate these problems. villages of the state have been mad.
Friday Shadap of Narwan village has won the first prize of the Mahindra Thar in the lucky draw organized by the East Jaintia District Cricket Association (EJDCA).
Besides, the residents of Mukhap Mowtyrshiah did not go to the market even though it was the Mowkaiaw market day.
Peace and order in the border areas of West Jaintia Hills District has not yet been fully restored as the residents of Khanduli village are still suffering from the violence of the Karbi people.
These vehicles have been awarded to individuals or private organizations who wish to use them by submitting a tender to MUDA according to their wishes and price.
Furthermore, the UGC has announced the registration date for the CUET 2022 for Post Graduate Courses.
He said that family members should monitor the activities of their children to ensure that they do not fall prey to criminals.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Tuesday started collecting the views of the people of the state on the manifesto of the party. for the upcoming Lok Sabha Elections.
Jesus had already made himself known to them, but they did not believe.
Meghalaya, along with Mizoram and Nagaland, has been exempted from the Panchayati Raj Act which means the lowest level of rule – the village rule but the office bearers of those Panchayats must be elected by vote. .
Wheat products are rich in fiber known as beta-glucan.
The curfew announced by the opposition is across the country.
Then there are two valleys called the shorter Asdad Valley and the longer Wah Umlwai Valley.
daiñ-ly-daiñ : which is too much for you.
In Dhoom 4, Aditya feels that Ranbir and Ranveer are perfect to play the role and this announcement of Aditya has upset Aamir who has been waiting for his role again for years. past.
Vajpayee, 93, is the 10th Prime Minister of India and was admitted to AIIMS on July 11, 2018, for rheumatism and pneumonia.
“We strongly urge the Central Government to investigate whether these foreigners are involved in this incident in Manipur.
With this victory, Mooknor Thadmuthlong has qualified for the semi final of the tournament.
Nongspung: The Village Defense Party (VDP) Nongspung under the leadership of Bah Melanding Syiemlieh President VDP Nongspung and Bah Rojimstar Syiemlieh Secretary VDP Nongspung in collaboration with the Youth Wing, Women's Wing and Social Work students. Department of Martin Luther Christian University on June 29 conducted a training program on hygiene, alcohol abuse, child marriage and violence against women and children.
It is clear that the presence of Government of India offices in Shillong is a big challenge for the people of Assam, because many of the jobs, which are currently in the Government of India offices, are working in Shillong. from this State.
He also reminded that the youth of West Khasi Hills are talented in sports especially in football.
Although homosexual relationships have been declared no longer a criminal offense after the court's order in the case of Navtej Singh Johar, There shall be no requirement or demand for legal recognition of that marriage between a woman or a man.
He also urged the government authorities to expedite the assessment and investigation of the damage so that the relevant authorities can send for repairs.
The Bharat Jodo Nyay Yatra in the state under the leadership of Rahul Rahul started from Jorabat with the handover of the flag by the Congress leaders in the state.
The four-day Lyiur session of the Tripura Assembly will start from 7th November, Speaker Biswabandhu Sen said on Friday.
The Secretary of Mawshbuit Village, Bah Kyntiewbor War, in an interview with this reporter, said that after the arrival of the District authorities, a meeting was held with the Village Authorities, together with the Adjutant of the Army. Gorkha and it was at 2.30 pm that it was agreed that they should continue as before, until 31st October 2016 and therefore, they should not ban the traffic. Bah War said that he wants the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills to convene a meeting immediately to discuss the issue. He said that the construction of the gate by the GTC in 1982 is illegal, as the PWD road has been used by Mawshbuit for many years. 1850.
In West Garo Hills, there are 25 cases including 16 high risk cases, 8 policemen and one health worker.
(The evildoer is dead, the case is closed).
In another incident, at 3:35 pm, Umkiang PP police conducted a raid at Damcherra, Kuliang, NH-6 and seized a vehicle. Honda City B/R No.AS-06-V-8941 and during the search, police recovered 84 grams of heroin wrapped in brown tape. kg.
Finally, do not stop or drive during floods and avoid electricity posts to avoid being caught in them.
Besides the roads of today, we really need a railway, that is, when we compare them separately in terms of the economy of scale of transportation.
The farmers who have been affected and have not received their compensation until the opening of the NUHEP, said that in fact they have no objection to the existence of the power plant. However, the reason why they came out to express their protest was because of the lack of attention by MeCL to resolve the issue, whether it is regarding the payment of the bill. and other needs of the farmers in the area.
Earlier, the court had directed the Investigating Officer (IO) to submit the report of the investigation and to expedite the investigation.
Sangma said there are some schools which teach in the mother tongue, from Class-1 to Class-V, but with this new arrangement, the translation will also be brought about in the language.
Meanwhile, CEM of GHADC Albinush Marak said that it is not true as alleged.
Shillong, July 12 : The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the NPP-led state government has introduced many plans and implemented many plans. schemes, projects and programs for the purpose of accelerating development works in the state.
After the MeFilMA office bearers also spoke to the DC through a phone call, he informed the union to appoint a District Level Committee to review the films before releasing them. you are in your office in Lachaumiere.
“Therefore, we will work with the Dorbar Shnongs to curb the sale and consumption of drugs.
Speaking to reporters, Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the visit of the Union Minister to Meghalaya was to inaugurate the Regional Cancer Center and others. other benefits at the North East Indira Gandhi Institute of Health and Medical Science in Shillong.
When he sat down in the council, Wymïe was thylliej without the Phali of the ïuspong.
Informing that the government has chosen to implement a policy of implementing technology and technology now, Dr Mukul said, “We need to get out of the box and live the truth”.
The Hearing sent a report on their receipt to the CEM. We went to meet him at the KHADC office and he said the report was with him.
Rida was brought here.
However, in the second half, Raid Nongpoh took the lead and scored the first goal, but after a few minutes, Shillong Lajong took the lead and scored the first goal. you're right.
Many graduated in 2008 and expected to be hired by DHS just like those who graduated in 2007.
The distribution of gifts is part of the Christmas gift.
Before we get into this topic, let us read a little about this great man of India, whom all students and even teachers should know something about. Radhakrishnan was born in a small village on the border of Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh called Tiruttani on November 5,
The protest broke out when the Meghalaya and Assam Police arrived at the scene, where the protesters shouted against the police, saying that they should not Arrest immediately the persons involved in the destruction of the Mawnongrim.
"They were surprised. "You haven't come to Nongstoin yet..." they asked. "I'm working here... But I'm still a new joint.
Many Congress leaders who have left the party have said that they do not support the candidate nominated by the Congress party from Mawhati Constituency for the MDC election
For the 11th time, 'Ka Help for the Poor' has distributed relief goods to eight (8) poor and needy families selected from all over the Khasi-Jaintia Hills. .
Thank you for asking about this smart meter.
He said that the UDP party's decision to join the MDA government to form a government was after careful consideration on the benefits of the people of many churches and with the understanding of the 11 UDP MLAs in Bah Mayral said that despite the many challenges and obstacles in the past five years, the people of Nongpoh Constituency have decided to join hands with the MDA government. They did not leave the UDP party and showed their confidence in Bah Mayralborn by once again appointing him as the Nongmihkhmat of the Constituency.
The District Election Officer, West Jaintia Hills District Election Officer, West Jaintia Hills has issued some rules and regulations in connection with the polling day tomorrow. bud ryntih with the kyrtong or the political party.
After a while, the police arrested the suspect.
Besides the loss of precious lives, there has also been the destruction of homes, churches and public places which has undermined the peace and order.
Shillong, November 11: With the BJP's victory in the last elections, Purno A Sangma, Leader of the National People's Party (NPP), will contest the Lok Sabha elections from Tura.
She said that this is not the first time that these movements have led the Congress party away from these urgent and necessary tasks.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) through its Youth Development Cell (YDC), for the first time, has visited Tura to conduct a training camp for the youth of Garo Hills. They have a lot of talent in the field of football.
Maxmillan Lyngdoh, President of the Meghalaya Government Employees Federation, said that the meeting was held in the past two or three days. Some members of the party have informed him and according to the information he has received, he said that no members of the party have yet submitted their names to the government.
“They have surrendered to the SP of East Khasi Hills today,” said SP Mariahom Kharkhrang.
Please contact RTI. You can also send a letter online.
It is the people who will bring about a new political revolution and not the MLAs/MDCs as some people think wrong.
Speaking at the inauguration of the memorial stones on the roads named after the elders of the Laban Dorbar Shnong, Bah Sanbor said that the strength of the people to decide in the Khadar administration It is during the elections that they go to vote for any candidate who wants to stand for election but the Khasi often instead of using this power properly, they count dew thala by going for a picnic. the day of the vote.
Bryan died in the incident, while the eight-month-old woman fell to the ground and collapsed.
KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah said that when the government has purchased the land, New Shillong should ensure that it benefits the state residents and not foreigners.
It is not yet known whether the woman fell from the top of the floor or not. Police are conducting an investigation to find out whether she committed suicide or an accident.
However, the BSF troops arrested them on their way.
Kharge, the 80-year-old leader, can win easily against the 65-year-old Shashi Tharoor, as Kharge has the support of the household. Gandhi's family, even if they don't believe this.
The program concluded with a ceremony of honoring the members of Srimantha Sankerdev Cultural Center who donated the land for the construction of the road.
Balawan also explained the lack of attention of the State Government to resolve the border issue and its lack of attention to set up police stations in the border areas to protect the border area and the people living on the border.
The Minister said this in response to a question raised by Mawlai MLA, Bah PT Sawkmie on the delay of the MPSC in conducting interviews for job seekers.
When asked whether they have labor licence, they said they don't have labor licence. The union has informed the police of Jhalupara Outpost. he went to the Civil Hospital.
Speaking as the chief guest, C.Kharkongngor, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, expressed her satisfaction to see that many people have flocked to the fair.
Therefore, the Chairman and members had another purpose and that was to loot and blow up bombs as part of the announcement of the emergence of the NLCN and also to intimidate the people but Conrad He said that because of the police's haste, the NLCN's plans have failed.
Chutwakhu scored 124 runs in 17.1 overs for the loss of all wickets.
“I went to the area to see for myself after I learned that the Nagas have moved towards the Assam border and I saw clearly that they have seized 2 to 3 kilometers of their land. The clashes resumed after the Nagaland police set up their camp in the Dissoi Valley Reserve Forest and the area was reportedly under the control of the Nagaland Reserve Forest. in the Mariani Forest Range of Jorhat district.
The present step is to observe these indicators and the changes over time and the impact of these changes.
Speaking at a public meeting held at Tikrikilla, Dr. Mukul Sangma strongly criticized the NPP-led MDA government for resolving the issues.
The due date for submission of the entry will be on or before November 16, 2022.
At the same time, it is up to the laws to punish the tobacco factory.
When he said he didn't have a mobile phone, they asked for a mobile phone and when he didn't, they took a dakar and threw him in the shadem.
The purpose of this program is to train drivers and the public to be careful in driving and also in their journey in order to reduce accidents and collisions.
When asked by the BJP leader who is also a Minister in the MDA government, Bah AL Hek, he said, “We don't feel anything and when we formed the MDA government. We have decided with the BJP from Delhi and we have to obey the leadership of the BJP from Delhi because when we formed the MDA government it was held at Assam House in the presence of all the leaders of the Government. middle.
Whether it is or not, the government will increase the payment of these doctors who do not want to work or serve in their own state.
The festival, organized by the ryndia farmers in Umden, aims to promote and preserve the culture of the Eri community.
After his arrest, he was handed over to the Madanrting Police Station for further investigation.
He said that all the steps in the process have been completed only by writing in the room of the Prime Minister or MP but he has decided not to hold a public meeting and this is to show that the demand is no longer there. to end only in the four corners or to end only in the lympung of thought.
Salseng has served five years as Prime Minister during the Congress era, Dr. Mukul Sangma has served five years under the NPP, all of which are national party-led governments. parties while governments of national parties cannot last more than five years.
There are 654 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state so far, 385 cases in East Khasi Hills including 31 cases from Armed Forces and 354 cases from civilians. 9 cases, 4 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 23 cases in Ri Bhoi, 26 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 5 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 150 cases in West Garo Hills. There are 15 cases in South West Garo Hills, 2 cases in South Garo Hills, 27 cases in East Garo Hills and 146 cases in North Garo Hills. there are 8 people.
So the work I am doing is clean and transparent and I hope I will be able to serve better in the years to come," he said.
According to him, now the shops selling chicken meat have to follow strictly from the construction of the place to store the meat where all three sides have to be covered with ïit.
He specially advised his wife to advise and show him not in anger but in love.
Meghalaya's first goal was scored in the 17th minute by Sangti Janai Sianglong.
The truck (ML 06-8756) was driven by Andrias Thyrniang, 39, of Diskiang WKHD. The victim was identified as Iohbor Puwein, 18, of Nongriangkhon, Shahlang Police Station.
At the meeting, Munni Irrone said, “I congratulate you for continuing to promote the culture and democracy.
However, these are the basic needs and uranium mining groups have only one basis and that is economic development.
The Pharisees said to Jesus, “Teacher, rebuke your disciples.
(2) A group of persons specially dispatched for a particular purpose.
Because of this meeting, we have decided that we will soon meet with the CEM of KHADC, to demand the inclusion of Lam Bhoi or Shaw Bhoi under the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act. They have requested that the Bhoi people should be included in the Shongkha Shongman Act of the KHADC, so that the Bhoi people can get their rights and also to preserve their ancient customs and traditions. added.
Two other children (Babli Roy, 11 and Ayan Das, 6) were also accompanied.
There will be seven teams in the tournament and all matches will be played at Grand Prairie Stadium in Texas.
The Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE) has allocated T. 6.75 crore and the North Eastern Council (NEC) has allocated T. 9.68 crore. MePDGCL Director (Generation) Bah K Tiewsoh.
We entrust this task to the Government we have elected.
Many of the teachers especially in the rural areas receive lower salaries than those who do not have a degree.
Mawrie said the party will not listen to those allegations before the election and the party will work hard to strengthen the party whether it is to prepare for the MDC or MP election. When asked about the news, the President of the BJP Meghalaya, said that so far there has been no discussion within the party on the nomination of the MP candidate. He said that if the party feels that he should be appointed as an MP candidate, he is ready to accept the decision of the party.
These domestic workers demanded that the central government should protect their rights through the Comprehensive National Legislation for Domestic Workers and accept the International Labor Organization Act
The National Unity Day is a commemoration of the birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhai Patel, the freedom fighter who brought about the unity of the States in India.
There was also a discussion that if Bah Pynshngaiñ is removed, who will be appointed CEM, and it was said that the name of Bah Process T Sawkmie came up among several candidates. The MLAs who suggested that Bah Sawkmie should be appointed to the post.
These employees start working from 7 pm to 9 pm, which has been extended from time to time depending on the traffic.
doi-ly-doi : which cannot be used to describe the stinging of a stinging thing.
The EM explained that the requirements for obtaining a license are EPIC among others and police verification.
He said the VPP will release its Vision Documents in the coming days before the party releases its election manifesto.
State President Bah Ernest Mawrie and MDC Tura Bernard N. Marak were accompanied by Bah Ernest Mawrie, State President and Tura MDC Bernard N. Marak. .
They also urged the doctors to be thoughtful and not to be brave in relation to the more serious diseases, but to treat according to their knowledge and ability and especially to work closely with hospital authorities for the purpose of taking samples to identify the types of diseases.
He said that the PHC serves not only these 16 villages and 15000 population, but also serves every day the injured of road accidents, who need emergency treatment, because the Umkiang Police Patrolling Post is located here. inside Umkiang Village.
Elangovan said the dignity of the Tamils ​​has existed for 2,000 years and this is what makes people equal, regardless of gender.
Neftin (medicine)         0.050                            0.025                              0 0.500                                  0.500                    0.500                                                                                                                     (Mark's Disease) Pain ...2.1 (day) or 4-5 R days Measles (Ranikhet) 15 weeks 3.4 – 5 days Pox vaccine Fowl pox 6-8 weeks4.6 – 8 weeks fo lam pox fo ng l ) shi simba5.9 – 12 weeks Ranikhet Pang khlam (Ranikhet) his life.
Shillong: The State Government has prepared 14 shelters for those who have the disease, or those who are suspected of having the disease, or quarantine facilities for the purpose of keeping a distance between those who are in doubt. that they cannot get corona virus.
There are about 50 Blue Shirts for the supervisors, 1500 glow jackets for the field workers and 500 for the field workers. Navy Blue.
He said that those who are trying to turn the language into politics who have their own personal motives now have to listen.
The BJP President has refused to form an alliance with any party in the mid-term MDC elections and said the party will contest if there are candidates from the party.
He said that if there is anything that parents want to ask for help, teachers are ready to do so because as teachers they have the goal to bring about improvement in the school. all aspects and they also want their children to be successful at all times.
All these children are outside of that precious thing and that is faith, that until the day of his death.
DD Lapang also wrote a letter of condolences to Sildaris Lyngdoh, on the passing away of Bah Hoping Lyngdoh, in which he said, “I am deeply saddened to learn of the sudden passing away of Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, MLA. He is also my fellow leader and friend for many years, he is the leader of the Hills State Movement, he is one of the heroes who brought about this state and throughout his life. in politics and in everyday life he puts the interests of the people first.
In their old age they had a son and named him Isaac.
However, it will not apply to those who have received pension and have been appointed or re-employed in any state or central government.
“I am surprised to see in the newspapers that the driver of a commercial vehicle who did not collide with the prime minister's vehicle has been charged under the Attempted Murder Act. “This is a real insult to us children,” said Evangeline with a sad face to remind her brother.
“If I were in his place before coming to Shillong, I would have ensured that all the MLAs should have attended the meeting. “The TMC MLAs from the meeting did not attend the meeting in Shillong,” he said.
However, as the days and years have passed, with the increased need for land and forests for development purposes, the price of forest land has increased and thus in this country as elsewhere , there was a strong demand for land and forests and the price rose sharply.
Vehicles who have never passed through this road are still hesitant because they do not recognize the road that should lead to Mawlai and Polo.
When this understanding comes, we will not arrest them, we will not kill them anymore.
Such children from BPL households or those who have no parents for that reason, cannot afford to go to day school but continue their education in step school where the cost of school fees is low. tremendous.
Those in power strive to develop only their own constituencies or those of their colleagues in power.
He said they would inform the government to take back the confiscated land.
Besides the seized motorcycles, police also seized an Alto 800 (AS01-DH-2009) which was used by the robbers in the commission of the robbery. .
The decision was taken at a meeting of the Central Executive Committee at its office in Mawlai Motsyiar chaired by the President of the Seng Kmie Welbert Rani.
On the other hand, the residents of Umtngam area, have expressed the same concern to see the problems faced by the residents and especially the school children, just because of the lack of electricity will cause also to the disruption of the students, as it is still the time for them to study for the mid-year examination.
Of these, 11,420 are injection drug users, 43,620 are drug users, 1, 64,814 are opioid users, 24,700 are drug users, and 1300 are drug addicts. and 1,400 people addicted to amphetamine, he said.
The BJP has received the Ministry of Agriculture, SAD, Printing and Stationery.
It is recommended that you avoid criticizing organizations or their supporters using unsubstantiated accusations.
Meghalaya has set up an exhibition of clothes and handicrafts at the Crafts Bazaar at the G20 Summit at Bharat Mandapam, Pragati Maidan from 8th to 10th November.
“It is an urgent need to appoint that MDC overnight, and this morning even in the dorbar we have not reached, it has been announced that it is too urgent, we want to know,” said Bah Pangniang.
The owners of the house said they had no information, but they were shocked when the fire broke out and destroyed the house and all their belongings.
Meghalayan Age Ltd, chaired by Vijay Kumar, has not sent any documents regarding the collection of funds to the Ministry of Corporate Affairs since its inception. the company in 2020.
Nongpoh, Nailar 08: Members of the RBYF and FKJGP Umsning Circle have arrested nine foreigners who came to smuggle into the state for smuggling. court papers.
In another development, the Chairman Cum Managing Director (CMD) of MeECL, today announced that the state government has set a deadline for payment of the power grid bill. will be removed from now on, throughout the state.
They are able to change according to the political changes in any state or country.
According to sources, Sir Harry was the Officer Incharge of the Foreign Government in Sohra. He was also the appointed Assistant Political Agent of Tirot Singh. Many of the positions he held in Sohra are said to have been in 1853 when he left England to return to his country, and died on the 31st of November 1860 in England. .
Punjab has 558 cases, followed by Sindh with 481, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa with 188, Balochistan with 138 and Gilgit-Baltistan with , 43 in Islamabad and 2 in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK).
Once the animals are released, they cannot control man and know how he is. Hopefully, the elders of the church will learn from this.
He added that as a leader of the people, he wants to have a cooperation whether it is in the work of the church, in the society and if there is that cooperation from all sides we can come. “It's a good idea to bring about change within the church, the society and the families and when the families are strong, the church and the nation will be strong,” he added.
Thus, as of Wednesday, six candidates have completed their nomination papers since the day the nomination period opened.
On this occasion, the College also distributed mementos to the family members of Kiri Dhar, Daloi and to several guests as a sign of respect for this brave hero. he gave his life for his country.
“The EC intends to create a website of the Council and to computerize the Finance and Account Department so that the accounts and payment of salaries to the employees will be accurate,” he said. of Pyreth.
In 2007 he was transferred back to Namdong Parish as Parish Priest and Principal of the school where he worked until
When searching the truck, 18 cows were found in the truck, while the driver of the vehicle left the vehicle on the road.
The purpose of this measure is to prevent and control the spread of the disease.
The party has urged all foreigners in Meghalaya to join hands with the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo communities to strongly oppose the CAB 2019 which has been passed by the government. He did not express the concerns of Meghalaya and the entire North East.
So far, strong security forces have been deployed at Polo Ground to guard the EVMs brought from these three constituencies.
In a letter sent to Himachal Pradesh Chief Minister Sukhvinder Singh Sukhu, Stalin said he was deeply saddened by the severity of the losses and suffering in the state. heavy rainfall and landslides in many places.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Baiateilang Lapang, said that there is nothing wrong with the pond, but it is the decision of the people. and that he was accused without knowing the truth.
He hoped that the voters would allow another woman who is able to speak and express her views in the Assembly as at present there are only three Longkmie out of 60 MLAs in the Assembly.
“When asked whether he will attend the meeting of the election committee, Ma Shibun said, “If I am there or not, I don't know. it is my right to mushlia"
She graduated from Laitumkhrah Presbyterian School in Class X in 1988, but because of her desire to complete her studies, she started her studies again. She continued her Class X at NIOS School in Umsning, which is a night school until she completed her Class X through NIOS and now she has completed her Class XII Arts in 3rd Position from Balwan College, Umsning.
With this victory, the UAE retained the top spot and tied with China on four points, but surpassed by scoring more goals.
At the end of the programme, the prizes were awarded to the 10 finalists and the winner was awarded by Bah Donkupar Sumer to Bah Kismol Nongrang from Sumer Ri-Bhoi. .
He said that he does not agree that only factories should be accused of being the capital of the country.
"Referring to the Congress party's journey, Chatrath said many parties have joined the INDIA party and it has become a strong party with senior leaders from many. that state.
Chinese troops have entered the border of Arunachal Pradesh in the past few days and the Chinese troops have been talking and fighting with the people of Arunachal Pradesh. dozens of conversations on twitter.
Jesus' rule will be from Jerusalem, the capital of Israel.
Also present on the occasion were the parents and family members of the students, the brothers of St. Edmund's, teachers and students of the College.
The Congress has lodged a complaint with the District Election Officer (DEO) East Khasi Hills, Meghalaya to immediately remove the portraits of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Defense Minister Amit Shah and BJP President. u JP Nadda who have been injured in electricity poles, parking lots and bus stops around Shillong.
These teams have prepared well to reach the goal and make a memorable appearance in the tournament.
After about 24 hours, the seeds in this container begin to germinate.
“From Garo Hills we will win at least 14 seats and from Khasi Hills we will win at least 19 seats which means we will win at least 34-35 seats in the upcoming elections,” he said. He also said that once again they will take over the government by ruling alone without any discrimination.
Government authorities have sent more police teams to the area to restore peace and order.
Nongpoh: In the friendly match between Raid Nongpoh FC and Shillong Lajong FC, which was played at NSCA Pahamsyiem Stadium today, Raid Nongpoh FC beat Shillong Lajong FC 3-0 1, in the match which reached the tie breaker.
“I want to say clearly that if we talk about the shortcomings of this policy in front of the people, it will cause a lot of anger among the people. “I urge the government to do what is right in a fair manner,” he said.
The Chief Guest, Sniawbha, in his speech, said that Rom Dhar is not an educated man but a man who has a vision and has stood up to build this health centre. especially to the people of the area and to those from near and far.
I hope that we stand for 30 lakh citizens of the state and the government will accept the decision,” he said.
“We have opened this car dealership to make it easier for people not to come to Shillong.
I was one of the passengers who supported the commercial vehicles. I had to get off halfway and walk for 7 kilometers.
rev te u who is wise and righteous too much for himself he feels only for himself who believes in God, others believe in his friend to him he doesn't feel we also pray that he will be stronger and stronger and may God bless him to feel equal with others and not to count zero (0) to other salonsar.
Therefore, what is needed is that the State Government should allocate funds through the Department of Agriculture, to support our farmers to achieve their dreams and objectives. their.
The purpose of holding this festival is to showcase to the world the richness of the Khasi country in terms of customs and traditions, and it is expected that up to 54 Elaka will take part to showcase their culture. and to bring together different customs and traditions.
On the other hand, the SP of East Garo Hills, Bruno A Sangma, said that the people have been warned not to stand in the rud wah due to heavy rainfall and the rivers have risen suddenly. Thousands of people have gone to the Ganol, Simsang, Jengjiram and other rivers in Garo Hills to celebrate Easter.
However, we believe that this huge market that is waiting to be filled will be a great challenge for those who intend to enter these activities - cattle, pig, goat, chicken, fish and how ter ter.
Some said it would be better for the BJP to field candidates in 1-Shillong and 2-Tura to attract Dkhar votes and others who may go to the Congress.
The All Jaintia Tourist and Commercial Vehicle Association (AJTCVA) today decided to suspend operations indefinitely.
HYC Mawkynrew Circle under the leadership of HYC Mawkynrew Circle on 12/9/2020 visited Jongksha village to hold a meeting. units.
The military bases from Happy Valley, Laitkor, Shillong Peak, Upper Shillong, Laitumkhrah, Polo, Mawroh, Mawiong, Bhoi Rymbong, Bishapur, etc. have not been named. The State Government has not accepted these land while the people are still in need.
The meeting unanimously confirmed the decision taken from the beginning to oppose the proposal of the Assam Government and not to allow the Bramaputra Board to proceed with the project. .
Shillong, July 03 : The UDP candidate for Mawkynrew, Bah Remington Pyngrope on Tuesday said that if the UDP wins a majority in the MLA elections, it is not clear that he will become the Prime Minister. from the Khasi.
The main aim and desire of the NPP in bringing in the NC is only to defeat the UDP,” said Bah Titos.
There has been a complaint from the residents that the slowness has affected them when walking and standing especially when there is an earthquake but this place which is busy and crowded, will become more beautiful after it has been completed. clean all the tiles.
Islamic State militants have vowed to attack Rome immediately and kill homosexuals by throwing them down from the top of the tallest monument in the world. This is the country, which is known as the Leaning Tower of Pizza.
If these things are in the rules of law, then all these things can be restored, in which men cannot use force and women cannot be afraid to fight alone.
In the second match, Shillong College Higher Education beat Rusa College Smit 2-0
Shillong, June 18: Shillong Police today arrested a youth suspected of being a drug dealer from the narrow road near Synod College, Jaiaw Langsning. .
The shop is owned by Ma Balios Swer and will be run by Rimiki Challam. The shop was inaugurated by D Tariang, DHS Inspector DHS West Jaintia Hills District.
“The village will not refuse to apply the village rules against those who pass by and if there is any incident within the village they will have to take responsibility,” said the Sordar.
In the second half, Robert Khongjoh and Samuel Kynshi scored for Meghalaya.
Guwahati: There have been 16 new cases of coronavirus in Assam.
“The UDP has been informing the Government from time to time, not only the Minister of Education, but also the Minister of Finance and the Prime Minister to take the decide how to help these teachers," he added.
On the other hand, UDP General Secretary Jemino Mawthoh said that during the election campaign, I have seen that we will win because of the support of the people.
Even the BJP Meghalaya has expressed its anger over his statement in support of the CAA and has informed the party leadership.
Gemima Pohrmen Provincial Economist Shillong Province and other dignitaries.
In Women's Doubles, Josefina Dala Passah and Balashembha Passah won the title by defeating Ibalari Siangshai and Pretty Mary Sumer 21-9, 21-1 and Balasheba Passah (21-9, 21-18).
State Cement Company also came to participate in the programme.
This was announced by the Chairman of JMB, F War, at the awarding ceremony of the Dorbar Shnong Mynthong on Thursday.
With this victory, Shillong Lajong are now in third place behind Sreenidi Deccan by goal difference.
The referee decided to shoot from the penalty spot when Dong Mainroad FC won 4-2 goals and won the title of this year.
Shillong, June 07: “Education goes hand in hand with sports, but it takes hard work to reap the fruits of victory,” said Grace Mary Kharpuri MDC Nongshken Constituency.
In fact, India is a democratic country.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the government has directed the officers of NHIDCL to be vigilant and to provide security measures and to work 24 hours a day in the Rngain road area which is still affected by the landslide. that's it.
However, on this occasion, the DC East Khasi Hills District, has allowed the shops in the market places to open even on Sundays but they will have to follow the COVID-19 rules. -19.
“He has caused suffering to the people in which the Dorbar Shnong has to rise and fall. We will not allow even a piece of land of the Dorbar Shnong and the residents to go to the Raid Committee,” said Bah Banri, HSPDP candidate. “Until now, the NCP, he and his mother (Bah Sanbor) will continue to be with the people of Lawsohtun in this regard,” said Ricky.
The Meghalaya Grassroots Governance 2015 was prepared by the Sub-Committee headed by Bah Toki Blah as Chairman and handed over to the Central Committee headed by Bah Lapang.
No one was injured in the incident.
Other instructions are that as the Shillong-Sohra road is only one, drivers are requested to comply with the arrangements of the Traffic Police and Volunteers.
Former chairperson Phidalia Toi has resigned after being accused by the minister of failing to take over the post by missing 12 meetings and participating in the elections. past.
Finally he turns to the Lord, He is ready to live a new life.
There are 605 confirmed cases.
Speaking to reporters, PDAM President Kennedy Khyriem and MIDA President BL Blah congratulated the Meghalaya government authorities for holding a successful meeting between the members of the PDAM. The Mazdoor Union together with IOCL, BPCL and petrol pump owners in Meghalaya have decided to cancel the planned supply of petrol into Meghalaya.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Deputy Commissioner, EKHLTWA President Wandonbok Jyrwa said that in the meeting with the DC, all the taxi drivers have expressed their strong opposition to the order issued by the DC. Odd/Even for commercial vehicles in Shillong, he said that as taxi drivers, he does not accept this order.
Shillong: U Bah PT Sawkmie, Chief Leader of the Congress party, who is also the City President of the party, on Tuesday said that the decision whether to continue or leave the Congress party will be taken at the time of However, even if he decides to leave, he will not join the Trinamool Congress, as this party has no future in the state.
Speaking at the budget presentation, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that 232 acres of land has been allocated for the construction of buildings in the New Shillong Administrative City. to have a large administrative complex in which the Secretariat building and all the offices of the Directorates will be located.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Mawkdok Village Council on Saturday received a Dorbar Hall at a cost of T.14 lakh and T.3 lakh was donated from the MP Scheme. MLA of the area Bah TW Chyne and all the expenses were borne by the village.
The laws of the land, the laws of the land are like the homes of medicinal plants, trees, flowers and shrubs to preserve the environment.
Seven (7) tonnes of thah were prepared at the pond.
He said that now that they have set up adequate accommodation and restaurants, there have been tourists even from abroad who have come to visit.
For the newspaper to celebrate 60 years of public service, it is a great honor for the owners of the newspaper.
When we walked around Laitumkhrah along the main road, we saw that all the wine stores were closed, in Khyndailad, the wine stores near the road were closed, in Polo, in Motphran, many wine stores were closed.
The opening ceremony of the permanent campus was marked by a song by the students and teachers.
On this occasion, Bah Rojet and the group of Bah Banniewkor also performed some musical instruments as the opening ceremony of the training centre.
Earlier, it may be recalled that on the opening day of the District Council, on the 18th July 2013, u Bah Carmel, stood up on the table, to express his opposition to the division of constituencies. The intention is to abolish the Laitkroh Constituency.
“India will become the third highest income country by 2028 and a developed country by
I can't say anything yet.
When asked whether there are many critics to hold festivals, the Minister said that there are critics everywhere, but Meghalaya is also known as the Music Capital of the country.
The school authorities, after discovering the incident, suspected that the robbers had stolen T.6000 tyngka and damaged the property. Fr.Raphael Tham, 45, Secretary Managing Committee of the school, today informed and lodged a complaint with the police. to the police of Nongstoin Police Station.
Ma Thombor said that once the money is received, the salaries of the council employees and members will be paid for two to five months.
In a meeting held on Tuesday, residents of Damrang, Garopara, Rongchikona, Watre, Phalukmari and Dokolgre, met at Damrang Borjuli ME School to decide not to vote in Assam. “In 2021, many media outlets have announced that to resolve the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya, 8-9 villages will be taken under the border dispute.
“If the disease spreads quickly, we know that the government will impose a curfew, a total lockdown because there is nothing else, and we understand that the curfew and total lockdown will cause a lot of trouble. and the multitude did eat bread.
We cannot accept and will follow up until we get the full explanation to find out why the Ministry of Health has thrown the drugs into Marten.
“It is unbelievable that the drugs were transported from the godown, and no one knows who transported them.
Shillong: U Deputy CEM, Bah PN Syiem, who also holds the Elaka department in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), on Tuesday said that the Council will strengthen the Hima laws so that the Rangbah Shnongs will have the power to control the related to housing in their communities.
This story may not be true or it may be just a myth but what we are witnessing now is that we are indeed a people who still give birth to women like other Minangkabau people who Indonesia, Akan in Ghana, Bamenda in Cameroon, Batek in Malaysia, Bontoc in the Philippines, Bayowa in Papua New Guinea, Bribri in Costa Rica, Hopi in the USA, Karen in Burma, Kuna in Panama, Mosuo from China, Navajo from the USA, Alor from Indonesia, Kerinci from Indonesia and others.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister expressed his gratitude to the athletes who have performed well and won medals at the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 and blessed them. that they will be able to play better in the upcoming games.
The Environmental Impact Assessment of the Project has also been posted on the Board's website – www.megspcb.
They also cleansed the house of the jutang and drank the water from the cup of oath.
However, another threat has emerged from the garbage dump in Shillong and this threat is from the garbage dumped from hospitals.
The asteroid 2018VP1, with a diameter of 0.002 km (or 6.5 feet), is expected to fall near Earth on November 2, 2020, according to CNN. NASA believes that the fall of the celestial body will not affect the Earth.
“We don't want a changed ILP but we want the original ILP of the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation 1873,” he said.
The deceased was identified as Rasid Ali, 18, and the injured was identified as Subham Das,
Shillong, July 28: Mylliem Village has received more than T.1 crore from the Water Resources Department for the purpose of flood prevention in Mylliem area and the work on this will start soon.
In a statement, Anup Chetia called on all the people of the North East to unite to stand against the bill and to be ready to defend themselves.
On this occasion, there was also an honoring ceremony for the youths of Nongnah and Keniong who have brought fame and glory to the village and the district. Greatmercy Langte, who won the Spark Mrs Northeast India 2023 competition held recently in Guwahati, won the title of Mrs Northeast India Brand Ambassador.
The senior Congress MDC said that the current EC has not been able to fill the post of Deputy Chairman since the resignation of the SPDP MDC from Sohryngkham, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem in April last year.
Besides, two other MeECL employees have been arrested on charges of involvement in turning off the electricity in Rymbai before the robbers set fire to the house of the former Waheh Shnong.
“He pretends to be our CEO and will do whatever he wants with us but at NEHU he cannot do that.
Shillong, July 20: The state government is closely monitoring the political situation in the KHADC as it is now and said that if the crisis does not end, it may reach the end of the day. You can also appoint an Administrator, according to the news.
“I was misled into giving NoC’, he said.
“There is nothing wrong with you.
The Minister also informed that he has visited Orchid Resort, Mawkasiang and other places that need to be improved and together with the Tourism Officers, we will bring some important new projects in this area. you project," he said.
On this occasion, Certificates and Start-up Tools were distributed to all the 48 trainees.
Shillong, Naitung 23 : Has anyone taken advantage of the peace talks or has the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) demanded money from the rich and wealthy traders in the state? In the past few days, many wealthy people in Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills have allegedly received letters demanding money in the name of the HNLC. The peace talks between the HNLC, the central government and the state government are ongoing.
Referring to the swearing-in ceremony of the MDA-2 government, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said, “This is a pride for the state. "It's the first time that the Prime Minister has come to take part in the inauguration of the Cabinet in the MDA-2 government.
According to the stories of the ancestors, the Diengdoh clan originated and inherited from Iaw Shibdi in War Jaintia.
The Acting Syiem, Bah Bryllyen Henry Syiemiong, also read out the notice to the Hima Langrin that the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has temporarily suspended the activities of Nongtei Sing Syiemiong as the Hima Langrin. The Syiem of the Hima Langrin in accordance with the powers conferred by Section 7 of the Act,
L.Marthong, MCS, EAC (El), South West Khasi Hills District also gave a welcome speech and welcome speech from W. Biam, MCS, South West Khasi Hills District. Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, June 21: The Institute of Bioresources and Sustainable Development (IBSD) in Upper Shillong, Meghalaya today welcomed the students and teachers of St. Edmund's College. to visit the laboratory of this place.
“In this area we can build many things, such as resorts and other entertainment venues or even underwater sports facilities including boats.
Earlier, the Court had criticized the shortcomings found in the health department in the state and later found shortcomings in the department and filed a public interest litigation (PIL) in the state. bench division.
In a response to Reuters, Maruti Suzuki said it had 18,845 temporary employees who retired on July 30, down 6 percent or 1,181 from last year.
They were handed over to Pynursla Police Station for further investigation.
Deputy Chairman of KHADC Pyniaid Sing Syiem, followed by Teilinia Thangkhiew, Latiplang Kharkongor, Hopingstone Lyngdoh and last speech were delivered by Ardent M. Get wet.
Sharan Setty is an Associate Editor at Swarajya.
Nagaland lost 109 runs for 109 runs, but Meghalaya lost 53 runs in the second tied innings, which Nagaland completed. I tied for the loss of 3 wickets.
There are about nine suppliers of soap in the state and he sells only in the market area.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, today said that from 4th June 2020, the state government has allowed 25% per day of vehicles to operate in other districts, but in Shillong and other places. that the khapsor shall not allow the cars to drive.
The reason for the publication of this article is that the first Dorbar of 2020 according to Rule 36 (3) should be held at the beginning of March 2020, therefore, February 2020 is the month in which the Executive Committee will meet. The Khasi Social Custom Administration Bill, 2018 should be sent back to the Governor for approval. after the District Council has been able to clarify the nine issues that the Governor has sent in his Message to the KHADC since 2019; Therefore, in this Dorbar in March 2020, this task and others should be completed.
Through the Ejahar, Amit Sinha also revealed how the News Channel from Assam and Hiran Ali have accused him of illegal collection of money from vehicles. Through the Shillong By-pass, at the time of the arrest of these buses carrying Kwai Supari, Amit Sinha was not found at the place, because from 1st July to He was working at the office of the Superintendent of Police Ri Bhoi on the 24th of July, while the incident happened on the 4th of July.
The ceremony witnessed the influx of tourists from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills, cultural collectors, and tourists from home and abroad as well.
In the men's doubles, Neal Skupski of England and Wesley Koolhof of Argentina were defeated by their opponents; Maximo Gonzalez  & Andres Molteni; Gonzalez & Molteni won 4-6 7-6 (10-8) 10-4 to win their third victory of the year after their victories in Cordoba & Rio de Janeiro. Janeiro.
He said that the MCS is the budlum of the government to take full responsibility to run its affairs without any discrimination.
Others who attended the event were Laura Khongsit, Nauna Warjri, Program Manager, O. Lyngdoh and B. Pariat, Program Manager, Civil Engineers, Village Authorities, Self Help Groups from various villages and others.
The US President recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel in November 2017, sparking international outrage, especially among the Palestinians, who strongly opposed the decision. in America.
“At school, in college, he always played chess, whether it was in football, hockey, sports and whatever he touched, it was the best and for me, whatever he touched, “It's golden and I'm sure it's because of my choice that I've chosen the best person and I'm very happy that I got him,” said Gauri. salad samples.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Village Administration Bill (VAB) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been approved by the Ministry of Home Affairs. they must be corrected.
Up to 40-50% of these students who have completed Class XII have not registered for the CUET examination this year.
Many foreigners have come to Patharkhmah Market, Sonidan, Nongpoh and other places, and the Council needs to come and conduct the inspection because they have not received permission or trading. license from the Council, he said.
However, what the people had never expected before being transferred to Assam, has now happened and that is that the people from the border villages, which before the border demarcation between Meghalaya and Assam, have fallen into Meghalaya. now in Assam, they have begun to be harassed by the Assam authorities.
“We will inform the Superintendents of Police and DG regarding the need to strengthen and increase the number of security forces and to conduct patrols to ensure that the residents will receive safety and security in case of emergency. However, Sangma said it would not be right for him to take over without first considering all the facts.
The training camp was inaugurated on Saturday at Umbang Sumer in the presence of Umsning MLA Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh and office bearers of the training camp.
It was observed that women who leave their children behind them have to lymbub other people just to avoid these street vendors.
Speaking to media, Bah Sadon Blah, President of the HNYF, said that the HNYF requests the residents of the state to raise these issues. year in the case of each voter.
They were received in Guwahati by a team sent by the State Government to ensure the welfare of those who returned to their home State.
These two organizations request the government to do the same to the people of the villages and not to discriminate against them. However, the foreign market is still running smoothly.
Shillong: Three months before the mid-term elections, the Waheh Shnong, Bah Markos Marthong, has donated copies, books and other necessities to the school. The Static Surveillance Team together with the police and district authorities have seized T.4 lakh in Ampati constituency on Saturday. of the month from Garobadha village, South West Garo Hills.
It was founded by MS Golwalkar and SS Apte in collaboration with Swami Chinmayananda.
The search has been going on since yesterday amidst heavy rain.
“The state government has brought this tournament to the state as part of the celebration of the 50th anniversary of the state's independence.
Mr. Process should not worry ei ei, because that Art 244 which he said, does not exist with us, so where does the fear of removal come from when it does not exist with us?      Art 244 (2) should not be repealed or amended, because under this article Schedule 6 or Sixth Schedule has been inserted, which has been with us since the beginning of the Government of India.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 05: Together with the rest of India, the Teacher's Day 2022 has been celebrated by the District School Education Officer, Mawkyrwat. to hold a special program at the Multipurpose Hall, Deputy Commissioner's Office, Mawkyrwat where Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Chief Minister of Mawkyrwat Constituency and Minister of State Government was the chief guest.
He said that their physical appearance is very different from that of the Punjab players, but their skills and determination have brought them victory.
In the past few days, the residents who wanted to deliver their agricultural products to Dawki, have not been able to deliver directly to the market, but for a while they have had to set up a station at this place. They loaded them into vehicles that left the villages, they had to drop them at that place and then load them into another vehicle, in order to deliver to the market and this has affected the people and especially when it comes to cost of living.
“This will be the first time that Tura will be able to host such a tournament with all the Olympic sports, and as one of the athletes I have no doubt that the residents of Tura will be happy with to join hands in the smooth running of the tournament, especially when the organization of such a tournament has brought about growth in the construction of many stadiums or venues, which encourage the young men.
He said that this will be held in collaboration with the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs and is currently under preparation.
Regarding the coke factories which do not have proper documents, the Minister has directed the Superintendent of Police to ensure that they import coal from the coke factories. beain, shall not be allowed to work in the state.
In the annual budget for the development of the state, the MLAs in the government spend very little for agriculture and the MLAs do not advocate for the farmers to survive. .
However, the UDP and NPP cannot be counted as they are also strong in many constituencies.
Therefore, in order for the State to reach the pinnacle of victory and development, we have to ensure that we have produced intelligent citizens so that they can contribute to the development of the State,” he said. u Conrad while expressing the goal of the State to become one of the top 10 States in the country.
Although the stories about Delilah and the picture we draw of her are valuable, I would argue that Delilah was a permanent resident of Canaan and took part in the violence and violence. among different nations and also took part in the struggle of the Mosaic Community to rebuild itself.
He said it is very sad that the government has not been able to take measures to protect the nation by implementing strong laws.
“According to our manifesto, there has been an issue expressed on our opposition to the NEDA,” he said. Hindutva as a foundation.
It is one of the main activities under the AyushmanBhavah campaign which was launched with the aim of ensuring that everyone benefits from the health schemes of the Government of India.
It is understood that there has been a heated contest between the UDP MLAs for the post of Minister and those who have appeared for the contest are Mawthadraishan MLA H Brolding Nongsiej, Mokaiaw MLA Nujorki Sungoh and SK. Sunn, Mawphlang MLA, who joined the UDP after winning the election.
After being informed, police came to take the body and took it to Jowai Civil Hospital Ialong for post mortem.
Shillong, Nailur, 21: The entry fee for the Fishing Tournament will now be subject to GST under the Central/Meghalaya Goods and Services Tax Act, Taxation Minister AT Mondal said in reply to a question in the Legislative Assembly on Friday.
Is this the right treatment of the people,” said NPP candidate Conrad K Sangma while campaigning in Rangsakona and Ampati today.
For example, in our lives today, we have heard and seen the greatness of Russia and its collapse in 1991, as well as the foreign country. it shall be a land of great kingdoms, where the sun shall not set.
This will also be a great honor for the state to show to the Indian world that from this place too there have been freedom fighters against the foreign rulers since before India fought for independence.
The VPP in a statement from its General Secretary Dr Batskhem Marboh, said that the announcement of the cleanliness drive on Sunday is against the faith of Christians and urged all the people to believers in the state to refrain from war, on this call to hold a cleanliness drive on Sunday.
Kishore was arrested by the police from Tura today.
The persecution of thousands of children from the state has been widespread since the British rule and continues today, but the people of the state still respect India as their own country, even without can significantly improve society compared to the states of India.
Shillong: The Chief Secretary of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC), Abhishek Banerjee, has slammed the General Secretary of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Abhishek Banerjee. He went back to Shillong to get training on how to speak.
The state is surrounded by lush and green forests and through them, the streams are flowed which are sweet and sweet to drink.
Shillong: The Integrated Territorial Organization (KSU) has strongly condemned the letter received by the KSU on 14th November 2021 stating that there is a conflict between the Sponsored Agency and the Government through the Police Department. The HITO has expressed its anger after receiving information that there is such an evil intention. beyond the State Government to intimidate the youth who are determined to work for the cause of the country and the nation.
They also demanded 5000 tyngka for the release of the abducted man.
He said that the KHADC will soon introduce the Khasi Hills Village Administration Bill, which is the same as the rules of procedure of the Bill that the government intends to introduce. The Government said that the bill should not cause differences and affect the identity and culture of the people.
“We have decided that as a political party, we will do our utmost to help and ensure that peace will return and also to help the people in all the difficulties they face.
On the rumors on social media that there will be a curfew, the Prime Minister said that the rumors are false and untrue, and the government has already clarified that there will be no curfew. .
Emboklang Jat defeated Riburom Jat in the final of the singles category, while in the doubles, Emboklang Jat and Riburom Jat won the title by defeating Kamniwan Pakyntien and Ebormi. Go.
Any residents, societies, self help groups (SHGs) in the district who wish to become Fair Price Shop Dealers for the year 2022 can submit their applications at the Office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) , East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat.
When inquired whether the MLA from the constituency, Bah HM Shangpliang has applied for the ticket from the UDP, the UDP leaders could not comment but said that the party itself is still I don't know what to do with Bah Suin.
South West Khasi Hills SP Debangshu Sangma said the owner of the park along with the manager Sadarwell Iawphniaw have been arrested for further investigation.
The college would also like to express its gratitude to Mrs. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Mrs. AA Enterprise, Mrs. D. Wartde for their willingness to contribute to the preparation of the group.
The union has also met with the Deputy CEM Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem to demand that he should not approve and allow such beneficiaries to sell the land.
On the other hand, the neighboring residents of the area said that there was a man or a tire maker in the shop but he was not there because he went home. friends.
He said that the drugs and the vehicle were seized by the police and the driver was arrested for further investigation to find out more drug traffickers involved in the smuggling. you have a drug.
Ezekiel 39:9-10.
The incident has shocked the world over the beating of Chris Rock, who was the speaker at the Oscars.
Other parties like the Congress, Samajwadi Party and others have also turned away.
The date and venue will be announced later and the AIFF expects this year's Santosh Trophy to be different and surprising from all 82 years.
Police have registered a case under Section 97(09) of the NDPS Act against the suspects. Police have registered a case under the NDPS Act. involved.
According to a statement issued by Pastor B.Suting, the people of the area congratulate and encourage the selected schools to bring glory to the area and the Block as a whole. .
Shillong, June 06 : The Chief Minister of Assam and Leader of the BJP in Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma on Tuesday said that the party has set a target to win more MLAs in Meghalaya in the upcoming elections. MLA elections will be held in
Speaking to media, Shembhalang said, “I have been in the BJP since 2017 and the BJP will not nominate a candidate for this election. to contest this election as an independent candidate to take responsibility for the development of this area because it has been 30 years since the constituency has received any development work in our area”.
And as it is now, we have seen that the Assam government has dared to cross the border to Psiar and Khatkasla, and even to Wah Myntang they are still willing to come.
The Prime Minister also visited many places where the injection has been conducted and talked to those who have been injected, not to be afraid and doubt.
Initially, the body of the child was found by the children of the village who had covered the body of the child after the ksew had taken the child to the nearby forest.
Jowai, June 7: Employees of the Jowai Municipal Board from staff to drivers and cleaners of garbage from Iawmusiang have gone on strike for not receiving their salaries for eight months.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, said that two persons were traveling in the same bus from Rajasthan. and he was sick.
Nongstoiñ, July 30: Almost all the villages in West Khasi Hills have residents who own hunting rifles and have licenses from the government.
According to the latest BWF Rankings, the country's stars in the men's doubles; Satwiksairaj Rankireddy and Chirag Shetty, have now reached the highest rank in the world and have been ranked fourth in the world through the new ranking.
He said that after finding that many of the shops cannot provide the documents, they have given 15 days to provide the documents and if they cannot, the district council will Close all shops that do not have permits.
The blood donation was led by the President of RBDCA, Bah Rayonald Kharkamni along with 40 other office bearers and members of the organization.
Furthermore, the union urges the Rangbah Shnongs of Bri U Hynniewtrep to be thoughtful if there is any intention of the government to proceed with this registration, so that it can prevent the access. Shillong, June 23: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Adelbert Nongrum today invited the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum. The Council has allocated T.15.40 crore for the period from 1st June to 30th July this year.
Pari Barman said that the case has been dismissed and the court has ordered the Central Government to pay a compensation of T.20 lakh to the families. longsem of these five youths who were killed.
On the other hand, due to the negligence of the Government, we cannot refuse to take other measures to ensure the cleanliness of the employment.
Before the start of the Public Hearing, several people came to express their opposition to the proposal of the MCL. against a Public Hearing under the chairmanship of one person.
Thirteen schools from different blocks of East Khasi Hills District participated.
He said that this action of the STA has upset the owners of commercial vehicles, drivers because every time they go they get the answer that there is no secretary and they cannot do anything.
The Prime Minister of India has phoned to congratulate the Prime Minister of Bangladesh on her victory in the Assembly elections of Bangladesh. Bangladesh has held a successful election.
He said, “Our education system focuses on passing exams, but we forget to recognize and use the natural talents that our young people already have, and to prepare them for their future.
Whip – Borsympat or a member of the Legislative Assembly elected by the people of his or her constituency to serve in the State Legislative Assembly and immediately afterwards elected any member who has the power to sympathize with him or her. members of the ruling or opposition party in relation to any act that violates the provisions of the Constitution or the laws of the Legislative Assembly or even personal acts that are immoral before the Legislative Assembly thawaiñ is not in the longbriew man.
Therefore, I appeal to the KSU youth to look after all the needs of the community for the benefit of the people.
Hallmark : The snapshot is a snapshot of your work.
However, there is a backlog in the Reservation Policy, which does not carry the reservation for the next recruitment year, but it ends there, if you cannot fill the reservation. .
At the same time, he said that the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma should implement the ILP and not the Tenancy Act which the Sengbhalang does not demand.
They should be an inspiration to other mothers in their area and across the country.
“There are schools which do not pass well but they get all the benefits like others and this will encourage them to do better,” said Bah Nongsiang.
And if you're short, you're plugged in.
The selection team will travel across the state and enter various C&RD Block to search for about 10,000 children.
AMLAREM: BSF troops of Muktapur BOP have seized 20 cows from Muktapur, today.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong on Friday said that the officers in charge of the construction of the Inter State Bus Terminal (ISBT) at Mawlai Mawiong should receive the strain.
The cost of construction of this road has reached T.58,58,300 which was funded by MEGHA LAMP in collaboration with MGNREGA. VEC Ratacherra who took the initiative to take forward the construction of this road to bring development works in the rural areas and to fulfill this aspiration of the people.
Shillong, March 29: Four candidates have applied for tickets from the HSPDP in Shillong, March 29: Four candidates have applied for tickets from Shillong. The Nongstoiñ Area Unit today took the final decision to issue a ticket to the driver of Maieid Hoping.
Niawki Phawa 27' and Wanbait Suchiang 30' scored the second goal for Kseh Sylle Ialong.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Shad Suk Myn Siem of the Seng Khasi Nongmynsong today at the Urkaliar Shad Ground, was a successful one with the participation of hundreds of male and female dancers. .
Besides going to schools, they also seek other skills in various fields such as computer, telecommunications, hotel jobs, as well as online jobs.
NGOs must be registered under the Registration of Societies Act, 1860 for three years or other State Acts and must have their own constitution.
In the second half, Pynshailang Kharbani scored two goals for Nongkolew SC (55 & 70+5 minutes).
Shillong, July 11: Two families in two villages have lost their loved ones at a time when a dark cloud has covered them. They don't think about it because of the natural disaster.
Several students who were drinking in uniform were taken by police by bus to Shillong Civil Hospital.
However, today, NPP Nongpoh Youth Convenor Minsing Makri, Stoinly Roy Syngkli, Working President of Nongpoh Block and Pyndaplang Wahlang, NPP Youth Convener of Ri Bhoi District, attended the ceremony. He said that the appearance of these three NPP leaders along with their followers, has nothing to do with the party, but their appearance is probably because they have the they are not personal.
The Smart Village Movement in collaboration with Clearbot from Bangalore, with the authorization of the government, today conducted a demonstration of the garbage truck brought by the company. it can take to operate it to clean up the waste.
Shillong, Lber 23 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that they expect to complete the Shillong Medical College in Public-Private Partnership (PPP) mode this year.
The program was conducted by the Organizing Secretary of the party.
“The government should not ignore this demand of the VPP because if anything happens to Bah Ardent I see that the protest will continue and the protest will not be stopped by the government. Bah Ardent's protest has received full support not only from the parents but also from the students. If the government is wrong, it will fall. take responsibility if such a thing happens," said a college teacher who did not want to be named.
The KSU has also sent a letter to Prakash Javadekar, Minister of Environment, Government of India, demanding that another law should be passed after the outbreak of the disease in the country.
Although these Bills are yet to become laws, the introduction of them by this Rangbah shows his love for the Jaidbynriew and his efforts to bring about ways and means to address the challenges facing the Jaidbynriew. .
The palace in Jaintiapur is the palace of the ancient King of Jaintia.
The Council said that allowing people who have been living for 11 years to become citizens is a great threat to the people of Meghalaya.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with DC East Khasi Hills, Bah BV Rymmai, Secretary of the Dorbar, said that the Hima wants the cooperation of the Hima to install the gate. to ensure that visitors must register and provide a certificate of vaccination or a certificate of negative test.
Shillong, March 11: Due to the lack of funds, the Special Rural Work Program (SRWP) has been implemented by various Community and Rural Development (C&RD) departments. loss and waste of up to T.1.11 crore of public money.
The turnout is expected to be higher than the MP election in 2019 which was 71.42% while this time it has reached 72.33% as of 7 pm. .
There should also be an SOP prepared for the purchase, acquisition and record keeping of these vehicles.
Tip don't do anything wrong.
In the letter, they said that the State Government should first explain to the public about the Covid-19 vaccine.
Therefore, the farmer urged the leaders to talk to the government about the drop in the price of agricultural products, where the farmers in the area used to grow, whether it was From the Niamtra, Synsar and Lakait seeds, the farmers have sold them to the market at a low price.
Meanwhile, East Garo Hills, East Khasi Hills and West Khasi Hills districts received the highest rainfall, while Jaintia Hills, Ri Bhoi and South Garo Hills received the lowest rainfall.
The work related to the road will be taken care of by the government".
After the visit, there was a sacrament service and a sermon on the Word of God by Rev. Augustine Lamin, Spiritual Director of the Union.
Bah RM ShabongWat although the groups of the Hynniewtrep people are in conflict in many ways these days, there is hope that they will not forget the issues that are at the forefront of the people in these days. If so, it is clear that they are no different from the political parties of Congress, UDP, NPP and others. However, they have demanded the same issue before the Government of India in these days.
“We open the door for dialogue and discussion and we request them to continue with the peace talks,” said MR.U Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. Once again, the government is ready to discuss the issue of the Meghalaya Lokayukta.
Figs.
Besides the ILP, the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Constitution of India is still pending despite the fact that the Khasi and Garo languages ​​have been entitled to the ILP. equal recognition with other languages ​​in India.
The Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang, who was the Chief Guest, also delivered a speech at the meeting.
His children should not receive any more shares from the RP, unless Mr X dies suddenly or divorces his wife meaning he marries someone else.
There was a message saying, 'Hey bhai, I have to pay or I'll cut it.
Other tourist attractions such as Wah Mawdait, Mot Juda, the places on the top of the hills overlooking Bangladesh and the other tourist attractions were also opened. many other villages in the Ri-War area are located below this village.
Speaking to the SDO, he promised to take immediate action by visiting the request in the coming days and months.
"OH! you have changed your mind,” said the mother.
Therefore, the Chief Executive Members would like to suggest to the Government that it is necessary to create opportunities and it is urgently necessary for the State Government to pass an Act to strengthen these customs and traditions. to amend the Indian Registration Act 1971, and to amend the Indian Registration Act 1908, so that all law enforcement agencies respect and implement the existing customs and traditions to which they are entitled. NOC from the Hima/Elaka offices before applying for a certificate from the District Registrar, Government.
He said that regarding the dispute between Mawlongbna and Thyllaw, they are due to land disputes and there is a dispute over the ownership of land. “The police cannot fight against criminals, except if there are crimes that disrupt the peace and order in the society, and if there are those who “If we get a complaint, we will arrest the person,” said Bah Ian O Swer, while talking to reporters in Mawlongbna.
According to a statement sent by Marcony Thongni, one of the leaders of the party, the public meeting will be held on three issues that affect the future of the area.
The Dorbar Shnong Laban would like to inform the public that the Dorbar Shnong will hold a cleanliness drive on the 16th November, 2023 from 8 am to 12 noon.
On this occasion, the farmers who opposed the opening of the power plant, held a flag raising ceremony when Dr. Mukul Sangma and other senior officials of the state government arrived at the power plant. However, it ended only in the flag raising ceremony and there was no disturbance during the meeting and opening ceremony of the power plant.
Nongpoh: U Anthony Syiem, a mixed martial arts (MMA) fighter, together with Bah Cores Marwein, who is a coach, today were welcomed at Byrnihat and Nongpoh, for their achievements in the 2013 FIFA World Cup. Matrix Fight Night was held recently in Dubai.
The incident occurred when the popular band Picnic was performing in the room, which can accommodate 6,000 people.
In another relief operation, members led by Sub-Inspector Y.Challam rushed to Tpeppale village after receiving a tip that a tree had fallen on the electrical signs. to the passengers.
These two hubs are located in urban areas and youth, women and farmers cannot benefit from them due to distance, high cost and other household reasons.
Now the Khasi chiefs had to enter into a social agreement with the Dominion of India through the Instrument of Accession and Standstill Agreement.
In the first match which was played at 3:30 pm, Mawpdang SC vs Pynthorbah SC, the match ended with Mawpdang winning by 2 goals.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The MLA of Nongthymmai constituency, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, on Tuesday said that the government should be ashamed when teachers have to take to the streets to demand their rights. sit in the classroom.
Speaking on the Government of India's initiative to supply COVID-19 vaccines to other countries, the Prime Minister said that under the Vaccine Maitri initiative, India has supplied 300 million doses of vaccines to more than 100 hospitals. countries, including many southern countries.
The lack of true leaders has caused the residents of the constituency to face many problems. It is on this basis that I am a responsible person to come forward to contest the MLA Election 2023 with the an adult soul without any pressure.
I also urge the Student's Union and NGO's to fight hard to advocate and bring about true rights in this Policy.
“We demand that the Government of Conrad Sangma should take responsibility to punish the police who have abused their power by firing tear gas at teachers and their children. I am in front of the Secretariat today,” he said.
On the same day, the Kur Lyngkhoi Seng Kmie has authorized various district units of the state to hold Kur meetings in the Hynniewtrep area in order to get closer to all the Kur Lyngkhoi.
