Shillong, July 02 : U Sohra MLA, Bah Gavin Mylliem on Tuesday said that the HNLC's allegation against him on the MCCL is groundless especially in relation to the He said that the state government has decided to close down the dewbilat factory and provide VRS to the workers.
On the other hand, the schools in Mawlai area are the Church of God Higher Secondary School and Mawlai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School.
PBO Warjri, Additional Chief Secretary, said that the government is very concerned about the law and order situation and therefore directed the heads of various government departments, to direct their employees, that they may go unto their own works.
To leave this issue to the government alone will not be good and will not bring any result.
SGH had to tied first after WJH failed to bat first. SGH managed to score 197 runs for the loss of six wickets in 20 overs. Magdaline M Sangma scored 37 runs without losing a wicket until the end of the innings.
The 14-year-old girls were able to participate and compete in the tournament with India's famous athlete, Ashalata Devi.
For this reason, the meeting was postponed without the arrival of the candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh who was supposed to attend the meeting.
Others have been found in the Dorengkigre forests in many places.
At the same time, the state government is ready to punish those officers who have been accused in the HLSC report. (CJI) on this case because we don't agree with the report issued by the HLSC,” said Agnes. She said that the party wants all those involved in the corruption including Ampareen Lyngdoh. At that time, the Minister of Education and other politicians should be punished.
The children have shown their new talents from singing, dancing, dancing and joyfulness, all of which have been played in one voice and that is a wake-up call for the children. preserve and keep alive their traditional religion.
Ms Ampareen has received complaints from farmers and vendors that there are 'langïong' goats in Ïewduh.
Gabriel, who has been singing since childhood, has participated in many competitions across the country such as Nalari Rympei, Gospel Singing Competition, Sur Sargam and Northeast Idol. , Saregamapa, Northeast Got Telent, Sur (Season 2) and Indian Idol.
The department is implementing two programs of the Central Government – ​​the Swachh Bharat Mission Rural (SBM-G) and the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM).
That's what we're prepared for and we'll see what the Government do," he said.
Nominated MDC Octomewot Lamin, President James Sutnga, Additional Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills PK Boro, DSO West Jaintia Hills Ma Khroobok Passah, leaders and members of WJDSA including Working President EMH were present. Passah, General Secretary Lammat OO Laloo and others.
Careful consideration should be given before making a decision whether it affects the rights of the citizens of the State.
Try it at first and when you see that the results are good, you can continue using soybean sprouts on the skin.
The time is coming when people will worship the Father (God) neither on this mountain in Samaria nor in the Temple in Jerusalem.
This happened in many parts of West Jaintia Hills District, from Jowai to Pynthor Nein and Pynthor Wah near Wah Myntdu, Litang and also farmland in Ialong. near the Myntdu River and other villages like Shangpung and surrounding villages.
“We don't need to study 24 hours a day for 7 days, we just need to understand how to read and read tests,” said Bhattacharjee.
The Vice Chancellor had to sign the complaint submitted to him by the students.
Shillong, Lber 18: The murder of a young woman at Sawmer Shiteng, Upper Shillong in Par Maw area has shocked the residents of Upper Shillong.
It doesn't matter whether we as citizens believe or not but we all have the right to information that we may not be able to get from public platforms such as the media.
In the plate group, Manipur are the top team with four wins from five matches and one draw.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Paul Lyngdoh who urged the people not to change because the time is near but they should continue to win and win Bah Pius. Other political parties are fighting to win the votes of the UDP because they know that the party candidate, Bah Pius Marwein, although he is still young in politics, he is strong in terms of votes. .
Air conditioning is prohibited and places should be kept at a distance of up to two meters from each other.
However, Social Science II (Geography and Economics) has introduced a system of asking questions that is completely different from the existing system.
On the other hand, the leaders of HITO strongly condemned the attack on a member of the HITO, saying that as members of the community who work for the welfare of the youth, On the other hand, there are our brothers and sisters who have changed their minds, but they take another point of view and accuse those who have fought for the cause of the nation. turn only kñia but.
“I really liked Riia and her family.
Twelve senior Russian military officials have also been killed in the fighting in Ukraine.
We don't have to blame anyone because it's a decision that has been made by the people.
In 1978, he contested for the post of MDC from Jowai on the ticket of the HSPDP and won.
Shillong: There have been 57 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today, bringing the total number of cases undergoing treatment in the state to 2,0
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 02: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has announced more protest programs after the 10th of this month regarding the demand for the amendment of the Reservation Policy and the implementation of the Roster. System.
Speaking to media, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong said, “The Government has directed the Revenue Department to amend some of the provisions of the Act to provide financial assistance. to the refugees, so that the assistance can be increased to 5 households in Mukroh.
The HYC requests the District Administration and Leaders to expedite the delivery of relief goods to the refugees to avoid any problems.
This was indeed a crime to bring about political division.
Only two districts have confirmed cases including East Khasi Hills with 7 cases and Ri-Bhoi District with 2 cases.
Shah said we must move forward with the determination to achieve Narendra Modi's vision of making every poor person rich through cooperation before
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Tuesday laid the foundation stone for the construction of a Dairy Complex at Mukhla Village in West Jaintia Hills in the presence of MLA Bah Wailad. Shylla.
“This behavior of the police has affected the students especially during the mid-year examination, since the arrival of the SP, there is no peace and order in Ri-Bhoi,” said Bah. Donkupar Sumer demanded that the police should immediately stop the search and arrest of KSU leaders and members.
We demand an immediate end to the bloodshed which has destroyed lives, income, homes and caused a lot of suffering among the residents,” said the various groups.
The youth was first arrested by the VDPs and the village authorities after they suspected that he might be a drug dealer. you don't have drugs in Nongstoin.
Abdullah has been under detention at his home on Gupkar Road in Srinagar since the first month of April, when Article 370 was abolished.
Today will be the final match of the Group Stage.
Jowai, Jymmang 15: The TMC candidate from 2-Jowai Constituency, Awhai Andrew Shullai, in his speech at the election campaign held at Iawmusiang Stand Ummulong, on Tuesday said that the trade in property has increased. This is due to the rule of the government in the presence of those High Level who have benefited from the coal and the money that should have reached the people such as in the markets in hat has been cleaned.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: Sohra MLA Titostarwell Chyne today met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek to provide for the medical facilities of the PHCs and CHCs in Sohra. Sohra constituency.
The Revenue Department of the State Government wants the shooters to end the shooting in Polo and to go to Laitlyngkot and join the Hynniewtrep. Indigenous Archery Organizers Institute (HIAOI).
According to the register, those who attended the meeting included pastors, elders, Seng Khasi leaders and various office bearers.
The final will be played at the First Ground of the SSA Stadium, Polo, Shillong.
You can buy a ticket for insurance in Purnea.
Recently, the teachers met with the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui but the talks were not successful.
Along with the aircraft, buses have also been provided to bring 60 children and students of the state.
":On 24th October, the State Government has set up three Regional Committees to examine the status of the remaining seven areas in the demarcation process and to send their reports to the 45 days.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Rapsang said that in fact, there was no law in the Hima before 2005 prohibiting the participation of ministers in politics. The Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHASI) was passed in
:The National Hynniewtrep People Federation (NHPF) on 10th November 2022, has confirmed a new unit in Delhi. The meeting was held at Meghalaya House, New Delhi.
They went to the Mawlai taxi rank and suddenly the taxi was full of passengers.
KHADC CEM Titosstarwell Chyne said that the Rangbah Shnongs of at least 50 villages have taken steps to monitor those who come from abroad, including those who come to do business.
Considerwel Shadap Manner General Secretary Seinraij Shangpung, on this occasion, the children of Shangpung Elaka held a program to honor the Pa Dolloi. Youngsters of the area in bright costumes took part in the dance and song.
Also present on the occasion were Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma, Shillong MP Vincent H Pala, Government Ministers, Bishops, Fathers and Sisters. and the public.
The meeting was opened by Dr. Ananya S. Guha, one of the prominent writers of the region.
Surprisingly, many of the coal trucks belong to relatives or those who have close ties with the people in power," said the MJAC. The MJAC has requested the Chief Secretary and sent a copy to the Chief Minister, the Symbud Myntri of Police and the Director General of Police. .
To protect and protect by law the forests, hills, rivers, fields, Ri Raij, village or forest laws and sacred laws for the purpose of sharing and living together from generation to generation .
The Committee will review the State Reservation Policy by taking the views of all stakeholders and also by visiting all parts of the State.
Ryntih opened the scoring in the 20th minute through Wilbert Marbaniang.
He said the party requests all Christians in the state to boycott this program and not to take part in the cleanliness drive on that day.
Earlier, Dr Don said that if the government does not pay the distributors, it will lead them to steal the rice.
Shillong, Naitung 17 : The HNLC, KSU, HNYF, FKJGP, HYC, HITO and others have commemorated the 188th death anniversary of Tirot Sing Syiem. He was willing to fight against the British troops until his death as an unsurrendered King in Dhaka prison on 17th November
Many of the residents will be able to walk easily after the completion of this work which will take only two months.
As the session was held from 16.7.1949 to 20.7.1949, and could not be resolved, the Chairman Dr. Homiwell Lyngdoh decided to vote.
Matthew 24:15-21.
Government officers, especially the intelligent IAS officers who have been selected from tens of lakhs of examinees, cannot mislead these intellectuals and lawyers.
He recalled that when he was an MLA, when the people came to ask for medicine, school fees, hospital fees, fertilizers, he used to give them because it was not from his own country but he received help. shiphew lakh per annum from the government to help the people.
There will also be a prize giving ceremony for the winners of the marathon.
Reporters asked Bah Hek why Meghalaya cannot produce fish on its own even after the implementation of the State Aquaculture Mission since 2012, which was supposed to produce fish on its own. through the construction of fish ponds across the State.
Leaders of the Environment Coordination Committee (ECC), Sutnga District.
The residents of the village, said that since earlier, they have often gone to request the people in charge of the quarry, to pour water during the quarrying. , because it is a place near the village, to reduce the production of pum pum, but it is alleged that the owner of the village does not believe at all, which has caused the people inside the village to eat pum pum lynter Before closing down the quarry, Bah Marcus Marten, first talked to the residents of the village, to ask for help from the HNYF. After receiving information from the residents of the village, they went to inspect the quarry, but when they found out the fact that the production of the quarry, they led the union and They shall immediately shut down the quarry.
All four districts of Sikkim have scored between 83 and
If this decision of the Government comes into force immediately from the Academic Year-2024, it will be a loss to the booksellers who earn their living from this industry and the sale of books will be on time. starting school, it doesn't matter if they have already signed social agreements with schools or they just sell as usual.
The three-day Megha Kayak Fest will be held from 12th to 14th March at Umtham, Ri-Bhoi District.
“We have expressed our disagreement with the CEM's statement that the Sixth Schedule is based on the IOA & AA, because it is completely wrong,” said John. The &AA is the strongest because it opens the way for the Assembly of the Khasi States and prohibits the laws of India from entering and working at will, and in the Assembly of the Khasi States the leaders represent the Himas. , according to the boundaries of the Hima Khasi States, while in the Sixth Schedule MDCs have been appointed for the parties, so they cannot be equalized.
The next match of the Invitation Knockout Football Tournament organized by the NNSSCC will continue on the 4th November between Blue Bomber's and Blue Bomber's. Shillong beat KMC FC Siliguri.
no.8014236523, Roseanjeline M Kharsyntiew Mairang Ph.
This year, the list of farmers has been typed or printed by machine, while in the following year, from 2020 to 2021, there are about 1200 farmers who have been allocated. The price is 12000/- per farmer.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, EM in charge of Trade, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, said that in fact, at the recent ARPA meeting, all the UDP MDCs have expressed that they have nothing against the ARPA. Bah Ardent but they also said that they will take the matter to the Kmie.
The Commission also recommended that in urban areas where public places should not be patrolled at night, the Police said that night patrols depend on the type of work or the type of people who have to. do at night.
Why Bah Leaderson Amora, who passed only class-V, became an expert in speaking English is because of his determination to read.
These articles were received by 21 IIMs in India from 137 authors, 88 authors from IITs, 21 authors from NITs, 113 authors from B-schools in India. university writers, 28 industry writers and 37 international writers were welcomed to the SOM 2023 conference.
Several women in Tura took to the streets on Friday to chant “Ampareen Go Back” or “Ampareen Leit Phai Noh” to protest against the speech of the Minister of State regarding the demands of ACHIK and others to make Tura the capital of Meghalaya during the rainy season.
He urged the people to work together to overcome this problem.
Macmillan said the entry of leading leaders of various parties into the NPP is an opportunity to strengthen the party especially the entry of older people and Your thoughts will strengthen the party in Nongstoiñ.
He said that the EC will work with responsibility for the welfare of the people and through good deeds it will be an honor and carry the name of the Council.
The government's power outage of 8-9 hours a day has affected the work of the people from all over the country, but what is more affected is that even in Shillong the power outage has been severe. They didn't talk to the countryside, which got fire like a fire.
Jowai: Police in Dawki district through a special team known as the flying squad have seized 74,000 tyngka from a resident of Dawki today.
The HYC Riwar Mihngi Circle through its President Samla Donaldson Pyngrope, demanded that the authorities in charge of these companies should ensure that the network to the area should be adequate. The Additional Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills has ordered these companies to ensure that the network is adequate for the benefit of the residents of the area.
“As the Sengkur, we strongly condemn the robbers involved in the attack not only on this child but also on other women and children until it has caused fear to the parents and the community. .
“These visitors were welcomed by their fellow citizens, who are here in Shillong and their church groups,” said the DC. He said that the district administration has held a meeting with the leaders of these three ethnic groups and learned that there are only 77 people left in Shillong. they moved in with family members who knew some of them and stayed after getting confirmation from the police.
“To seh shim will be done from time to time.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Diren Klein and other leaders said that according to their information from the parents of the students who attend Sacred Heart Secondary School Marmaiñ, The Karbi Traditional Faith Association (KTAFA) has held a meeting on the 25th of this month at a place near Marmain in Assam. There was also the understanding that the statues of Jesus in front of the school should be removed and if not removed, they will go and destroy them.
Meanwhile, Russia has been strengthening its weapons on the Ukrainian border and videos posted on social media showed heavy fighting and reportedly Russia could invade Ukraine at any time if the West does not agree to the conditions it has set before them.
Manraj Singh and Rakshitha Sree S. are among the other players of the country in the junior category who have been included in the national team after the BAI. It has already conducted a four-day training camp for the first two tournaments of this year.
Dritam scored the first goal for Thun FC in the 35th minute while Pynshai Lathong scored the first goal for One Soul Utd (Pdengkarong) in the 85th minute.
Because to me I understand that all these things will happen whether war, disease, natural disasters and many other things in the world in the future as the Word of God has foretold.
Kevinstrong Lawriniang (E,S&T, SSc, HPE,Kh) with 576 marks, Wanteibok Pator (E,M, S&T,SSc,HPE,Kh) with 575marks, of Sawlyngdoh Higher Secondary School,Mowkaiaw, Ka Kashish Samee (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Ae) with 574 marks of St.Mary's Higher Secondary School,Shillong, U Mridumay Saha (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,H) with 574 marks from Sherwood School, Tura, and Iaphilarisa Khongbuh (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Kh) with 573 marks from Synod Higher Secondary School, Shillong, U Asif Zaman (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,As) got 572 marks from Jawaharlal Nehru Higher Secondary School,Phulbari, and Naki Kampher Rani (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Kh) got 571 marks from St.Margaret's Higher Secondary School,Shillong, by Priyanka Dey (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,H) with 570 marks by St.Margaret's Higher Secondary School,Shillong, by Laxita Agarwala (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,H ). SSc,HPE,Kh) with 567 marks from St.Thomas Higher Secondary School,Mairang, Deijuhhi Dkhar (E,M,S&T,SSc,CSc,Kh) with 566 marks from St.Margaret's Higher Secondary School,Shillong, Noknamchi Nengminza Sangma (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Ae) from St.Mary's Higher Secondary School,Shillong, ka Rashmi Chhetri (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Ae) from Holy Child Higher Secondary School,Shillong, Swarnim Suman (E,M,S&T,SSc,CSc,Ae) with 566 marks Holy Child Higher Secondary School,Shillong, U Soumitra Jha (E,M,S&T,SSc,CSc,H) with 565 marks marks of St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School,Shillong, U Oniel Star Khongphai (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Kh) by 563marks of St.Dominic Savio's Higher Secondary School,Shillong, of Hameka Mylliemngap (M,S&T,SSc ,HPE,Kh) with 563 marks from Synod Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Yayarisa Lyngdoh Marshilong (M,S&T, SSc,HPE,Kh) with 562 marks from Synod Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Jayden Magni Pde (E,M, S&T,SSc,HPE,Kh) with 562marks of North Liberty Higher Secondary School,Jowai, and Marvelous Shabong (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Kh) with 561 marks of St.Joseph's Girls' Higher Secondary School,Shillong, Theodosia Iadalin Warjri (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Kh) with 561marks from Sunny Dale Secondary School,Shillong, Abigail Tiara R Marak (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,G) with 561marks from Sherwood School Tura, Patiprata Ghosh (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Ae) with 561 marks from Pechon A Sangma Memorial Police Public Secondary School,Tura, Kelly Magnolia S Swer (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE, Kh) with 560 marks from Christian Academy, Shillong, P Sarasaphi Lyngdoh (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Kh) with 560 marks from Anderson Higher Secondary School,Nongstoin, Daffodil Langstang (E,M,S&T,SSc ,HPE,Kh) with 560 marks from North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Jowai, Manroi Khonglah Mukhim (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Ae) with 559 marks, from St.Mary's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Sharmin Khongsit (E,M,S&T,SSc,CSc,Ae) with 558 marks from All Saints' Diocesan Higher Secondary School,Shillong, and Divya Binu Mathew (E,M,S&T,SSc,CSc,Ae) with 558 marks from St .Xavier's Secondary School, Tura, Harchelle R Sangma (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,G) with 558 marks from Sherwood School, Tura, Phindari Akor Lyngdoh Nongbri (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Kh ) with 557 marks of St.Mary's Higher Secondary School,Shillong, Daphiniewkor Wahlang (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Kh) and 557 marks of Anderson Higher Secondary School,Nongstoin, of Susanta Bhardwaj (E,M,S&T ,SSc,HPE,Ae) with 557marks from James Memorial Secondary School,Umbir, U Bolgrim S Marak (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,G) with 557marks from Holy Family Secondary School,Rongjeng, U Adarsh ​​Kumar (E,M ,S&T,SSc,HPE,H) with 556 marks of St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School,Shillong, U Nathan Marshali Dkhar (E,M,S&T,SSc,CSc) with 556 marks of St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School,Shillong, Minakshi Rawat (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Ae) with 556 marks from St.Xaviers Secondary School,Shillong, Alra R Marak (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,G) with 556 marks from private Institution.
On the same day, the leaders of the HSPDP, Ri Bhoi, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, were also confirmed as the President of the HSPDP. Rijied Khymdeit, Finance Secretary, Donkupar Wriang Organizing Secretary and included four members from each of the four constituencies in Ri Bhoi.
Bah HT Wells said that because of his hard work, it proves that poverty and backwardness cannot stop him from moving forward.
Kyntang iawai The party would also like to thank all the members and supporters of the party who have worked hard to make this day a success.
He said that Meghalaya is in the midst of the struggle against the influx of foreigners but at this time the government has introduced the bill which aims to make Indian citizens from Bangladesh and other countries. those who belong to the same religion.
In a tweet, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma said that both of them were members of Sailo's family, but no details were given.
Regarding the arrest of 15 prostitutes, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said that prostitution has become a big business for women.
That we no longer need to rely on others to protect the environment, but we must protect the environment ourselves by banning the deforestation, the killing of wildlife and the killing of the dohum dohwah that is in the midst of the fire.
Don't say divorce, divorce, according to the law and the share should be distributed equally,” he said.
The CEM congratulated the party for taking the initiative to commemorate and also promised to take action on this issue.
He also informed that the Thoh Langdoh ceremony will be held on the 27th of this month at Khloo Lyngdoh. riang and to work to cultivate.
There will also be an Open Challenge for men and women where the winners will receive cash prizes and there will also be prizes for the Top Team, Runners up Team and Discipline Team.
The road to Nongkhnum from Mawkyrwat to the village is not sufficient because the contractor who has improved and cleaned the road has not yet painted it. It cannot be completed yet and there are still parts that are still incomplete.
Therefore, Kong RM Kurbah, said that the District has also received a directive from the government, on the need to enter the households in the villages, in order to provide training to the people. On this basis, the district authorities, in collaboration with the C&RD Block offices, will work hard to find out how to prevent the spread of COVID-1 Master Trainers as well as Field Trainers, who will fulfill this task in collaboration with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, C&RD Block, Self Help Groups and others. Village Council.
Even Maikhuli and Phillingkata will be heard again.
In this regard, he called on the people to cooperate in agreement with the government, so that this problem can be curbed in the district and to get a proper garbage dump.
Our health workers have climbed mountains and dug rivers in remote areas to provide proper medicine to the people.
On the part of the government, the Additional Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills have tried their best to provide the necessary support and to answer many questions.
New Delhi: West Bengal, Meghalaya and Bihar are the three states with only 10 per cent household drinking water supply, according to a report by the Jal Shakti Ministry.
According to the group, the construction of the new road has been approved by CCL. The group has requested the relevant authorities to look into this matter and take action against them. .
To collect information on the losses and others, the party has directed its members in Districts, Blocks, Circles and various units to collect information on the types of crops grown, how much expenditure, how much expectations to collect, just how much to sell and how much to lose.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Dr HH Mohrmen explained the activities that the organization has done such as FOCUS, Link Workers Scheme and others.
Two employees of the Soil Department in Aradonga were abducted by forest groups on the second day of November, West Khasi Hills District. who didn't know who they were.
After the incident, the MLA of the area – Abul Kalam Rasheed Alam demanded that the state government should conduct a thorough investigation into the incident and also to impose severe punishment against the suspects. the robbers who are involved in this crime.
The trial may begin in August/September.
This is not meant to be eaten at one meal, but throughout the day, and portion sizes are age appropriate.
The Minister suggested to NIFT to attract local farmers from the rural areas of Meghalaya, who have struggled to survive.
Shillong, July 20: The Greater Laban Community Development Society (GLCDS) has sent a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, on the 17th of this month, seeking a decision on the They demanded the demolition of the illegally built house owned by Manas Choudhury.
MS4AI2301 (Manufacturing Date: Jan-2023, Expiry Date: Dec-2025) has been distributed to districts according to the need.
Education Secretary-Nida Pynbiang Suchiang, Publicity Secretary Teimiki Suchiang, Assist.
It is worth mentioning that during the inspection of the Council, up to 9 houses and shops were destroyed in the area which were illegally erected in the Council forest in Aradonga.
According to the Minister, the Government has tried to expand the service through drones, which are operated by an agency known as Tech Eagle.
“If the North Division has already been moved to Shangpung, why don't you move the South Division to Amlarem, which is a Civil Subdivision for a long time? Eddy Kery Pohtam, President of JSU War Jaintia Circle, said that the Amlarem Subdivision has been destroyed by the government.
Speaking to reporters in Delhi, National Secretary Rituraj Sinha said that for the first time, the BJP high command has decided to contest from all 60 constituencies. in Meghalaya with the slogan “To Empower Meghalaya”.
The meeting supported the Revolution and one of the demands was that the government should recognize and empower the Rangbah Shnongs by law.
The Federation of Indian Animal Protection Organizations (FIAPO) has urged Nagaland to ban the sale of pigs, as these pigs are smuggled from Assam and West Bengal.
The tuition fees charged by private schools have angered parents and students despite the fact that they have received assistance from the Government.
The village, which has only 800 inhabitants in 167 households, was once famous for its cleanliness and has now become a tourist attraction.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27 : The Meghalaya State Government Employees Federation (MSGEF) has announced that it will hold a meeting of the Federal General Council on the 30th of this month at the State Central Library Auditorium to elect the new office bearers.
Bur are a type of boat that can be floated on the surface of the water, which is built by tying a siej together and can be carried by only one person.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The District Council Court of East Khasi Hills today settled 27 cases in the National Adalat.
According to Sudhan, students who wish to study in these lines need to pay only T.25,000 for admission while food, drink and accommodation will cost T.60,0 will be returned after they have finished reading.
In the first match, PFR Academy beat Mylliem Grass Root 2-0, Sacred Heart Football Academy beat Rangdajied United FC 4-0 while Kick Start Academy beat Rangdajied United FC 4-0 Mawlai SC beat Mawlai SC 0-0 and through this match they had to share 10 points.
This increase is no longer surprising in the state, but it has happened many times and it has been seen that this increase has been slow without any rules to control the price of goods. it shall be in order and shall not affect the household.
The KSU Leader said that if the Central Government cannot implement the ILP in Meghalaya, why does it implement the ILP in Manipur and other states in the North East?
“As women, our duty is not to end up in the four corners of the household but I am proud that in this age, women are coming forward in all aspects to carry and leave, to serve the society. and the nation, as empowered to them,” said Ms Macdalyne, adding that besides the household chores, women also have a great role in the society especially to bring about the good of the country, to plant trees. They don't allow the children of the wicked to walk in the right path.
She said she has visited the villages and people around the Parliamentary constituency and may be able to walk until next June.
Volunteers and organizations have tried to monitor and discuss the issue but to no avail.
Bipin Saurabh alone scored a century (177) and Sachin Kumar Singh scored a half-century (75).
At this programme, one of the Fish Processing Units of Y.Kharsyntiew SHG was inaugurated in Mairang at Umwiehsup, Mairang. 2021-2022 and implemented by the office of the Superintendent of Fisheries, Nongstoin.
The opening ceremony was held at the Red Horn Auditorium, Umroi Military Station, Umroi with the participation of Martial Artists from all over the state, officers and leaders. from the army station and school children.
These are health messages.
Now, indeed, the listener is wiser than the speaker.
Shillong: A stone was laid in front of the entrance of the Center Point building, Police Bazar, Shillong, this evening at 6.39 pm.
Three candidates have been nominated for the Lok Sabha MP election from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency. One is the General Secretary of the party and former MLA of Nongthymmai, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh and another is Bah PT Sawkmie, Vice President and former MLA from Mawlai Constituency.
In another order, the DC East Khasi Hills has closed down the house of PD Lyngwa, Mynsain Rum, Lower Lumparing.
According to him, all that remains now is to extend the runway to 1900 meters at Balurghat Airport.
They should not explain our household chores.
The National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi District, which is a busy road, has been witnessed by many vehicles, but since the incident at Mukroh, there have been fewer vehicles. They are no longer free to walk or stand through this road.
He added that Jirang and Ranikor are among the constituencies which have received many development projects through the government.
The Commission was chaired by Dr YV Reddy.
Writing in X, Conrad said, “It is sad to learn that up to 23 soldiers and 20 civilians have been reported missing following the sudden heavy rains and floods in Sikkim.
Speaking on the occasion, former President Daniel Khyriem said that it is time for the leaders and members of the KSU to prepare to fight for the country and the nation.
Dr. PBM Basaiawmoit at email address73 @gmail.com and ecumove@gmail.com.
This fruit probably comes from the sohmyngngor in the West Indies.
The incident happened at 1:30 pm this morning, but the attempt failed because there were no employees. who saw that the room was about to catch fire and went to put out the fire.
When we arrived at the KHADC, we learned that the meeting started at 3 pm and waited at the venue until the end of the meeting which ended at 6 pm.
The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) Central Body has demanded that the Director of NEIGRIHMS should hold another new examination for the post of Nursing. to appoint those who are not on the waiting list after more than half of those who passed did not join the job and some of them did not leave.
Shillong: The body of a young girl was cremated at Rtiang village in West Jaintia Hills District today.
With this victory, India will prepare for the final on Sunday against the winner of the other semi final between South Africa and Australia, which will be played on Sunday. Pale a Garden of Eden.
In the second match which started at 11 pm, Umphyrnai SC won the title by beating Rangdajied United 8-0
“If we live in the shaiong of today, we have forgotten that the father should be strong and as a child he should have a share of the household,” he said. he can be expected to be a responsible adult.
The reason is the lack of strong fences and the lack of volunteers to look after and manage their cattle breeding.
This increased alum content makes the water more oily.
“I am not saying to count any benefits, but we want the government to take a decision, which the High Court has handed over to the government to take that decision and if the government cannot, it should be taken into custody. “It's the High Court's decision,” said Bah Himalaya.
A lawyer, Sudheer Kumar Ojha, has filed a complaint in a Patna court against Chinese President Xi Jinping and Chinese Ambassador to India Sun Weidong, alleging that both of them , have an evil plan to spread the Corona virus around the world.
Speaking at the meeting, the Unit Head of Star Cement Lumshnong, Luxmiah Manjula, said that the company is always thinking to improve the students and also to improve the schools. The company has been donating to schools, children and villages and through the CSR department, it will continue to donate to the villages and townships. students.
Another is that if the party does not allow, if the MDCs leave the party it will affect and on this, the party has allowed them to join hands with the NPP. Apart from the Congress, there is no other party that can provide better services and especially to fight against the BJP. He gave an example that the Garo language has been included in the list of languages ​​to contest in the fifth round only through discussions, not through street protests.
Venice authorities on Tuesday said 21 people on board a bus had died after it crashed into a bridge in Venice, Italy.
Of these 75 cases, 33 cases are from East Khasi Hills, 1 case from North Garo Hills, 2 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 20 cases from Ri Bhoi, 1 case from West Garo Hills. There are 5 cases in Hills, 15 cases in West Khasi Hills and 1,468 cases in the state.
He said that as a person who has a responsibility for the people of Hynniewtrep, he is afraid that the nation will be overwhelmed by the influx of foreigners and especially at such a time. amid the spread of Covid-19 across the states in the country.
“If the transportation of coal is banned, then the employees of the District Council will have to work without salary,” said an MDC of the Jaintia District Council.
Hahaha….
There has been a strong opposition to the construction of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly at Tara Ghar near Nan Palok. and recognized as a heritage building.
Sweety won the 40 Kg category.
The Daloi of Jowai District, Rgh.Puramon Kynjin spoke on the topic “Niamtre, Tipbru Tipblai Religion”.
Therefore, the union urges the state government not to take this stingy, even if they have already tested them from the place where they came but should also test them before they enter the state. Meghalaya is the same.
Before the 678 Sub Inspectors of Police of Assam took over, the Director of NEPA, Depak Kumar, also took part in the swearing-in ceremony. police officers who have to have responsibility as police officers when they go back to serve the people as police officers.
Besides David, the second and fourth place winners among the men were Dasaman Kyndait and Marso Kyndait.
There have been 6,566 new cases and 194 deaths in the past 24 hours.
Among all the constituencies, Mawlai had the highest number of voters with 42664 voters but 33498 voters turned out to cast their votes which is only 78.42%.
Shillong, Naiwieng 8: U Minister of State for Agriculture, Sudarshan Bhagat, on Tuesday accused the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, of misleading the people of the state that the Central Government is reducing the amount of money spent. to the state.
The DC said that he has not found any restriction on the sellers of meat in the area but they should not cut and sell the cows that have the disease.
During the pandemic, people, from various walks of life, have donated their assistance, because there are many people who have faced extreme difficulties.
Then those who no longer obey the Word of God become 'fornicators' and serve the Age of Darkness and the prince of the power of the air (Eph 2:2).
East Khasi Hills has 28 cases and West Garo Hills has 47 new cases.
Although the Meghalaya government is trying to convince the Punjabis that it is an inexpensive place for health, they understand that it is a place of milk and honey and for this reason we I see in the news that they want to become the owners so that they can build roadside structures and organize activities there.
In the second innings, Meghalaya failed to score, although Das once again started with 28 runs.
However, when she arrived at Resubelpara NGH, a large number of supporters raised red flags and protested against the opposition of Ampareen Lyngdoh and criticized the Minister for her recent statement that she did not agree with the demand. made Tura the capital of Tlang.
Speaking at a meeting in Phot Umnew, the President of the Mawkyrwat Youth Association (SSSM), Kitborsing Lyngdoh Marshilong, expressed his gratitude to the President of the Mawkyrwat Youth Association (SSSM). South West Khasi Hills District and not only did they participate but they also brought glory to the community through their victory.
Among other Indian players, who has been out of action since November due to injuries, has now been placed fifth.
The match will be played at the Minerva Sports Complex in Chandigarh at 4 pm.
According to police, Shafiqul and Saiful were involved in misleading children to fight against the Indian government while working as teachers in a madrasa. don't go to Dhubri.
It is time for the people to cleanse themselves of the sohpailen, the sohpring of the minds at such a time to elect leaders by thinking and the same people even four or five times when the state. I don't think so, but we should think again to elect new MLAs, who have a vision, who are clean, who have clear policies, who benefit the people, not to I'm interested in the schemes once every five years to get a day off to vote.
“The rules introduced by the State as stated in the affidavit have not been in line with the expectations or measures needed to be taken to protect the rivers especially the Umiam Dam,” said the court. He said that the State will have to announce the measures it has taken to curb the illegal felling of trees as it has been revealed that the felling of trees and the clearing of hills has taken place along the Highways within the State. the State for building construction.
Shillong: The North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) has decided to send a team of inquiry into the incident between the students of the University and the administration of Tura campus.
Police of Madanryting Police Station have registered a case under Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code.
He was also one of the founders of the first English newspaper for the natives known as the Implanter.
A man who has been imprisoned for 17 years, on Tuesday, said that the court has confirmed that he had nothing to do with the rape.
The closing date for entries is on or before June 3, 2023.
He also donated T.10,000 to Shlem as a sign of his participation in helping the poor on that day.
In your life and mine, we are all sinners as it is written, 'There is none righteous, no, not one' (Romans 3:10).
The arrested suspect was drunk and had shouted, robbed people and threatened the policemen on patrol.
Kennedy said he had three friends who were close to him during their time in the police force. They have also complained to the police department, for preventing the promotion of jobs, for those who are entitled.
Regarding these reports, the reporter tried to get information from the Congress leaders of these two constituencies but as applications have not been called yet, they could not provide information on how many people want tickets from the Congress party.
Two days later, the rangRyngkat came and said, “But you have come and asked, this is the custom”.
Referring to the decision of the High Court of Assam that those who have completed three years of service should be confirmed, he said, “If we look for only three years, it is not enough. However, those who have served for more than 10 years have not been confirmed and there are also some of the employees who have retired as day labourers.
“Get ready, my son, let us go.
After the meeting, a signature campaign was held in which Sengbhalang leaders, the public and school children participated.
Of the total, 3 lakh metric tonnes have been transported,” Katakey told reporters at the time.
In the Science Stream, 3724 students have sat for the examination and 2732 students have passed with a percentage of 76.76%.
The relatives of the injured have lodged a complaint at Mairang Police Station and submitted a letter to the SDO of MEECL Mairang in the presence of the leaders of HYC Mairang. Circle and HYC Nongthliew Circle to demand compensation for the injured child.
Jowai, Lber 22: The attempt to remove the post of CEM of JHADC by Ma Thombor Shiwat from the post of CEM of JHADC by several MDCs who attended the meeting of Ma MB Rymbai has failed due to the fact that the MDCs of the opposition from the JHADC A few months ago, MB Rymbai and Andrew Shullai had planned to remove Thombor Shiwat from the post. They also received the support of several MDCs including Laitsing Shylla (INC), Hopingstone Bareh (INC), Rio Sten (IND), Chanki Lyngdoh (UDP), Skhem Suchiang (IND), Richardsingh. Lyngdoh (IND), Bison Iano (IND), Suk Shylla (IND), Winning Sungoh (INC) and Hermon Phawa (INC).
Earlier, a meeting was conducted by Mr. MM Thaiang who is also the author and Editor of the newspaper 'YUTIP' and Mr. Wansalan gave speeches on the book and its views. .
Shillong: Mawlai, who have not won on Saturday, beat Ryntih 2-1 in the 48th match of the OC Blue Shillong Premier League 2021-2 played on the Third Ground of Polo.
It is true that this road has affected the beauty of the area, has deteriorated the image of the area as a whole, especially the people from different states who see and witness the condition of the road which has deteriorated the area.
According to a statement to the media on Tuesday, the DC said that according to the estimates, only 77 people have been recovered while others have left and some who go to other states of the country.
It is also the third time she has reached the semifinals of the WTA 1000 this season.
Trump reportedly paid her USD 130,000 in 2016 to silence her about her secret relationship with Donald Trump during these times.
R.Suchiang, I/C Pamra-Paithlu PHC, East Jaintia Hills District and others.
He said the main reason for the demand for a full state is because there is an intention to introduce the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people to speak Assamese.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the UDP, said that this has not been discussed within the party, but many of the UDP members have expressed their opposition to this proposal if it is true that the government. I will build shops in this place, because this place has become a desolate wasteland.
L Pariat, this union stands on the basis of demanding the rights of all employees not to lose their human rights to which they are entitled.
The Tiangong is 16.8 meters long and 4.2 meters wide and can accommodate nine people.
However, according to the guidelines of the federation, only four matches can be played in Pakistan while nine matches will be played in Sri Lanka.
Shillong, November 14: The North Eastern Service, AIR, Shillong will hold the final of the NE Body Can Sing Competition on the 16th of this month. 4:30 pm to 6:30 pm at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
He said he has left behind his personal interests and has left the Congress party to support Bah Syiem at this juncture.
Shillong, June 23: Foreigners from all over the world have been allowed to travel freely to the North Eastern States, except those from Pakistan, China and Afghanistan.
Thus the judgment came upon them, by which God punished and scattered them all over the world, such as Egypt and Babylon etc. until the years 1939 – 1945 AD. God Fulfilled His Promise to Gather the Jews “As the LORD liveth, which brought up and that led the seed of the house of Israel out of the east country, and out of all countries whither I had driven them; and they shall dwell in their own land (the land of Israel).
These two villages have acknowledged that there are Synrangdiengsohphan and Rithang and they know well where those places are.
In East Jaintia Hills, they are located in Malidor, Mooriap, Umkyrpong and Laskein.
The death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to 864, bringing the total to 9,0
Shri.Department B.
“I am pleased to see the hard work between the MBA, BFI and the State Government in which it has been successful,” said Bah Warjri.
This demand was opposed by both the Central Government and the State Government.
The minimum qualification for the post of Soldier General Duty for the tribals shall be those who have passed Class VIII while for the post of Soldier Clerk/Storekeeper Technical shall be those who have passed Class X Class X. Technical Soldier and Soldier Nursing Assistant will be recruited only those who have passed 10 +2 in science subject.
The Sengkur Phawa Siangshai has expressed its deep sorrow over the incident and sent its condolences to the relatives of the child.
Leaders of these volunteers, whom the government has deployed especially in the rural areas, said that the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Association has sent a letter of demand to the government on 8th October on 11th June, 2014 and the last one on 27th November, 2014, but they said that the government has not responded to all three letters.
Nongpoh: Khasi youths from Khyndewso village, who were injured in a shooting incident in Jatalong village, where they allegedly were shot by Nepalis, said they were shot dead by Nepalis. They said that when they tried to talk to the police to clarify the matter, they were shot dead, until they were seriously injured.
Abeda Tadvi, mother of Dr Payal Tadvi, said that the higher teachers did not listen to her daughter's complaint.
During the meeting, Shri Rahul Gandhi, MP, was also discussed on the White Paper on Indian States – which has been approved and accepted by the Khasi States. Government of India on 17th July 1948, and how the Chief Executive Members from Village, Raid to Hima do not have their own Iing Dorbar and that in the Constitution of India and under the 6th Schedule these separate authorities do not appear, He was informed about the NCRWC report 2003 submitted to Parliament during the NDA regime, the orders of the NCST and NHRC, in 2012, and informed him that the ILP protest in the state is partly due to the I am concerned about the peaceful inclusion of people's names in the Electoral Roll even if they are not residents of the village. This is the jurisdiction of the Constitution.
That is why there will be no justice in terms of the population in these two districts compared to the population in Garo Hills.
Addl SP- 9856040408, Dy.SP – 9856040409, CI Jowai – 9856040410, IC Ummulong- 9856040375, IC Phramer- 9856040379, Women 569 4 09
The Quarter-Final will start on the 17th June, 2021 (Saturday).
The implementation of Aadhaar is in accordance with the constitutional validity of the Constitution of India which states that Aadhaar is required for —————a.
Shillong: A man, who returned from Chennai, along with another person who was infected in the past few days, has tested positive for Covid-1
Furthermore, Bah Syiemlieh encouraged Bah Teiborlang by saying that if others say that he is weak, let him work harder in the future.
On this occasion, the Minister also distributed the seeds to the farmers of the District.
“We from the NPP have said that if the people give their trust, we will try to create up to 5 lakh jobs from 2023 – 2028 not only in government jobs but to stand on their own feet so that they can don't change the others.
He said that the taxi drivers should no longer issue licenses to foreigners to drive, as the Khasi have been able to work themselves.
Shillong, July 20: U Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, accompanied by Mawsynram MLA HM Shangpliang, MDC Alvin Sawkmie and officials, visited and met with the affected refugees. in the natural disasters of these days.
Iakjakor is the devil.
Nitin Gadkari said that regarding the construction of roads, as the Prime Minister in charge of roads, he said that there is no problem in terms of funds but the problem is to to get land or the approval of many parties because to build the roads has to be lost of many land and if you don't get the approval it is difficult to implement.
The mother was identified as Shainaz Begum, 20, while her husband, Shajahan Ali, managed to escape from the scene.
During his visit, Drinson Shylla, one of the farmers at Pynthorwah Jowai, expressed his satisfaction with the visit of the Head of Department. to the farmers.
The six persons were arrested from Lad Umsaw, Ri Bhoi, a place where the state police had raided and the six Nigerians were arrested from a Sumo. You have the number ML-10-B-9
“Bah Bindo said that as a national party, the ILP is at the forefront of our work, but when we see that the state has been secretly destroyed, we have a great deal of concern about getting the ILP. The permission to implement the Inner Line Permit in the state is the wish of the people of the state, of the MDA government, but this is in the hands of the central government.
Nongthymmai has more than 22,000 voters from 18 villages.
The world now needs miracles of healing and miracles to heal the sick by laying hands on them and anointing them with oil in the name of the Lord Jesus.
The Seng has taken this decision after the talks with the Commissioner and Secretary, Education Department of the State Government, Dr.BDR Tiwari have not reached any conclusion.
All these things prove that we are a hereditary species, they cannot just come about by chance.
“When you collect data, we have to make sure that that data is accurate.
You have not yet reached the intellectual power of the world to know the scientific mind, the sheep's skin and the mind that has long been covered with the poison of the seiñpuh to kill your fellow citizens who have been inside the poiei to come. Plant and grow through you Khasi women the seeds to destroy your nation from which you came.
Speaking to reporters, the President Election Committee of the UDP, Titos W Chyne, MLA, said that four candidates have applied for tickets from the party. He said that they will take a final decision in a day or two and therefore they have been invited to discuss the issue so that there will be no differences of opinion later. get tickets anywhere.
Mawkyrwat, Lber, 27: The General Secretary of the KSU Central Body, Bah Donald V. Thabah, on Tuesday reminded the members of the KSU that despite many problems faced by the KSU in the past, the KSU Central Body has faced many challenges. until now, it is still in the midst of many struggles whether physically or mentally, although they have to fight hard until they win.
The medals were won in the mixed cadet mixed pair category of poomsae.
He said that if he is elected as an MLA, he will use his salary for the poor.
On the other hand, the residents of Mawsynram Village have appealed to the PWD Department especially through the Contractors who have agreed to implement the work as soon as possible for the needs of the residents especially in the regarding the movement of the public who receive full service through the CHC Hospital as well as the school children who go to study as well.
JAC Publicity Secretary Warsan Lyngdoh said that the JAC has found that the BDO of Mawkyrwat has come to mislead the people of the area on this issue. Warsan Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong, KSU, FKJGP Warsan Lyngdoh urged the DC SWKH, BDO Mawkyrwat and other government officials not to come and disrupt anything until a decision has been taken.
She explained how Thomas Jones prepared himself by training in additional jobs before becoming a missionary, and she also mentioned the various challenges that Thomas Jones faced while at sea.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 13: The Markasa Market is an old market located on the National Highway 44 (E) Shillong-Tura about 20 kilometers before Nongstoin.
He said that he will do his utmost to release the salary before Christmas and the salary will be released according to the availability of funds as the government has not yet received the funds from the central government.
In this regard, Bah Passah said the Minister will convene a meeting on 2nd June with the experts of the Pastuer Institute, PHE and KHNAM to discuss this.
Shillong, July 29 : After MeECL issued an announcement on the new power outage which started at midnight on Tuesday, the residents of Shillong have expressed their strong opposition to the power outage. The four hours from 1 pm to 5 pm was to encourage and encourage the robbers to do whatever they want in the darkness of the night.
“We had set a target to release the census in the middle of April, but now we have set a target to release the census by the end of the first month of April,” said Bah Tynsong. on Monday.
Shillong: The Cherra Bosconian Union (CBU), a union of alumni of St. John Bosco Boys' Higher Secondary School, Sohra; The Golden Jubilee Lama was celebrated on 14.10.2018 by Ph.D.
Shillong: U Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, MDC of Sohryngkham Constituency and Chairman of KHADC, together with the Village Leaders of Mawshbuit Village, urged the Government to set up a High Level Committee (HLC) to investigate and resolve the issue. U Bah Pyniaid together with the village leaders including Bah Richard Nongkhlaw, Sordar and Bah Joe Warbah, Secretary. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said this in a meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday, following the incident of attack on the residents by the army at the gate to enter Mawshbuit.
The world is now wiser and brighter Why? How our country is still in power, Even our beloved leaders In the secretariat they are sleeping all day.
Letters of condolences were also read from Vincen Pala MP, Dr. DD Lapang President MPCC and others.
According to police, about 20 robbers attacked a house of Sampat Batti and Dhansa, where they allegedly killed a cow for slaughter.
These cows were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
The President of the Student Bar Association, Peter A Dohkrut, said that NEHU has not listened to their demands regarding the problems faced by the law students of NEHU and other colleges. and the delay in the issuance of the results, the awarding of marks to students studying the 3-year LLB Course.
“A case has already been registered and after the investigation we have to file an affidavit to the court on the detailed report of the investigation.
I don't know why, but I'm sure you'll like it.
On Friday last month, the Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee called for the unity of the opposition parties during the protests in Red Road, Communist Party of India (Marxist) leaders Mohammad Salim, Bikash Ranjan Bhattacharya and Sujan Chakraborty took part in the two-month strike of government employees in the state. to demand DA (Dearness Allowance) for the employees of the Central Government.
The Syiem of Hima Khyrim together with the priests perform the ritual of Pom Blang, by offering thanks to Lei Shyllong.
Shillong: After Guwahati and Bangalore, Shillong has decided to introduce bikes and motorcycles due to the heavy traffic jam.
Earlier, the BJP had wanted Union Minister Kiren Rijiju, DoNER Minister Dr Jitendra Singh and Assam Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma to campaign for the party. Shella.
Desplin Marbaniang, 55, of Lad Mawreng, was admitted to H Gordon Roberts Hospital on 30th June and died today.
At the same time, Bah Sawkmie urged them to fight hard to reach the goal of victory.
He said that if the government takes action, it should ask for assistance from the central government to build a road from Kyrshai to Langpih, so that the people can escape from the problems they have faced over the years.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, congratulated the leaders of the club for organizing this special program which is in memory of the special leaders who organized the club. Rum Shnong Youth Club Bataw who have been the pioneers and said that as the leader of the area he will try his best because the time is short due to the outbreak of covid-1 He urged the people to cooperate and promised that he will try to help the club.
Two shops near Don Bosco in Sampalgre have been destroyed by the sudden rise in Kasinang.
We want to see that the government should work harder and they should elect only those who are still working and those who have retired should leave from which state we don't know but they should leave from here. the state".
The NLDBSL was implemented as an SPV (special purpose vehicle) between the National Industrial Corridor Development Corporation (NICDC) and the Japanese company, Nippon Electric Company (NEC), Limited.
Shillong, Nailar 19: “Reading minutes, explaining the time and preparing well are the keys to passing the UPSC examination,” said Anendya Rajasshre, Assistant Commissioner and Executive Magistrate of the UPSC examination. Speaking as the Chief Guest at the celebration of the National Library's Day by the Shilong College Central Library and the Internal Quality Assurance Cell of the College on the 11th of this month.
During the visit to the company to close the gate, the union did as usual by sending out and suspending the employees of its office, all departments.
The union also urged the MLA of the area, Bah Shitlang Pale and MDC, Bah Emlangki Lamare to visit the bridge on the Ïakang River in Lahaleiñ. The union also wants the leaders to understand the plight of the people of the area who are facing difficulties in traveling to the bridge. come.
It is estimated that about 68 people were killed today at the beginning of the war.
Speaking to media, u Bah Tynsong, said, “If the people of Mawlai don't want to have police patrolling on the day of the rally to commemorate the death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, However, the request of the government is that if they hold any meeting, they should maintain peace and order in the state”.
After eating and drinking, it was 7:30 pm, Riia said, “I don't have time anymore because they were wondering why I was late...” She stood up and took the shang kwai. ban harvest.
He said that earlier, when the questions were stolen, the teachers had met the chairman of MBOSE to suggest that the Class IX examinations should be allowed to be conducted by the schools. The chairman did not agree and, as it is now, for the Class IX examination, the questions have been set by the MBOSE while the correction has been done by the teachers in the schools.
Speaking on behalf of the College, Prof.SSR Bamon, expressed his satisfaction to see that these alumni of the College, have taken care and remembered the College and at the same time , urged the alumni to work together for the development of the College.
Besides the many signs that the mothers of the chiefs have left in this village, the most surprising thing that Rupang has found is that the mothers of the chiefs of foreign countries have loved the village of Sohra where they live. The desire in their souls that after their death their bodies should be buried in the same village, this is known through the stories from the elders of the village.
The Gambia is one of Africa’s smallest countries and at the same time a very poor country.
The total number of people on the Electoral Roll is 1,74,358 and 40,855 people have been injected and Ri Bhoi has 23.4 per cent.
Throughout the campaign, the women received education on water-related resources, learned from experts on water quality testing criteria, reflecting a sense of ownership and responsibility to water-related resources.
It is prohibited to go out in public in the evening especially those who meet people to distribute money.
Shillong, Jymmang, 14: The Congress on Tuesday demanded the immediate removal of posters from public places without the permission of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Minister of Home Affairs. In a letter sent to the District Election Officer of East Khasi Hills, MPCC General Secretary Sanjay Das said that these posters of The Prime Minister, the Minister of Home Affairs and the National President of the BJP have been thrown on electric poles and in various parts of Shillong. posters without permission.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Keshari Nath Tripathi, said that due to the ban on coal mining, the state has had to create mechanisms to meet the shortage of funds for the needs of the state. in development activities.
New Delhi, Jymmang 23: Swine flu has killed 21 people, bringing the death toll to 833 and the number of cases to 14,0
Existing PDOs, PDOAs and App Providers who wish to establish new ones can approach Government officials to provide suggestions for the expansion of broadband through the PM -WANI.Note: the email id for the registration for this consultation is adge.
After reading the letter, Kong Lumspah became angry with Kong Lin, the youngest sister of the Rangbah Shnong (Bah Let).
Regarding the proposal to relocate the Civil Hospital from Mawkadiang to the MCH in Upper New Nongstoin, HANM President Willstone Sohshang and HYC West Khasi Hills Secretary Wanteibok Lyngdoh said that They will not be allowed at all, because if the Civil Hospital is moved to MCH it will cause a lot of traffic jam and the construction of the MCH is not suitable for a Civil Hospital due to the small space.
Criticizing the NPP, he said that if the NPP continues to rule again, it will be more difficult from the High Level to the Super Level.
The first meeting of the Advisory Council was held on 19th July 2019 and was attended by the leaders of the states of the North East, as well as members of the Central Government, with staff members of food processing plants, representatives of hospitality related organizations or food sector related departments.
The findings of NAQUIM have shed more light on the understanding of groundwater availability, how water sources flow under the surface, the calculation of the water holding capacity of different rock types and the understanding of groundwater purity in different areas.
The Meteorological Department has forecast heavy rainfall in Shillong tomorrow and heavy thunderstorms.
When asked about the formation of the PDF, Bah PN Syiem said that in the career of politicians, there have been many challenges and he said that he formed the party. Mawsynram, but when he lost the election, he felt that he could no longer run the party and so he resigned from the party. “If I don't have the command anymore and the commands are still children and they don't understand, then it's better not to show too much to the world that we're shrut, it's better for me to leave. you party".
I wonder what their motives are when they do this....
The proposal has started from the Umïam Bridge to the people's side if the traffic jam is heavy.
Speaking to one of the motorboat operators, he said that he has been in the business for 17 years.
The protest caused the JMB trucks to flee the scene.
The court, Sessions Judge NA Khan, MHJS, West Jaintia Hills District, has sentenced Ram Dhar to life imprisonment for his involvement in the murder of a man who has been involved in the murder of a man for the past six years. .
She said it is her duty to discuss, consult and consult with the Prime Minister and other officials on decisions to be taken for the ASHAs in the State.
These sohñiamtra were developed under the Mission Organic Value Chain Development (MOVCDNER), which is a mission branch of the National Mission for Sustainable Agriculture (NMSA).
In this regard, the Chdooh Ri Jaintia Wamaya strongly condemns the JHADC's rule that its employees cannot contest and become Rangbah Shnong, said a statement issued by the President of the JHADC. Chdooh In Jaintia Hills by W.K.Cleanliness.
On this occasion, Bah Purningstar Shabong through the JAC, urged the state government to take immediate action to stop the border crossing by Assam.
Shillong: U KP Pangniang, President of the HSPDP, today wrote to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, regarding the death of a tram in many villages of West Khasi Hills. , which borders with Assam and has damaged thousands of trees in the villages of Tynghor, Domjarain, Nongthymmai, Nongrisan, Nunmati (Mawram), Upper Rangsa, Mikadop, Myndo, Nongmawlein, Upper Kizang and Nongkyndang. , Nongrathaw, Nongdiengkain, Baspani, Kamriangsi, Chisem and other villages.
Momin said that recently up to T.15,000 crore has been allocated for the upgradation of the Umroi-Silchar road from 2-lane to 4-lane, which shows the commitment of the Modi Government to the people and the growth of the san.
Therefore, we must pray earnestly and turn away from our evil ways, that is God's will.
Meanwhile, Police have seized 277 vehicles and fined T.236500 for violating the rules and regulations during the night and morning searches by the Shillong Traffic Police across the area.
She said that the relationship between the Bharti Foundation and the government has been of great benefit to the schools and especially to the poor children whom the group helps, and this will bring about a change in the society especially to improve the quality of education. also the Performance Grading Index (PGI) rating in the district and the state as a whole.
It is not known where the water has been brought to the river and how long it has been, but it appears that it has been a long time because it has remained only a shynrong without anything else.
Seventy-seven former government officials have written to President Ram Nath Kovind, expressing their dissatisfaction with the working methods of the Election Commission of India (ECI). Many violations of the rules have been committed by the party in the government.
On the 24th, the program started with a rally with the participation of students and teachers of St. Claret Secondary School, Shangpung District Presbyterian SSA School, Zion English School and Oasis English School. as well as the signature on the banner.
A mother is a symbol of patience and unconditional love," she said.
“Because this is not the rules of the jail, we have refused to accept their demand,” said Bah Buam.
“How the Deoris Marbaniang belongs to Paul Leong means to misinterpret the decision of the High Court,” said Kharkongor.
“A meeting has been convened by the KHADC together with the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MBDA) to discuss the Green Economy Meghalaya Project. who planted trees, including the latyrpat, the poplar, and the fig tree," he said.
Videos have circulated today showing the people and members of the Nagaland Students Federation (NSF) chasing away the soldiers, who were patrolling in the city today.
“We want to know clearly on what basis the VPP stands, why the speeches of the President and the candidate are different and why they are not in the same voice,” said Bajop.
I've been waiting for a long time to get someone who doesn't line the brew or the leaders who understand this.
“I think there will be a change in the Lok Sabha elections and we are confident that we will win these two seats,” Chatrath told reporters.
However, let us come to our party to instill the spirit of patriotism on the basis that we can really bring about the protection of our unique Jaidbynriew, to build and develop the Jaidbynriew.
He said that those government employees who are appointed on contract basis, if transferred full time, have to follow the rules of the Constitution and the decision of the Supreme Court.
He and a group of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi today lodged a complaint at the Nongpoh Police Station and also met with the SP of Ri-Bhoi to take action. The Union of Rangbah Shnongs does not want such channels to mislead the public from time to time.
The incident began at 9pm UK time, the Daily Mail reported, when US helicopters left their base in Iraq and traveled up to 500 miles in a successful flight. It takes about 10 hours and they also cross the border of Russia, Syria and Turkey.
There are many Lyngdohs in Khasi, Jaintia, but they should not use the Thabah clan, so that there will be no mistake especially for those who are still related.
Patriots only during the elections and when they win even the election campaign is not clean from the hands of the supporters they are quick to break the promises they made during the election campaign.
In fact, once their tenure has expired, they should not be ashamed to be called MDCs.
The foundation stone laying ceremony was attended by Bah DP Wahlang IAS, Principal Secretary Education, SDO Amlarem Civil Sub Division, JU Kharpuri, school management and others.
On the same day, from 4 pm to 9 pm, there will be a ceremony, in which only those who are invited, will take part.
In this regard, it is understood that once ICC CEO Geoff Allardice and federation chief executive Greg Barclay visit Karachi to meet with Sethi, it has been decided. Pakistan has said that it will not set any rules for the upcoming World Cup, besides the four matches to be held in the country as it now has the right to host. to the games of the tournament.
He said that it is necessary to know why Dr. Mukul Sangma at that time did not want to grant the ILP but now he wants it.
The number of cases has risen to 1,400 and the death toll to
He is the best friend of white people and people who are allowed to beiῆ.
They strongly condemned the police who arrested Kong Angelbeth without conducting an investigation to find out the truth but those who shot and beat and touched her, did not do anything and this is a discrimination. and violation of the law.
The Magistrate and Police did not allow them to gather there because they did not ask permission.
Because they have been blinded by some external force, they don't understand anymore and they have forgotten that a clean marriage is like a cancer to the country. and the Khasi nation as a whole, because from the clean marriage we have been deprived of the right to constitution in our nation.
If they don't stay in these houses because they have to move quickly from one place to another, they leave their houses and no one goes to work or moves in with other Khasi or other ethnic groups. person.
In a letter sent to MPCC President Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, Rahul expressed his concern that Kharshiing is still in critical condition.
However, KHNAM said that if it cannot do so, and show the figures, the Government should not turn back to implement the Roster System, but should move forward from 2023 onwards.
It is worth mentioning that the post of Syiem in Langrin Hima has been shaken after the Seng Samla lodged a complaint with the KHADC regarding the appointment of a Management Board by the Syiem to run the affairs of the Hima.
Furthermore, at the beginning of the first half, Mawkawah FC had a good chance to score the first goal and Akash Rana didn't miss the opportunity in the minute. In the 26th minute, Mawliehbah FC didn't have a chance to turn the ball around until the end of the first half.
“I appeal to the relatives of the members of the rebel group to refrain from associating with their children and wives because they will be punished by the law and they are no different from the acts of criminals,” he said. to Jain.
The Khnam also urges the true foreigners to take responsibility and work together in this regard to achieve peace.
Lajong tried their best to turn the tide and it was in the 16th minute that Karim Samb scored the second goal for the team. team this season.
In the second half, the match was even more interesting as both the teams showed their skills on the pitch which impressed the fans and all those who were involved. I witnessed the final match.
New Delhi: A man has shot dead youths protesting against the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) and marching in the Jamia Millia Islamia in south Delhi today. , was not injured, the report said.
As for the tupia he wore, it showed his death.
The funds released include a grant from the Government of India of T.294 crore and a share from the State of T.55 crore, said Bah Sniawbhalang in reply to an unstarred question. , which was brought to the House on Tuesday.
Recently, Faleiro also admitted that there is a difference of opinion among the party MLAs but it is not a protest to overthrow the party.
As the state president of the NPP, I would like to say that we welcome the decision of the BJP to support the NPP candidates without any restrictions,” said Bah Tynsong.
We didn't want to harm the people or the innocent souls, so we refused.
The song was composed by Paulson Pohlong and Lambok Pohktai and the music was composed by Paulson Pohlong.
When I expressed on my part not to allow foreigners in the District Councils, because these are special Dorbars for the minorities and since the time of the Dorbar Lorkhraw of India (Constituent). Assembly 1946-1950, there was a Bordoloi Sub-Committee, which was appointed to discuss the issue of leadership by other ethnic groups in the District Councils. decided that it is not appropriate to allow the ethnic minorities, as the District Councils are the foundation and protection of the minority ethnic groups.
The Indian Navy has announced that one ship has been sent to the Bay of Bengal while two others have been sent to the Andaman Sea.
Ravi Bhatnagar, Director, External Affairs and Partnerships, SOA, Reckit said, “Together with land and Durex TBBT, we are celebrating not only this festival of festivals but also the uniqueness of culture, talent and to put health as the most important part of our journey.
Shillong, July 05: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday slammed those MLAs especially former government ministers who are his friends, who accuse him of being a dictator. those who hate him and want to remove him from the throne.
The Commission said it had issued the order to find out the reason for the negligence of the relevant department which led to the deaths of these five people.
CEO Ajay Gause said that there is a difference in the working methods between the Zila Panchayat and the District Council because here the development works are implemented by the District Council while in the Zila Panchayat they are implemented through the CEO appointed by the District Council. state government.
Indu Dev Sahni, 40, of Jhalupara, Beat House, died on the way to Nazareth Hospital at 11:40 pm. before arriving at the clinic.
Therefore, jewelry plays an important role in the lives of women because it can make them feel special, make them feel beautiful and beautiful.
According to Bah Pala, the emergence of the BJP candidate has counted his vote from Jaintia Hills but he admitted that this will not affect him as he can win more votes from other places. .
In order for the public to understand, let us take a look at the income statement of MeECL, to understand the income and expenditure of the Corporation.
The journey, which takes 50 minutes, costs $5.5 billion, or $550 million per minute.
Although the British Government won peacefully, but the struggle between the Dohlieh and the Khasi Hima, has reminded us of the courage, selflessness and unwavering character of the leaders of the Jaidbynriew, even in the great powers of the Khasi Hills. world.
He will command the Jews and the world to worship him, who is Lucifer the devil and Satan.
Gadkari said the government wants the land owners to cooperate and not delay the land so that the work can go smoothly. He said that the government will ensure that the roads are clean and will not allow corruption to spread. the government will give severe punishment to those responsible.
But Babylon tells us that there was a mighty ancient kingdom, the Assyrian Empire, which wanted to rule alone and dominate the world.
Saljagring M Marak, District Sports Officer, Tura, said that many events were held in the track and field which were divided into different categories such as Under 14, 16, 18 including men and women.
“We have read in the newspapers and in many cases we see that the machines are lyngkrang or malfunctioning, the medicines used to distribute to the public are not available but the truth is that there are still few. “It's not like we're going to be able to sell drugs worth billions of rupees,” said the High Court.
Any kur which does not have a male parakur who is a mynder from an area within the boundary of the hima shall be appointed by any rangbah kur with the knowledge of the syiem hima or lyngdoh kynderm. The Dorbar Dalariti shall have the right to exercise its authority and to exercise its authority.
The residents of Nadiar Par, suspected the movement of dozens of trucks with a full load of rice, and immediately informed the police. to the police.
East Garo Hills Police on Tuesday arrested a man for kidnapping a child inside his car and charged him with attempted murder.
As soon as he heard those words from his father, Ksan, who was a child and still wanted to go to school, became sad and cried.
“The government should implement the MRSSA without delay, it should not delay and it will be amended later,” he told reporters after meeting with the CoMSO leaders. According to Dr Mukul, the Inner Line Permit (ILP) is too narrow and not suitable for implementation.
We Jaintia, Khasi and Garo people should demand 80 percent of the employment, so that the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people will have an intensive apple from the central government to get jobs in our state. percent for the general.
Both sides agreed to further strengthen ties between them to ensure that the border remains peaceful.
" I promised I was married.
JACATAM Chairman ED Nongsiang said that the teachers do not want to talk to the Commissioner and Secretary because every time they talk, no decision can be taken and it is just a sit-down and drink. .
“In the last MP election, we had worked together with all the parties to support the UDP candidate but this time, according to the political situation, we feel There is a need for cooperation between the UDP and the HSPDP and to strengthen the RDA”.
She also said that the addiction to alcoholic beverages such as alcohol, marijuana and drugs has become an incurable disease and has spread regardless of gender, at any level. from any nation that affects physical and mental health.
Lajong have lost four times in the SPL so far this season and are currently in sixth position.
This was announced in a statement sent by AJMW&LU General Secretary, CEC Jowai Dapherborn N Suchiang and President AJMW&LU Civil Sub Div, Army Mulat.
At the same time, he was one of the founders of the Jaintia Youth Welfare Association in Jowai and was the first President of the Association.
He explained to the children about the importance of time, the importance of following the preparation time and other important issues on how to use time properly.
But she kept all these things in her heart.
The victims were identified as Rakki CH Sangma, DFM, Lekikhain Ryngkhlem, Havilder Dondiram Marak, said the CSWO. , Bipul Rabha and Manshanstar Nongdhah.
The state, which has the best stadiums in Bhubaneswar, Cuttack and Rourkela, has also become one of the states with the best sports venues in the country.
If we don't take good care of the meat, every ksew or miaw will come and eat it and there are times when we have kept it well we forget to close the door where the ksew or miaw can steal.
Sandhu is 21 years old.
The Foundation has also lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, the MSPCB and the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB).
The incident took place at Mawten village in South West Khasi Hills District.
Another issue is the issue of employment, which the KSU has demanded from the Chief Engineer to ensure that companies should not employ foreigners or bring in foreigners so that the youth who have not yet found jobs in this area cannot be used.
U Bah Ardent is a man who knows well the suffering of the youth.
In an effort to meet the needs of health facilities, the Minister informed that the implementation of the three-year license to renovate all health facilities in the state will resume in 2024-2 T.500 crore in the first phase, Civil Hospitals in all district headquarters and 100 other service centers will be put forward. The government has planned to recruit up to 300 nurses and technicians and this will ensure that treatment such as ICUs and blood storage units can be operational.
“We also have a school here that teaches not only dance but also music.
At the same time, he said that the area in Mawphlang is more windy, cold and the houses have to be maintained regularly.
The meeting was also attended by the Minister of Home Affairs – Amit Shah.
Such behavior is not good for public administration and the procedures relating to these laws.
He requested the Police Department to be more vigilant against such incidents and not to allow them to happen again.
Immediately after the incident, several ambulance vehicles rushed to the scene as soon as they received information about the incident.
A film was also shown which explains the ownership of the indigenous people, the right to land.
“The Bench also noted that if there is any shortcoming, this complaint in the coming days, the complainant or any member of the public can knock on the door of the Court.
Look at the coal, oil, shyiap, medicinal plants, mawshynrut, good agriculture in your areas – Bhoi, War, Khynriam, Pnar.
Rabindranath Tagore is tall and cannot make anyone.
The meeting held on the same day expressed its strong opposition to the negligence and negligence of MePDCL to the residents of Mawkyrwat area in handing over the electricity supply in South West Khasi Hill to this company from Orissa. The residents and village leaders at the meeting decided that if MePDCL does not make public the Memorandum of Understanding between it and FEDCO and if it does not, They said that the company will not allow FEDCO to operate in the South West Khasi Hills District.
For the Jaitbru and Ri Tkut, my soul is not able to pass.
About 350 students were also able to recognize their talents through the programme.
No camera or mobile phone will be allowed to be carried at the polling stations and those who go to poll must follow the rules and regulations laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Speeches were also delivered by the office bearers of all the units and circles on their working methods.
Through this meeting with the Committee, a demand was made from the State Government to upgrade the Eastern Ri Bhoi College at Bhoirymbong to a fully functioning Government College.
In the arrest of these drug traffickers, police found that two husbands did not know what their husband was doing. They were with a small child and this affected them but they had to arrest them.
The three MLAs whom the KSU has pointed out are Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, MM Danggo and Pynshngain N Syiem who are currently with the government which does not want to implement the ILP. Rowel Lyngdoh MLA Mawkyrwat received 6024 votes (26.13%). The NCP received only 98 votes (0.43%) but those who supported ILP received 6024 votes (26.13%). HSPDP-5050 (21.90), NPP-4459 (21.64), UDP-1371 (5.95), KHNAM-924 (4.01) The KSU has not yet received any information whether the LJP supports or opposes the ILP. The KSU has said that the Mawkyrwat constituency has 16,794 votes (72.84%). Those who supported ILP, but those who did not support ILP were only 6,122 (26.56%).
In another match, South Korea beat Portugal 2-1
Shillong: The Chairman of the CoHSO, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, in a statement, has expressed his surprise that the law enforcement agencies have not allowed the media to report on illegal protests such as the strike. public information meetings and others.
Shillong, Nailur 19: In the past few years, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, has been very fond of singing, and he has a beautiful voice to sing. He performed at several public meetings.
It has less than 2 members because it has only 8 members because according to the law, there must be 10 members in a house of 60 members to be recognized as the opposition.
“If you ask me whether the Government will go ahead with the proposal, the proposal is clear because as I said from the first day, the relocation will have to happen no matter what,” said Bah. Prestone talking to reporters.
Shillong, June 21: The Bouncer Association of Meghalaya (BAM) on Friday honored the 10th Anniversary of the death of its Vice President, Bah Kenedy Warlarpih. They have brought fame and glory to Meghalaya at a meeting held at Shillong Press Club.
The Leo Expo promises to bring to the residents of the Pine City, a more surprising and exciting way of paying for everyone.
I was shocked and understood that I was being shrieh.
The Cabinet meeting has also arranged for government ministers and MLAs to raise the flag in all districts and sub-divisions in the state on the Republic Day on the 26th of this month.
The number of people living with HIV in East Khasi Hills is 2611, West Jaintia Hills – 2441, East Jaintia Hills – 1976, Ri-Bhoi – – 210, South West Khasi Hills – 115, West Khasi Hills – 112, West Garo Hills – 111, East Garo Hills – 23, North Garo Hills – 17, South West Garo Hills – 19, South Garo Hills – 18 and so on – 200.
The Ri Bhoi Police are conducting an investigation into the incident to find out the cause of the incident and take action according to the rules of law.
From Shillong to Nongstoin it used to take more than 4 hours but now it takes only 2 hours.
“We have discussed carefully and considered the recommendation of the High Level Committee (HLC) headed by former government minister Bino M Lanong that the ILP cannot be implemented,” he said. Mukul Sangma while talking to reporters after the opening of the MUA meeting at his residence with the participation of 38 MLAs. “We will have to follow the orders of the Supreme Court and High Court which have banned such protests,” he said. responding to a question from journalists who asked whether the government would call for talks with the civil society to end the ongoing protests.
Jayshree Singh (105 not out) beat West Jaintia Hills DCA by 149 runs at Umbuda in Ri-Bhoi in Zone 1 (Group-B). North Garo Hills DCA won by eight wickets at Salpara in Zone
However, it is necessary to look back, how it has been when the Congress has been in power since 1976, and so on.
Khliehriat, July 03 : The Chief Minister District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2023, East Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday started with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District. District Sports Officer Abhilash Barnawal, IAS, inaugurated and hoisted the flag of the tournament which was organized by the District Sports Officer EJHD in collaboration with the East Jaintia District Sports Association (EJDSA).
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Bah Hamlet said that Mylliem Constituency is rich in children and youth players, especially in the field of football.
Rida's sorrow for that incident appeared on her face one day while she was going to meet her beloved friend at her house. “Why, Rida, are you worried and worried now?
Shillong, July 14: The Court Yard Marriott Hotel, the largest hotel in the North East, has been inaugurated today. In India.
“He (Dr.Lamb) was struck by the general air of cheerfulness and ease prevalent among the people.
Although Messi scored the first goal in the second half through a penalty, Malcom scored the winning goal in the 88th minute.
Therefore, the question is how they managed to pass through so many gates if it was not for the involvement of someone.
The elections in Telangana were held earlier after the Chief Minister of the state, UK Chandrashekhar Rao, ended the term of the current Assembly last month.
THIED BIANG ÏA KA JINGSHANIAH U PAIDBAHIn many Khep, the Khasi talk quietly if there is a Jingtharai who has been killed or has been given Bih or Kynbad, or if they have lost their destiny or if there is something wrong. they have taken the law into their own hands.
She recalled that Sohra was the first village to start mining coal since the British.
He also alleged that the current Meghalaya Lokayukta Act has looted and destroyed the important provisions of the Lokpal and Lokayukta Act of Parliament.
The RBYF also expressed its concern that as Ri Bhoi is a place with power plants, but the people are facing problems due to the increasing power outages and especially affecting the youth. readers who have to prepare books and minutes in reading.
Jowai: The JHADC today signed a Memorandum of Understanding between the JHADC and the Dolloi to empower the Dolloi to collect revenue from the people of Jaintia Hills especially. agricultural products from the forest as well as Shyiap, Mawria and others.
It is worth mentioning that the holding of the CUET examination on that day has caused a lot of trouble which has affected thousands of students.
He said that they are aware that all activities have been suspended due to the closure of agriculture, trade and traffic due to the implementation of health rules to the prevention of the spread of this disease.
At the same time, he said they will hold talks with MeECL officials before collecting the information they have received before handing it over to the government.
The current area of ​​the stadium is about 52,000 square feet and the Committee has informed that the work will start soon as soon as the weather permits. The committee has already received the first installment of T.5 lakh from the scheme of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
Secy, of the Children's League.
On the evening of 29th November at 5:30 pm, pedestrians in Nongpoh township, were shocked by the explosion of pataka bombs at a place where explosives such as bombs were sold. firecrackers and bombs.
In the 40+Men single, Y Shubhas Chandra (Manipur) and M Basanta Kr Singh (Mizoram) won the second prize.
The assistance is not only for consumers, but also for insurers and banks.
The program was organized by the Bureau of Parliamentary Studies and Training in the Lok Sabha for the MLAs of the 4th Legislative Assembly especially those who have just won MLA elections. Speaker of the House Dr Donkupar Roy.
He said that the state government is willing to take advantage of the land availability for the development of trade and connectivity.
He said that the demand for money has started to disappear after the talks with the HNLC.
The Special Observer expressed his satisfaction with the improvement of the working methods of the Central and State Governments and at the same time directed them to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the Election Commission. in the conduct of election-related activities.
Regarding the suspicion of death of pigs, not only the Cooperative Society has expressed its deep sorrow over the pig farming industry, but according to information received, there are many pig farmers in Ri Bhoi District. The death of pigs and as pig farmers have expressed their disappointment to continue raising pigs, because this death of pigs does not benefit them anymore as those pig farmers where most of the time only to benefit the pigs. sudden death and which is also a great loss for them to continue doing this work.
Two Rangbah Shnongs and the President of the Truck Owners Association of Jaintia Hills are still missing.
The MUA-II government has passed an ordinance in the last dorbar to empower the PSs but the Governor has not yet signed the ordinance.
New Delhi: The Cabinet Secretary and the Ministry of Home Affairs have held regular talks with the Chief Secretaries and DGPs of the States.
“We thank God for leading us in this journey, we also thank the staff of the Wildlife Department for giving permission and guiding the group and the groups who will take part in this journey. “It's a walk,” said Bah Suchiang.
Women are different from men psychologically.
After 10.9.1971, Meghalaya wrote to the Chief Minister of Assam to set a date for a meeting to complete the transfer of Block I from Mikir Hills Assam to Jaintia Hills Meghalaya. On the other hand, the Chief Minister-Sinha of Assam has tried to avoid from time to time to meet and complete the work related to Block I. Chief Ministers of both Meghalaya and Assam have come and gone but the work of transferring Block I from Mikir Hills (now Karbi-Anglong) to Jaintia Hills has not yet reached anywhere. When will the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and the Chief Minister of Assam meet to discuss the return of Block I from Karbi-Anglong Assam? to Jaintia Hills Meghalaya which is the rightful part of Jaintia Hills.
This shows the rapid increase in the number of people who have the opportunity to work as nurses abroad.
"It may be recalled that Aibullin Mylliem has lodged a complaint against the Sordar of Kut on 9th June 2019 to the Officer Incharge of Mawryngkneng Police Station. and they went to burn my house.
He said that as a young MP, he will speak and advocate for the welfare of the people of the state and the development of the state.
The DS Mawlai Phudmuri has elected the Rangbah Shnong after the death of former Rangbah Shnong Silvester Kurbah, which has reached 10 years and 10 months. 24 November, 2021.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the training at Sohmynting, the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District said that such trainings should help to improve the income of the participants. with training.
He served as the Rangbah Shnong of Laitumkhrah from 1983 to
After listening carefully, Lydia's father and mother were very happy and happy... ““To khun, we are so happy... It doesn't matter if they are really happy, we are happy too” he said. said Lydia's father. That day they all stayed at home because they didn't want to leave their homes because of what had just happened that night.
Furthermore, the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) will also hold public awareness meetings in many parts of the district where the Oil Marketing will also give explanations. Companies (OMCs) regarding who can apply for the scheme and also how to use the curfew and others.
Musniang Senior School (EJHD) has been appointed by Govt.
PM-Vishwakarma is a scheme launched by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to assist garment manufacturers and skilled people in various handicrafts to support themselves. and stand upon your feet.
In the fourth match, Precious Tang scored the goals in the 7th, 16th, 36th and 44th minutes while Madan Thadmuthlong beat Nangbah Khlopano 12-0 Samsauru Papiah in the 15th, 27th and 38th minutes, Sumar Tang in the 53rd minute, Francis Sumer in the 62nd and Phermi Suchiang in the 63rd minute.
When we look back at some of the companies and factories that have set up operations in Meghalaya, we see that most of the unemployment goes to foreigners, not to the indigenous people.
“The HYC strongly opposes the re-appointment by the MTDC of a retired person and the payment of him the same salary while he is in office.
After being appointed Principal, he handed over the Normal School to Rev. JC Evans.
In the complaint lodged with the Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills on the 15th of this month, Bah Embhahlang also included the photographs and articles spread on the pages. Facebook' of Tei La Tynrai and "The Children of the Country"
But if you really believe that God is in heaven, on earth and everywhere, then don't think and believe that He is only within the one who receives the Son of God Jesus.
Let us learn from the stories of history.
There will be 111 matches at 11 different venues in the tournament, which comes after two years of suspension following the outbreak of Covid-1
When we think of the age of man today, it is very sad to think that God has shortened the days of age by 80 years, because he is strong, and moreover, he cannot do anything else.
However, in West Bengal or in other states, this is not the case.
JOWAI: The Superintendent of Police, Bah Lakador Syiem, today announced that the traffic rules have been changed on the polling day for the election of MDCs to the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC).
These are the reasons why other people from all over the country have come to visit this village and places in the area.
After these developments, it soon seems that the dream of having its own university in Meghalaya is about to come true and until it does, it will fall under the management of the Central Agriculture University, Imphal, Manipur. .
He said the Meghalaya government has worked with various autonomous councils to take the lead in various areas related to the cultures and traditions of the indigenous peoples of the state.
“The VPP urges the Minister to read the policy carefully until he understands it before saying anything on this,” said the statement.
US President Donald Trump has expressed his satisfaction with the resurrection of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, despite the news of his death. it has spread all over the world.
Please watch this video:.
According to the records, the price of petrol has been increased to T.67.89 tyngka and once again on 1st March, 2014 the price of petrol has been increased to T.67.89 tyngka and diesel to T.67.89 tyngka. T.53.91 rupees.
“We have understood the mistake and want to proceed according to the law as directed by the KHADC. We have informed the Council authorities,” said Bah Pyniaid.
There were 30 children in the class.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) has arrested four suspects for allegedly involvement in illegal activities related to jihadi rebel groups.
Revelation 13:5.1 Thessalonians 2:1-4
It is also alleged that the woman's husband has raped her several times in the past months and months.
Hopefully this decision will be fully implemented so that it will be a blessing to the farmers who earn their living by this job to support their families and educate their children who are the future of tomorrow. of our small nation, to improve others' employment opportunities in the field of income generation and so on.
When clashes broke out between the Khasi and the Nepalis, the Assam Police in Langpih attacked the Nepalis and arrested the Khasi, took them to Boko and set them along.
During these more than 2000 years the Gentile world has heard about Jesus whether they believe it or not is up to them and God, because God does not force man.
Fortunately, there is a Jesus who is ready to help and lighten the burdens of people.
“Any struggle without solutions is futile and destroys the body and soul”.
State of Punjab," in which the Supreme Court has ruled that the share applies to jobs or posts, not only to vacancies.
“Sport is essential in a person's life, because it not only gives a person a healthy body but also helps to build a lot of spiritual training,” said Bah Andrew.
Let us look below at some of the roles that fishermen played when they went fishing:When we look at the Old Testament about Saul's disobedience “Then Samuel said, The Lord is pleased ma in burnt offerings and sacrifices as in obeying the word of the Lord? Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat of rams. (1 Samuel 15:22).
If we asked only 10 residents of the market whether they trust the police department, inevitably many of them would say 'yes' they do not.
Of course, one who has been married should strive to maintain and improve the relationship between the husband and wife, but it is inevitable that here and there there are disagreements for many reasons and it is not right to conclude that it is the woman who doesn't know that she is a fool who builds the house.
Everyone who wants to own, owns all those coal mines, mines and fields.
And the birds of the air did not come near him, because he died quickly.
“At the RRTC training, I was trained to use a ksing according to the government ksing, but I don't have the money to buy it, because it costs up to 2500 rupees,” said Sanki Shylla.
Lamphrang said that the Meghalaya government needs to take action against the Assam government like other states bordering with Assam like Nagaland and Arunachal Pradesh so that Assam It will fall later when these states are united.
Their task is also to welcome players from other states who will start arriving in the state next month.
Indian Super League (ISL) star Redeem Tlang was also present on the occasion.
Kong Wahlang in her speech explained the importance of clean and safe food and drink for the health of the family.
The residents said that besides the increasing number of thefts, the power outage has allowed the thieves to do whatever they want in the darkness of the night.
However, the Central Government has asked the High Court not to put a cream layer on the ST/SC.
Utterance Dey, 2
First, soak the skum in water until it is well drained.
On the other hand, Marcus Lapasam, demanded that the KHADC should immediately remove the Syiem of Raid Marwet, Ken Syiem, for giving a syrnod to Mono Areng to offer to sell the land.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The 108th Assembly of the Church of God Meghalaya and Assam was held at Sohra on Sunday.
The good guy has no qualms about it and is instead happy to hang out with her mother and brother.
Another MDC is Macdalyne S. Mawlong, who won the MDC election from the PDF, but has defected to the NPP. From the Congress, Pynshngaiñ N. Syiem, former CEM and Chairman of KHADC and former MLA of Mawsynram, will contest from Nongpoh Constituency.
All the costs of services have to be borne by these companies.
Talks have been held with the Central Government, but they have not produced any fruit.
“The Government should recognize them because the Government cannot track down every tourist and if someone causes illness, the problem is ours.
Smith is ready to lead the team to the tournament in a few overs after not being able to take over for five years and now he will lead the team once again when they face They will play three matches against India starting on the 17th of this month.
Four of the deaths were from East Khasi Hills, two from Ri Bhoi and one from West Khasi Hills.
These medicines were purchased by the government under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scheme and the cost of these medicines from 2010-2012 has reached T.4.25 crore.
Besides, the department has also had to pay more than Rs 35 lakh to the owners of petrol pumps for fuel for the vehicles.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) in a statement today through its General Secretary, Samla Emperor Bareh, has strongly opposed the decision of the DHS to select students to study. Doctor through the entrance examination conducted by this department.
He said that the strike may be due to the closure of the dam as the workers are also from outside Nongstoiñ.
Leader of the Opposition in the Rajya Sabha, Mallikarjun Kharge, said that women in Manipur are being raped, tortured and people are being killed, why is the Prime Minister Narendra Modi silent.
The total number of recoveries is 27,130 and the death toll is
So far, 1,479 cases have been confirmed in Sylhet Division, 849 from Sylhet District, 270 from Sunamganj, 208 from Habiganj and 152 from Moulvibazar, he said.
“However, on the 9th of June, Bin Raliang (who was the Rangbah Shnong at that time) came with his friends to attack again by cutting down all the trees. sieve.
Thomas June decided to teach and understand the Sohra language and later he learned to speak the Sohra language fully.
The recent arrest of 2 (two) former leaders of the 2 (two) 'Ieit Ri Ieit Jaitbynriew' parties has confirmed what we have always suspected.
The Sengbhalang has decided to hold this flag raising ceremony as a sign of strong protest against the government's silence on the transfer of the Deputy Commissioner and Additional Superintendent of West Jaintia Hills.
The work has progressed and we need to give time to the search committee so that any steps they take for this purpose will be in the right direction,” said Kong Ampareen. and journalists.
The Home Ministry immediately wrote to Gandhi, demanding that he explain within two months about his English citizenship.
“There are some cases that are about evil.
They also said that in the past, in the past, when implementing any work whether it is in the field of roads and construction works, companies from Meghalaya have come to implement any work. Dhar Construction Company has done a lot of work outside the state, but since the establishment of this company, many jobs have been done by this company which is a source of pride and honor not only for the management of this company, but also for the state. Even the state owners have been able to do many jobs which in the past were almost impossible to do by the locals and these days through the existence of this company many of them have been able to do the jobs. The development projects have been carried out through this company which has also benefited the people of the state.
It has been proven that for many churches it is not difficult to convert.
Ryntih SC took the lead with two goals in the first half through Arbis Kharkongor in the 14th minute and Ebormi Buam in the 39th minute. Laban side, although they fought hard to score, didn't manage until the end of the first half.
He said that they have met many times with the Minister in charge of Housing, Zenith Sangma but every time he says that we know your problems and he says that they will “There will be new schemes but until now we have not seen those new schemes,” said Bah Teilang.
“The election of the people's trust in Dr Donkupar cannot be explained because to win seven times is no longer easy,” said Bindo.
The Association has decided to hold this training on the 7th June, 2022 at the Ingdorbar of Iewmaw Village starting at 10 pm.
He said that if the party finds out all the facts, it will not hesitate to expose the corruption in the department.
In another incident, the Shillong-Pynursla-Dawki road has turned into a lyhuh wah at Lyngkyrdem village due to heavy rainfall. they stand.
Methods of destruction by force and violence are only weapons of oppression and violence.
Recently, the Seng Khasi Mawsynram has demanded that the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) should remove the book 'Diengjat Ki Longshwa' written by Fr J. Bacchiarello SDB from Italy was published by Don Bosco Book Depot, Shillong because of the teachings of Jesus Christ and Don Bosco.
However, on the other hand, the law does not prohibit women from contesting elections to become members of the Lok Sabha, Rajya Sabha, Legislative Assembly, Legislative Council and Autonomous District Councils. , and to take a part as such legislators.
At the time of the opening of the market, there were at least 200-300 shops and it will be held only on Lyngka. With the intention of holding a daily market in the future like other markets, the Shillong Market and others.
However, as it is now, they don't know that the people of Mawthadraishan constituency have understood and really want to revive the HSPDP. part to protect the Khasi people.
Those who have passed in this line of study can travel around the world without going for interview but get placement from the place where they study.
Among the many people who are involved in these situations, some try to find a special talent and use it effectively, in order to support their families and daily lives.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 05: The Minister of Mawkyrwat, Bah RR Lyngkhoi on Saturday inaugurated the MGNREGS scheme implemented under the 2021 MGNREGS scheme at Phot Mawpon. - 2022 from the office of the Block Development Officer, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, at a cost of T.33,08,435 lakh which was implemented from 17th July, 2021 and completed in the month of June, 2022.
Sadou Assam Karmachari Parishad (SAKP) President Basab Kalita has said that all government employees in Assam will strike on November
This is because there is another truth and that is that women are weak.
The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, which ended today, also passed the Meghalaya Identification, Registration and Security Bill 2020 and also the Amendment Bill .
He said the government will ensure a fair trial for the victims of the shooting incident on 22nd November and the Meghalaya government has decided to request the CM to send an inquiry to the NIA. The CBI has investigated the deaths of four civilians and a forest guard of Assam.
After receiving a tip, the police under the leadership of the Superintendent of Police (SP) visited the District Hospital (DH) Longleng for treatment. don’t investigate.
“This time we have sent letters to 60 MLAs to inform them that these workers are facing problems. The 108 Ambulance is available across the constituencies and to know what these employees are facing under the management of foreign companies and to raise these issues in the Legislative Assembly,” she said.
Last month, BSF troops arrested two arms dealers and seized 540 billion rupees of kyiad, timber worth T.2 lakh and other illegal goods. which amounted to T.3 lakh.
Khamshwa, brother.
Only after the elections they started to lead Kai even to heaven at the end of themselves.
There are times when heavy vehicles carrying goods, which are very slow to pass, suddenly fall on the side of the road, especially the vehicles carrying patients, which come and go. day as well as emergency transport vehicles, to reach their destinations.
He said the NPP's support through Agatha Sangma for the CAA 2019 has affected not only Meghalaya but the entire North East and the NPP's support for the Resolution to implement ILP. in Meghalaya is only to stir up the protests of the people of the state.
On the other hand, the Minister in charge of Education, Lakmen Rymbui, said that the board examinations will continue at the same time.
The French, after their victory, were able to take over the rule of the indigenous people.
“The KHADC has faced problems due to the lack of sufficient leaders and this vacancy should be filled,” he said.
Also present were Alan Niangti and LD Lakiang, President and Secretary of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai.
In his speech, Dr Mukul said that this scheme is not a new scheme, but an existing scheme, but how to improve income generation and at the same time to protect the environment.
The statement that agriculture is the source of income is true.
Now we see that these tribals from other states have become increasingly influential in different parts of the area and perhaps the village leaders of Nongthymmai area have seen this well. , because they have already experienced and encountered for themselves, the living conditions and the entry and exit of these peoples.
The foreigner asked for time to bring the documents that are not yet available.
He also urged the people not to listen to other political parties with valuable words and to believe in dignified politics and not to insult and insult other political parties. earth.
Meanwhile, the Jowai Waheh Union Union has not yet decided to suspend cooperation with the district administration.
The JAC strongly condemns the EM's actions alone without the knowledge of the EC and questioned his relationship with Meghalaya Agrovet.
The Nongstoiñ Diocese strongly condemns these terrible incidents against the Catholic faith.
“The SC has set a limit and does not allow any allocation for any Tribe/Caste more than 50%.
There are 172 cases, including 100 cases from East Khasi Hills and 99 cases from civilians.
Under the ToD Tariff, the tariff during the day (up to five hours a day as specified by the State Electricity Regulatory Commission) is 10%-20% higher than the tariff. peak times will be 10 to 20% cheaper.
“Due to heavy rains, the water level in the rivers in the district has risen.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The North East Special Infrastructure Development Scheme (NESIDS) with an approved allocation of T.8139.50 crore for the period from 2022-23 to 2025-26 has been approved. by the Cabinet, and this is divided into two parts, NESIDS-Road and NESIDS-Other Than Road Infrastructure (OTRI).
Hep said, “Yes, you have used the shet sha.
It is worth mentioning that these students who came to write the CUET examination at NEHU, are those who are competing for the Degree level in the state organized by the Government of India.
On this occasion, awareness was raised on the International Yoga Day 2022 on the theme of Yoga for Humanity.
I don't know why you don't want to bring UCC to Meghalaya.
In addition, the Seng has also proposed to appoint authorized leaders to lead the discussion.
Wanri received the award on 27th June at a function held at the University of Science and Technology, Kiling, Ri-Bhoi district.
After the KSU members entered the room, there was a heated argument between the CEM and the KSU members but in the end the CEM relented and talked to the KSU members about their work. Member of KSU Lakadong Unit, he also promised to take action on the demands of the KSU.
He visited his hometown in Kerala in November last year (2023).
I support the statement of a resident of Seiñduli who said, “Those who attend church in the 6 churches in Seiñduli do not go to worship God, but they just want to compete, whose voice is better.
P. Kurbah, Executive Engineer, Water Resource Department, and Nangtiaki Tariang, SDO, West Jaintia Hills, expressed their desire to do their best for the benefit of the farmers in Pynthornein especially to avoid The fields as well as the rice fields have been affected by the heavy rainfall and flooding of the Myntdu River.
On the other hand, the drivers expressed their gratitude for being able to travel and earn as usual and hoped that this conflict between the two states will be resolved soon.
Therefore, in this regard, the union has given 5 days to the company to employ youths from the area at the Toll Plaza and if the company does not respond to this demand, , the party will also take more stringent measures, he added.
Maremdor scored 34 runs off 26 balls including three fours and a six, while Namewanki was the unbeaten batsman for 12 runs.
Sonia Gandhi took over as interim president in 2019, after the resignation of Rahul Gandhi, following the Congress' defeat in the Lok Sabha elections that year.
Speech was also delivered by the DC of Eastern West Khasi Hills, Bah G.Kharmawphlang, who reminded that the Khasi people have been clean since ancient times. They have forgotten this glory which they have received by breaking the cord.
Shillong: Following the victory of the protest against the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 (CAB), the North East Student Organization (NESO) in a statement, Chairman Samuel Jyrwa and General Secretary Sinam Prakash Singh, The Government of India should not introduce any laws or policies that affect the indigenous peoples of the North East.
MPCC President Vincent H. Pala, Charles Marngar and many other Congress leaders from Mawhati Constituency were present.
“The State Bank of India has the trust of the people, the skills to provide services and the number of branches across the country. “The Minister said that in the North East, there are still many banks who still need banks to provide services to the people. urge the banks to work together with the state governments.
There is no irregularity, I know that.
The grand finale will also be held on the occasion of Don Bosco's Day which is celebrated every 31st July.
Prestone Tynsong, u Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that the number of vaccine recipients in the district is very low and the people are still afraid or doubtful about the vaccine. He said that the people should be ready to take precautionary measures to protect themselves and others from the disease, adding that the district authorities have prepared up to 48 quarantine facilities. The state government is currently waiting for 42,000 doses of tika medicines in the district to make it easier for the people to get the medicines. aged 18 to 45 years.
The struggle of the MGSPHSVA was long and fierce.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, the former President of the Khasi Author Society (KAS), Professor SS Majaw said that the stories in the poems written by the prominent poets of the Khasi people such as Professor BR Kharlukhi, Dr. Pascal Malngiang and Bah Oriwell Shullai who wrote poems to express the thoughts of the nation.
To address the financial problems of the people of Jaintia Hills, Ma Thombor said that the Executive Committee has set up two private markets known as Ïaw Muchai Mynsngat and Ïaw Hat, Nonglatem. within Nartiang District.
The Act came into force on 15th July, 2016 and will apply to all states of India except Jammu and Kashmir.
Shangpliang was received by the Chief Minister and National President of the NPP, Conrad K Sangma, Symbud Chief Minister and National Vice President of the NPP, Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister. Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, former Chief Minister and Advisor to the MDA Government Dr DD Lapang and other party leaders.
The war, which began in 1860 and ended in 1863, destroyed Jaintia Hills.
Sanjeev Singh, Regional Director, RBI, Guwahati, Shio Sankar Singh, Zonal Manager, PNB, Guwahati and others.
The march started from the road leading to Rambrai near the State Bank and ended in front of Nongstoiñ Market with a rally.
As you know, a survey by the Government of India has revealed the abundance of this mineral in West Khasi Hills District of Meghalaya.
We will have to call them (Harijan Panchayat Committee).
On the other hand, the KSU Narpuh Circle strongly condemns this incident of violence and demands that the law enforcement authorities should immediately arrest the bloodthirsty robbers who are involved in this incident. At the same time, the union demands that the government should immediately relocate the BSF troops guarding Sonapyrdi Bridge and said that this patrolling of these BSF troops is illegal, in fact they are soldiers. The BSF should have taken action to curb crime in the border areas but they came to patrol the NH-6 at Sonapyrdi.
It will speak for our people.
This training program is a combination of physical, mental and team strength.
Before submitting her resignation letter, Roshan Warjri had met with MPCC President DD Lapang and after that she went to Dr Mukul's room.
It is alleged that Ma Suting entered the polling station and closed the door and told the election officials to end the polling because the time has expired, but they did not. The crowd in line was angry with him and shouted and threw him outside.
Shillong, March 25: Police in East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday night arrested two persons and seized drugs worth Rs 20 lakh and a vehicle.
“This recognition makes us happy and encourages each and every member of JJA to work harder in the field of journalism,” said Ma Nongrum.
These 6 villages have withdrawn their opposition to the Public Hearing of Star Cement which will be held on 30/01/2020, and I as the Waheh Shnong have nothing to say.
Sohniamtra is considered to be one of the most productive crops in Meghalaya, covering an area of ​​10,000 hectares and producing 50,000 metric tonnes per annum.
Surprisingly, this quota was implemented on 12th July, 1972 while Meghalaya became a full state on 21st July,
But the Gospel accounts also include his resurrection from the dead.
This protest will last for three days.
A father and two of his sons involved in the Easter Sunday attack in Sri Lanka were shot dead when the country's military raided their home in two days. earlier.
Pradip Kumar Baneerjee, coach of St Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, the first school in Meghalaya to win the Subroto Mukherjee Cup in 1978, has passed away. on Thursday in Kolkata.
Reachingson Kongwang, president and founder of the club said that this is the first time that Darrang village has been able to celebrate this special day of love by holding this program near the Umngot River.
It was in the years 1978-79 that I decided to go to All India Radio, Shillong because I remembered the sounds of the duitara from Parad Haridon Lyngdoh Mawphlang in all the colors of Sohra.
In the women's doubles, Sreeja Akula and Ayhika Mukherjee of RBI won the title by defeating RSPB Sarkar and Prapti Sen 3-11, -9, 11-5, 12-10 “The 10th is special, and I am happy at this moment that I have won my first title,” said Sharath.
The absence of the village leaders from Mukroh village to meet the Chief Minister of Meghalaya recently has also raised doubts about the attitude of the NPP-led MDA Government on the border issue.
Shillong, Nailur 12 : The Minister of State for C&RD, Bah Hamletson Dohling on Monday said that the Central Government has now approved the implementation of the 100 days bill scheme or MGNREGS in the census towns. the state.
“I am very happy to have him as Symbud Lamphang,” he said.
Four other persons arrested along with the policeman are Bikunjoy Longmailai, Horizon Gayari, Tapan Baishya and Joy Sonawal.
The PRS Legislative Research has shown how Agatha Sangma has worked during her tenure as MP and Agatha Sangma's turnout in Parliament is 49 percent. its participation in the House is free and the presentation of matters for discussion is free.
Earlier, the source said that a meeting was convened by the Sengbhalang on Tuesday last month, in which the chiefs of Sohra and Shella, the two FKJGP and KSU as well as the Union of Village Youth Organizations of Sohra, and at this meeting a Joint Action Committee was formed and it was decided to convene a public meeting on the 29th June, , reports reported.
It may be recalled that according to a statement sent by the HYC Ri-War Shella Circle in the past few days, it has admitted that it has visited Lafarge and the companies or contractors working under the company. The HYC on 10th November 2014 to find out whether they have proper documents and during the inspection the HYC admitted that it found that Saumya Mining Limited is operating with a trading license which has been issued. as well as employees of Lafarge and other companies within Lafarge who number more than 300 employees, many of whom do not have proper documents.
Advisor to the Ukrainian Presidential Office Mykhailo Podoliak said during the talks in Turkey, “The talks focused on many issues.
Fanatic : means to be too strong without knowing what is right or wrong and fanatic is to shoot the khawyiang after drinking alcohol.
Pariat urged the students to keep in mind what they have learned so that they can showcase to the world their talents. their.
He said the Assam police have collected evidence on the involvement of the DTO and have requested the assistance of the Meghalaya police.
Also present on the occasion were Fr Ferdinand Dkhar, Administrator of Jowai Diocese, Fathers who used to work in the Parish (Mowkyndeng), Salesian Fathers, Fathers and Sisters and others.
At the same time, he said that the preparations for the 39th National Games to be held in 2022 in the state, have gone smoothly and all the departments have worked together.
Bindo said that if the Governor does not listen to the government, why should he not become the Prime Minister?
Referring to the appointment of Ministers after two and a half years, the Prime Minister said that so far only the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and HSPDP have already resolved this issue.
Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnong and Secretary of Laitpynter Shnong, Bah Manioj Kurbah and Bah Pitles Kurbah.
DTH operators, who agree to share the DTH platform and transport stream of TV channels, will be allowed.
The worst affected areas are Tamabil and Dawki.
He added that in recognition of the success and hard work of those working in the state, the government will implement 300 mini processing and mini cold storage units across the state.
The benefit for me is that I get to sit with her especially that I get experience from how she sings.
The State Project Office has also requested the NIOS to increase the number of NIOS training camps in the State to include the remaining districts.
Paul said Ardent doesn't like the flag of the HSPDP which is similar to the flag of France, which has the same red, white and blue colours. colors in the flag are represented by representation.
The Lyngdoh of the Raij, Rangbah Linus Lyngdoh, explained that after many Christians became Christians, no one knew how to pray and pray properly and that is why the Sajer dance was banned.
“In the current Job Reservation Policy, which is 40% for Khasi and Jaintia, 40% for Garo, 15% for General and 5% for Other Schedule Tribes and Schedule Castes, even if our share is 5% but the reality is only 2% if not less because we have to share with the Scheduled Castes and other ethnic groups from outside the state like Nagas, Mizos and others,” she said.
I didn't hesitate to answer, Yes! And what I'm saying is right-pa-right.
“If you look, this is the picture of ISIS and now this is the picture, until last night,” he said.
When they put on the crown of wisdom, they will be happy and healthy.
Two HSPDP MLAs, Bah Methodius Dkhar and Bah Shakliar Warjri, had been together since this morning in the group to lead the UDP to form a new government, but their sudden disappearance has surprised the UDP. the party leader.
The drug was carried by a woman inside her car.
“After receiving a detailed report from the Consultant and the team, we will be ready to build this new bridge.
Hek also admitted that the two AITC MLAs have said that they don't mind joining the BJP, but they will have to look into it first.
On the other hand, Bah Ribanroilang said that he has filed a complaint against the KHADC in the High Court of Meghalaya. Raid Shabong, General Secretary of the Longtrai Women's Association.
Students at TISS-Mumbai have questioned why the Khasi states, which have signed these agreements and promises, do not participate or are not members of the District Councils which are the government authorities. to look after the customs and traditions and in what manner there have been members from political parties.
He completed his Master in Social Work from IGNOU, New Delhi.
This method of allocation of funds, known as the 'Bank of Sanction', has been implemented without money and the present government is still trying to pay and clear the bills of the contractors. to a total of Rs.800 crore.
“Do you feel that you are wrong? Where do the correctors find you? It would be good for teachers especially class teachers to explain in detail 'how to prepare for exams and how to write exams' – that's an important tip to help your students and not to worry just when you get a question .
The match on Saturday will be between Nongthymmai SC and Sawmer SC at 3:30 pm.
He said that the TB Hospital in Umsawli has been decided to become a Corona Hospital with 100 beds and the Ganesh Das Hospital will be a Covid treatment center for women and children with 100 beds. sleep.
The speech of Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit when he suspended the speech of the Governor was rejected by the Speaker.
But the child is also happy that he has his own flesh and blood.
Many bodies including humans and animals were also found dead in the incident. It also demanded about 100 tonnes of bleaching powder to be placed in the area so that people will not die from the smell of rotten animals.
These gifts were received by the children of these deceased leaders.
The differences in places do not make a difference in the unity of a nation.
I don't trust you.
Shillong, Nailar 12: U Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of the District Council, today said that there has been no complaint or complaint from the three CEMs of the three District Councils. when directed by the State Government to take the decision and approval of the Governor, before passing any Bill.
At present, thousands of Dkhars and Khyllahs have received trading licenses from the District Councils in the state.
The meeting was also attended by the Sordar of the village, Bah P Sohkhlet, teachers of the school and the Women's Wing.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Law and Justice, SP Singh Baghel, on Tuesday expressed his satisfaction with the low crime rate in Meghalaya. POCSO cases and cases under the Narcotics Acts.
“We will continue to improve the implementation of State programs such as FOCUS, PRIME, YESS Meghalaya, MOTHER, PROGRESS and Home Stay Scheme.
Those who have money or those who have power, how many have been granted bail, while those who have been arrested, have been imprisoned for months or years, because they have no money to pay the fines. and the judges who are called honorable shall be bailed.
“This is the action of the Government of India for the people, the employees in the electricity department across the country have come out to protest against this Bill, as the leaders of the union we want to express “We will wait for the decision of the National Coordination Committee and if this Bill passes, we will not hesitate to strike,” he said.
The house, which was built by the FKJGP, belongs to Blistoria Laloo, was handed over to the woman by Dundee Cliff Khongsit, General Secretary of the FKJGP. The meeting was attended by Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, President of FKJGP, Ri Bhoi, Shanlang Diengdoh, General Secretary, Nangkiew Suhktung and others.
The 57-year-old man, who was released from prison, expressed his happiness that he has been released from prison. about 20 years less he was imprisoned for a crime and crime he had nothing to do with.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Damewanhi L Rymbai, Organizing Secretary of the Voice of the People Party, condemned the incident and condemned the incident. They have been preventing the opposition from entering the public hearing.
at the DC or District Head Quarter, after the cold weather of the spread of COVID-1
Therefore, the residents of this area have to face many problems and last month there was also a death in which a transport vehicle fell into the ground, due to the bad weather. The road and two people lost their lives.
In the U-17 Boys U-17 category, St Francis HSS beat Nehru Memorial SS 1-0 while Umroi SS beat Auxilium 1-0 SS 5-1, Evershine SS beat St. Michael SS 2-1, Umshorshor SS beat Nongjri Presbyterian SS 1-0 and Khrumdiengiei HRS beat 1-0 They beat Maiparbat SS 11-0
Tour openly Mr. John.
The audition will start on 1st June 2023 and end on 31st June 2023 and will be online.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Nirmali Society of Jesus Christ (NSJC) on Tuesday said that the reports that the people sent to Bangalore did not get enough food are not true.
On Tuesday, the High Court of the state postponed the hearing of the case to July
Mewothi Gatphoh, Rtn.
It was after this news that the college authorities decided to call for the second phase of the written test.
He praised the government as well as the Dorbar Shnongs, civil society groups, churches and private individuals who have taken the initiative to work together to fight against COVID-1
The meeting was conducted by Rikut Pareiñ in the presence of former MLA Justine Dkhar, DSP Jason Mairom and Dr. Phervision Nongtdu. KSU, HNYF, FKJGP and EJNC. The office bearers were confirmed by the President of the party, Bah Jersom Shylla who urged the new office bearers to work hard in their service. to the nation.
“NEIGRIHMS aims to expand, by setting ideas to expand the training of students in Medicine, Nursing and other health related courses.
Syiem will contest from Pynthorumkhrah Constituency against the MLA who has won three terms, Alexander Hek.
These days it has become very difficult to enter the market because all the streets have been overcrowded by the vendors and the market has become crowded and no longer a clean and tidy market.
Kiang Nangbah Govt College is looking for a step teacher in Economics, Political Science and English. Applications should be submitted before 7th October 2016 and the interview date will be on 9th October.
However, at the same time, after a while, she resigned from the post as Chairperson.
Speakers included From Rymbai, Secretary Village Council, Ebordame Talang, Former Head Shnong Lambha Dkhar, Member of Chriehruphi Dorbar Dametreo Rymbai, Pynthymmai Suchiang, Banker Rymbai and others.
Speaking to media after a meeting of all three District Councils of the state with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, the CEM said, “The protest against MUDA in 2015 led by The current President of the VPP which was the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma as Prime Minister, we too have taken part in the protest that it is not MUDA that will implement this building byelaws in the city and suburbs.
However, through this initiative to provide special training, in five or sixty years, doctors will be able to work in these remote areas.
Today, there are 48 cases and the highest number of cases is in Sepahijala district, where 430 cases have been reported.
m and the most important thing is to start construction of the two line road from Nongstoin-Rambrai-Kyrshai-Chaigoan 80 k.
The residents also urged the contractor to expedite the construction of this road, so that it will bring real benefits to the people.
“The people have watched the drama here in KHADC. They say that there has been a roadmap to dissolve the UDP. I don't know where that roadmap came from,” he said.
On Friday, Sacheti and others inspected the venue for the National Games 2022 at Umsawli, about 11km from Shillong in the presence of state government officials and others.
The Board of Directors has also decided to hold another large meeting to be held in November this year in Phuket, Thailand.
Those elders and young people began to discuss with each other from time to time, and immediately put forward the theme “It is very necessary to have a group or organization to be a leader, to protect, to protect, to teach, to explain, to guide, to guide and to assist and to protect the kur ki kha who hold fast to the customs and traditions and religions"
If I could, I would go from your village to Nongstoin Tharai and leave here on the 24th. I couldn't go to Calcutta, because there was a lot of killing there and that's why I needed it here.
“At the same time, he said he was pleased to see that the village leaders and political parties have come out to protest in front of the office.
Regarding the support of the NPP, Balajiedkupar expressed his satisfaction and it shows that the MDA government is strong and the support of the NPP will strengthen.
The launch was attended by Ida Rymbai District Informatics Officer, National Informatics Center West Jaintia Hills District, Sister Madona Lytep Principal, Sister Isabella Suja and Former Secretary of the School, Omprakash. Please visit the website.
In the fourth match, Umphyrnai Presbyterian Secondary School beat Mount Gerizim Secondary School 4-2
“We have decided to reduce the blackout to 2 hours a day and this will start from tomorrow and the timing will be decided by MeECL,” he said.
Khliehriat West YWSC and Thangskai Tiger SC have 10 points each without scoring a goal.
If the Company fails to complete the road and the deterioration of the road continues to deteriorate with the passing of the days, the Company will have to take responsibility for the tragic incidents that will happen from time to time. time in the bad places of this highway, because it is through its maintenance in many places.
And in my journey as a writer in many villages of the Khasi Hills, I have not found the heritage of Parom in other places – such as the Krem.
By November, the ECD Mission has been able to produce articles on how to run the work of the Mission which will be distributed to the villages of Meghalaya to help the people. , Village Leaders and Self-Help Groups, to be able to conduct ECD activities. The Mission is currently moving forward to provide training Master Trainers at Cluster Level.
Earlier, the Committee had sought clarification from the complainants who had lodged the complaint against the ST status of Mukul Sangma.
“It is a great and exciting moment to be able to meet the needs of the people of the region,” said the Prime Minister in his speech.
She added that when the youth take part in any competition, they often prepare themselves even in sports.
“As the government, we will support the proposal of up to 75 percent subsidy and provide assistance in terms of requirements, management and support from experts to ensure that their work will be smooth and efficient. " don't say.
Suchiang said that the PWD department will not appoint new Master roles, even if they have retired or died, but those who have worked will continue to work. There shall be no punishment for them.
“The Chairman of the NTA has informed me that they are looking into all the facts of what happened during the examination.
All players scored 230 runs for the loss of 7 wickets.
On Saturday, HSPDP candidate from Mawshynrut, Bah Methodius Dkhar together with party leaders, visited Maweit village to hold a meeting and confirm office bearers from other parties like NPP, Congress, PDF who came to join the party.
This was announced by Bah Ardent in front of the farmers of Thyllaw village in the presence of the Sirdar of Dwara Nongtyrnem Hima, Bah Arwanphai Wanshnong, Rangbah Shnong of Thyllaw Bah Plosterfield Wanshnong, Syiem of Mawsynram Hima. and the Mayor of Mawlyngbna.
At a meeting of the three Autonomous District Councils in Shillong, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Titostarwell Chyne, said that the three councils will discuss the matter after the meeting. The Central Government has sought the opinion of the District Councils.
He urged for cooperation between the police and drivers to make it easier and avoid traffic jams and also to avoid any danger to the passengers.
The State has lost one of the former football players, Bah Shilling Roy Kharlukhi who passed away on Tuesday at his home in Nongrah Pdengshnong.
In Jaintia Hills, the celebration of the Special Day for the Protection and Preservation of the Environment was held in Jowai, Khliehriat, Khliehtyrshi and Mutong.
The CM and the MDA Government as a whole and all the MLAs should be firm in their position to resolve the border issue, according to the principles of the Hima and KHADC and the existence of the Khasi and Garo peoples. in the region.
But, what did the second coming of Jesus mean to the early Christians and what does it have to say today? especially during this time of covid19 which has frightened people? As soon as the plague began to spread in the country, the preaching of the second coming of the Lord sounded loudly and called the people to repentance, renewal of life and preparation to meet the Lord.
According to Mitchell, the quantity of fish imported has reached 15 tonnes and has been sold per kilo at the same price as in the past months. these days in whatever way the market is going.
Until now we still respect the non tribals but if they continue to show their power, the time will come when HANM will kill and shoot these non tribals who live in this beloved country. we.
““I hope that the UDP will win the 2023 elections and win with hard work.
The song is sung by Sunmisha Nongbet and recorded by Skhem L Tron. The song is produced and produced by Mike Denzil of Khasi Studio. .
The speaker of these words is a kind of writer who has spoken only with his mouth without heartfelt conviction as Christians speak today.
The winners will be announced on 05 October
At the same time, he encouraged the young children, although they don't have that right mindset, to be obedient and respectful to their teachers from an early age.
Derek O'Brien also criticized the Meghalaya government for its inability to curb the smuggling of coal, which has prompted the Supreme Court and High Court of Meghalaya to intervene from time to time. The Meghalaya High Court has ordered a thorough search by the Central Police.
On this holy day, Most Rev. Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh, said that the origin and newness of the Catholic Church is told in the Easter Mass, the life, suffering, death and resurrection of the Catholic Church. Jesus Christ.
These rivers flow into the Naga Hills, Khasi & Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills.
Computer equipment such as a central processing unit (CPU), keyboard and computer motherboard were stolen from the room of Rophul, MLA of Rongara Siju.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ronnie urged the youth of the community to study hard in their studies as there are authorities who want to destroy the special status of the communities like Scheduled Tribes, Scheduled Caste. you get.
Singla said the drones were taken back from the teams of the illegal activities department but now they have only one drone worth T.1.25 lakh which was paid from the money. of Corporate Social Responsibility and use it on a daily basis.
The government cannot just look at and leave these fellow citizens without providing proper care for them.
In the first half, two players of Nongrim Hills were sent off for a header and this led Shillong Lajong FC to beat Nongrim Hills 3-1
The Rangbah Shnong of Jhalupara said that in the past there were more Nepalis than Muslims in Jhalupara, but now the Muslims have almost overwhelmed the Nepalis.
Wealth does not remain in the Khasi households, because the inheritance of the property of the parents is held by the family and the last.
When inquiring from some of the drivers of commercial vehicles in Nongstoiñ, they said that they all complain when they go to the office.
He said that it doesn't mean that only those who have received awards are recognized as filmmakers or actors, but once you have made a film, you have acted in a film, you are a filmmaker and you have and I will recognize you as tyngshops and purons.
“For 18 constituencies, the public hearings were held for only five hours, which is impossible,” said Bah Ban.
Sonia Gandhi, Bawan Bansal, Treasurer of the party and UK Vonugopal, General Secretary, took the flag and unveiled it in front of many members who attended the meeting. Later, it was thrown again, when one of the members of the Congress party, climbed back on the flag, to hold the flag firmly on the flag.
Mawlai MLA PT Sawkmie was the chief guest and MDC Teiborlang Pathaw was the symbud chief guest. .D.Wanswett, Pastors, Elders, Teachers, School Children and others.
“Be a person who fears the Creator and don't lose hope, but trust Him and He will open the way for you in many areas”, said Bah Wonder E.Pakyntein.
The 24th of October is the International Day for the Right to Truth and is also the anniversary of the death of Bishop Oscar Romero.
When we turn to the news or television, we often don't hear those encouraging voices or those that talk about peace or the welfare of society, but we hear only acts of violence, violence and crimes such as theft, robbery, murder and other terrible news.
In the first leg, Umphrup SC beat Imson FC 5-1 with Bannongkiew Khriem scoring two goals.
He said that the Catholic Church has a special respect for the souls of the deceased as the traditional teaching of the family religion when it stood among the nation.
All the Pastors from the five Presbyteries attended the friendly match and government officials from Doctors, Police Chiefs including Bah PD Sangma Deputy The Commissioner of West Khasi Hills was the captain of the team.
On the MP election, Dr. Batskhem said that if the VPP wins MP, it wants to be in the opposition if the BJP forms a government, but if a non-religious party forms a government, if they need support. the VPP, is willing to join forces to support.
They were sent for further testing.
He also requested the Minister to relocate the military gate at Mawshbuit and to allow the people to move freely.
He said that the Reservation Policy is understood to have a shortcoming.
Shillong: A group of young motorcycle drivers from Shillong, who earn their living by driving motorcycles, known as Rapido, have been deeply saddened by the order issued on Tuesday. on 8 November 2022 as ordered by the office of the Regional Transport Authority RTA, in accordance with the Motor Vehicles Act
Tsitsipas also reached the third round after Benjamin Bonzi of France retired due to injury and Stefanos was leading 4-1 in the set. the first.
On this occasion, the Synod expresses its gratitude to the Principal, Vice Principal, teachers and staff who have taken responsibility in many areas to look after and improve the needs of the school at this time.
“I have been thinking about this for a long time.
“There is an old ethnic party which is also one of the strongest parties in the state but even after they have included this issue in their Manifesto and they have gone to the people and promised that if they They will change the Reservation Policy but when the VPP protest starts, they still have to give a workshop to those MLAs who won this issue which they have promised and understand what the Reservation Policy is not like the VPP. “We understand clearly what needs to be done,” he added.
The meeting also decided to send a letter to the Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, to stop the MUDA from providing electricity and water without permission. it is the persecution and punishment of the people without any fault of theirs.
He said that due to the deterioration of the road, even the fare has been increased which has affected the people.
The statement said that the Prime Minister has proposed to provide assistance to the NGOs if they return to public life.
Jowai, March 27: The 1st Division Football Tournament, 2022, was held today at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
Therefore, as a person who wants good roads and development works, he needs to express himself for the safety of the people.
When the mother came in, Panah also gathered the pela and went to clean.
M.Marak, one of the Garo leaders, said that the Garo people don't recognize the HSPDP, but in these years they have understood that the party is the party that has them. to protect the land and the rights of the citizens in the state as a whole.
He said that according to the investigation of the Union, as it is now, that the Garo friends have attacked and forcibly raped the Rangbah Shnong, in which they have issued NOC or Dulir pathar to many and which has led to Many of the land in the state has been transferred to Assam.
“One of the important issues mentioned in the MoU is that school children who have reached the age of 18 years should have EPIC because I remember that many children who have reached the age of 18 and 19 years are not I don't have an EPIC,” said Tembe.
There are also hotels, restaurants, tourist attractions and more.
In fact, this bill has brought about a change in the customs and traditions of the Khasi Khara.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills has directed all the residents to comply with this order as it is strict and anyone found violating will be punished according to the rules of law.
We cannot help but be shocked and saddened that four of our fellow citizens have lost their lives.
“I am pleased that thousands of people have come to express their support for me and this is the message of the victory of the UDP in Mawlai,” said Bah Sawkmie.
Pyrwa Lymba, 42, has been appointed as the new Dolloi of Darrang District, Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADC) on Tuesday. (L) Min Ryngkai and Mrs. Klo Lymba from Lymba Village.
The government is corrupt. IAP is not affected by the disease. IAP is responsible for all the diseases.
Today, the Jaintia Hills Cement Manufacturing Association ( Jaintia Hills Cement Manufacturing Association ) has confirmed that they will not use such trucks from now on The union is still finding that these types of trucks are being used and the union will not hesitate to take action according to the law.
Nongpoh, March 24 : It is an example and encouragement to many villages especially to the Village Organizations that there is no problem in getting a fully functional office if the women and the village authorities have understanding and cooperation. The Nangiaisan Village Organization (NAO) on 24th March 2013 has inaugurated its office built under the MNREGA and SRWP schemes. lakh including 8.5 lakh from MNREGA and 2 lakh from SRWP scheme, which was inaugurated by Bah Jason S Mawlong MLA Umsning as the chief guest, in the presence of the leaders of the Umsning. The meeting was attended by President K Nongkseh, Secretary W Warjri, Rangbah Shnong and other dignitaries.
In the afternoon, a Holy Mass was celebrated at the Cathedral where Cardinal Charles Maung Bo SDB, DD, Archbishop of Yangon, Myanmar, offered the Mass.
He said that since the transformer broke down, he as the inspector of the village, has often approached the MePDCL authorities to report the problem. but it ended with the answer that there is no transformer.
When inquired about this, the Joint Director of MBOSE, Bah M Marbaniang, said that it is true and the MBOSE has done what is necessary in this regard.
They were led by their relatives in the presence of HYC leaders who went to the hospital in Guwahati because they were addicted to drugs.
According to her, the production of these alcoholic beverages has caused concern and anxiety to the parents who have young children.
Although some coaches have been temporarily appointed to manage some clubs, they have to complete and some of them have passed the AFC Pro license.
They said that Ngaitlang's preparation to contest from the NPP in Umroi is not only a talk to the leaders but also a statement by entering the houses of people to inform them. his crowd of supporters.
Also present on the occasion were the office bearers of the MCC including T. Pohshna, Coordinator, H. Kharbyngar, S. Khriam, A. Pyngrope, I. Wankhar, Secretary MCC, the elderly, women, youth and children.
Stefanos Tsitsipas (GRE) 61954.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) will win 12 out of 14 seats in the Lok Sabha elections in Assam next year (2024).
Israel has lifted the wearing of masks since last month after the public had been injected with the virus. Israel has now reopened all schools and other facilities.
Even after the state government has increased the price of petrol and diesel, commercial vehicles continue to charge at the old price which has caused a lot of trouble to the students who come to school and college from Namdong, West Jaintia. Hills District.
The Achik Conscious Holistic Integrated Crime (ACHIK) today raised the demand for the implementation of the cut-off-year for the Roster System in the state from 1972 onwards. They also threatened to stage a protest if there is any injustice.
Speaking at a meeting of the Seng held at Malki Point this evening, Dr. Ricky explained that if the Lokayukta is strong, corruption will be less and those who want to commit corruption will not dare.
He suggested to the House to find strong ways and means to resolve the border dispute.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong Academy's Benny V Khriam has been invited to the India U-15 National Team Selection Camp.
He was also seen standing with the candidate outside the office of the Deputy Commissioner on the day he went to file his nomination papers.
The foreign sellers are those who, besides studying, buy expensive mobile phones from their parents in order to enrich foreign mobile companies.
“The Sacred Heart Girls' HSS has produced this drama as part of the Centenary of the arrival of these seven Salesian Sisters in the North East of India. they started today and will wrap up on Saturday.
The sudden earthquake caused the slieng to fall apart.
In Cachar district, there are 14 such schools, while in Karngi Anglong, there are 13 such schools.
The launch of this new service is after they have completed research and understanding of its effectiveness from the trial of this system in the circles or districts they have selected and implemented. an.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Moses Syngkli, said that at present there are up to 50,000 residents in the Raid Nongkharai, so it is very important to hold such meetings. , so that there will be a cooperation between the Village Leaders and Raid Leaders.
According to a statement sent by the President of Khliehriat and Narpuh Circle, the union has met with the Inspector of Food Supply (East Jaintia Hills) Bah B. Pohshna on this issue.
However, before the end of the match, Sawmer FC had scored the first goal through Marchsterfield Marbaniang in the 90+3 minutes.
The site will be open from 7:00 pm to 7:00 pm and a fee of T.20 per person will be charged.
Lber, 12: A two day training program on Marketing and Promotional Workshop on Black Pottery at Tyrshang and Larnai villages, West Jaintia Hills District was organized by Rural Craft and Engineering. Division (RC&E) today at Tyrchi Inn, Khliehtyrchi, West Jaintia Hills.
It continues to thrive with consumption reflecting robust industrial activity, robust service offerings and robust electric exports.
Not only that, but even in other schools in these Khasi-Jaintia Hills, they say that although the students take this subject, they don't get enough marks and if they pass, it's in the you are in the 3rd Division or not.
The president of the Nongbah Youth Association, Euginesius Hinge, said that the youth association honors the elders who have worked hard in all the four village churches who have improved education in the parish. worked hard for the promotion of the work of God in the parish of Nongbah.
He said that in the next three years, if the State can produce 50% fish, it will be a great achievement, because 50% of the State can import fish from Assam without Andhra Pradesh is no longer available.
After the death of Doloi Oni Dkhar, the post of Doloi in Raliang District was taken over by Doloi Kwor Suchiang and the Jaintia Dorbar under the leadership of Doloi Laian Kynjin and Doloi Kwor Suchiang merged with the Jaintia Dorbar. Welfare Union (JWU) under the leadership of Phidalia Toi.
In Group A, Meghalaya scored the first goal but after a while they were turned away and knieh but it was only after the turn that they managed to win the title.
Because Aadhaar has been registered on both hands and 10 fingers and both eyebrows.
According to the Sordar, the Shnong has convened a dorbar on Friday to discuss this issue.
He said the KHADC will take action under the Sixth Schedule para 30 to take measures to avoid conflicts between villages and himas which lead to civil war.
After the locusts were smitten with locusts, with scorpions, with deadly plagues, with beasts and creatures, with locusts, after locusts with hail, with locusts, and with darkness. days in all of Egypt and then the slaughter of the firstborn of the Land of Egypt.
He said the strike will be implemented throughout the state.
“The state police department is slow in its working methods,” said Bah Lyngdoh and added, how can the police fight against the insurgents when the insurgents know before the police arrive at their location.
“The government is now the reason why the miners in the mines are losing their income and the state should also get revenue from coal because if the government creates a way, there is a way to allow coal mining,” he added.
The incident happened at 4 pm this evening, on the NH-6 at Mawdiangum, Nongpoh, when a new truck (ML 11 8124) collided with a truck. A Bolero pickup (ML 10 C 0886) collided with a truck (UP 22 AT 1640) parked near the road.
Speaking on the matter, the Minister said that the arrangement for the suspension of appointments has been made since
The tournament will be played at four stadiums in Shillong, Tura, Jowai and Mawkyrwat.
This information session was divided into two parts.
The residents of Sutnga District under the banner of Hima Sutnga Youth Federation took to the streets to protest against the garbage trucks of the Jowai Municipal Board on Thursday.
The distribution of these garbage cans was attended by the Waheh Chnong of Mynksan, members and leaders of KSU Mynksan Unit.
This is difficult because most of the people in the country live in rural areas where there is still a shortage of doctors.
“We have met in 2018, in 2019 and this year on 22nd November 2020 we have come to convey this issue, but the government has not done anything,” he said. state.
Bah Tynsong said they will be able to do the final thing after the return of the Prime Minister from abroad.
Speaking to media, Pilot said that the works done by the BJP have become clear in the state that it has failed to implement but it has only promises.
Many of the visitors to this place were delighted to hear the sounds of this evening.
However, once the elections are over, they have become the rulers and we the people have become the servants who are waiting to get school fees, medicines, or seeds to farm.
These are the key issues to carry the NPP flag up and forward," she said.
However, the Rangbah Shnong of Siatbakon today clarified that the woman is not from Siatbakon, and the name of Prodipta Khongwir has not been included in the village book. Therefore, it is only in the newspapers, the village cannot take any responsibility,” said the Rangbah Shnong of Siatbakon.
Lajong topped the zonal round after coming second in the Hero Elite League (Shillong-Guwahati Zone) with 18 points while SAI Guwahati came first with 21 points.
In the past few days, the Deputy Commissioners of the State Government have issued an order that Government Servants under their supervision as persons working in public services and even those also those who sell food and beverages and other necessities of the public that they have to take the TIKA in relation to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Police said the ASAK members are former members of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) and are wanted by the Garo Hills Police for their involvement in the incident. murder and kidnapping.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The political parties involved in the protest for the implementation of the ILP, have expressed their disbelief and surprise on the grounds that the MDCs have opposed the demand. to implement the ILP in the state.
This is the rule of law that has been given since ancient times,” he said.
Regarding this problem, the union urges the government to take immediate action and to implement scientific waste management to avoid future problems.
He said that the government will also strive to provide assistance to the farmers through seeds, medicines and various schemes.
Balse Kharbani, General Secretary of FKJGP South West Khasi Hills District, said that football is not only a sport but also a source of income.
Smallpox is due to lack of growth and physical development of children which can be affected by lack of energy from food, illness and the inability to build intellectual development in relationships with other children.
Jowai, July 04 : The District Sports Officer (DSO) together with the West Jaintia Hills District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday welcomed the winner of the West Jaintia Hills District Athletic Team. Over All Champion' in the Chief Minister's State Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2023 held in Shillong.
“I would like to inform you through this news and I am confident that the Minister of PHE will take action against the reason why from time to time the people who have to suffer, now 4 days there are places where the Um you don't shim it.
The members of the FKJGP Mawkyrwat Unit were welcomed by Elton C. Warjri, Vice President of FKJGP Mawkyrwat Unit in the presence of Keness Nonglait, President and Belsi Kharbani. South West Khasi Hills District, along with the elders of Mawkyrwat village and other members of the district as well as from the FKJGP Central Body, Shillong.
One of the residents of the area, said that if the contractor does not have the money to construct the road, he would like to go to the office of the Superintendent of Fisheries in Nongstoin, to ask for fish seeds. released in the lakes in the middle of the road.
Besides the vacant post of EM, the council has not been able to hold elections to elect the Chairman at a time when the country is still in the fourth stage of the fight against COVID-1
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 11: The Meghalaya Youth Federation (MYF) under the leadership of Bah Hamar Lyngkhoi, President and Samla Pliebok Hoojon, President of Nongstoin Circle, on Tuesday met with the District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO) of Nongstoin Circle. West Khasi Hills, to seek clarification on the delay in the opening of the Maternity & Child Hospital, which will provide special treatment for pregnant women and children.
It is worth mentioning that from these plastic bags, it was identified that the sugar had arrived by trucks and hundreds of quintals.
During the inspection, the Minister had the opportunity to talk to some of the residents of Sohiong.
After the funeral, the remains of the body were brought back to the Seng Khasi House, Mawkhar, where the meeting was conducted by Rgh Wallamphang Roy Vice President of the Seng Khasi Kmie. Speech was delivered by Rgh Paia B Synrem, Asst General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie. Mother.
He said that more than 500 laboratories across the country will certify the quality of soil and pesticide-free agricultural products.
Referring to the demand for the implementation of the IOA&AA, he said, “The HNLC has been based on the IOA from the beginning because the IOA is not only the IOA because there are many other parts of the IOA. and these shall be included.
Later, they came to take us to Surat, Gujarat.
In addition to the three arrested, another child under the age of 18 was also arrested.
He passed away at 9:30 pm, after suffering from illness for the past few years.
Shillong: The Muktapur Dorbar Shnong today wrote to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, to return the land from Muktapur Village which falls under the Adverse Possession Land (APL) to the border of the Muktapur Village Council. state and in India.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 03: The United Hotspring Umjaraiñ Sports Club (UHSUSC) has invited all its football teams to participate once again in the 4th Invitation Football Tournament 2022 to be held at Ja-jiar Stadium, Umjaraiñ. , South West Khasi Hills District.
He said it was only in India that they thought they could convert.
“We request the State Government to understand and consider our problem, we are the rights of teachers and we are also the rights of the citizens of this State.
The Leaders and Members strongly opposed and disagreed with the manner of electing this candidate because he was elected without listening to the voice of the majority.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Kynpham Kharlyngdoh, Bah Forwardman Nongrem, President of KSU South West Khasi Hills District and Rutherford Lyngdoh, President of Mawkyrwat. Circle.
Shillong, November 05: Police of Lumdiengjri Police Station on Tuesday arrested a man identified as Banpyrkhat Lyngdoh Nonglait, 32, for allegedly stealing a car. Leo Dangdonborlang Sun, a man arrested in connection with the shooting death of a man in Jaïaw Langsning, has been arrested.
After the appointment of Bah Edward by the District Council, another group has emerged and this group has opposed the appointment of Bah Edward as Acting Sordar. The meeting was signed by the President of the Kur Sawkpoh (Sun and Lyngdoh) while the meeting was signed by Bah P. Lyngdoh, President and Bah A. Sun Secretary.
For the protection of the environment, the Company has also allocated T.23.30 lakh per annum.
which means that they do not reach the target.
According to sources, these HNLC leaders also met with the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong.
It is worth mentioning that the CEM of KHADC, EMs and Enforcement Police who came to accompany them, almost reached the venue of the meeting. They said that these khar die madan have their own spies and as soon as they saw that the KHADC police were passing by, the informants were already there, and they fled from the place where they were selling land.
According to Reuters, Bangladesh pays $4 or T.301 per bottle and sells it to the public at $5 or T.376 per bottle.
Ma Bishar Shylla, Waheh Shnong Ialong said that there are still many people who violate the government's directives and without any protection or wearing masks come into the village and from the village to the COVID-19 management. The committee strongly opposes this.
Commenting on Twitter, DGP Dr LR Bishnoi said, “Drug traffickers have an intention to destroy the society of the state by smuggling drugs but the East Khasi Hills Police have arrested Drugs worth T.2 lakh, a scooty and T.28,000 cash were seized.
The opening ceremony was attended by P. Marbaniang (Retd), Deputy Director DIPR, W Nonglang, J. Mawthoh, DDMO, DDMA, Nongstoiñ and A Syiemlieh Sordar. Some English.
However, in the second half, Delhi managed to convert one goal, but this ended up ensuring that Meghalaya won the match.
"This reply of the JAC comes after the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof PS Shukla urged the JAC not to hold an indefinite strike without first verifying their demands. .
All the finals can be watched live on the Tata Crucible Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and YouTube channels.
The report also notes that all this immoral and illegal activity was done on the orders and supervision of Army Chief Brig.
The Dorbar Ur may be the Rangbah Shnongs of all the villages in the city, or they may be self-elected.
The training on Bio-fortified Crop Varieties in Nutrition was given by D Lyngdoh, Program Assistant (Tech), KVK Jaintia Hills.
Students are from AICTE Approved Institutions and also courses at Degree or Diploma level which are regular (1st, 2nd, 3rd or 4th year).
“We are pleased to have received a response from the Government for this visit.
Shillong, November 10 : Portugal goalkeeper and captain Christiano Ronaldo has left the pitch after the match with a crowd of mourners after the team lost 0 Morocco beat Morocco 1-1 in the quarterfinals of the 2022 World Cup in Qatar on Saturday night at the Al Thumama Stadium.
On the other hand, Bah Passah said that one of the questions among the people is regarding the removal of drugs and other illegal beverages seized in Meghalaya. .
The main demands include the complete cessation of the increase in the price of basic beverages, and the payment of T.7,500 per month to those who are poor and do not qualify to pay. Income Tax.
In his speech, Bah Metbah also spoke about the era of technology and urged the students to take advantage of the best that technology has to offer and also to be vigilant and avoid being misled. from the evils that technology brings.
Referring to Conrad's allegation that he and Dr. Mukul Sangma will leave the AITC to join the BJP only after the elections, Charles said the allegations will remain allegations because it is an allegation that They are lying to mislead the people of the country.
“The residents told me that the fertilizer distribution came and they took the star to carry it but they just opened the truck and sent it back where they didn't know the fertilizer,” he said. I wonder why they came to count the residents of Thynroit.
Similarly for teachers who are already in-service in private schools who wish to join teaching jobs in government aided or paid schools.
Shillong, Naitung: ASICS, Japan's leading sportswear manufacturer, has appointed Bollywood actress Shraddha Kapoor as its spokesperson for the by ASICS India.
On the other hand, the SDO Amlarem has issued an order to inspect all the shops and markets in the Amlarem area by government officials to stop the use of single use plastic bags.
July 12, 2020: Meghalaya vs Jharkhand.
“This statement of his has been shocking and insulting,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
Why doesn't the MDA Government abolish the posts of Co-Chairman, Vice Chairman, Deputy Chairman, Chairman who are just cronies in the departments of the State Government and who waste the money of the people.
Two years ago, the NPP-led MDA government issued the Draft Service Rules which banned non-Government Aided Schools/Colleges from taking part in the service. politics.
Nidaioh scored these goals in the 8th, 20th and 65th minutes.
Half of the struggle is over and the rest is important and therefore it needs to be discussed and cooperated by all the residents.
The new office bearers of the Pyndenumïong Branch are Bah Watbor, President, Bah Bekshar Warjri and Bah John Genesis Warjri as Vice President, Bah Alexander R Warjri, General Secretary, Giman Warjri, Treasurer along with about 20 others. Six other office bearers including the leaders of all nine villages of Bir, Gate, Sangshong, Mawsawa, Langstiehrim, Umwiehsup, Block, Lummaralong and Lumiew.
The Hony General Secretary of the WJDSA said that teams can register up to 25 players for the tournament and these will last until the end of the tournament.
He killed his Jewish wife, Miriam, her mother, Alexandra, and her two sons, Alexander and Aristobulus.
The information of the MLA of Amlarem, without fail, there will be those who say, that he insults the patients, that he destroys the market of these three shops, but the minister, understands that behind these There are dozens and hundreds of people who can spread the disease and therefore, it is better to tell the three people so that hundreds of others will not die.
For additional health benefits, cook the cabbage alive with olive oil- the nutrients can be better absorbed if used this way.
When asked on what grounds he returned to politics when he announced his retirement from politics, Bah Shylla said, “There are many reasons why he returned to politics. back to politics.
Jowai, July 16: The Inter School Subroto Cup Football Tournament-2022 was held today at Kiang Ground, Jowai. Stadium Stadium, Jowai.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The students of the CUET-2024 examination, held at NEHU on Tuesday, have been forced to stand and wait for the examination from 12 noon to 4 pm. shem has not been able to write.
The President of the Mawkyrwat District Cycling Association (MDCA), Bah Ambrose Thongni, said that the purpose of the Mawkyrwat District Level Cycle Race 2022 is to promote the development of cycling for children and youth. In the past few days, the names of the participants have started to appear in the South West Khasi Hills District. in the State Level competition.
The Commissioner of Customs (Preventive) Shillong, Abhilasha M. Basaiawmoit, today said that the International Customs Day, which was launched by the World Customs Organization (WCO), is celebrated every year on the 26th of July. they are not members of it.
“The Odisha Fire Service personnel have tested their equipment at the scene.
“On this day we have discussed, and decided not only for our own benefit but also for the people who eat beef, which we sell every day, so with one voice we “It has been decided to temporarily suspend the slaughter of cows so that the fear and reluctance of the people to buy cows will disappear,” he said.
“It would be pointless for the people to support the Congress again because the reward is to sit in the opposition again.
Fresh air from the trees and forests.
On the demand of the political parties that the MDA government should not cooperate with the BJP MLAs in the state, Lambor said the BJP MLAs in the state have their own role. “I don't accuse them of being involved, we know that they have no part,” he said, adding that he will write to the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma that it is necessary to convene a special session. to introduce a resolution in the House to oppose the Bill.
Speaking to Rupang, Michael Pakyntein said that at 11:30 pm he left home to buy a newspaper but could not find the newspaper vendor.
The BDO said that this money is for old works and it is a material cost and in the year 2020-21 the village has not requested any works or materials. work in your office.
Until you reach Nan Polok, you will enter.
) to violate the traditional democracy since the time of the establishment of the District Council in our state.
Police have registered a case on the incident and the investigation is ongoing to find the mother of the child.
Mana Sangma is another suspect who has been arrested by the police in the past years for his involvement in the purchase of firearms. Some of his friends had a plan to form a new rebel group in the Shallang area, but this plan failed due to the arrest of the WKHD police. The investigation will be conducted to find out the other robbers involved in the case, and the hidden intention of these robbers.
I don't want to sing.
These illegal coke factory owners were arrested by the Special Investigation Team (SIT) on 26th July in the presence of Magistrates and DMRs. They have been charged under Shallang PS Case No.39( 12)2022 U/S 188/34/379/120 B IPC R/w Sec 3(1)/21(1) MMDR Act, R/w Sec 15 Environment (Protection) Act bad Sec 3 Explosive Substances Act.
When he had finished praying, he cut the wheat from the head to the head of the pig three times.
“When I visited this landfill, I wanted to do something and I didn't know how to do it but I knew we needed to do something about this landfill and find ways and means to protect the environment. .
He also congratulated the members of the Society who have worked hard to achieve this goal. The View Point Cum Information Center at Rangthylliang was built and implemented only through their voluntary work. members, without receiving any assistance from the Government or the Village Authority.
It was because of the beauty of her songs that Himesh Rashammiya went to look for her and immediately listened and tried her beautiful voice and thus, he composed and sang. no to it.
Looking at the shops, we can see the food shops and other shops selling a variety of goods and the presence of music, and we congratulate the MGMP for this.
At present, the two districts of the neighboring states have taken measures to curb the violence and have deployed security forces along the border.
The Butcher Association of Meghalaya (BAM) on July 22, 2013, has announced that from today, July 23, it will temporarily suspend the sale of beef until the outbreak of beef is controlled. Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD) has been reported in the state.
The magazine was launched in three languages ​​by the Governor of Meghalaya.
The government should take responsibility for the resignation of the MDCs,” said Dr Donkupar Roy.
The petition was requested for the shortage and delay in the working of Sub-Centres, Public Health Centers and Community Health Centers in Amlarem Sub-Division.
BDWS.Shillong, Lber 26 : The Syntung Sports & Cultural Club, with the financial support of Yess Meghalaya, on Saturday last month, has organized many programs for the youth, Youth and parents of the village, including a marathon, football, and a talent show known as the Open To All Variety Talent Show
The Minister of State and Chairperson of the Roster Committee, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on July 27, 2013, said that the Search Committee will soon release the names of the experts who will participate in the Roster Committee. Expert Committee to review the Reservation Policy.
Shillong, March 13: Speaking on the T.133 crore budget, Umsning MDC Donkupar Sumer said that out of the T.133 crore, many political parties have been destroyed. MDCs who have left the party and also those who have left the dorbar without knowing the reason.
According to Laitumkhrah Beat House Police, the incident happened at about 7 pm near the 2nd Gate of St. Edmund's School.
Rangdajied UFC has won three, drawn twice and lost once out of seven fights while Shillong Lajong has won, drawn once and lost four times.
Shillong Lajong will play against Nangkiew Irat on the 29th of July.
“What are these seven leaders of the Legislative Assembly from Jaintia Hills doing and the Mukroh MLA doesn't seem to take any action,” he said.
To be or not to be a politician is not a matter of debate.
In the second half, the match became more interesting as the players of Benris FC fought hard to turn the tide, but until the end of the half, they could not turn the tide. Shillong Lajong FC, which won the title, won a cash prize of T.2 lakh and a trophy, while Benris FC won the trophy. The winner of the final match won a cash prize of T.1 lakh and a trophy.
The population of India is 139 crore 41 lakh but if we look at the population of other major states of India, it is the Government of India's responsibility to pass a birth control law or to have only 2 children. and 3 people.
The awarding ceremony was held at the Shnong Dorbar Hall for the 29th Educational Award.
No party can remain in the government or in the opposition.
“GG Swell said, “In this regard, I would like to put a word of understanding.
Mairang: Laidibon Ryntathiang, 21, of Wahrit village, Mairang, has lodged a complaint against her daughter Rosa Ryntathiang, 21, for agreeing to give something to the Muslim community. years without your knowledge or consent.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has sent its condolences on the passing away of Bah GH Kharshanlor, President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF).
She said that in the 2023 election, not only does she want to win the election alone but she will work together to win many of the party she intends to join.
Bashan Iakai (70, 80+1) scored two goals, Sanki Langstang (3) and Rangdajied Sayoo (10) scored the second goal.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) on Saturday warned that 35 Khasi MLAs should not remain silent at the All Party Meeting to be held by the government regarding the roster system. These days but they should not be affected by the change in the Reservation Policy.
When they did not receive him, he went back to Samaria.
Patna, Jymmang 22: The RJD has decided to support the JD(U) government led by Jitan Ram Manjhi, who is one of the lowest castes in the state.
That’s how it goes – the engaged young couple are willing to make a promise by saying, “For better or worse, for better or for worse, for better or worse, for poorer or richer, I will live with you until death do separate... Amen"
One of the Rangbah said that the main reason for the lack of opportunities for the youth is due to the excessive use of black money that parents give to their children while that I.
He said that the issuance of certificates and the registration of sohshkor is done only once a month on Sunday by the doctors of DVO Nongpoh, as Khanapara falls under Ribhoi District. Butcher's Association.
