MPCC President Zenith Sangma said that the government has caused people to commit suicide. Why should it answer because of the serious impact on the people of the country? the NDA government has confused the people.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 28: The Government of Meghalaya has announced that it will hand over the Riangdo Sub Division to a private company. The Meghalaya Youth Federation (MYF) has expressed its strong opposition to the government's proposal.
The elders of the area have held an emergency meeting after being concerned about the situation in the area.
We need our own land because the land is the basis of all existence.
Anyone who has found the body please contact +9
Shillong, March 05 : All the Deputy Commissioners and Sub Divisional Officers (Civil) from across the state on Friday met at Shillong to discuss and discuss the issues faced by them in the implementation of the also how to improve the service to the state in the future.
The principle of winning at all costs, earning and accumulating wealth from sports has led to many corruption and fraud.
Shillong, Naitung, 24: The Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima, Bah Bashemphang Thabah, has fled the Hima Dorbar on Saturday for fear of answering the people on the issues. The Hima Dorbar was convened with the authority of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) through a letter to the Secretary Sohiong Lyngdohship. Police Diengdoh on the issue of the complaint against Lyngdoh.
About 172 people including men and women took part in the Half Marathon.
Marak said the decision of the Garo people is not for the Congress party in the District Council and the decision of the people should be respected.
He said that after they have approved, they have signed a strong soskular, in which all the landowners have signed and the soskular has been handed over to the Deputy Commissioner for implementation. what you need.
There are complaints that the bills arrive once, and when checked, the electricity bill has reached tens of thousands.
Nongstoin, Nailur 28: An unidentified man has died shortly after his vehicle collided with a truck at one of the places in the village. kynshi, which happened this evening at 8:30 pm.
Through the availability of proper roads, the entire region has developed, the ability to connect remote areas has also brought closer the people and the government authorities for the implementation of many development works. ha that dong that area.
She expressed her regret that the garment manufacturers in the country do not receive the assistance they deserve because they do not have the opportunity to report to the relevant authorities.
The meeting between the office bearers of the Hill Farmer Union and the farmers was held at Umdang village. Besides the farmers, the women of the area and Edmund Mawsor, Sordar of Mawkhap Mawchynrut were also present. West Khasi Hills District.
Also present on the occasion were the office bearers of the Block Congress Committee of Mendipathar Constituency, the office bearers of the Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress including the General Secretary in charge of East and North Garo Hills Dr. Tuel Marak.
'For the sake of the survival of the kur and the jait bynriew' if the Council does not implement this, Pariat and his colleagues will not hesitate to lodge a PIL in the High Court of the State. strengthen the character of the nation.
Speaking to reporters, Kong Wanniang said that in fact, a place has already been allocated for the contractor to dump the soil from the road, but the surprising thing is that the contractor has not been able to dump the soil. The contractor has thrown it into the land of the people which the union cannot accept.
He said that the decline in the market price since the beginning of the harvest until now is due to the low production of soybeans from all the states due to the global warming.
“We have prepared well and we will fight hard this time to ensure that the BJP will get a seat in the state.
Shillong, Nailur 18: From time to time, the Police have announced that all Hotels, Guest Houses, Clubs, Rest Houses and other accommodation in Shillong should inform the Police by filling up the form. Form C within 24 hours in case they are providing accommodation to any foreigner from the moment he enters their premises.
Meanwhile, another person sustained serious injuries and was taken to a hospital in the same city.
This tree can withstand all four seasons of nature, including heavy rain, strong winds and cold during the rainy season.
The Mining Department under my supervision, together with the Commissioner Secretary Jai Prakash IAS and officers, we have worked very hard to develop.
Two months after escaping from police custody, Hifzur Rahman, who was sentenced to life imprisonment for murder, was shot dead by Cachar police on the morning of Ba. -ar because he tried to escape and fight with the police after being arrested.
It is he who comes forward to help those families who are in trouble and have to lock themselves up at that time,” he added.
Not only that, it will also affect the number of BJP MPs in the Rajya Sabha.
Combart did not bring any firearms to the arrest.
Suchana was arrested on Tuesday while she was driving a taxi from Goa to Bengaluru.
It was also learned that these groups have been committing acts of damage, disturbance and violence for their demands.
When asked where these families live, the Rangbah Shnong said that they have been arranged to live in the houses of their neighbours. There were only a few electrical signs, and there were 7-8 electrical posts that collapsed on the ground.
Speaking to reporters in Nongpoh, Bah Sohtun said that for unavoidable and personal reasons, he will not resign from the post of President of the party.
Shillong: Leaders of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) have led about 138 farmers including members of the union to a lemon grass farm at Byrwa, Ri Bhoi. District.
Jaintia Hills has coal, oil, many factories and therefore we should use what God has given us properly.
Even the church members don't understand each other.
Everyone, from traders, vendors and coal miners to shopkeepers, is requested to attend the public meeting.
The BSF from the 4th & 193rd Battalion seized these cows after conducting a search operation in the border areas of East Khasi Hills bordering Bangladesh.
On the other hand, the Executive Member in charge of the Elaka, Bah KP Pangiang is the Chairman of the Committee while the Joint Secretary of KHADC, Bah RS Wanniang is the Secretary of the Committee.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 24: After receiving a tip, the BSF and Police of South West Khasi Hills District, on October 24, 2022, at 6:30 pm, conducted a raid in the Kalapahar area of ​​South West Khasi Hills District, which borders with Bangladesh.
“The Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram requests clarification on why the Police Department has not taken action against the Seng Khasi Mawsynram,” said the letter from the President of the Seng Khasi Mawsynram and Secretary Bah Lurshai. Flat.
Some of them are Alpha Design, Satsure, Oneweb, Data Pattern, Centum Azista Aerospace, Caliche, L&T, Skyserve, Ananth Technologies, Agnikul, Digantara, Pixxel and Dhuruva Space.
The incident happened at 4 pm this evening, when the Swift number AS-01-MA-7461, which was on its way to Guwahati, overturned. Two of them sustained serious injuries while three others sustained minor injuries.
Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar in his speech said that this tournament is held once every four years and only players from Nartiang Constituency can take part in this tournament.
The cold weather and thunderstorm came at 2 pm and many houses and crops were damaged in the incident.
It is a difficult task, but I request the students, researchers and others to share their stories or comments about the KSU according to their knowledge or experience.
The rally is scheduled to be held at Madan Malki at 11 pm in which teachers from all over the state will take part.
“He told Amita Sangma that he wanted them to release these trucks of his friend, and he continued by saying that he knew her son well. young Amita”.
I will work hard to pass well and get on the Merit List.
The government will send an affidavit to the High Court in this regard.
The meeting held by the Hima Mylliem to decide on the separation of Mawpun Village from the Pynthorumkhrah-Golflink Dorbar Shnong has been canceled after the arrival of two villages who were not invited. They are the villagers of Pynthor-Golflink.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: Initially, the Khasi herbalists were pleased to be invited to various workshops and exhibitions organized by government departments, with the intention that the government will recognize them. and they shall be as servants unto the people.
In the Under-18 category, Shaipharlin Nongsiej and Albamary Sohshang of St. Peter's Higher Secondary School won the first prize.
However, there has been no explanation from Qatar or FIFA. There has also been a reaction after Qatar did not allow spectators to bring beer into the stadium.
He said that the Chief Ministers of the states in the region should appoint a Nodal Officer to work with NESAC to make the most of this platform.
Loveming Wanniang, Ranger, Genes Thongni, DM, both from the Soil and Water Conservation Department, together with the ADO of Horticulture, Joseph Mukhim, who gave their opinions and The call to take care and maintain the order of the Mother Earth for the benefit of mankind, has enhanced the celebration.
Besides Reddy, another Yuvajana Sramika Rythu Congress Party (YSRCP) MLA, Vellampalli Srinivasa Rao, who was traveling in the same vehicle, was injured in the stone throwing.
I don't want to oppose you.
“We have received information from our intelligence agencies that there is a man who intends to commit robbery and murder who is also armed with firearms and our police have gone to raid the residence of that man,” he said. The suspect was arrested and the firearms were seized from Weilong village in Sutnga last night.
However, there is no sign of anything yet and they expressed their regret that Conrad Sangma as the leader of the state and the MDA government have not been able to do anything on these issues but the party will not rest. or cut off, but it shall be cut off from time to time.
It is the soul of the deceased who informed the family of Ma Grison Suwer, the deceased.
Not only that, it would have been better for the BJP leader to demand not only T.25 lakh, but T.2.5 crore, because it is a lot of money. The Accountant General of Meghalaya should also check the accounts, as this is not the money of any MLA, but it is the money that they have received from the people in various ways.
However, the Meghalaya Games, which will have 23 sports and will be attended by about 3,000,000 youths, will surely stir up everyone to prepare for the return. their eyes are on the game.
If the youth come forward, express their feelings and make their voices heard, our country and nation will always be on the path of hope for the better. we are all together and it is then that change will come and we will be able to build the country on a solid foundation.
Dr Janak Jhankar Narzari explained that the situation in the North East has lagged behind in the field of literature, although the spirit of the youth continues to grow and from time to time the new talents of and the barrels were still shylluit at the time.
“We have seen that foreign companies and contractors are not willing to implement, for example, the poor house project in Nongmynsong which has been left unfinished,” said Bah Nongbri.
When asked why he left East Shillong and turned to Nongkrem, he said that after the new division of the constituencies, many of the voters are no longer indigenous. only if he joins the National party he will probably get their support.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) would like to inform you that the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) includes the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram, Lyngngam and Diko people around the world. We are a small nation but if we are prepared and live in unity and understanding, there will be no power in the world that will deprive us of our rights and freedoms. his own land and shyiap.
Players from both teams –Liverpool (4-3-3): Alisson, Alexander-Arnold, Konate, Van Dijk, Robertson, Henderson (Keita 77), Fabinho, Thiago (Firmino 77), Salah, Mane, Diaz (John 65).
That night Peter thought how Bah Bok would feel if he told him. what the staff discussed and conveyed to him.
We cannot live alone.
Noting that they are fighting a losing battle, Bah Syiemïong said that the number of youths who are addicted to drugs has increased with the passing of the days.
Ernest Mawrie said that they cannot do anything surprising to congratulate Narendra Modi on his birthday except by helping the people, as Modiji used to call himself a 'Pradhan Sevak' height).
On this occasion, the Kids Tarari group has prepared a special song which was sung before the funeral of these two brothers and also a song entitled 'Mynsiem' ba Dang lung' is a song produced by Kids Tarai.
Speaking after leaving the meeting room with the Prime Minister, the teachers said that they have received a satisfactory response on the salary increase.
Many of the legal disputes are not against the BJP government but against us as Christians.
At the same time, Conrad expressed the government's readiness to introduce amendments to the Sixth Scheduled.
Speaking to reporters on Saturday, Agarwal said, “The BJP respects the feelings of all religions and in Meghalaya, which is a Christian state, the BJP has Good Governance Day will be celebrated on the 23rd, not on the 25th”.
Out of these 1,252 cases, 842 cases in East Khasi Hills, 31 cases in West Khasi Hills, 1 case in South West Khasi Hills, 91 cases in Ri Bhoi District and 91 cases in West Jaintia Hills. cases in East Jaintia Hills district, 25 cases in West Garo Hills district, 140 cases in South West Garo Hills district, 3 cases in South Garo Hills and 22 cases in East Garo Hills. There are 83 cases in North Garo Hills district and 6 cases in North Garo Hills district.
In this regard, the government has set up the State Education Commission to consider and advise the government on this issue among others.
If the government does not take the demands of the union seriously and do the needful soon, I am afraid that the future of tens of thousands of students in the state will be bleak and hopeless.
She also highlighted the need to look into the provision of health services through measures such as the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) and the need to prevent and detect cancer early in the fight against cancer. .
Shillong, Lber 31 : The Director General of Police (DGP) Meghalaya, LR Bishnoi, on Tuesday said that poverty, family violence, childbirth and unemployment are the main reasons. Human trafficking in Meghalaya.
“We have asked them to surrender to us to control the traffic to avoid any violence,” said one of the members of the JSU. The event started from Khliehriat and ended at Lad Kiang Nangbah Government College.
When asked about this, Prestone said that the notice of summons is not issued by the Government but only by the Court. According to him, the Judiciary and the Executive are working together. in their own works.
This has caused the people to lose confidence in the party which has built its street house in the middle of the night because they don't understand that the people have not accepted them either.
In the Under-18 category for boys, Batskhemborlang Thongni of Sngap Syiem College won the prize and Lavinia Lyngkhoi of Maharam Govt Higher Secondary School Mawkyrwat won the category for women.
“We are waiting for the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Urban Development Department to return to Shillong and the meeting will be held this month,” said Prestone.
Regarding the construction of this section in accordance with the rules and regulations laid down by the Government.
Shillong: Unidentified robbers have attempted to steal the signboard of the Tyrso Valley Wildlife Protection Society (TWP) at Umru village in Umru village. Raid in Ri Bhoi.
The Legislature is therefore the voice of the people and should be respected.
This road is busy with the sale of shana or doh syiar, but every day this road is closed due to the opening of water pipes and the flow of water due to the set. the garbage in the street.
Prestone said the NPP's goal if it comes to power is to bring about change and that change should start from the rural areas. “Change should start from the rural areas. Change in the rural areas means agriculture, income and other needs of the people,” he said.
" The students and teachers of Assam Don Bosco University, through these words of Saint Theresa, have achieved this by developing new tools and equipment to improve the work and lives of the people of Manla. day.
The Seng Khasi branches and all the Seng members from all branches are invited to attend the lympung during these days to witness and encourage the dancers so that we can also showcase to the world. the richness of the customs and traditions of the Hynniewtrep people.
The family of Khatduh Surong from Amlanai Village and the family of Emergency Shylla from Satpator.
“The candidates in the past had to think whether they would do or not to contest the election, because it is a sacred job, the job of serving the people for five years. “If you lead me astray, I will go to the forest,” he added.
Our concern is to complete this road as soon as possible,” said Bah Sniawbhalang and added that NHAI has admitted that up to 30-40 percent of the construction has been completed so far.
On her professional excellence, the Minister said that “in her acting career of more than five decades, she has demonstrated her mettle in the roles she plays, leading to She won the National Film Award for her role in Reshman and Shera.
Shillong During the First and Second World Wars, the British Government established Shillong as a peace area.
CYDRO OP GAMING.There have been 2,08,921 new cases of covid-19 in India and 4,157 deaths in the past 24 hours.
Before the program was launched by the CEM, the MDCs went back to hand over the vehicles to their respective constituencies.
Dr Myrboh said that the implementation of the Roster System without reviewing the Reservation Policy will lead to insufficient employment opportunities in government departments.
“Anyway, we want to celebrate with about 1500-2000 low income families, those with disabilities and especially the elderly,” he said.
Once upon a time while we were coming from a place and we were riding in a truck, suddenly without thinking the car stopped and did not start anymore.
The report, released by the Survey Department of Agriculture Ministry of Nepal, shows 11 areas, which China has already invaded and occupied, including 33 hectares of land. inside Nepal and it is reported that China has changed the rivers and the border as well.
Leaders of the Umsong Circle, who were confirmed on the occasion, include Bah Polosar Mawiong as President, Founderstone Syiemiong as General Secretary and 106 members.
This decision of the Government will put us at great risk as a State and we are surprised that the Government has not thought carefully about the risk that could be brought through this decision of its and to announce to the citizens in the problem.
The Home Minister also visited Churachandpur area and met with leaders and a group of community groups.
A sudden storm on Saturday has struck several parts of West Jaintia Hills District.
"When there are many wise and intelligent people, the world (the State) lives, when there is a King (MLA/CM) who doesn't care about the people" (Proverbs 6:24).
It is necessary to strictly implement the law and to punish such perpetrators of violence against women and children so that this crime will not spread in our State.
In the Christian faith and teaching, even in the traditional religion of the Hynniewtrep people, life is divided into two parts, one life on earth and the other life beyond the earth or in heaven or in heaven. dwarf Blei.
HK Singh Memorial Secondary School, Jowai has represented Meghalaya in the 62nd edition of the Sub Junior Boys Under-14 Subroto Cup International Football Tournament in Bengaluru, Karnataka. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 8 : Rajya Sabha MP Dr WR Kharlukhi today said that the central government should have allowed the mining of coal in Meghalaya to continue as before if it cannot start. you are the scientific method of today.
The club also congratulated the Meghalaya Football Association for allowing the club to hold the second stage match and also for providing them with a practice ground.
Chief Executive Member JHADC Thombor Shiwat said that the reason for the introduction of this Act is after the state government has directed the district councils to prepare the Village Council Act, as they have not been empowered to implement it. All Village Councils and District Councils shall enact laws that shall have special powers over the Village Councils.
Nongdawah CC, after tied first, managed to score 105 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 18.4 overs.
He said that the SHGs should take action to conduct training to develop special skills or Skill Training Program which will help in bringing about a stable income.
These 1335 days are 45 days.
The BDO of Ranikor said that only those villages have been counted, but the information is still coming and the inspection of the houses damaged by the natural disaster has not yet been completed. is underway to get a comprehensive assessment on the environmental damage.
Although Martin Luther accepted it, Calvin doubted it and Erasmus rejected it.
Now even the banks have reduced the number of staff because many payments or transactions have become digital so that there is no need for human beings to look after many of the tasks.
Only youths who have registered at the Employment Exchange in Jowai and who are unemployed can take part in this training.
Before the match, there was a 1 minute silence in condolence to the death of Australian player Shane Warne.
What does it mean when Mawbynna says there are three tall ones, the middle one is taller and there is a mawkynthei?7
Samla Wanteibok Lyngdoh expressed his regret that many of the young men and women of the area are struggling, that the existence and implementation of the Reservation Policy has affected the job seekers because of this policy. It has been implemented since the independence of the state where the Garo ethnic groups have received 40% while the Khasi have received 40%.
This is one of the signs that if we live in evil deeds, God will not hear us when we pray to Him. One of God's great prophets, Isaiah, prophesied that show how God will look upon you in times of trouble.
To me! I'll try again.
For the first time, the Dorbar Shnong Bakur has held the 1st Summer Cup Football Tournament at Bakur Stadium, Dawki on 15th October
He added that it has been decided that the Government can sponsor only one foreign trip, and the second trip will have to be sponsored by the Government of India or any foreign group. .
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Nongkrem Dor Bar Pyllun on Tuesday strongly condemned the government's decision to transfer the BDO of Mawryngkneng C&RD Block, Bah AS Mukhim. Shillong, Jymmang 22: U BDO has been serving the people of the area well and the works are going well under his supervision especially the 100 days MNREGA scheme. KHNAM will hold a meeting at Madan Student on the 1st of July to explain to the people to join the ongoing protest at the Kiang Nangbah Monument to force the government to The Village Administration Bill will be passed.
Shillong: A fire broke out in the Marten area of ​​Mawlai Mawiong today, which has disrupted traffic on the Shillong-Guwahati highway.
“It is not that the Director has been removed, but the documents have been destroyed,” said Rahul.
“We have already lodged a complaint with the district authorities, but so far no action has been taken to stop the smuggling of cows,” said Leningstar. Hills District to take action against this illegal activity.
Theft, robbery and many kinds of evil deeds have begun to increase in these days. Isn't this because the longbriew man has become stingy and there are no longer those who watch over or lead the way? protect our own nation that knows man and knows God.
“It is not that we are just guessing but we know that there are middlemen or brokers who do not own the cows which are the commodities sold among the Dkhars who trade to Bangladesh,” said the President of KJBWA. Generous Warlarpih suggested that the government should make arrangements to identify those who are not meat traders in the state, that is, those who smuggle cattle to Bangladesh, and to work hard to prevent such merchants.
The HK Singh Memorial Secondary School, Jowai on Monday released the lucky draw tickets to raise funds for the construction of its new school building.
Police said that one of them said that he had done the job as ordered by the principal.
“We have come out to show that we have responsibility for our own income in our family,” said the JARF leader. It is understood that many of the village leaders who live in Umru area of ​​Ri Bhoi (Block-2), which is also the area where the border between Meghalaya and Assam is frequently incident, These Khappud areas don't dare to protest against any violence by the people of Assam.
Shillong, Nailur 7: On Saturday evening, the customers of the ATM were surprised after the ATM did not dispense the money they needed.
The statement was signed by 17 Rangbah Shnongs including Bah S. Basaiawmoit RS Lumsohpdeng, P. Dkhar RS Umroi and others.
According to media reports, senior most members of the BJP Meghalaya sent to the media that three MPs from Meghalaya should join the BJP so that the government in Delhi especially in Meghalaya (MDA). ) are strong.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the UDP, TMC, Congress leaders and others, Ardent said the purpose of the meeting was to discuss the idea of ​​forming a government without the NPP government. state of Meghalaya.
Conrad Sangma was speaking on the allegation that some Home Guard Police in Meghalaya have not received their salaries for about 9 years.
According to government information, 197 government doctors have disappeared in the last 15 years, from 2000 to
He said that today is the day of thanksgiving to God the Creator by the believers who have experienced such victories as this milestone of the Church.
Speaking at the election campaign rally for Bah Auspicious in Nongspung on 16th June, 2023, the supporters said that in this election they will elect this PDF candidate to win the election. to the State Legislative Assembly.
For drinking water supply, the fourth phase of the Greater Shillong Water Supply has been allocated an additional T.189.93 crore.
The election committee has six members including JSU President Jersom Shylla, HITO President Pynbiang Rymbai and others.
According to the richest MLA in Meghalaya, the MLA of Umroi constituency is Ma Ngaitlang Dhar. He has a net worth of T.235.64 crore. , while his brother Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar in 2008 had only T.75,074 tyngka but in 2013 he had more than T.2 crore.
Imphal: The Kuki Inpi, as one of the strongest political parties of the Kuki community in Manipur, has demanded the withdrawal of all cases filed against the leaders of their prominent people. Kuki, including writers, intellectuals, students, after the bloodshed since 3rd October.
TMC's Bregrimseng S. Marak (19), Dopil Songittal, Baghmara, SGH, Pangchu R. Sangma (18), Gangga Awe, Siju, SGH, Kimkim K. Sangma (32) of Machokgre, Tikrikilla, WGH, Lastbirth M/ Marak (23) of Morengapara, Ampati, SWGH, Sangra R.Marak (32) of RC Compound, Baghmara, SGH, Greatster N.Marak (27) of Sonamite, Ampati, SWGH, Tengchang D.Sangma (20) , and Siju, SGH, Tengma Ch.
When contacted by Mawphor, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawprem, Bah H Roy Marbaniang, denied any knowledge of the blockade by the RSS members. “There is no such thing as the village and the village leaders banning the RSS members from Mawprem village to march in procession from Mawprem village. There is that blockage may not be by the robbers," he said.
Father D.Nihon Singh Wahlangiv.
Shillong, Naitung, 27: The Personnel & AR (A) Department of the State Government on Tuesday issued a statement signed by the Commissioner and Secretary of the Personnel & AR (A) Department, Kong R.Lyngdoh. Donald Phillips Wahlang has been appointed as the new Chief Secretary of the State.
The Seng invites other friends of various Seng Bhalang together with the Dorbar Shnongs of Hynniewtrep to work together to protect the foreigners and school children studying abroad, so that we can eradicate the genocide. This is the COVID-19 virus.
Earlier, the High Court of Meghalaya had ruled that persons from Bangladesh who resided in the area before 24 October, 1971 shall be recognized as citizens of India and shall be granted citizenship. the right to vote.
“On the other hand, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh said that through this project, the state government will be able to improve the health facilities in the ICUs at the district level.
Shillong, Lber 07: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that Purno A Sangma is one of the leaders who has explained and explained to him in politics.
At the same time, the party strongly condemns the government led by Mukul Sangma as the prime minister which has ignored the demand of the political parties for the ILP. to search for members of various political parties because they are not terrorists or insurgents until the government leads hundreds of police vehicles imported from Garo Hills.
In this regard, John questioned whether the recent renaming of the District Council will be successful.
In relation to the cultivation of land, the villagers use to cultivate the land according to the age of the child.
In collaboration with Terumo Blood and Cell Technologies, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya through the State Blood Transfusion Council (SBTC) has announced the launch of an awareness campaign on the change of mind. that people could be in touch with voluntarily donating blood to others to save them from harm.
If she knows how to use this power she can do many things to build and repair.
On the other hand, it was reported that last night, there was also a bomb blast in Laban.
Many questions have been raised about the manner of the young woman’s death, but the answers remain unclear.
The reason why the man climbed the Post Light is still unknown.
Through this decision, it will pave the way for strengthening the allocation of funds to the Autonomous District Councils in Assam, Meghalaya, Mizoram and Tripura.
“As the UGC at NEHU allows teachers to contest elections but they have to take leave for at least 10 years, if they win they go to the post of leader and if they lose they go back to university, “We used to be like that in the past, or the rule of the Government doesn't tell us that we are deficit teachers because we don't get old age pension, we pay for illness,” said Babu Nongsiang. we don't get it and we don't get it and we say it should be allowed.
The issue of cleanliness has been one of the longest issues in which the District Council has opposed it and especially during the tenure of Bah Shylla as CEM the Council has stood up against it. The clean marriage should not be established in our country, but even in the midst of the strong opposition of the Council to this clean marriage.
During the visit, it is also expected that there will be a signing of a memorandum of understanding between the two countries for future cooperation.
No change of subjects will be allowed from those that have already occurred and those who wish to apply by email before 21st July
Grace Kharpuri, MDC and candidate from Shella said that as a leader of the area, she knows well about this man who has made a great contribution for the development of tourism in the area. The whole of Sohra.
They also demanded that the backlog of the Garo people in the past years should be included in the census.
This law shall apply immediately until the end of the election period.
Mirbon Jungai, Lecturer Economics, Kiang Nangbah Government College and Principal, Sohra Government College, passed away on 09.05.2024 at 11:30 PM. on 11.05.2024 at 12:00 pm at the Thadlaboh Presbyterian Church, Jowai.
Traditional dances from Jaintia, Khasi and Garo were also performed at the event.
“We are planning to improve the fish market through the funds to be provided by the NFDB,” said Bah Sumer.
Before closing the office, the JSM members sent out all the employees and locked the SDSEO's rooms and blocked the entrance to the office.
Sit also jhieh, stand also stand.
There are no fees for each department.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Meghalaya students, who are all in Manipur, have expressed their gratitude to the state government for taking the initiative to evacuate them from the state which is in the midst of conflict and bloodshed.
If they buy, where will they go to sell when the shops or godowns are not ready to open? Where can they go to break the agricultural products if the godowns have not been opened in Shillong?
Punjab and Karnataka have secured a place in the semi-finals of the 76th Santosh Trophy National Football Championship to be played at the King Fahd Stadium in Riyadh.
Bonucci, whose contract expires next season, began his career at Inter Milan in 2005, where he won the title. They won their first Serie A title in 2005-0
He said the MDA government is a blind government and a government that insults the people and has no right to sit on the throne to rule the state.
The Word of God has to speak to us through the following words: “Let us search and try our ways, and turn again to the Lord” (Psalm 3:40). and know my heart: try me, and know my thoughts: and see if there be any wicked way in me, and lead me in the way everlasting" (Psalms 139: 23,24) England beat Croatia 1-0 in the European Cup with Raheem Sterling scoring in the 57th minute. of the game last night.
The DC's office has received the names of the Rangbah Shnongs of the affected areas. However, the union demands that the DC should suspend the work while not yet completed the payment.
About 30 villages in West Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi including Umthli, Dariphang, Umkiam, Nongspung Umbah, Umdieng Thiang and others will be flooded by the dam and many farmland will be lost.
Nongstoiñ: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has called for an environmental clearance from the State Environment Department. The MoEF&CC and also conducted a public hearing through the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board.
Nongstoiñ: Three Sengbhalang from West Khasi Hills District including the HYC, WYF and HANM today visited Shahalang area to conduct a raid on foreign shops. don't have this area.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Legislative Assembly today pardoned and lifted the punishment of the CEO of Tura Municipal, Zenithsky J Sangma after he apologized in the Legislative Assembly against his complaint against the MLA of Tura Municipal. South Tura to John Leslee K Sangma.
According to Bah Vivek, the four robbed T.69,320 from the driver of the truck, stole a mobile phone of the driver and the follower.
Dr Mukul said that the festivals will allow the people to showcase their culture in dance, dress, music and others. The people who come to showcase their handicrafts will benefit them because there will be many buyers who have never seen such handicrafts before.
“When he gave dinner in 2008 after being elected as Symbud Myntri Rangbah at his house, I went and I was very happy to eat because it was cooked with fish and "I'm sorry," said Bah Sanbor.
Kharkongor urged the local entrepreneurs to come forward to take advantage of various schemes of NEDFi as well as various schemes of the Central Government such as MOVCDNER, National Bamboo Mission and others.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Mardondor Shadap, Adviser of Young Minds, expressed his satisfaction that the Union of Raid Ïapngar Youth Associations together with the Raid have that spirit not only to preserve the Dohkha dohpnat but also to Young Minds also offers to work together to bring unity and work for the good of the community. the community.
“We have begun to find out that AL Hek is one of those who misled the Defense Minister Amit Shah to suspend the implementation of the ILP in our State.
Expressing his surprise that the people of Nongkrem did not vote for former MLA Lambor Malngiang in the 2023 Assembly elections, Tynsong said, “The people called Bah Ardent a boss, but I say it doesn’t make sense if you’re not at all in power.
This was done after the State Government decided to implement the recommendation of the High Level Committee (HLC), which submitted its report on 28th November,
The Best Athlete award in the U-14 boys category went to Damewanshwa Marngar of Maharam Govt Hr Sec School and the girls category. Your name is Nativity Hr Sec Sch.
In the Recurve Bow Division (Women), Janailin Kharpan won.
Shillong: UDP MDC from Umsning constituency Donkupar Sumer on Tuesday said that the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pynshngaiñ N Syiem has violated the law and has mismanaged the financial affairs of the District Council.
In the announcement, the Board will allow the failed matriculation students to take the examination only in the subjects they have failed or the subjects they have been suspended.
Shillong, July 27 : The Meghalaya Chess Association (MCA) will hold the re-election of its office bearers for the 2023-2026 term on 28th July 2023 at Shillong from 10 am.
All tourist spots in the district and tourists or foreigners visiting the district have been closed.
She said that the tit, which they are eating now, is the same one, which my father harvested, from another place which they did not harvest before, called Samentho, which is on the outskirts of the village.
However, among the new areas, not only Meghalaya but also Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh have appeared in the central government's plan.
The party also requests others not to take any fees, as a reminder that in Jowai there are many markets run by various departments of the party.
On the other hand, the MLA of South Shillong Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai, this morning visited the scene of the fire.
The results will be announced on 3rd October.
“This famous Declaration of Human Rights has affirmed that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights and freedoms without discrimination. race, colour, language or any other characteristic,” said the statement. Furthermore, Bah Dino DG Dympep, Chairman of the MPHRC, said, “On this day, We call upon all the citizens to stand together and protect the Human Rights, to support especially those people who are struggling for justice and at the same time It is time to strongly condemn those persons or groups who violate and undermine the status of Human Rights enshrined in accordance with the Constitution or the law itself.
The power lies in the Thylliej, it is he who causes war and it is he who brings peace, let us think.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Staising Kharbteng said that together with the youth, women and elderly people who have donated, a total of 27 people have donated to help three schools. I urge all the residents of Khasi Hills to come forward without waiting for others to do anything. Hey.
Michael has played many roles in films which is also something that the audience has praised him for.
“The students of Class XII of St. Edmund's College helped to hide the child in the outdoor room inside the college.
What is very angry and shocking is the insult to the Pnar villages in the border area and West Karbi Anglong. They are charged with justice by the Assam Police when they go to the fields to cultivate Synsar, Sying, Soh and others or to cultivate Kba in the Hali or Pynthor Kba.
On this occasion, the new office bearers of the Pyndenumiong Branch were elected and confirmed by the leaders of the party including the leaders, Bah George Warjri, President, Sunshine Warjri, General Secretary and several others. and they that followed him were gathered together.
The Forum suggests that the Psiar and Khanduli Sector should not be discussed on the issues of demarcation.
At the time of writing, Nongmensong PS said that no one was injured.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 22 : Khliehmawlieh and Upper New Nongstoin have won the Super Division Football Tournament of the Nongstoin District Sports Association (NDA) at Mawkadiang Village Ground.
The placard was raised by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma during his visit to Tuber Takhniang today to protest against the dewbilat factories which have not implemented the new price announced by the government on 25th November.
Shillong, March 03 : U Prime Minister Narendra Modi has inaugurated the Swarnim Gujarat Sports University at Desar.
Ka Phan Nonglait scheme-A program for those who give birth to daughters from an early age with a contract and assistance of up to 50,000 thousand tyngka.
When they arrived in Sweden, they were married, according to the laws of that country.
In a recent interview, Musk said Twitter must comply with the rules set by the United States on freedom of speech.
All the wards are the same.
Shillong, Jymmang, 13: Ka Young Minds, a group of youths from Ri-bhoi District in 2017 to do charity works for others regardless of race, has been established in On Saturday, the team left for Shillong to distribute food items to the ethnic minorities who have fled from Manipur to Shillong after the bloodshed which started on the 3rd of this month.
A case has been registered against the owner of the coal mine Sherborlang L Mawlong under Sohra PS Case No.12(5)14 u/s 188IPC. The SP of East Khasi Hills has been arrested for violating the NGT rules by illegally mining coal.
Why does God do this? It was because he loved the man so much.
The NPP will contest the elections in Mizoram alone and will seek allies if no party does not have a full seat in the 40-member Assembly. Mizoram.
Dr. Ken Gnanakan, Chancellor of the University, said that it is necessary to promote knowledge in an integrated manner.
BJP MLAs Sanbor Shullai and AL Hek are among the 60 MLAs who passed a resolution in the Legislative Assembly to demand the central government to implement the ILP in in the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Amit Shah today arrived in Shillong for the Plenary Session of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Shillong, on 23rd July the North Eastern Council (NEC).
If Rajendra Singh had accepted the proposal of the British East India Company, the Federation of Khasi States, which was established in 1946 (under the Presidency of Olim Singh Syiem Khyrim), would have become a federation. The second Khasi Hima to sign a treaty with the British East India Company was the Hima Khadsawphra. The treaty was signed in 1926 during the reign of Tirot Singh.
“The residents of the state are not discriminatory, but there are people who have taken advantage of this and the government has not been able to take action,” said Hek. .
About 320 grams of gold were seized from the suspect.
The fire fighting will be held in Mustem and Khliehriat from 5 to 7 pm and from 2 to 4 pm.
Let's drink first," said the mother of the child.
Many allegations have been made against Annu Malik, one of the biggest singers of Bollywood and today, two more women have come forward to accuse Malik of prostitution.
Shillong, Jymmang, 01: As part of the efforts to curb the freedom of movement of foreigners residing in Meghalaya and tourist drivers from Shillong to Guwahati using vehicles without ML number plates, the Shillong City on Friday conducted a check of Trading License and Labor License at the Inter State Bus Terminal (ISBT) Mawiongrim in collaboration with the Mawlai Police Station and the Khasi Enforcement. Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
This violation of the law by the coal owners and truck owners continues almost every day and this can be seen from the arrest of trucks from time to time involved in smuggling coal from Meghalaya to Assam.
Kharshiing said that Dlian had to flee after receiving T.5000/- because of poverty and ignorance.
!At this time, I congratulate the Government of India for finally coming forward on its own to address the issue of the border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam. The implementation of the agreements and commitments as stipulated in the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement (IOA&AA) dated 17 August
“As a State, we will begin to acknowledge the shortcomings and challenges we face, by working again on how to overcome the challenges for change, and I believe that in the next five years , we will see changes," he said.
Speaking at a meeting held at the Auditorium, the Union Minister said that the goal of the Union Government is, “You will be treated in India and come for treatment in India”. They have decided to improve the health system in all aspects by increasing the number of seats for Doctoral Studies.
Many of these protesters were surprised to be summoned to appear before the state government office in charge of urban development.
I promise that we will give them another, opportunity and fill all the vacancies.
Have you ever asked why it is so? The reason is that we have rulers who work for the publishing companies and not for the people.
The organizers have to satisfy him and have programmed him to speak.
The HITO has sent a complaint to the office, alleging that it has violated the provisions of the law and demanded that it should be taken according to the provisions of the law.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC on Saturday beat Rangdajied United FC 4-2 in the Shillong Premier League of the SSA at the JN Stadium.
“I want to know how many states have taken a decision like Meghalaya to oppose the CAA. I see that even the Supreme Court has not issued any order to suspend the CAA,” he said.
This decision was taken during a meeting of the party leaders on 30th July, and a letter was sent to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma.
More than 2,000 people registered from 47 educational institutions in and around the city and about 1,500 students participated in the competition.
In basketball, the men's team defeated Mizoram 88-3
The quarrying in Rani Jirang has been terrible as many beautiful hills and streams have turned into plains along the border from Gunpaty village to Wahsieng Hill which is tens of kilometers long.
Respect the children of the country even if you have to speak only with your hands.
Admitting that there is a stir among the youth, Dr Mukul said, “Why does the MDA government prevent the youth from getting the jobs they deserve?
During the meeting with the delegation led by Bah Stodar Dkhar and Bah Paskha Malangniang along with the elders of the area, the Minister listened to their speeches and issues. which the people of the area have been facing since the closure of the Mawshun project.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Sordar of Mukertila, Bah Phren Kongwang, said that only one vehicle is allowed to pass through the area. There was also a heavy traffic jam where vehicles coming from Dawki and those intending to leave Dawki had to stand in a long line.
“The Ministry of Forests, Environment and Climate Change under the Environment Protection Act 1986 has issued a notice in 2016 clearly stating that to obtain permission to mine shyiap, stone, non-industrial stone.
Thus God spoke in many ways and in many ways.
On the other hand, after receiving a complaint from the public, the union went to inspect the bridge and saw that the bridge has been completed.
The death toll does not include the seven people who died in Telengana on Sunday night while attending a funeral in Nizamuddin.
“The government should ensure that these factories get coal to operate and also to monitor the operation of these factories,” said the order.
Shillong: Mylliem MDC from the HSPDP, Kong Teilinia Thangkhiew, on Tuesday said that she is still seeking advice from the party leaders for the upcoming MDC elections.
The Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah P.Tynsong, has also expressed the need for Hindi especially when traveling abroad. In fact, he who goes and comes, he who doesn't know, understands all these things.
Political parties have been strictly prohibited by the Election Commission from now on to use children to campaign for elections and also in campaign venues, public meetings and election campaigns.
However, on the 7th of this month, police have rescued the child.
Gradually, this behavior of the wealthy candidates or businessmen has forced the residents to elect their leaders, which has brought about a bad attitude on the day of polling. In the past, the people left their homes and decided to vote for the candidate they liked. They didn't have to give money, but Many of those who stand in line to vote are waiting until they don't have enough money to pay. This is a bad habit that we have been taught as the people we should understand.
He said that Flying Squads have been appointed to look into the distribution of money, kyiad or any other items during the election.
The three men allegedly threatened the two men for being in the forest and demanded that they pay a fine.
He recalled that in 2009 when he was a Minister in the government led by Dr DD Lapang, there were four posts which had not been filled in the Labor Department which was held by Dr Mukul Sangma at that time. you are the Symbud Prime Minister.
“We have arrested him today and we are conducting an investigation to find out the truth,” said SP (city) Bah SA Rynjah.
Then he went to the press to announce Lost and Found.
Before breaking the rot ki rong, at about 3.50 pm there was a meeting between the Sangot and the Langdoh with the thanksgiving and the suit ka shor.
Speaking on the road, the Minister recalled that when he was the Leader of the Opposition in the State Legislative Assembly in 2010-2011, he urged to improve the road for the convenience of the people. you're looking for you.
“The clash lasted for about an hour and two GNLA members are believed to have been injured,” said Davies Marak, Chief Police Officer of the district.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 25: The Non Cooperation Movement (NCM) has called for a rally across the state to express its grief over the shooting death of four residents of Shillong. Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills District, on the morning of 22nd November, 2022, witnessed a severe shortage of government employees who went to work at the Main Secretariat, at the Assam Police Station. Additional Secretariat and other offices of the State Government in the heart of Shillong.
Mukhla Raij beat Mynthong 1-0 in the 14th Super Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WSA). WJDSA).
Shillong, Jymmang 13: U Shainsing Marbaniang on Tuesday said that unidentified robbers have left behind a demand letter belonging to the HNLC, in which they demanded T.7 lakh.
He said that the Arts and Culture Department will look for ways and means to connect Nongkseh with Shillong, Mawprem and Mawlai by cable car which will also attract tourists. tourism.
Monitoring is based on reporting and ensuring that everyone receives benefits.
During the inspection, one shop was closed for violating the rules, namely not wearing masks and bringing too many people into the shop. More than 100 people were fined for not wearing masks. masks and smoking in public places.
Besides him, two other half centuries, Hruaizela (57) and Vikash Kmr (67 runs), were also bowled by Arbin Singh (2/92). in 24 overs) and Raj (1/28 in 6 overs).
Before the start of the tree planting, a short meeting was held and a speech was delivered by Bah Wilson Shadap Manner IFS, Chief Conservator of Forests, on the importance of trees and shrubs. I will destroy them.
Hikaidame Bareh scored the second goal in the 21st and 45th minutes.
The Department of Textiles and C&RD, Government of Meghalaya, through the Textiles Department named “Ryndia” & “Tribal Weaves” of Textiles and C&RD together with the handicrafts brought by the Meghalayan Age within the department Your visit to the state will be held at the G20 International Craft Bazaar.
Indeed, peace and stability has begun to return especially after the HNLC has been willing to come to the peace talks table between the state government and the central government.
The TMC in a statement strongly condemned the incident.
The covenant of peace will take place when peace is made, the Jews must rebuild the Temple which they have lost since 70 AD. and the 1st month will begin to be 70 weeks according to Daniel 9:24-2
The total number of recoveries has risen to 675 and the death toll has risen to
Three districts in the State have lagged behind in the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM), although the State has shown to be better in the implementation of the scheme. from the Central Government.
Besides criticizing the Chief Minister of Bihar and JD(U) President Nitish Kumar through his critics, Tejashwi also criticized Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the opportunities. at his meetings held during the Jan Vishwas Yatra in Gaya.
There are also some who said that if the government wants to ban plastic, it should shut down the plastic factories.
To confirm this, the word Kamakhya has no meaning in any Hindustan language, which shows that the origin is from the Khasi-Ka Mei Kha language.
It has been confirmed that some people have been employed in the Railway Department by donating and purchasing land to Yadav's family and his assistants during the time of Prasad's death. He was the Minister in charge of Railways in the UPA government from 2004 to
Jomsing Pariat became the winner of the match after leading Mookyndur to the win.
After more than two days of invasion of villages in Lad Demthring, West Jaintia Hills District, flocks of Pukni birds have suddenly invaded the meat shops near the Amlarem-Dawki Road due to the famine.
"It's a great honor," Obama said when asked by reporters about his presence to be the chief guest at tomorrow's Republic Day celebrations.
Amitabh Bachchan, one of Bollywood's biggest stars, has now admitted that he is one of those who have contracted TB and is now living a life in which only 25 percent of his liver or kidneys are functioning. your heart.
The neighboring villages are Sohparu and Lawse to the east.
Romans 11:1
The most difficult days seem to be waiting to happen to the state if the state government and the people are not vigilant while there is still time.
When the Lyngngam saw the trick of the Dkhars, later they did not allow the Dkhars to come to their lands.
Daiapherbha Lamare, Secretary Narpuh District Sports Association, said that this year, 29 teams from different villages in Narpuh District will participate in the tournament.
“Remember that comments (on social media) are very important because your children also hold mobile phones and read what you comment on which changes their minds and will affect they.
“It is the burden on the state government now that they have to pay all the debt that has been sustained for 10 years within 2 or 3 months.
Noting that the money spent on COVID-19 has not come from the DHS (MI), Dr War said, “For that reason, I don't know how they spent it. the balance amounting to over Rs 800 crore.
The HNYF has expressed its surprise at the central government's decision to remove the NEEPO office without informing the Meghalaya government.
Yes! There are problems faced by farmers from time to time in many areas which can discourage them.
I looked at the health department.
Therefore , what they are afraid of is that the companies themselves want to make money for themselves , and when they come they can cut the prices of their goods as much as they want long tang to companies.
In a statement, the KSU said that the problems in education in the state include the increase in tuition fees of some schools especially private schools without any light, which has appeared as schools they only wanted money and did not care about the plight of the parents of the students, and she said that this had a negative impact on the students who came from poor families.
The turnout in Delhi today reached 61.76 per cent, down from 67.12 per cent in 2015 and 65.63 per cent in
Police have taken possession of the body and completed the requirements of the law and the family members have requested for the release of the postmortem which the magistrate has also given his approval.
Out of the 591 cases, 9 cases have been confirmed in East Garo Hills, 5 cases are high risk and 3 cases are ILI, one case from abroad.
Explaining about this dance, Samuel Lamin Gadiang said that in the past, these dances were performed when our ancestors won the war or when the agriculture was good, but the origin of this dance is you shad win thma.
The Rangbah Shnongs said that they have not yet understood or received any clarification on this order.
When asked about this, Bah Mawthoh said, “On the part of the party and I, as the general secretary, I don't have any information on this, but maybe on the part of Dr Don, he may have. more information",.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that health care is the top priority of the Government.
“There are some Khasi who have come to complain to the Seng that they have been collected taxes from synsar, shyiap, maw and so on and the District Council has not respected the court. state".
Schools should be closed.
“I cannot say anything at present, as this matter will go to the Cabinet for a decision. The Administrator's Rule is subject to the approval of the Cabinet,” said Bah Hamlet.
The gates of the Transport and DMR Departments are closed while the police stations have no authority to stop them.
He said the department hopes to hand over the building in the first month of October.
If the storm is severe and prolonged, it is best not to use or turn on electrical appliances such as mobile phones, wires, radios, televisions and other electrical appliances.
We would like to extend our special thanks to the paid Khasi people who have supported the Revolution.
At the same time, the union has visited many places where there are network towers and to ask questions from the security guards. These guards did not stay here and the gate was left open and unlocked and we did not have the opportunity to meet face to face.
The court in this order, sentenced the suspect to imprisonment for up to 30 years and a fine of T.50,000 under Section 6 of the POCSO Act, with a sentence of imprisonment for more than 6 months if he fails to pay the fine. Shillong, Lber, 28: Up to Rs 349 crore has been allocated till the end of June for the Implementation of Smart City Project in Shillong.
He said that the government has agreed to revise the reservation but the VPP will continue to ensure that the appointment by the government should not go slowly where only people who have knowledge or experience should be appointed.
The total revenue collection amounted to T.21,781 crore of which revenue receipt was T.19,414 crore and capital receipt was T.2,366 crore, he said.
The smaller ones, the price of money is lower and the more act longialam, the price is higher.
The Principal's room is in the front engine.
Many places in the world live in poverty just because their location is beautiful.
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Meraldalis said that at the time of the incident, she was not at home and went to work, but only her children were inside. 10 year card.
For this reason, the government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has set up the Meghalaya Medical Council (MMC) to look into these issues and especially the shortage of doctors in the state.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sohphoh said that under his jurisdiction, two shops have been closed down due to lack of trading license while one has been confiscated.
In the second half, India won 1-0 through Manpreet Singh.
Earlier, Shri Shambhu Singh, Joint Secretary, Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, had sent the same request to the Government of Meghalaya from the State Government of Meghalaya through a letter dated 18th November They have written and spoken to the Chief Minister through a letter dated 23rd July
But now we have received a land which is a blessing to us all.
According to the NIA, the accused was identified as Anandi Paswan, also known as Anand Paswan (46). complaints have been lodged at several police stations in Bihar.
“Why should we force those who want to flee, why should we arrest them, they are free to leave if they don't want to.
The CBI has arrested Sisodia on charges of corruption in connection with the drafting and implementation of the Delhi Excise Policy 2021-2 an.
Police from the Army, Navy and Air Force as well as the NDRF and ODRAF have come to the scene to provide assistance.
God is the Creator of the universe, so He has created a special place for His dwelling place which humans cannot reach by their own wisdom.
Nongpoh: A youth was seriously injured when he was hit by a Mahindra Pick-up driven by a drunk man on the Service Lane in Pahamsohthri, Nongpoh. jawsheh.
Therefore, maintaining the presence of antioxidants in the body is essential to fight against those oxidants or free radicals in the body.
Laitlulong SC will play against Madan S&CC at 5 pm today. The second match will be played at 6:30 pm between Iatyllilang SC will play against Mawlynrei SC at the 3rd Ground MFA Turf, Polo.
The decision was taken on a complaint by the Editor and Publisher of the newspaper, which was heard by Ranjan Gogoi Chief. Justice of the Supreme Court.
The tournament was organized by the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills and the District Planning Officer, Jowai in collaboration with the Jaintia Hills Chess Association and Meghalaya Chess Association.
It was through Dippu that Meghalaya broke the tie with Arunachal (who scored 62 runs before the loss of the fourth wicket) and it was Dippu who dropped Techi Neri (player of Arunachal). earned 46 runs).
Aryna Sabalenka, one of the best women's tennis players in the current Madrid Open, has defeated her opponent with a strong match. Mayar Sherif beat Mayar Sherif 2-6, 6-2, 6-1 in their quarterfinal match.
The Kner Da Jingieit Group from Shillong under the leadership of Pastor TP Kurbah and Bah Jesse James L Nongpyuir together with their friends have donated blankets and household items to several families in Syrpoo Sutnga. 28th of this month.
Shillong, July 18: To encourage the teachers of the Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSTA) to attend the 35th Anniversary of the KJDSTA. The state government has announced a complete holiday for all deficit teachers from primary to higher secondary schools in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
In terms of the game, the match was very interesting as both the teams were very strong.
It is not good to give equal treatment to men and women because in the burden of poverty, sickness, death and life it is only the daughters who carry the burden and responsibility when it comes to household chores.
There are some others who come to work at 12 o'clock.
Furthermore, free rice, ie rice under the PMGKAY scheme, will be distributed at 5 kilos per capita for those who do not have AAY and PHH ration cards. All FPS dealers have been directed not to distribute any food items under the PMGKAY, NFSA and Non-NFSA schemes. Those farmers who do not have Aadhaar Card and those who have lost their ration cards.
“We have seen in the newspapers the desire of MLAs especially from the Congress to join the NPP but it is not final yet as the talks are ongoing,” he said.
Leaders and office bearers of the Jaintia National Council who were confirmed on the occasion include President, Sambormi Lyngdoh, Vice President, Ency Shadap and Nangjan Dkhar, General Secretary, Wanshwa Suting, Assistant Secretary. , Training Phawa, Chief Organizing Secretary, Philip Bamon, Education Secretary, Diamond Bareh, Environment Secretary, Synjay Bareh and Nini Sungoh, Sport Secretary, Rimiki Dkhar and Mehun Nongtdu and others.
In this year 2023, on the 30th November, 161 years have passed without understanding, and the whole country mourns on this day because the French Government has taken the life of Woh Kiang Nangbah.
Former Governor RS Mooshahary, who is a visitor to the university, has lodged a complaint against the CMJ University and the Chancellor for allegedly issuing fake certificates to hundreds of students of the university.
The Executive Member of Raid Tynring Branch, Bah Damehi Warpakyntein, while talking to reporters at the KHADC, said that the protest was due to the lack of answer as promised. The KHADC authorities have requested that the suspension of the Sordar be lifted within the 5th.
Write “Response” instead of “Response”.
In the Under-14 Boys, North Liberty HSS beat Little Flower HSS School 1-0 while in the Under-17 Girls, North Liberty HSS beat Mihmyntdu SS 7-0
The origin and establishment of Rymbai Elaka in Jaintia Hills is difficult to conclude because there are no accurate records to prove it. The Elaka under the Dorbar 'Ri Khat ar Doloi, this has raised doubts among the residents about the existence of the Elaka.
Shillong, Naittung 20: The Sports Department of North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) on Friday launched the NEHU Sports Tournament. Inter College Badminton for Men & Women and also Table Tennis for Men & Women.
She said that among those arrested by the police, none were from Lawsohtun.
Every signature collected is a voice against tobacco, which encourages us to fight for freedom from the bondage of tobacco and for a world free from tobacco.
On the other hand, Dr. Mukul said that the reason for making him contest from two constituencies is because of the demand of the people from these constituencies and it is also a trick of the party to ensure that 2- Jowai (ST) A.Andrew Shullai (MDC) 4- Mawkoiaw (ST) Lasting Suchiang6- Khliehriat (ST) Sunida Bareh7- Amlarem (ST) Alban K Gashnga8 - Jirang (ST) Sunmoon D Marak11- Umsning (ST) Gilbert Nongrum12- Umroi (ST) George B Lyngdoh (MLA)13- Mawryngkneng (ST) Banshanlang Lawai14- Pynthorumkhrah (Gendoh) Samborlang Dieng North Shillong (ST) Elgiva Gwyneth Rynjah18- West Shillong(Gen) Iwan Maria19- South Shillong(Gen) Ian A Lyngdoh Nongkynrih20- Mylliem (ST) Gilbert Guidingstar Laloo21- Nongthymmai (ST) Charles Pyngrope (W,A)22- Nongkrem ( ST) Joannes Jefferson Tyler Lamphrang Lamare23- Sohiong (ST) Stodingstar Thabah24- Mawphlang (ST) Mawkordor Rynjah25- Mawsynram (ST) Vincent T Sangma26- Shella (ST) Playness Khiewtam27- Pynursla (ST) Edmund Khonghraming (ST) So Khongsit29- Mawkynrew (ST) Dondor Marbaniang32- Nongstoin (ST) Macmillan Kharbani33- Rambrai—JyrngamST Fernandez S Dkhar34- Mawshynrut (ST) Justine G Momin35- Ranikor(ST) Savio Phrangsngi Dkharnder36 (ST) Cajeu3r Sokyrwa Cherak Watre Momin (IVDC)38- Mendipathar (ST) Pardinand D.Shira (Ivoc)39- Resubelpara(ST) Rinaldo K Sangma (IvDC)40- Bajengdoba (ST) Tengrak R Marak41- Songsak (ST) Dr.Mukul M Sangma 42- Rongjeng (ST) Sengnam M Marak 43- Williamnagar (ST) Alphonsush RO Marak O/DC) 44- Raksamgre (ST) Dr. Prabir D Sangma 45- Tikrikilla (ST) Dr. Mukul M Sangma 46- Phulbari (Gen) S G Esmatur Mominin (W.JA)47- Rajabala (Gen) Dro Mohammed Mizanur Rahamankazi48- Selsella(ST) Agassi R Marak (NIDC)49- Dadengre (ST) Rupa M Marak50- North Tura (ST) Rupert M Sangma51- South Tura (ST) Richard Mrong Marak52- Rangsakona (ST) Zenith M Sangma (WuA)53- Ampati (ST) Mimi Daibot Shira (MLA)54- Mahendraganj (ST) Dikkanchi Dalbot Shira (N/ILA)55- Salmanpara (ST) Winnerson D Sangma ( TWA)56- Gambegre (ST) Smt.
Therefore, the people should be careful not to be happy with the money because the people's rule is no longer enough to elect the right candidates.
When such incidents occur, the Dorbar Shnong strongly condemns these fraudsters, because just because of the robbery by these three persons, it has affected the dignity of the village as a whole.
It also aims to unite all parts of the Pakistani and Afghan Taliban into one group, the report said.
What we can suspect is that those who went to the riots were from the parties opposed to the National People's Party (NPP) and not a sudden crowd.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: Youths of the Meghalaya Youth Congress (MYC) on Saturday distributed water to the people standing in line across the banks in the state.
“Even in the midst of those difficulties, there are still those who come to deceive us and say elect our party, we will bring milk and honey.
They are the number 2 drugs! Now a new disease has emerged from northern Bangladesh, through Assam and it spreads directly to the wombs of young women (i.
These students who should have been selected for the post of Assistant Teachers in English subject and who have completed the written test and personal interview since June 2018, have not yet received the results, because The Managing Committee of Laitumkhrah Assamese Secondary School has conducted another written test to select new candidates this month, without releasing the results. year 2018.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Nongkhyriem, Nongthymmai on 12.09.2019 has decided to inform the residents and shopkeepers within the boundary of Nongkhyriem Village. to use plastic bags and this will come into force from
Our state has been suffering from this shrip for the last 50 years and now it is time to revive it.
Shillong: Criticizing the Congress MP from Shillong and MPPC President Vincent H Pala, Meghalaya BJP Vice President Wankitbok Pohshna said, “The Congress should not explain to them about freedom of religion”. .
And it is by the shedding of the blood of Jesus that those who were held in bondage by the fear of death to Satan were set free.
Kashyap has also appointed coaches of Mohun Bagan, ONGC, Salgaocar, Mumbai FC and Aizawl FC. He has also appointed as assistant to Cesar Farias at Northeast United FC in
You have your own household to eat and drink while you have your own food.
“It doesn't matter, we can give a new look to the auditorium and the complex which has been left for a long time without maintenance or improvement,” he said.
It is to be recalled that the PWD has repaired the bridge two or three times and has also had to block the traffic of motors. I'm sorry for the joy of going and coming.
The office bearers of HITO Mawranglang Zone are Bitnam Nongsiej as President, Shanbor Jyrwa and Lendarson Lyngkhoi as Vice President, Johny Maroi Lyngdoh as General Secretary and Hopeful Wanniang as General Secretary. Assistant Secretary, Finance Secretary, Shemphanglin K.Syiemlieh as Publicity Secretary, Pynshngaiñ K.Syiemlieh as Education Secretary, Twice Boyance Marweiñ as Office Secretary and other members. .
“The Central Government through the National Program for Dairy Development is helping the cow farmers by supporting and empowering them to produce more milk which can be used to make various foods,” said Bah Shangpliang. The Diary Development will encourage the farmers to revive the Milk Union so that they can run their own processing plant at Mukhla to produce up to 10,000 liters of milk per day.
“We are pleased that they have expressed the voice of the people of the district but just to express it in the news is not enough, we remind you that we have written in the past to demand from these two MLAs. and to all the MLAs of Meghalaya to submit an Official Resolution (OR) in the Legislative Assembly while the Synrai Legislative Assembly is in progress, and to all the MLAs of Meghalaya who are against the mining of uranium. “We demand from the Government of India to immediately stop the mining of UCIL in the State and to close down all UCIL offices in Meghalaya,” said the statement.
Prestone explained that the appointment of W.Khyllep for this post is because he is already a retired IAS officer and he comes from the rank of IAS. the law.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District has laid down rules for the candidates to contest the MLA election to the State Legislative Assembly in order to maintain peace and order and to hold a clean and transparent election.
The HNLC member has been arrested four times before.
I would like to thank you all for your support. Let us hold fast to our fellow countrymen, especially the youth of our country, women and men, let us surprise people to love and respect each other. To hold and remember the words of advice of my father and mother to take care of my own life to avoid child marriage especially from bloodless marriage to improve the traditional household of Ri-Khasi Step up in income, education and employment to improve the society of our country.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Lumdiengjri, Shillong, has spoken to the village leaders including the Rangbah Shnong of Lumdiengjri, Bah Jolsing Rani, Assistant Rangbah Shnong and Assistant Secretary Babit Rynjah.
Witting said that SSA teachers in West Khasi Hills have come to him to complain about the lack of salary and he himself is concerned. from October to March 2015 but since that month the teachers have not received their salaries at all.
He recalled the work done by the AITC during the election of the new President of the country where the TMC supported Yaswanth Sinha, although they did not know that Droupadi Murmu. she will be the first President from another ethnic group.
Speaking at the Fit India Movement programme, Sangma said, “I appeal to government employees, students and anyone who wants to take part to walk to their workplaces. Tuesdays".
Carols became even more popular after Francis of Assisi encouraged them in
On the other hand, the Secretary of the Meghalaya Professional Boxing Council (MPBC) Kampherkii Thangkhiew expressed his gratitude to the coaches who have worked hard physically and mentally to prepare Shanbor to take part in the tournament. different rhythms.
It is worth mentioning that the public can deposit T.2,000 in their bank accounts or exchange these notes and get others from any bank from 23rd June. , 2023.
The Minister expressed her regret that Shillong, which was considered to be the center of education, has now disappeared, and said that the government will strive to restore this glory. Shillong, to make Shillong a center of education once again, so that foreigners can come to the state to study.
Those couples have lost their love for each other until it has led them back to the bondage of destruction until they have lost their love for each other.
In the Shillong Parliamentary seat, Voice of the People Party (VPP) candidate Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon received more than 571,078 votes, Congress candidate Vincent H Pala received 199,168 votes. NPP received 186488 votes, Robertjune Kharjahrin United Democratic Party candidate 44563 votes, Prof. Lakhon Kma (Independent) 18582 votes and Peter Shallam (Independent) – 7024 votes, NOTA – 11008 votes.
However, the people today, although they are educated and know better about the clean and dirty air, it is they themselves, especially those in power, who auction them for profit.
We are still investigating and it is understood that the reason is that he was angry with his wife and abused his children.
Compared to the 3083 Polling Stations in 2018, the total number of Polling Stations has increased to
She said there may be a mistake in the management but it is not a big deal and they don't want to increase it lest it affect the staff and patients.
In Khasi-Jaintia, and in the hills of India as a whole, they plant rice in raised beds, because I believe there is a lot of rainfall and because it causes more damage. iong on the mountains rather than in the desert.
At the same time, he said that the opening of this Community Resource Center (CRC) will be one of the ways to provide assistance to many people who will be able to use it as meetings and others. other to programs.
The mid-term elections in Shella will be held after the sudden death of MLA Dr Donkupar Roy recently.
This is the duty that we all must take responsibility to fulfill in order to get out of this lockdown.
In other states or countries, congestion is always there but having strong laws and visionary rulers makes cities run smoothly.
In Delhi, there are 168 policemen who have tested positive for Covid-19 and 57 of them have recovered.
It was observed that in many shops now, they have reduced the number of Khasi cassettes and Khasi movies but they have increased the number of Hindi and English songs and movies. one is cheaper, while the English or Hindi cassette contains many movies and songs while the Khasi cassette contains only one movie and only 8 or 10 songs, compared to The price is too high for Hindi or English cassettes.
The Skul Seng Khasi also aims to help especially those children who come from poor families.
They demanded that the Assam government should pay compensation within 10 days to these four families whose farmland has been destroyed and vowed to protest until they get their rights.
He said that the government's actions show that it is a corruption, whether it is in any buildings that have been exposed, through the collapse of bridges, the collapse of the Dome of the Assembly and others.
He said that the approach to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government is necessary to expedite the passage of the VAB. , you don't have to worry about the VAB and you don't have to go to the district council.
Manbha Kumar Haijam Syiem, a close associate of Victoria, has been arrested by the Assam Police.
“Don't wait for others to speak for our farmers, fight for yourselves. Others can only speak in words that they care about us farmers and they can also say that we are the budlum of the country and the nation. , but I don't know,” said Shangpliang.
After retiring from playing, Bah Shilling helped to take over as coach of Umpling SC and other teams participating in the Shillong League.
As a state blessed with natural resources and forests, it is necessary to take measures to manage and manage natural resources properly and forest development.
ft).
I don't want to make any comment now because we have to think carefully especially that Meghalaya is a state that other states have to pass through like Assam when they go to the parts of the country. Assam is bordered by Tripura.
Explaining on the recent collapse of the Dome of the newly constructed Legislative Assembly, the NPP President said, “The Assembly is not in charge of us the government but the Assembly itself. On the other hand, he said that they are not surprised to see such statements from the Opposition.
Ministers and Secretaries of Mawranglang, Mawten, Rangmaw, Photjaud, Nongkdait, Nongktieh, Plangdiloin, Umpung, Mawrap and Nonglang were also present.
Today, the two organizations met with the Vice Chancellor of NEHU to discuss their demand.
Usha has been organizing this award every year since
Before being taken to the cemetery, the body of Bah Walter was laid to rest at his residence in Mawlai Nonglum Shillong.
“We have appointed an administrator in Krang, where we have suspended the Acting Lyngdoh, in order to resolve this issue.
On the education front, he said that there are 1700 secondary schools which have received assistance from the RMSA scheme of the central government, and there are also 9 schools which are in the process of being built in 9 schools. Blocks are not backwards.
The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills, Rosetta Mary Kurbah, on Tuesday imposed Section 144 CrPC to prohibit the gathering of people near the Meghalaya Secretariat and the Raj Bhavan.
He said that this school is the only one which has provided services up to Class XII from Arts, Commerce and Science Stream in the eastern part of Bhoi District to the Assam border.
The suicide bomber was involved in a suicide bombing at Bakoliaghat, Karbi Anglong on 24th November in which two people were killed and 20 others injured.
Speaking as the chief guest, Ma Rymbui urged the youth to maintain good manners and to avoid bad habits, which affect the society.
It is time for the people of the state not to be deceived by the jali jaum of the election campaigners but to look and judge carefully what their leader has done in the past five years. not only for their own benefit but for the benefit of the community, the region and the constituency as a whole.
However, this morning he shot and bombed her until she died.
Those who have taken the examination for subjects which they have not had the opportunity to take will not be allowed to take again those subjects which they have already taken. The application is not the only way to sit for this special examination at this time.
So far, he said that he has practiced these Hindi songs and there are 40 songs that he has prepared so far.
Without doubt, the same explanation was given on the opening of other Metal Container shops.
On the part of the Director, he promised to resolve the issues raised by the union as soon as possible and promised that there will be no more issues in the future.
The body of the youth was taken to Khliehriat CHC for post mortem tomorrow.
In Wahlyngkhat GS Circle, the villages are Langkawet, Lyting Lyngdoh, Wahlyngkhat, Nongblai, Shuthim, Laitsuthim, Lait Mynrieng and Mynrieng.
According to sources, these areas which the Assam and Meghalaya governments have not yet reached an agreement on are in parts of Ri Bhoi District and one in West. Khasi Hills District.
For one is your Leader, the Lord Jesus Christ.
However, Atharva Taide tied 55 runs from 42 balls and Liam Livingstone 94 runs from 48 balls, Punjab were saved from defeat.
Shylla was angry with Kennedy's remarks during the election campaign for Congress candidate Lambor Nongrum, saying that the Lineage Act affects the people. The Bill was passed during the tenure of CEM Bah Shylla.
We should not hold a public meeting to discuss this annual fire without any change.
Brazil and Switzerland, who have already played once and have three points each, are in Group G. Cameroon scored the first goal through Jean Charles Casteletto in the 29th minute, through this goal, Serbia started to fight hard and witnessed the game became more interesting, but before the end of the second half through an extra. Serbia scored two goals in two minutes through Strahinja Pavlovic (45+1) and Sergej Milinkovic-Savic (45+3).
The funeral service of Dahacianlang will be held tomorrow 18/08/2021 at the cemetery of Jowai Presbyterian Church.
We are preparing to build some more blocks and civil sub divisions so that the public can see the work,” he said.
The newly formed state, which has started to build roads across the country, has to rely on vehicles, goods and transportation.
The KSU also urges those who have been in office once the term has expired to retire, not to take over or continue in their posts so that it will allow others to take over and showcase their skills in the field. effectiveness because there are still many officers who can take over this responsibility.
Pynshngaiñ said the KHADC has allocated T.40 lakh for the Monolith Festival while T.35 lakh is a loan.
“I personally cannot accept the sudden passing away of her because she loved me and her since we were in school, college and until she passed away. this world.
After this, a notification regarding the renaming of roads and places was also issued to the relatives of those who have been named.
The people are now happy to sit and stay because they are happy because they see that the MLA is taking care of any of our problems.
The Director General of Police (DGP) Dr LR Bishnoi on Tuesday said that the drug seizure in the state in the last two years has reached T.300 crore and there have been 610 drug seizures. Twenty-two people involved have been arrested.
The body was handed over to Ramchandra Chouhan and he expressed his gratitude to the police for taking action. Assam and Manipur to recover his vehicle.
How do we know that? Daniel says, “And from the time that the burnt offering shall be taken away, and the abomination that maketh desolate set up, there shall be a thousand two hundred and ninety days.
This PMGSY road has a length of 9.966 Km.
A total of 495 people have been convicted since the NGT banned illegal mining and quarrying of coal in the state.
The exhibition was attended by 30 stalls, where the products including clothes made by the people of Meghalaya, handicrafts, food items were exhibited. various, including ashar and others.
He said that this Sub Center will provide services to the sick in 10 villages in West Khasi Hills District.
SWKH lost 10 wickets for 107 runs.
After the Sengbhalang had read out these 52 laws after a meeting with the Sengbhalang on 15th July.
As one of the members of the Committee specially appointed by the State Government for the struggle for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India, he expressed his surprise at the delay. of the Government to send the matter to the Government of India for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
When asked, the Rangbah Shnong said, “The village has taken a better step – not only to continue the march but we have also made the arrangement and this will continue.
They obeyed the voice of the LORD their God.
Shillong: The Junior Endeavor Society Mawkhar, Mawkhar Presbyterian Church, will hold a Christmas Carol on the 17th November 2018 at the church grounds. Mawkhar Presbyterian Church from 11:00 pm.
According to Guarav, development projects in the state have been brought by the Congress government like IIM, NEIGHRIMS and others.
“It is necessary for the government to take care of the state electricity department and find ways to generate electricity according to the needs of the state.
The incident occurred at 3.15 pm, when the train coming from the opposite direction could not control and thus went straight and hit the bus, which was carrying 48 passengers.
The Chief Minister was speaking at the opening of the Subregional Capacity Building Workshop for Bangladesh, Bhutan, India and Nepal (BBIN) Connectivity at Taj Vivanta. , Shillong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: Police today arrested a youth named Faster Wahlong, 23, from Polo Market. They have suspected that he was involved in the petrol bomb blast at a wine store in Khyndailad last night.
In the Upper Division Football Tournament, the semifinal will be played today, November 5, between Sohlawiat SC vs Lumpynngad SC and Syndai Kmai Shnong vs Pamtbuh SC. CUET Awareness Program at the college hall on 4th November.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has sent a petition to the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi demanding the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya. Meghalaya has signed the Indo-Nepal Friendship Treaty.
The Netherlands opened the scoring through Cody Gakpo in the 26th minute and Frankie de Jong in the 49th minute.
The group has also elected the leaders of the Women Wing and the Youth Wing to work hard to raise awareness among the youth and women on the goals of the group. region, country and nation as a whole.
Maradona reportedly said, "I don't feel strong at all" and immediately went to bed and fell asleep and died.
Shillong, March 11: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal has announced a ban on the sale of liquor from 12th to 14th March
Shillong, November 2022: The Nehru Yuva Kendra Shillong, together with the world, celebrated the International Volunteers Day on 5th November 2022 on the theme of Solidarity through Volunteering. .
Alpha English Higher Secondary School, Nongpoh today after writing the examinations from Class Nursery to Class X of the year 2022 has announced the results of the students. Those who have passed the examination will be promoted and the school will be running smoothly as announced by the school authorities.
“The BJP will contest the MP election and we also want to field candidates from both Shillong and Tura,” he told reporters.
“Who is involved in politics, who wants to honor the ARPA or the PDF?” asked Ardent.
The Pastor said that at the square it has been decided not to allow any political party or political party to hold meetings or protests except school meetings and churches.
Besides, there are also tents which people can take to stay near the river, said Pyndap.
When asked how to treat those who live in Khyndai Lad, Bah Paul said, “There are many things that can be done, but the issue is this, the interest of the state comes first. that of 35 lakh or will come before the benefit of 3 people.
Their claim may be true, but not all those who burn rnga are coal miners, because the burning of rnga has started since the National Green Tribunal (NGT) has not banned coal mining.
In the first match, Lad Lakadong FT beat Lad Lakadong FT 3-0 at 11:00 AM. col.
“However, all this will be achieved after the completion of the recruitment of more than 3000 policemen and 500 volunteers of the Home Guard.
Shillong, July 28: A few days ago, the GS Road from Motphran-Umsohsun and Bijoy area has been closed due to the increasing number of land vendors by the Municipal Department. kjat bad you lynter the road.
It is important for families to be vigilant and as parents we need to take good care of our children.
However, the MBOSE has sent a letter to the Under Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya Education Department and a copy has been sent to the Association. 9th September 2019, she encouraged these teachers by saying that they are too busy this year due to the preparations for the two examinations, the SSLC and HSSLC.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: Two Meghalaya policemen have been killed after being shot dead by GNLA suspects at Rewak village near Siju. South Garo Hills today.
Russia has 40,000 troops in eastern Ukraine and another 40,000 in Crimea.
He said that his election campaign is not only for his own victory but also for the victory of the nation and the principles on which he stands.
Jowai, Naiwieng 17: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 was held by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Thursday at Nangbah Stadium. Stadium, Northeast Jowai.
KSU Central Body President Lambokstarwell Marngar, Shaphrang Pynkhlong, former President KSU Narpuh Circle, Cherity Suja GS KSU JHDU, Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew, Vice President Wallam Nongse, KSU CEC were present at the meeting. KSU Delhi Unit and Alrick Kharjana Finance Secretary KSU Lawsohtun Unit.
“However, the NPP should remember that it cannot attract MLAs who have their own grounds,” he said.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday ordered to conduct surprise searches of army vehicles on allegations of smuggling of drugs into the state by army trucks. who usually escape searches.
For the Police Officers, the Commission has directed that IGPs, DIGs, Commandants, SSPs, SPs, Addl.SPs, SDPOs, SHOs, Inspectors, SIs, RIs, Sergeant Majors and others involved in the Look at the security during the election.
According to a statement issued by the West Khasi Hills District Chess Association, the tournament was divided into various categories, including players under 12 years old, 15 years old and under 18 years old. It is learned that the organization is ready to open the tournament from the 8th of November at 9.30 pm.
On the other hand, Mizoram has threatened not to buy food items from neighboring countries if Assam does not allow trucks carrying goods to enter Assam.
The Meghalaya Sport Climbing and Mountaineering Association (MeSCMA) has announced that one of the Executive Members of the Meghalaya Sport Climbing and Mountaineering Association (MeSCMA) has appointed Bah Teimiki Sungoh from Shangpung. won first place in the Rock Climbing Competition in Darjeeling.
The government has focused too much on the distribution of schemes.
“The Joint Secretary to the Coal Department of the Union Government has decided to visit the sites and meet with the Central Government to consider the Mining Plan and make it public.
Especially in this age and if the issues of the people can be resolved through peace talks between the two governments and the HNLC, if they can be resolved it will be a benefit to our state. it is for you to live in peace.
On the other hand, BJP spokesperson Mariahom Kharkrang said, “The Congress has clearly understood and has declined and lost power with the passing of the days as the BJP's vote has increased.
On this occasion, the Chief Guests and the Symbud Chief Guest also launched the memorial book of the party and concluded with the lowering of the jubilee flag.
“I have suggested from the beginning that the Act East Policy should be introduced.
Therefore, my fellow countrymen, let us think again to unite with one mind, one goal or under the same flag as our ancestors did in the past when the Sohpetbneng was cut off by gathering together the people of Hynniewtrep. Hynniawwasa in the dorbar to find out the reasons why we have been thrown into darkness, and to find a foundation that will give us light and that will bind us back in the same lyngwiar ka shlem. of the idea of ​​rebuilding this lost nation of ours which has now walked blindly without guides to where it will go.
American scientist Daphne Miller says that people who eat organic food and wild fruits are less likely to get sick.
The NPP-led group, which includes the GNC, BJP and independent MDCs, has been named the Garo Hills Progressive Alliance.
If there is no candidate, anyone who wants to join and apply for a ticket can do so and we will not have any restriction on the same," he added.
The tourism service allows residents to feed the tourist areas by raising chickens, pigs and cows, fish farming, as well as growing vegetables, all four seasons, and planting tit, to meet the needs of food items in tourist areas.
Romans 11:25, which means that half of Israel had a spiritual blindness in which they did not recognize their messiah, who was Christ the Lord.
We shall be slaves in our own land.
She said that she will not resign at all as she is one of the leaders who took part in the formation of the PDF party while Bah Pynshngaiñ joined the party before the elections.
The Forum expresses its regret and surprise that the Council does not have a map and does not know, does not have records of its Jurisdiction Area! This shows that the J.H.A.D.C has not done anything for the sake of the Pud U Sam, the land, the Shyiap, the country and the people.
They also know that these foreigners send money every month to their relatives in Nepal, Bihar, Assam, Jharkhand, Uttar Pradesh, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Rajasthan and around the world. In India, you can apply for a Money Order (M.O.) through a Post Office or a Check through a Bank.
Earlier, Dr Mukul had criticized the NPP for supporting the CAA as shown in the speech of Tura MP Agatha K Sangma in Parliament in recent months.
Man remains in darkness, wonder, and sin because there is no Savior and Advocate.
The order said that as informed by the BSF, the AOR of 172Bn has been involved in the smuggling of cows or goods and other items such as kwai, kha tyrkhong, biri, cigarettes, slasha. and others.
Shillong, November 18: The Meghalaya Speed ​​Skating Association (MSSA) on Saturday concluded the 2nd Meghalaya Open Speed ​​Skating Championship
This comes after she did not perform well and dropped from the position she held all the time.
The mother of the child said that after she asked a doctor to look after the child, the doctor took the child to check the temperature and weight and for a while she They said that they didn't know the child anymore.
The reopening of the Administrative Building will be reopened from the second day after the cleaning and disinfection of the building.
Crores of rupees have been paid by the people to the Government as taxes for roads, schools, water supply, medicines, licenses, transport, bill lights, etc. When the Government doesn't do well, the money of the people goes to the pockets of Ministers, Officers and Business Associates.
In the second month she will focus on Yoga and AYUSH for food (yoga classes for widows, youth and girls).
According to information, it is understood that the teachers will continue their strike in these days if the government does not call for talks with them or remains silent.
Because of my loyalty to the HSPDP party, the people have elected me to be the leader of this party.
The JHDS conducted the Residential Skill Training from 17th March to 1st November at Samanlang Socio Cultural Pastoral Centre, Bishop House, Lumbih Syntu, Mihmyntdu, Jowai.
Our Christian homes are not immune to the influence of the Internet.
It is necessary to check whether those trees are still there or whether they have been destroyed by the fire because of the enemy's destruction of the forests.
The meeting was conducted by KSU Nongpoh Circle General Secretary.
The boys hostel is also undergoing repairs and no application forms have been issued to the students who wish to stay in the hostel.
They said that the relationship, in which there is no longer any secret to each other, has destroyed their love and has also thwarted their intention to write.
However, as soon as the Home Guard saw the police, the people inside came out and fled. Two of them were men and one was a woman.
This unbelief is still at work among the Jews.
Every year, WJHTODA issues these stickers to taxi drivers who have proper documents and operate in Jowai to prevent people from taking advantage of them to operate without documents.
The loss of (L) Bah HS Shylla is like the loss of one of the greatest rishot of the Khasi people.
But God had already said, "In that day there shall be a great shaking in the land of Israel.
Shillong, Nailur 12 : The State Government has not yet received any reply from the Central Government regarding the Resolution to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the State, said the Chief Minister. , Conrad K Sangma in reply to the House today.
At a meeting in the past few months, it was reported that various political parties have suggested to the election authorities to hold the elections in the first month of June, which means earlier. to start opening schools in the State.
Also present on the occasion were Samla Philbak Marshilong, Secretary, KSU Tiniang Unit, Bah Kyrshanbor Marshiangbai, Sordar of Tiniang and others.
She said that the improperly thrown away these pictures of her, has affected the dignity of her and especially the family, because these robbers have dared to throw away these pictures. and also unacceptable words that they have posted to others on the Facebook page.
According to the Minister, MUDA needs to implement its rules for the safety of the people in the construction of houses.
This school was founded in 1842 by the Sohra Twa LP & UP Presbyterian School.
Parents play an invaluable role in building education and in the development of any school.
We are seeing how candidates without money are losing in this October 2023 state elections.
He added that the main objective of the Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA) is to guide the men and women athletes to become proficient in various sports.
In Garo Hills, Saleng A. Sangma, who has been an MLA three times and now has won this election as an MP from the Congress party, against Agatha Sangma, who has been a former MLA. long MP 3 times, until this time she was defeated.
Besides, an Adolescent Friendly Health Clinic, MHIS, PMMVY, Adhaar registration center and Yoga and Zumba classes were also set up. people.
Therefore, regarding the issue raised by the union, the DC of Ri Bhoi, said that she will conduct an investigation, whether there is any intention to take hostel fees by the relevant authorities. USTM and RIST, he added.
The FOCUS scheme is part of this Basin Development Scheme,” he said.
“As the youths living in the villages nearby, we understand the intention of the Assam government, because once they have received NOC or permission to build or construct any development works and especially They will not own the roads, which means that they will not own them completely and after that, they will collect taxes from the vehicles of the Muluk (Khasi) owners who carry goods and who need to pass through these roads. We are also surprised why Assam is willing to cross the border from one year to another in this area, because in these years of border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam, “It is clear that the area has fallen under Meghalaya, but the KSU is surprised that Assam continues to cross the border until these days,” said the KSU leader. The government and those in power should take action and talk about the border crossing in the area, because if those in power do not take action to talk about the border crossing of Assam in the area. “The time will come when all the land in the area will be transferred to Assam,” he added.
Speaking at the closing ceremony of the jubilee at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ma Sniawbhalang also promised to donate T.10 lakh to hold an open to all tournament for the WJDSA in honor of his father (L) Nutmeg Castle.
There are signs that he has been stabbed in the chest, head and neck.
The total number of missing persons in East Khasi Hills from 2019 to 30th November, 2023 is
The strike was held in such a way that no one was inside the office and left the office.
Besides these ponds, which have been implemented by the government and which have received assistance from the Fisheries, there are also ponds that private individuals who have sufficient land and wells have built themselves, in order to supply water. and fishing at the same time.
Luti Tuber Ialong beat Chutwakhu 3-1 in the 1st Division Football Tournament 2022 organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Monday.
Shillong, Jymmang 30 : Japan, after supporting Meghalaya for the construction of the road from Shillong to Dawki, has now signed a memorandum of understanding with NEHU to teach Japanese language to residents of the northeastern part of the country.
The three-day tournament will end on July 2, with 850 students from all 12 districts of the state.
Phlangwanbroi, November 22: The 12th Centennial Jubilee of the 12th Centenary Jubilee of the Phlangwanbroi Presbyterian Church in Mawsynram C&RD Block, East Khasi Hills District has been celebrated. The Knock Out Football Tournament 2022 was held at Phlangwanbroi Stadium.
On Saturday, the President invited the leaders of these countries to attend the dinner.
Therefore, the police had to act quickly because if they didn't, an IED could have happened in Police Bazar or Iewduh because the intention was to blast in crowded places”.
The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the extension of the age limit was after a thorough consideration to ensure adequate education and training.
Mookyrdup scored the first goal of the match 11′.
Jowai, July 27: T.5 lakh has been demanded from the Secretary of Lad Rymbai Dongwah, Deibor Suchiang. Your husband is the secretary of the village.
The university authorities said that the police have also taken notice of the incident and have arrived at the scene to investigate the situation and help restore peace.
At the same time, the Commission has expressed its dissatisfaction with the absence of a Medical Officer inside the jail during their inspection as there are many prisoners in need of medical treatment.
Shillong: Eighty-seven Bengali leaders, including former MP BB Dutta, former Vice Chancellor of Assam University and former State Minister Manas Choudhury, have written to Conrad Sangma. They wanted to resolve the differences between the indigenous people of the state and the Bengali community in the state.
It is learned that the reason why this player has not been able to participate in these two tournaments is because Iyer has to undergo treatment and physical therapy.
He also recalled the words of Dr. BR Ambedkar – “You must be the people of India first, you must be the people of India last and you must be nothing but the people of India.
The country's football team has won the South Asian Football Federation (SAFF) Championship 2023 final against Kuwait. Sunil Chhetri who managed to reach the goal.
Shullai said he had met with DP Wahlang Commissioner Secretary, Education Department and he had promised to implement the same salary as other government employees.
“As of now, in the Khasi custom, the youngest child receives the best inheritance from his parents, but if the UCC works, it can come in the form of the high paid people. “The son can get a bigger share,” said Bah Robert, adding that this can also affect the jaid.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the government has decided to temporarily ban the smuggling of pork from one district to another in the entire country. state of Meghalaya.
The turnout in the MP elections was 67.17 per cent in the state, while the turnout in the mid-term elections in Selsella was 82 per cent.
In the women's long-jump 18 years old, Juncymery Jyrwa of Rising Secondary SS (3.66), Iaioh-dianghun Kharjahrin of Sakwang Presbyterian HSS (3.21) and Baiashisha Lyngkhoi of Jakrem Presbyterian HSS (3.21) distance 3.05).
In this battle there was terrible slaughter and bloodshed and according to the Bible, Ella was the land of fear and death through which David and the children of Israel passed.
They said that this year has also been a year of heavy rains and the crops have been destroyed by the forces of nature, but when it comes to the marketing, it is the same.
The Forum also said that in fact they should not ban this activity because it is not a political activity or a border activity but a religious activity or a church activity and helping or showing mercy to others especially to such places are in dire need of assistance.
Through this project, the public was educated about the 40 types of healthy foods and that it is necessary to eat at least 5 types of foods a day so that people can get a healthy diet. .
The robbers, armed with weapons, stopped the bus, and when the bus stopped, they looted about T.3 lakh less cash and robbed it. They also robbed other gold jewelery worn by the passengers of the bus.
The film stars Madhuri Dixit, Sanjay Dutt, Aditya Roy Kapoor and Sonakshi Sinha.
We didn't tell you to go to the gym but you can do low-intensity exercises like walking, playing sports, cycling and others because these can make your body smarter.
Police have taken the body to Shillong Civil Hospital for post mortem.
“I have already said that I and Sohra MLA Gavin Mylliemngap will contest the 2023 elections from the PDF,” said Banteidor Lyngdoh.
The tournament will start today with the match between AJCA and Shillong Cricket Association at Nongkhrah, Ri Bhoi District.
, Dr P.Nongtdu and other invited guests.
The MLP, after scoring 10 goals, struggled to turn the tide and had several chances but these were missed by Erick Nongkhlaw, the goalkeeper of Umiam. to prevent the balls from entering the goal and until the end of the game MLP could not turn the ball around.
Their children study abroad and abroad.
The KSU through its Employment Cell said that they have tried to meet the CPMG but they have not been able to meet him because he is not in the state. indigenous people because they understand better and have detailed knowledge of different places.
“I believe that this picture will bring peace to the people of Paris, at this time of grief,” said Lesley.
This is the 178th anniversary of the arrival of Rev. Thomas Jones (the Father of the Khasi Alphabet) and Anne Jones on the 22nd July,
Of these, 15 are from the CBI, 10 from Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra Police, eight from Uttar Pradesh, seven from Kerala and West Bengal Police and 21 women policemen.
In Group B, Punjab beat Kerala 3-0
“We will have to see how the state government will follow these directives, and as soon as we make a mistake, we will face a stone,” he said.
Panchkula:Minerva Punjab FCHero I-LeagueChurchill Brothers da shi kol.
These are the issues of how to bring about development together without destroying the environment.
On the first day, Bah Lambor invited the village leaders of Umphyrnai, Kynton, Mon and Ur Masi, Joh together with the District Administration including the BDO of Mawryngkneng C&RD to discuss the matter.
He said that if the religious stones, the name stones are in any place whether they are the land of the family, the land of the kingdom, the land of the private sector, it is time for them to look into it. preserve, so that future generations may know.
Speeches were also delivered by the President of KSU Nartiang Circle Chanbor War, Waheh Shnong of Moodop Nartiang Damon Dkhar, General Secretary of KSU Lapangap Unit Augustang Timung. Mantre Pyrtuh, commercial vehicle drivers of the area, Waheh Shnongs of JAC Nartiang Khanduli, women and others, while the meeting was conducted by Icydol Pakma.
You have never had a spirit of violence in the past hundred years.
The GNLA today attacked the SWAT police while they were returning from the destruction of their camp (yesterday), but at 11:30 pm suddenly the group suddenly attacked the SWAT police. The incident took place at Nongalbibra in South Garo Hills.
Many political analysts have also explained that the ILP is not suitable for implementation in the state as it is a transit state or a state through which citizens of other states have to pass through every day.
During the march, the ASHAs carried placards and shouted slogans of condemnation against the State Government for allegedly ignoring the demands of the ASHAs. On the 1st of this month, they staged a strike against the State Government's decision to increase the salary from T.2000 to T.5000 per month.
These bill lights have been installed only on the ground floor of the Hydro office and this has helped a lot to the people. MeECL is preparing to install four more, three in Shillong and one in Hydro. long in Tura.
The total number of cases in East Khasi Hills is 1,531 and in East Khasi Hills, 1,0
He said he strongly opposes the demand of Mawhati MLA Dasakhiat Lamare to include or recognize the Lalung as a Scheduled Tribe in the state.
He said the theme of the film is between two brothers, Haban and Tony.
The meeting was attended by Biangbor L Paliar, Vice President KSU Seng Kmie, Ferdinand Kharkamni, President KSU NKHD, Samla Baiashanlang Kharshanlor. , Assistant Organizing Secretary KSU NKHD and other leaders from the District and the party.
Ma Sniawbha said that the unity in the party is the strength of only the NPP. “In the NPP there is no Team A, B or C but we are one party and we are also a party that doesn't have Team A, B or C. don't worry about anything," he said.
According to the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act, the chairperson of the Lokayukta must be a person who is a Chief Justice of a High Court or a judge of a High Court or a person who has extensive knowledge of laws, procedures and financial matters. palin, banking, and other matters and who has been in the field for at least 25 years.
East Khasi Hills has 160 active cases, West Garo Hills 77, Ri Bhoi 58, West Jaintia Hills 62, South West Garo Hills 17, South West Khasi Hills 9, Eastern West Khasi Hills 18 and North Garo Hills , South Garo Hills 6, East Jaintia Hills 16, West Khasi Hills 17 and East Garo Hills
He said that even if the Act is approved to allocate 33 per cent to women constituencies in the Lok Sabha and State Assembly elections in Parliament, it will not be implemented before. in the year
The Crowborough Hotel, which took 35 years to complete and is also the first 5 star hotel in the state, has 101 rooms and 80% has been allocated for the youth of the state. that they get jobs in this hotel.
Regarding the employees who are no longer able to work under the 100 days scheme due to Aadhaar, he said that efforts have been made to explain to them especially for the clean and transparent working methods and their benefits due to the need to pay wages to the savings accounts by linking to Aadhaar.
At the same time, he encouraged the farmers to farm because farming doesn't require too much time and energy.
“Synei ia Bah Anthony, he went around singing to encourage your MLA with the intention of getting an MDC ticket but he was rejected, got replaced by Bah Ho, compare you people to him. Ho and Grace,” said Shangpliang.
Dear women of Bri U Hynniewtrep, don't be happy to have foreign husbands, because these same foreigners will use and make you as commodities and licenses for the purpose of improving your jobs and Their inheritance is not for us Khasi but for themselves.
Nongpoh: Several residents, who did not want to be named in the media, have expressed their deep sorrow, over the slow movement of many trucks, which entered the country from Umrit road and exit to parts of Pahammawlein and Umling area, using the Lailad Bridge, which is one of the most damaged bridges and the law enforcement agencies have put a warning for the passage of heavy vehicles. and especially loaded trucks.
It was going on five o'clock.
This section should not be delayed as delay will be accompanied by our acceptance of decisions that we have not made.
For the development of roads, 375 projects worth T.1.05 lakh crore are currently underway.
All eyes are now on the completion of the new plant, which will consume less coal, to feel alive again.
He said that the Government has already approved the request for safe passages and the members of the party have been able to come and go safely to their place of residence.
The KNGCSU said that after the retirement of the former Principal of the college, JMQ Lyngdoh, an Acting Principal of the college has been appointed in the past few months. college and also involves students to organize various programs and excursions.
When asked about the reasons, Prestone said, “We all know that the Ukraine-Russia war is the reason for the increase in oil prices.
This is a statement sent by the President and General Secretary of UHM.
Shillong: The Congress has nominated Winnerson D Sangma for the post of Chief Minister while the ruling MDA has nominated Dr Donkupar Roy.
In 1969, Rgh Maham Singh suggested to convert the Mawlieh Theater Club into the Seng Khasi.
Ms Jyrwa said that the recognition and financial support from the Fellowship Program will promote and encourage young leaders for the preservation of natural resources in the state.
On the other hand, the government has distributed M-Tablets that cannot be inserted with SIM cards to prevent the misuse of children.
He was in Jaipur for a meeting of the party's followers to discuss issues related to the Assembly elections to be held later this year.
With the sense that we have a common future, India looks at the year as an opportunity.
In a letter sent to the Law Commission of India, New Delhi on Tuesday, the Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, the Auxiliary Bishop of Tura, Most Rev. Jose, signed the letter. Chirackal, Bishop of Nongstoin Diocese, Most Rev. Wilbert Marweiñ and Bishop-Elect of Jowai Diocese, Most Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar.
Where are you right?.
"Friend, if I leave you here, I believe it has enlightened you.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner said that the smoking of tobacco or cigarettes in shops is also prohibited and the shops of those who violate or do not comply with this order will be closed down.
When asked, the Minister said, “The power outages have happened for many reasons, and these may be due to strong winds, lightning, transformer failure, falling of trees. , the fall of electrical wires and others which have forced the authorities to turn off the electricity for repairs.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Baïateilang Lapang, said that there is nothing alone to sell the pond and it is the decision of the people by the Dorbar of the Job Card Holder. which is owned by the VEC and not by the village council.
“According to my personal knowledge and according to the Contempt of Court Rules 2003, criminal contempt should be heard by the Division Bench and Section 18 of the Contempt of Court Act 1971 also states that criminal contempt should be heard by the Division Bench. Criminal contempt shall not be heard by the Division Bench or by a higher Bench.
The MDC elections are approaching, if the government does not extend the term of office of the District Councils, we will see many of the relatives of the current MLAs who will contest.
Parents spend thousands to educate and expect the best for their children, but in vain when their children waste their wealth by playing chess in marriage and just getting married. , I'll tell you the ladep.
ed and 45 percent in class 12, but looking back at the past years, the government has allowed even those teachers who have not completed the D.el.
Such education is dangerous and leads to racism.
Not only was she wearing slippers, but she was also wearing a white sari which had no value.
At the same time, he said that traffic is no longer safe especially in the evening and even to pay for travel from Joypur market which is now called Gamarimura market, it is no longer as it used to be in the past. depth.
“The Government will set up drug treatment centers for drug addicts, which will be of great benefit to those organizations working for the fight against drugs in the state” said Conrad.
He has the freedom to believe so but we know that almost all countries in the world are democratic and secular.
Shillong, Jymmang 10 : The National People's Party (NPP) President and Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that it was the excessive pride and jealousy that led to the resignation of AITC Leader Dr Mukul Sangma. Vincent H Pala has been elected as the President of the Congress in Meghalaya.
In this regard, the Rambrai MLA has lodged a complaint with the Committee not to take strong action against the police officer against the leader of the people.
Shillong: Out of the 60 Leaders of the Legislative Assembly, 56 Leaders along with the Member of Parliament (MP) have turned out to take part in the voting for the election of the new President of the Legislative Assembly. Ri, which was held in the State Legislative Assembly.
New Delhi: A member of the Legislative Assembly of the country wants to suspend all Christian preachers or Christian missionaries outside India.
The District Youth Convention was sponsored by the office of the District Youth Coordinator of Nehru Yuka Kendra Sangathan.
Today, the residents of the village met with the Chief Engineer of MeECL and he promised to look into their problem.
The need to set up Kharkutta division and Resubelpara sub division in the district depends on the availability of roads, the demand for work and the need to improve service delivery to the people.
He said he had visited the world's tallest building, the Burj Khalifa in Dubai and just to enter it cost about T.17,000 and earned about T.20 crore a day.
From the speech of the MDC of Mylliem and perhaps from the reply of the Executive Member in charge of the Elaka, it is understood that they do not advise the Syiems to take part in politics. It is to be recalled that Bah HS Shylla, former CEM, said that the Hima Dorbar, which was convened by the Hima Mylliem, said that there were only hundreds of people who attended the meeting. He does not feel any more relationship with the Syiems and the issue may be that the Syiems work only in the four corners of the Hima Dorbars.
He said the UDP sends its condolences to the family members of the deceased and demands that the government should pay compensation for this incident and the government should take measures to ensure that such an incident does not happen again. it happened again.
Shillong, June 20: “Where is the 3% Cess Tax collected by the Education Department in the past seven years?” asked the Spokesperson of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASToM) Mayborn Lyngdoh. , to the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government, criticizing the Government for not being able to implement the demand of the Adhoc School Teachers to increase the Deficit Status.
The number of confirmed cases has risen to 3,925 and the death toll has risen to
He was shot dead by robbers on the night of the 10th of this month at Mawlai Nongteng Block B. He sustained serious head injuries and was taken to NEIGRHIMS. He was admitted to the Critical Care Unit (CCU) and is in unconsciousness.
He said that the engineers of MeECL and PWD have already set up a joint committee to look into the implementation of the replacement of the bearings on the bridge.
This program will be held every year and this is the second time and we are confident that it will continue in the years to come,” said Fr Mawrie.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Rangbah from Ri-Bhoi, said that most of the time, when the elephants come to destroy the crops, they have already submitted a form to the Wildlife Department which provides assistance for the damage. of produce.
Iateilang Shangpliang, who scored 63 runs from 60 balls, while Bona Myrthong scored 40 runs from 65 balls.
The road to Bhoirymbong has also been badly damaged.
HUCC won the title by beating Ummulong SC by 41 runs in the final of the AJCA Under-15 Boys T20 Cricket League at Jrisalein Stadium in Chutwakhu. Jowai is on Tuesday.
He also explained that the Revolution will fight to recognize and empower the Rangbah Shnongs or Dorbar Shnongs by the law or the Constitution of the country.
Deputy CEM of KHADC, Bah Gigur Myrthong, said, “The reason for the reluctance to take part in the appeal against this MoU is because on the day of the meeting of The Border Committee has not decided whether the Council will appeal to the High Court but has allowed the Hima and the private sector to appeal to the High Court.
We will implement this (the Building Bye Laws) according to the authority given to us.
It is at other times that the world may still be able to accept or accept if they are stupid, stupid or stupid, but I cannot understand it. the character of people who are strong even in times of trouble.
This decision was announced at a rally held at Iewrynghep Square, Laitumkhrah today after the government did not respond to the protest.
But think of your brother (He points to the thief).
Assam Chief Minister Dr. Himanta Biswa Sarma, Tripura Chief Minister Manik Saha and Union Minister of State for Chemicals and Fertilizers and New and Renewable Energy Bhagwanth Khuba were also present on the occasion. program.
After the discussion between the two groups, the Deputy CEM of JHADC, Bah Lasky Rymbai, speaking as the chief guest, said that he supports the motion. Speaking on the theme of the Environment Day 'There is only one world', u Bah Lasky Rymbai said that this is one of the ways to clean up the environment. He said that it is necessary to keep and maintain the environment clean.
Bah Syiemlieh said that the party does not want to hold protests because it will affect the poverty and peace of the country but it is the police department that has forced the party to hold protests. struggle.
On the same day, Bah Tynsong also inaugurated the Higher Secondary School of the Seng Khasi Riwar Mihngi, which is also the first batch of youth. There are 47 students in Class XI (Arts), who have started the SK Riwar Mihngi Education Society this year.
The sixth way we should do to prevent the spread of the disease in Dkhar is that we should not allow anyone to destroy the hills and rivers.
Bah S.Mawiong, one of the land owners of Paham Jirang, said that this action of the Sengbhalang groups in Jirang is an insult to the villagers to invite foreigners who are only foreigners. the leader of the fields in Jirang.
Speaking to another man who sells cassettes in the same area of ​​the market, he said that the number of cassettes of Khasi songs has decreased, while the number of films has increased. The market for films is also based on piracy where one person comes to buy and everyone gets it.
Shillong: The President of the KSU, Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar, on Tuesday said that the MDA government is not a government that stands on the same basis on the issues of curbing the illegal entry of foreigners into the country. state.
The ability to preserve a variety of fish will bring beauty and attract tourists.
The suspicion came after the prosecutor Shailendra Kumar Sharma, in an affidavit filed on 5th November, submitted a list of names and phone numbers of all the people, whom he said were ' Kingpin' does not need to set up illegal coal mining factories and illegal coal mining in Meghalaya.
On this occasion, Bah Mahendro Rapsang declined to comment although the reporter telephoned him to ask for clarification on the allegations against Kong Antonette.
Besides the students, parents also attended the event to encourage their children.
If we don't respect nature, nature will not respect us and will continue to do terrible things until we die.
The festival ended with a performance by the youth of the village who took part in songs and dances and other programmes.
She said that the Serial No.11 Amendment to Section 10 (g) of the Bill states that the children of a Khasi woman or Khasi man who violate the Bill shall no longer be Khasi. The statement said that this is a violation of the order of the Guwahati High Court in its hearing of the case between Bah AS Khongphai and Stanley DD Nichols Roy on 26th July, Khongphai said that DD Nichols Roy had taken the jait from his father - Rev. Nichols Roy but the court acquitted DD Nichols Roy.
The number of schools in 2021-22 is 14.89 lakh compared to 15.09 lakh in 2020-2
The new office bearers are President- Bah Powell Sohkhlet (Ri Khasi Channel) Vice President- Bah Bhabok Laloo (PCN) Secretary- Bah Martin Nongkhlaw (Batesi TV) Asst.Secretary- Bah Mebanker Lapang (Batesi TV) Organizing Secretary- Bah Aporlet Shabong (t7) Treasurer- Let Savio Dominic Be Killed (t7).
The group was led by the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem who is the Chairman of the Forum. Debojeet Thaosen, CEM of Karbi Anglong Autonomous Councils (KAAC) Tuliram Ronghang together with EMs of KHADC Antonio War, Banteidor Lyngdoh and Grace Mary Kharpuri. Rigid.
Upon learning of this incident, various Sengbhalang leaders rushed to Mukroh to support and encourage their fellow countrymen and to assist them in any needs.
“These are the records of the case and the record of the case is the property of the Court and there are many rules on this,” Agarwal said.
He said that at that time, as the trucks had reached 500 tylli from East Khasi Hills, while to release them, 250-300 and Most of the trucks from East Khasi Hills have been parked on the Pynursla-Dawki highway in the Wahkdait area and this has been going on for several years until the residents of the village have complained that the truck drivers During the tenure of SDO (Civil) Bah D.Hynñiewta, the residents of the area have been invited to meet with the traders to create roads. How to get rid of this problem which affects others from the quarrying industry and suggested that in order to avoid these problems of the people of the area to avoid the stoppage of trade, it is only necessary to build a The parking yard is not available.
That's Babu Kular's house.
Also present at the meeting were the President of the BJP in Meghalaya, Bah Ernest Mawrie, the National Secretary and Co-incharge of the BJP in Meghalaya, Rituraj Sinha, the candidate for South Shillong. , Bah Sanbor Shullai and BJP candidate from Pynthorumkhrah, Bah AL Hek.
We must first look after and care for the indigenous people and ensure that they are well.
Our duty as a nation to do is to think.
Educational Qualification:- Graduate in Arts with Honors in Political Science from recognized University in India and having B.Ed.
If we don't get a reply on the 6th or 7th of November, we will not hesitate to sit on the streets and wait for the reply until it resolves the issue of the ASHAs,” said the President of the ASHA. MAWU President Mira June Myrsing in an interview with the media.
"These include 12483 men, 5146 women, 457 children, 266 Sadhus and 2 Sadhvis," the statement said.
The dune.
This is the third bomb blast in upper Assam in less than a month.
Go with courage without hesitation or fear, play freely and enjoy yourself, there is always a reward,” said Shabong.
Of the 55,917 participants, 257 men and 85 women developed alcoholic cirrhosis, which corresponds to an incidence of 66 among men and 19 in women. women per 100,000 people per year.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) and the HSPDP on November 12 decided to join hands within the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) for the Lok Sabha MP and MDC elections. to come.
In the 8th minute of the first half, Wahlyngkhat SC scored the first goal through Ronaldo Khongshun Jersey No. In the second half, Wahlyngkhat SC scored 1 goal. Although Pyrdiwah SC played well, Wahlyngkhat SC didn't score.
Shillong: The KSU, FKJGP and HNYF Mawlai Circle, today 11th November 2022, has sent a letter to all political parties, including those on the side of the ruling and opposition parties and also to the new Voice People Party.
Jowai, March 19: Three men have been arrested by the East Jaintia Hills Police for allegedly raping young women.
In 2013, when the Mawbynna Monolith Festival was held for the first time, a large crowd flocked to the venue despite the heavy rains. The gallery at the Amphitheater is full and there is no seating left and the audience has to stand on the streets and from the hills to see the traditional performances.
For the women, the weight category will be from 50kg to 80+kg and for the men, the weight category will start from 55kg to 90+kg.
However, after speaking, Sanbor said that the CEM has said that he is still arranging the matter with the lawyers and today he has a special meeting with them to take action on the matter. task.
Police were immediately informed at 10 pm on Sunday of the incident at their home in Worsley.
The Department of Horticulture has also set a target to open up more opportunities for the farmers of the state in order to increase the income of the state as a whole.
The NEIGRIHMS Hospital today signed an agreement to implement the MHIS scheme, which will be recognized at the hospital from today.
“The Achiks in Bangladesh, Tripura and Assam do not get the same rights as the Garo in this state, it is the Congress party that has given them,” he said.
U Bah Toki Blah, said that even when you are looking for a job in the state government offices; don't need to pay money.
It was also agreed to improve the government building at Police Bazar Shillong and to obtain loans from HUDCO for the improvement of the building.
“This Health and Wellness Center is part of Ayushman Bharat to bring health facilities to the public to provide services to pregnant women and child health as well as non-communicable diseases,” he said. Speaking as the chief guest, Wailadmiki Shylla said that he hoped that the HWC in this village will provide full service to the people of the area.
Shillong, June 30: A strong storm has struck South West Garo Hills on Friday night, affecting about half of the villages in the district.
“There are officers who treat MLAs unfairly just because they are not in power,” said Bah Chyne.
Recently, India has become a leader in sustainable and responsible tourism.
Shillong: Tura District Cricket Association (TUC) on Tuesday defeated South Garo Hills DCA by 18 runs after the match was suspended due to heavy rain in the U-19 Inter District Cricket Tournament.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said that the state government will not allow government employees or employees of companies to bring in their families who are not from the state for the time being. while the state is still fighting against Covid-1
On this occasion, the leading leaders of the Sengbhalang were also accompanied by members of various Sengbhalang from Mawsynram Block.
The CoMSO expresses its dissatisfaction and strong opposition to the Parliamentary Standing Committee (PSC)'s failure to accept the recommendations of the ADCs, the State Government, the Dorbar Trai Ri and various civil society groups in the State regarding the the proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India in accordance with the customs and traditions of the State.
The JRTC Choir “Ri Khasi Ri Khasi” was sung by Rev. Dr. John Roberts.
bad website www.ruralcouncil.
What does the King do? You rule.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that he will follow up on Maheh's promises and inform him so that he can fulfill all the remaining promises.
Ribiang Dkhar scored 57', Chanmitre Thma 61' and Kynsai Lhuid 89'.
“However, our government calls upon all political parties, political parties and religious groups to unite on these important issues such as the ILP and the Khasi and Garo languages ​​so that we can achieve this. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate for the people of our state,” he added.
“In order to curb the spread of COVID-19 in the District East Jaintia Hills and to facilitate Contact Tracing to identify High Risk/Low Risk Contacts, within the District.
Fivestarson Shylla scored the third goal in the 45th and 70th minutes.
World leaders have expressed concern and fear that Iran's invasion of Israel could lead to a major war in the Middle East.
However, the Syrian side did not respond to the incident.
On the 18th, Dawki AC will play against Umkrem at 12pm, Lapalang will play against Nongtalang Mission at 1.15pm and Mawriang will play against Muktapur at 2.30pm.
Praising Don Bosco Technical School, the Minister said, “There are more students who have graduated from this technical school than any other in the state and I congratulate Don Bosco Technical School. School for the good work it does.
According to Bollywood sources, Deepika Padukone and Katrina Kaif will be seen together in Yash Raj's film which will also be led by a woman.
The Sordar, Secretary and other village elders said that before the emergence of Seinduli, Patarkhnang, Tlon, Umshynrut, Mawsyrpat, Tynrong, Mawpat, Kriangrin, Mynniar, Rwiang, Tiniang and others, they were inhabited by Nepalis. but when more of the Khasi Maram and some Mawiang came to the village, there was a dispute over the Khasi Khasi's ability to destroy and damage the crops of the Khasi.
Please improve the footpaths so that people do not walk on the road.
In the Art and Craft competition, Moolimen RMSA Secondary School, Sakhaiñ followed by Sutnga RMSA Secondary School and Lumjingshai Secondary School came third. Go.
Pastor Basaiawmoit said he had seen in the newspapers that the Indian government has banned the visas of missionaries, but he himself had not found out.
Shillong: The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) has said that the village of Mukroh, where the murder took place, is still within the border of Assam. ), the statue of Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam, was burnt down today.
For his work, he shall also receive a sufficient remuneration according to the person from which he shall be able to earn a little money, and to support himself in the fields, in the fields which come to shop in the longbriew. – man.
Shillong, March 15: Police have seized an AK-47 rifle and a 9mm pistol from a house in Shillong.
The Minister of Education has also promised to suspend the grant if the school managing committee does not take action against the teachers who have taken part in the strike to demand their right to a higher salary. still, that is, 5 months from June to July
Therefore, the indigenous people, especially JJM Nichols Roy who saw far ahead the plight of the minorities in Assam; He discussed in the Constituent Assembly with other members like Dr. BR Ambedkar to create ADCs under the Khyrnit.
They don't change their language or change their jutang to be counted as 'riewkai' or 'riew madan' or 'riew madan'
How can they see those mistakes now when everything is built according to the design of the company that designed the building?
After drawing against Mizoram and losing one match against Nagaland, Meghalaya has now won two consecutive matches against Sikkim and Arunachal Pradesh.
A total of 199 people have recovered from the disease, including 176 in East Khasi Hills alone and 135 in the public.
According to Bah Erwin, other problems are the lack of dissemination of news, the lack of advertisement.
“I would like to congratulate those 13 people and on my part, I would like to meet them face to face and congratulate them that even after I spoke clearly, they supported because they too may have understood that the “It is necessary to do what is right and not just what is good as I have told the people,” said Bah Adelbert.
The Chief Guest in his speech urged the disabled to be brave and hardworking despite their disabilities.
To protest against the actions of the government and the health department of the state government, the Union of Dorbars of 6 Villages including Mawryngkneng, Kut, Puriang, Pommura, Thangshalai and Ksehpyndeng have unanimously announced that The protest was held on the 19th of this month at the Primary Health Care (PHC), Mawrynkneng.
Village shops and small businesses that also act as PDOs can earn money from the sale of internet without the need for a license, registration or any fee to the DoT. Those who can apply for this post PDO/PDOA/individuals can express their interest in applying for this post along with their suggestions / comments on the email ID adett.
Besides, there were only two employees, the driver of the machine and the assistant, but when inquired, the two employees said that they did not know who was running the machine.
Retired KHADC officer Poland Sohphoh has decided to apply for the UDP ticket from Mawkyrwat constituency for the upcoming MDC elections.
Conrad urged the residents to support the UDP candidate. He said the NPP has decided to support the UDP candidate in honor of the late leader Dr Donkupar Roy. He is also the leader of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Renikton said, “It is not yet clear whether there is an erbih in this area because there is a danger if there is a Nan to dispose of the garbage (Telling). pond), but now that there is no mining, there is no telling pond, but in the past, when there was no drilling of uranium, it was only hangto but you are not that you are"
One of the problems is the high price of this crop and there are times when it is more expensive, the farmers are also struggling.
At the same time, the Minister said that only 3-4 thousand jobs are available in the state government per annum while the number of students who complete their degrees every year is about 18-20 thousand.
In an interview with the wife of Bah Kmanwel, this afternoon, 26th July 2023, she said that the reason for her separation from him was because he was a drunkard and short-sighted. and he used to stretch out his hand to shoot and beat her, when he was drunk.
Gandhi, 75, was scheduled to appear for questioning on July 8, 2022, but has postponed it to another day due to covid-1
He said that many people wanted him to form a new party, but he did not want to.
In Shillong, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, will unfurl the flag of India at Polo Ground at 9 pm tomorrow.
They and the seized items were handed over to the Dangar Police Station for further investigation.
“We don't care about the comments because our goal is to resolve the issue as soon as possible,” said Prestone.
In the fourth innings, Laxman Gurung and Vicky Kumar of Ri Bhoi scored 36 runs each but the player won the title of 'Rang ialeh ba Kynsai' Abhishek Kumar, who scored 7/30, led SCA-A to victory after beating the opposition by 99 runs from the innings. 42.4 overs, and with this team qualified for the state-level final.
Shillong, July 25: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) on Thursday submitted a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma to express many of the issues that the farmers have not received their rights. .
Mukul said that the victory will belong to the Congress party, as he is confident that the people of Garo Hills will give him the victory.
Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, MLA Umsning Constituency, was the chief guest at the ceremony. Rocky Marwein Rangbah Shnong Umsning Proper-B, Bah Rocky Kylla and other prominent personalities of Umsning area.
Sources said that these students were studying abroad who wanted to visit the Jingkieng Mawkdok, who also took pictures of this place.
The Raid invites and welcomes all those who wish to take part in this football tournament.
Nancy Khongjee (80) of Mawlynnong, was admitted to H Gordon Roberts Hospital, Shillong on the 4th and passed away on the 7th of June,
Very dangerous or the District in this age, does not fit anymore and instead, Article 371 should be abolished.
The C License Program will be conducted in Shillong for those who have already received the AIFF Certified D License Coaches.
MPCC President Vincent H Pala is the Leader of Shillong while NPP Leader Agatha K Sangma is the Leader of Lok Sabha.
After investigating Gogna's complaint, police examined CCTV footage and found that the two-wheeler used for the theft was left at Goripalya Circle.
The road is through the PPP and other sources funded by the Asian Development Bank (ADB).
“The Governor should take a decision and we will send our representatives to the Governor, requesting him to confirm the provisions of Para 6A of the Sixth Schedule. Schedule.
This Single Window Agency is not new or will be launched in
Depending on the weather conditions, no more than 80 people will be accepted per day.
From Jaintiapur he went to Maskut District (Maskut District was one of the most powerful Districts at that time). They traveled day and night and rested at Thadlaskein.
The Prime Hub will open up platforms and opportunities including training, education support and guidance for the marketing of products through these measures,” said the Chief Minister. .
She said that if there were these Fast Track Courts, the trial would be speedy and those involved under the POCSO Act would be tried to prevent crime.
He said that after the evacuation of the animals from the park, the government will send for the demolition of all these places so that it can be developed as a tourist destination. the seats of the people.
Before the programme, the Chief Guest and the guests laid flowers at the statue of Tirot Sing Syiem at the Khasi Patriotic Home, Nongkhlaw.
Your body will be cleansed tomorrow.
St.Anthony’s Higher Sec School, Laitumkhrah 30.
Pongkung, Jymmang 20: The United Democratic Party (UDP) of Mawsynram Constituency last month held a public meeting at Pongkung Market in East Khasi Hills District to seek support for the party. Ollan Sing Suin, the candidate of the UDP for the 2023 MLA election, has been elected.
The Ministry of Education has allocated an Adhoc Grant to the LP Tiehbah School but has not allocated anything to the B. Jahrin Presbyterian Secondary School, LP and UP Schools.
Some of these residents who have ration cards have been deprived of ration so far, but some have received them back after the investigation by the Officer In-charge (OC) of Pynursla last year.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 24: The Mawten Sports Club (MSC) will once again hold a football tournament for the men over 40 years of age.
Diches Roy Kurkalang scored the goals in the 29th minute and Ityllibor Mynsong in the 70th minute.
In this regard, the Minister urged the MLA to think about this issue not only for the constituency but especially for the state as a whole.
The benefit of the implementation of this new plan is that there is no shortage of electricity and the government has invested up to T.100 crore in this new plan.
“After he was removed as Rangbah Shnong, there was no more fighting and there was a rally in July to protest against this violence by the Lyngdoh,” he said.
Because we want to buy from the farmers and not from the farmers.
Through this survey, there are now two cases of Covid-19 in Arunachal Pradesh.
Bety Jyrwa, President Women's Wing of the HNYF, said that even young children are afraid when there is gunfire.
Whether the party has confirmed the MP candidate or not, Bah Lyngdoh said, “It has not yet reached that point, we are still in the middle of talks and we will discuss this issue again at the next meeting.
This is not the first time that the effects of the virus have been reported, but this time, the virus has become more serious.
The rich are not only selfish, but they try to save until they are able to increase their wealth by thousands.
“We are still expecting the youth of the state to go to school through those departments that the government has, but as it is there is no satisfaction, but there is confusion, this is no longer a mistake, but it's a mistake".
Because of the need to protect others, the committees should plan carefully how to carry and carry the idols including the burial.
Nongpoh: The Dwarksuid Bridge on the Shillong By-pass, which falls under Nongrah village in Ri Bhoi district, has been completed, said Anand Singh Chauhan, Project Director of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) in Shillong. already and anyway, is that heavy and heavy vehicles are ready to run in January, this year.
This is a call to join hands in the fight against COVID1
However, unfortunately, those involved in this case have not received adequate punishment.
The ceremony was attended by the family members of these students and members of the KSU Jowai Unit including President Ewanmi Phawa, Publicity Secretary Nidapoi Shadap, former President of KSU Jaintia Hills. District Unit of Ohibait Dkhar and others.
According to Kharbhih, the two companies had mined without permission from the Indian and state governments.
However, in the first six months of this year, the increase has been 10 percent.
The distribution of 100 percent vitamin fortified rice under the NFSA, and other benefit schemes and OMSS (D) to ensure that the people get quality food,” he added. to Yadav.
At this meeting, many issues related to the kur will be discussed for improvement.
"“As in Majai which falls under the Hima Sohra, we have asked for the NoC from the Syiem and if we don't get the NoC we can't renew these licenses and that makes 44 traders bar state to go to court," he said.
“As an MLA and MDC, I serve equally without any difference,” said the NCP president, adding that the people still want to hand over to him as a skilled leader because they are afraid of newcomers. they are stirred up.
He also urged those who have visited the bank to wear masks, keep a distance from each other and during these days if they feel that they have any physical problems, they should wear masks. They should stay away from others or call the District Control Room No.03638232028/1077 or the health workers. Health Help Line No.8797520449.
Government departments and farmers also brought various kinds of soh, jhur, Dohkha Syang and other agricultural products.
Wailad Shylla scored 36' for Mookynphad and Slamon Rymbai's 43'
“There is no intention to remove the BJP from the MDA government as announced by the UDP. party", he said.
Indeed, anger requires self-control, anger with understanding and knowledge of God and that is why God says – “Be angry, and sin not: let not the sun go down upon your wrath: lymne wad the bag of the devil.
(This is the second refugee, the first was in 1971-72 when they fled to Barato and Mukroh).
He said that Bah Bring won the election in 1962 from Nongpoh constituency from the All Party Hill Leaders Conference (APHLC) which was during the time of Assam, but in 1963 the election was held and he won. “There are only five constituencies in Khasi and Jaintia Hills that year,” said Lanong.
In conclusion, I wish you all a happy and healthy New Year and may this year bring blessings for the best change for the country and the nation. happen and succeed in truly improving us in all respects.
He said that every time they met with them, they received assurances to provide protection for the staff, adding that the objectives of the school are adequate and the purpose of running the school should not be to benefit or do. who doesn't do business.
She also warned that there are those who do not believe that they are misleading the government when it goes to mislead the residents of those areas.
Furthermore, the Shongknor asked, “From what source do you translate the words kawaw-kaw and kynwit into English when you say that in English these words mean rudeness and slander that does not price either either spirit em.
Amarinder Singh was responding to the Galwan clash between India and China.
“The main point of discussion is how prepared we are in terms of emergency response.
When asked how confident he is that he will be able to defeat Prestone, he said, “I am a new person and a new party but we must understand that I have only one vote and I cannot win. I am confident that after visiting all the villages, one voice has emerged that the people of the area want change and change for the better. well," he said.
And those resources that the government offers will not be able to provide or provide as well as nature can.
“We demand that the JHADC should conduct an inspection with the union on trading licenses in West and East Jaintia Hills and punish severely those who violate the law,” he said.
A former executive of 21st Century Fox and a sports contributor in Argentina has been found guilty of wrongdoing in New York; that is, on the involvement of money laundering in the struggle to maintain the television rights to foreign football officials.
“The meeting will discuss the 12 points sent by the Ministry of Home Affairs in the Village Administration Bill (VAB) of KHADC,” said SNSBH Chairman Dr Werlok Kharshiing. Rupang on Tuesday.
On the other hand, Assam has sent a clarification that there are cases that have been registered regarding the arrest of coal smugglers. still have to wait when it comes to this aspect.
Rising Star SC beat Khliehtyrshi SC by six wickets in the second semifinal of the Open T20 Cricket Tournament 2021 on Tuesday. Greetings, Jowai.
Bah Dkhar said that the BLT has worked with other foreign parties and demands from the Central Government that the political parties should include people with disabilities in the issues. their promise.
Sati Dkhar, 26, resident of Nartiang village, West Jaintia Hills District, has been missing since 16th August 2021 and has not returned home yet.
Referring to the Congress party which won four MDCs in the JHADC, with their departure to join the BJP today, the Congress party in the district has lost its leaders. inside the house.
The event was attended by Sylvester Nongtnger, Superintendent of Police, FB Chyne, Executive Engineer, Shillong Municipal Board and others.
The SLFC should have moved up to second place unless they lost and won this match, but as it is, the team remains in third place with 19 points from 12 games.
Speaking on the opening day of the Budget Session, Chauhan said the government is determined to bring lasting peace and stability in the state.
The woman, who has just been injected for the first time, is Kiranbala Devi, a teacher and was injected in the afternoon, the report said.
Many also serve faithfully in their role, which is of great benefit to the people to know many facts and events.
The rally was organized by the FKJGP Sengkmie on the issue of unemployment of students in the state and to demand from the government to introduce laws and measures for the employment of students.
On this occasion, the HFU East Jaintia Hills District, honored and awarded 38 farmers from the district, including Bah Self Daniel Lyngdoh, who has been able to stand on his own feet. Samuel Latam of Mynthlu, Ngon Bareh of Jalaphet, Chesterfield Langstang of Sohkymphor, Serios Dkhar of Deiñsatlang, Kyrsiew Ryngkhlem of Wapungskur; About Dkhar, from Tuber Sohshrieh village and other prominent farmers in the district.
At the same time, the Union requests the Chief Minister of Mawhati Constituency and the District Authorities of Ri Bhoi District to take action for the sake of peace and order in the area, he added.
“(Drone attack on rural villages in the state) I have written many times on this issue, because it is true, after reading it carefully.
The new office bearers of KSU Wapung Unit include President Deiniwan Lyngdoh, Vice President Shibaitlang Rymbai, General Secretary Hamewanpynhun Ryngkhlem, Assistant General Secretary Janki Ryngkhlem, Finance Shwari Ryngkhlem, Assistant Organizing Jomi Kyndait, Education Secretary Lucky Rymbai, Assistant Education Secretary Phulmi Dkhar, Sports Secretary, Senmon Siangshai, Assistant Sports Emiwanpynthrang Ryngkhlem, Publicity Secretary Victory Phawa, Assistant Publicity Office Samsonla and Disciphya Rsikakhiri Secretary Myr r including to Executive Member.
At that time, other drivers who saw this surprised him and told him that someone had stolen the vehicle he was driving.
“There is no rule to appoint chairman in various committees of the Legislative Assembly only from the ruling or opposition parties.
He also promised that his group intends to do this blood donation once a year and urged others to join in this good initiative.
Both these schools are located in the village.
Rimiki Nongrum scored the first goal for Lumpyrdi in the 47th minute.
The Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament 2023, which was organized by the District Sports Officer, North Garo Hills, came to an end on Friday.
Up to 45 households of Lapangap-B and Mokalani Village have benefited from this assistance. The JSM handed over the foodgrains on Monday at a meeting held at Lapangap. President of JSM Lapangap Unit Monbha Myrphet in the presence of members of JSM Lapangap Unit.
Under this ongoing programme, these three goals are being achieved using technology and working in a consultative and collaborative manner of those involved in these activities.
“We strongly urge the owners of houses to take care to check before renting out their houses to see what their tenants are like before renting out their houses and not to look at the income. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said FKJGP Lachumiere.
The final act of evil occurred on the last floor.
Shillong, July 10: Ka Samla Bahunlang Mawrie, who passed the second position in the HSSLC examination announced by the MBoSE on Thursday, has expressed her desire to become the second position in the HSSLC examination. to be religious.
During the rainy season, it is no longer possible to seat the students in the classroom and they have to sit on the ground, then the teachers have to hold school in the teachers' room.
The Langrin Hima Dorbar, which was held in July 2007, strongly opposed the proposal to mine uranium.
Speaking to reporters , V Narayanasamy said that when the Congress was in power , there was a difference in the working methods between the party workers and the workers in the rural areas He said that the meeting was a great benefit because he had heard with his own ears the problems that the party workers wanted to express to the AICC he wrote to the President so that she could reconsider her approach.
For many years now, it has been said that cold storage facilities will be set up so that the farmers will not have to sell their products at a high price.
The newly appointed Minister, Rakkam A Sangma, who has been in charge of the Education Department, GAD and Border Area Development.
Speaking to media, Himanta said that Dr Donkupar Roy is a great man not only in Meghalaya but in the North East as a whole.
The inspection was attended by the Vice President of FKJGP, Bah Lumlang Mawnai, Circle Leaders from Byrnihiat and Baridua and the Paiem of Raid Marwet, Paiem Ken. Syiem, Ministers and Basan from the Hima Mylliem including K. Langstieh, S. Sohtun, Nongkseh and Nongumlong.
Besides these, there are many billions of reasons in the family and society.
Ma Damian S War, Leader of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKJGP) Jaintia Hills who is also the Organizing Secretary, has extended his helping hand to the people with disabilities in two cases. village in West Jaintia Hills District.
Police have taken the body to Nongstoin Civil Hospital for post mortem.
The Minister said that in fact Meghalaya has done well for the ASHA workers by providing their salaries, compared to other North East states.
Dr Mukul said the signs are that the talks are ongoing and what is clear is that it may not be equal, now the decision is whether to contest from both the constituencies or not.
The question is, who are these people who come to tell us what we should eat and what we should not eat? Isn't it our will and right to choose what we want to eat? Do you live in a country that is free or dictatorship? They may say that we will not ban the consumption of beef in the North East, but we are well aware of their schemes.
Also present on the occasion were the party leaders, including the president of the party, Bah Ardent, Dr. Ricky Syngkon, Aibandaplin F. Lyngdoh and other party leaders.
The robbery took place in the Khasi villages of Durgacherra, Durbintilla and Dabinalla.
“This is the consensus of the Consultative Committee that it should become an Act.
"The dream has come true for me, and the long training in Chennai (with Sharath, Manav Thakkar and others) has brought the fruits of victory," said Sreeja Akula, who is She also won the Rnong medal at the WTT in Doha.
“I want to ask those people who say that, did you ever think twice before you spoke? Have you ever researched about us? Snaitang said that according to this digital age, people with disabilities can also do jobs like in other states.
Duia said he lodged a complaint at Sardar Police Station and Ialamphrang Lyngdoh lodged a complaint at Rynjah Police Station.
In a book published by the Khasi Author's Society entitled 'When the Language Lives, the Nation Lives', it writes, “We are grateful to Thomas Jones for introducing and strengthening the Roman alphabet. for the purpose of use in Khasi literature since 1842 and he also opened three schools at Mawsmai, Mawmluh and Sohra.
We don't know where these 40 examples came from.
In order to solve the problems of the people of the area, the Seng has demanded the construction of a good road from Moolasngi to Daistong which is a remote area within the Nongkhlieh Elaka which has faced many problems due to the lack of The union said that the villages under this Elaka have been left behind from other parts of the district. during winter due to poor roads which has also resulted in losses of about 90% in the agricultural sector.
The reason why these elders from Umsning area set up this committee was after they saw the abandonment of the Nongthymmai-Umtrew road, which has reached These days, no repairs have been done either by the PWD or the NHAI and this has caused a lot of trouble to the tourists not only from Umsning, but also from outside.
The first beneficiaries of this market will be the people of Laitumkhrah especially the youth who are talented in the trade.
“How can we investigate the club involved in this case?
“We have been able to show that the villages mentioned by the Sengbhalang are already on the map of Assam, and it is difficult for us to change the map which was drawn up in 2011 to include them. These villages have been destroyed now,” he said.
In addition, the court said that care should be taken to ensure that those people who have already bought the coal mined in the past, should not be able to falsely claim that the coal is illegally mined. the coal that was dug earlier.
Because as of now, there is no road or road because many of the experts who have visited the area who have been sent by the Road Transport Department have not been able to do anything. to prevent severe floods and to have 24×7 staff at the site so that they can work immediately in case of floods.
It is learned that the suspect was driving a commercial vehicle from Nongpoh to Shillong.
NEIGRIHMS Shillong is a health center funded by the Central Government and is also a training center in terms of health services especially to train doctors to provide services in health centres.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: After the abduction of a schoolgirl on Friday by a group of unidentified robbers, another incident has occurred. They tried to kidnap two girls but they too escaped from the hands of the robbers.
The union strongly condemns the inability of the infiltration department through the police department to curb or monitor the illegal entry of such people.
Perhaps something or anything that is “Created in the image of God” is a sign of transformation.
Mawryngkneng, July 23: After the Dorbar Shnong Mawryngkneng held on 8th June 2014, it was decided to recognize the Mawrisham village as one of the villages within the Mawryngkneng village. The Dorbar Shnong today confirmed the new village and named it Mawryngkneng (Mawrisham).
In a statement sent by Bah Bankerlang Uriah, President of NPSRA, he said that from now on, the NPSRA has taken a decision not to allow anyone to import Syiar from outside the state. There are many foreigners who have started to come to Nongpoh to buy cattle imported from abroad which has killed the cattle traders in the area. Village.
Shillong, July 2: During a surprise search operation by the KSU Mawkajem, starting from Umtyngngar, three vehicles were searched under the influence of alcohol and garbage inside the vehicle.
Imphal, Jymmang 06 : The death toll from the bloodshed in Manipur has risen to 54 and many others have been injured.
Therefore, the union on this day has given time to these companies within two months to hire Khasi children immediately, otherwise the union will not refuse to go with others.
The heavenly bodies are, generally speaking, of two types, planets and stars.
"ISIS fighters attacked this public place near Moscow, Russia," the armed group said on Telegram.
Police in the area said that they are investigating the incident.
Earlier, a speech was delivered by MDC Bah Basaiawmoit who said that this day should not be just a day to close the CAC. but to continue to strengthen and develop the CAC so that it can continue to promote its temporary glory.
They also know that when there are too many educated people, the government job will become very difficult and it is only your own job that never ends. you are working smart.
A 44-year-old woman, who came from Lagos, Nigeria, on 24 November 2021 with her daughter and six members of her family, has been confirmed positive for the omicron variant.
Sheen's first goal in the first half came from a well-placed ball in front of the box, and at the right time, he scored a good shot. FC Bengaluru scored the first goal of the match.
Among the 10 Kickboxing players (including Men & Women) from different teams, such as Team Revolution, Tribal Combat, Aireng MMA Club Mawlai who were sent by MSKA to participate in the tournament, phra Twenty-two returned with medals, including three gold, two silver and three bronze medals.
Former KHNAM candidate from Mawlai constituency, Bah BL Nongbri on 5th July 2023, has joined the NPP and to give his full support to the party candidate Bah Teiborlang Pathaw for the victory.
Newhill scored the first goal for Revel Dkhar (26).
On the other hand, this reporter has been able to investigate thoroughly and when he met and tried to investigate some of the families of this area whose names have been hidden. , it was found that many of the people of the area are now facing problems and suffering due to the exploitation of Garo rebel groups, such as the GNLA and others, in which they have no forgiveness. They were poor and happy and covered with shiliang sem shiliang and they demanded money from them until they suffered.
Nongpoh: Village leaders from two villages in Ri Bhoi District, Nongrim Nongladaw and Umiam, which fall under the jurisdiction of the Hima Mylliem, have strongly criticized the Hima Mylliem and the Khasi Hills Autonomous District. District Council (KHADC), alleging that as of now, the Hima Mylliem and KHADC, do not listen to the voice of the church, but have started to introduce politics in the village affairs or by Balance Jalong, Executive Member of Nongrim Nongladaw Village and John Syiemiong, Former Secretary Shnong of Mylliem Village Umiam, said that at this time, within the Hima Mylliem and KHADC, there is no longer that clean and transparent governance, as it was in the past, but now they have used excessive force against them. There is always a person who has a relationship with the authorities, whether within the Hima Myllien or the District Council.
The Cabinet also approved a monthly pension of T.3,000 for farmers over 40 years of age and this will benefit 5 crore farmers.
Later, the members of the Seng informed the law enforcement authorities about the incident and especially about the escape of one of the vehicles number TN 01 U They were arrested by the law enforcement agencies from Nongstoiñ Market and took them to another place and sent them away from the place. that they come.
This was stated by the CEM of JHADC in his speech at the Lyiur Dorbar held on 22/07/21 where he expressed his anger that some people in the border area are not armed. On the part of the General Secretary. KSU Lapangap Unit, Saikial Sumer has strongly criticized the CEM for his unfounded statement that he can only explain when he never visits the border areas to see and visit the problems of the border people. Visit to the MACs (Members of Autonomous Council) of KAAC from Assam who visit and visit the border from time to time.
Shubham scored 4 boundaries, Dipan Kar Baruah scored 37 runs off 42 balls and Pushkar Raj Singh scored 25 runs off 21 balls. thlieh three times that
Raj Biswa's ball fell for 1/4
The arrested were identified as Sildaris Marngar, 21, and Ephrilda Marngar,
The Office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (Election), Amlarem Sub-Division, Amlarem today held a 'Vote for Democracy' Expo 2024, at Thangbuli Community Hall from 10 am.
Earlier, Mizoram was scheduled to go to the polls on 4th November and the counting of votes was scheduled to be held on 8th November
The purpose is also to ensure that those who receive ration under the ration scheme are indeed eligible.
After meeting the father of the child, Bah Raphael K.Snar, he told them what had happened and the father of the child also informed them of the incident. police force so that they can do what is necessary.
The DTO office said that there is no rule or directive for the government to issue special permits to educated and unemployed youth.
The second meeting between the KSU Narpuh Circle and the Rangbah Shnongs of Narpuh Elaka held on the 3rd of this month at Mynkre has decided to proceed with the mass protest on the 08/0 08/2023 on the silence of the government and the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) to repair the damaged road within the boundary of Narpuh, from Mynkre to Ratachera.
Secretary of HYC Central Body.
Shillong, June 24: Manika Batra is one of the players who has lost the 83rd Senior National Table Tennis Championship at the SAI Indoor Stadium. lymphoma.
Shillong, Naitung 17: Former CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum and four of his former colleagues have called a meeting to be held on the 24th of November at the Community Hall in JaiawLumpyllon to discuss the issue of KHAD. (Village Administration)Bill, 2015.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that the Government is ready to meet with the leading leaders of the HNLC at the place of their choice to carry out the HNLC. communication and ensure that the communication bears fruit.
He said that the children of the thousands have found that there is irregularity in the collection of taxes and irregularities in the administration of the Hima.
Bah Paul is committed to bringing about a HEALTHY, strong and complete Meghalaya.
Speaking at the meeting, the President of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar Wapung Circle, Bah Shaniahskhem Dkhar, delivered his keynote address. The purpose of the Seiñ Kur Wapung Circle, is to do anything to encourage the youth of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar Wapung Circle especially in the field of education which is the future of the youth.
Shillong: The President of the Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KHSA) on Tuesday said that the teachers are not happy with the government's decision to help pay the income tax of IAS officers. to be the one who doesn't change.
I believe that this reluctance and reluctance even to “use our own minds” to ask and think is the main reason why we have the leaders we have today.
The Executive Engineer of PWD from Assam has sent the contractor to stop the work and perhaps for this reason, Wajri will be affected. Wait.
According to the Delimitation Act 2002, all Constituencies should be divided according to the nature of the land, the peace and governance of the people.
UDP General Secretary Dr. Jemino Mawthoh welcomed to the party the leading leaders of the Mawphlang Constituency. from the Congress, National People's Party and Meghalaya Pradesh Trinamool Congress.
In such a world of wealth, richness and busyness, it is difficult to have the spirit of these two friends, who, even though they live far from one village to another, but not only do they talk on the phone about their work, but they also have the time to meet privately as friends to talk about their welfare as brothers and sisters. you are a member of the body.
The words should be covered well, especially when they are slow or slow.
Zenith said the government should do something about the problems of the people due to the impact of the operation of Umroi Airport.
“Now the work is in progress and we hope that the State Legislative Assembly will be completed within a year,” he said.
Sangma said that at today's meeting, they discussed that they will no longer stand on the basis of the old status quo, but to resolve the border dispute. .
However, Meghalaya failed to take the next wicket against Odisha and won in 21.3 overs.
Paul said he will talk to the MDCs and informed that the UDA will meet in these days and he will speak at the meeting. The Chairman of KHADC who is also one of the MDCs within the Hima Mylliem and also to talk to others.
The latest reports received by the SP News Agency said that the agriculture department of the government is now in a difficult situation how to explain to the public about the harmful effects of synsar cultivation as it affects the soil. The cultivation of the plant has made it difficult for other plants to survive.
Shillong, July 7: After more than 28 hours of hunger strike, Bindas has staged a hunger strike at the Additional Secretariat, Shillong to demand the construction of the Nongpoh, Umden and Sonapur roads.
Issues discussed included the Comprehensive Mechanism to Tackle the Influx of Foreigners and under the Act, the Benami Transaction Prohibition On these issues, the union urges the government to implement these two Acts as soon as possible by appointing District Task Forces.
Women aged 14 to 30 who are more physically active need about 2,400 calories, while those who are less active in the same age group need no more than 1,800 to 2,000 calories.
Hasina also suggested that India use the stone trade by ship as it is not too expensive and suggested making the rivers suitable for ships. heh.
The General Secretary Samla Rangbah Vanshan Buhphang spoke on the topic “The Roles and Responsibilities of the Village Youth Organizations”. to emphasize the need for the youth to be organized in the working methods and to have mutual understanding and especially to be clean in accounting through the reports of each work that they do.
“Sangma said the motorcycle ride is a celebration of our Nari Shakti, which is an old tradition of our rights and a demonstration of the power of women.
“Also, recalling that this issue has been going on for a long time, Bah Nongrum said that the delay of the Government is still causing problems.
Mairang, July 20: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced the elections to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya. Since the Model Code of Conduct has come into force, the provisions of laws such as the RP Act 1951, the IPC and any decisions or orders of the Supreme Court and High Courts as well will be implemented immediately.
Speaking at the launch of Project Buniyaad on Monday, Biren Singh said, “Those who entered and invaded the village after 1961 will be expelled from the state. .
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Carnes congratulated the teachers and students that through them these students who are still in the middle of their studies will see to set a good example and to be industrious at all times.
Shillong: The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ricky Nelson Syiem, on Tuesday morning visited the Them Metor and was accompanied by the Ministers of Mylliem Hima in the presence of the Secretary. Harijan Committee of Gurjeet Singh.
The four categories mentioned above are divided into the following categories: Category 1:i.
Nongstoiñ, July 15: Although the Shallang area has been in the midst of peace in the past few months, the police have not been stingy, but have continued to patrol. to bring peace and stability in the area.
HSS, Sohkha – 91.33% Cesilla Khonglah, SSLC, Riwar Jaintia Church of God SS, Ladjaplem – 76.66 % Leki Siangshai, SSLC, Govt.
When Jesus came to this world He reminded us again by saying, “When ye shall see the abomination of desolation.
Shillong: Many of the pedestrians in Riatsamthiah, Shillong have been able to renovate the footpath.
“I have received a bill for two months which has reached T.75 crore, last month I have received a bill for two months. bill of T.9 thousand tyngka and before that bill of mine was T.5 thousand tyngka, I was surprised to receive this bill, T.75 crore and even my house is not worth it, I have to “I don't want to sit on the streets if I pay the bill,” said Kumar.
Paul Leong's son Kimfa Marbaniang was arrested along with others on 25th November
“We are still waiting for the remaining T.1.26 crore from the central government,” he said.
And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book. those who are written in this book.
I don't go against the principles of the Party to fight on the principles for the people of the state.
“You can fool us once but you can't fool us all the time.
In this regard, the government has said that no reports have been received from these neighboring areas that any people have been affected by the garbage dump.
Shillong: Police have arrested Tenzing Khonglah in connection with the bomb blast at Laitumkhrah Market on the 10th of this month.
“It is shocking to know that the number of households has increased to 342, which means that 158 ​​more households (including the List) will be relocated to the new location.
The Minister said that the sports include Archery, Athletics, Badminton, Basketball, Boxing, Football, Judo, Karate, Shooting, Swimming, Table Tennis, Taekwondo, Tennis, Wushu, Cycling, Golf, Weightlifting and Wrestling.
Jowai, Jymmang, 13: The Jaintia Livestock Butcher Welfare Association (JLBWA) today urged the meat consumers to buy beef from tyrkhong. Be careful before you buy this meat.
The two employees who were dismissed and working as administrative officers of the company include Arun Kejriwal and Umesh Kumar.
Thus, the target means the goal to be achieved exactly without error.
During the meeting, there was a discussion between the farmers and the Minister, where the farmers had the opportunity to express many of the problems they face especially on the decline in the price of Sohsaw and Sying. types of agricultural products that the people of this area cultivate and produce well.
The UDP Mawkyrwat Circle under the leadership of Commander Shangpliang, Chairman, has submitted a petition to the Minister of PWD, Sniawbhalang Dhar on 15th June this year at the office. along with many demands for the works to be implemented in the Constituency.
Local taxis and auto rickshaws have been arranged to run for four days and on the days when shops are open to transport food and beverages, on the first day, they will be limited in numbers. 0,1 and 2 and on the second day, they will end up at numbers 3,4 and 5, on the third day, they will end up at numbers 6,7 and 8 and on the fourth day, They end in the numbers 9, 0 and
Nongstoiñ, July 18: The Bishop's House of New Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills, has refused to recognize the 'Consecration' of the Lyngdoh, which took place at Langniuh, Eastern West Khasi Hills in the past few days. , by saying that he who appears to be a consecrated Bishop is not a Bishop of the Catholic Church.
The death toll in India has risen to 9,5
Therefore, the time and celebration of Christmas is a spiritual gift to God, to the poor and to the poor.
“We have decided to reject this government's residence permit,” said Bah Mid.
They also suggested that the money should be delivered directly to the bank accounts of the farmers in Laskeiñ and Tnadlaskeiñ as in the rest of the state.
“When we played, the 1st ground was full but now since we moved to the JN Stadium, the number of spectators has decreased,” said SK Sunn.
“This money will be used to attract votes during the elections.
The number of trees planted and distributed on this day in these two villages has reached 3000 trees.
Haran Boro has lodged a complaint at the Nongpoh Police Station to investigate the incident. No trace has been found of the robbers. According to CCTV footage at the Toll Plaza, the vehicle hit Guwahati at 4 pm and police are still on the lookout for the robbers. by Kali Eco.
Those who wish to apply can apply online and offline. Those who apply offline can obtain the forms from the District Agriculture Office and must submit the forms to the District Agriculture Office. Applications Annexure 1 and Annexure 2 can be obtained from the website of the office (the required documents and forms can also be downloaded online from the website).
Students from various schools in the city and elsewhere, have expressed their full support to the strike of teachers against the government under the banner of JACATAM. Four students of the school on Tuesday said that it is very sad that the government has treated the teachers badly despite the protests.
Meghalaya is a 51-year-old state and we need to gather more information from such sources.
When asked how she feels about the political situation in the District Council, she said she is not happy to say anything because she is always with the people for their needs.
