Madhav Godbole, Secretary Home Ministry, in the Narasimha Rao government, which was also at the time of the demolition of the Babri Masjid by a group of kar sevaks on 6 November He said that he does not agree with the decision of the High Court today, in which no punishment has been imposed on the political leaders involved in the destruction of the Babi Masjid, including LK Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi.
Before the Behdeiñkhlam festival, there was the 'Knia Khang', the 'Knia Pyrthat' of the four Langdohs and then the 'Saw nging lai mit' which expresses the joy in the soul, the love, the responsibility to protect the environment. be a supporter in all aspects of life, concluded the Dolloi.
It doesn't matter if you are bombed, tied, set along or even killed, but the members of the KSU stand firm with courage to defend their nation,” said the KSU. “The KSU understands that if the Meghalaya Minority Linguistic Development Forum holds a protest in Brii Hynniewtrep, the KSU will also protest against the killing and violence against Khasi from time to time abroad,” he said. Shillong, Lber, 30: Police from Madanriting Police Station on Saturday recovered the body of a woman who was trapped in the rocks of the Umkhen river. inside the Mawshbuit Village Council.
This was announced in a statement by the General Secretary of the MBA, Bah Donald Steven Wahlang.
Shillong: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, through Sampath Kumar, Commissioner & Secretary, Meghalaya, today announced that from today, the fee for the Rapid Antigen Test (RAT) will be increased. ), the price will be T.250, from T.500 per test, while the RT PCR test will cost T.500, from T.1,000 per test.
The number of tests conducted till 2 pm today is 1,06,654, 1,02,477 negative, 881 awaiting results. to 34,853 people.
Speaking to reporters, the Shiv Temple authorities said that such attacks happen from time to time.
There has been a feeling by many that the riti tangjait is a tool to exploit people for personal or family benefit.
There are 19 students and 17 students are trained at the MSMA.
KSU War Jaintia Circle President Laitphar Syngkrem has called for the cooperation of the people to inform the KSU immediately if any suspected non-residents are found trying to register their names on the electoral roll.
“If the BJP really loves the state and the people, it should have implemented the ILP and included the Khasi in the Sixth Schedule before the 2023 elections,” he said.
Around this area, there are farmland ranging from rice fields, synsar and sohniamtra farming and other crops on which the farmers of Riwar area rely for food and income. There are sweet rivers flowing near the fields.
JOWAI: A woman identified as Tipshwa Suchiang, 38, has been suspected of being murdered by her husband Adifine Law, 37, of Umsalait, Iooksi.
The NRAI has also taken a final decision on the dates for the home games along with the National Championships which will start on 5th November. .
The introduction of the 4-lane road and the Shillong By-pass should have given a lot of praise to the CM and also to the state government, because it is through the initiative of the CM and the government. The state has been able to introduce these roads which have really benefited the people in traveling because the quality of the road has made it easier for the passengers, the sick and the students who pass through these roads. street.
The meeting also discussed many issues regarding the roster system and job allocation and it was decided to reconsider this issue in the coming days.
This was announced by former Mawhati MLA and Working President of the UDP State Wing and Ri Bhoi District.
“When those who won the elections have to take leave while they are MLAs without salary and the salary that should have been paid to them, other teachers have been invited to replace them while they are on leave. “What about the students?” asked the Chief Justice.
Captain Hodyson Dykes was a brave, hardworking and loving man.
This scheme is a great benefit and blessing to the village.
This decrease in the number of people infected with the disease is part of the improvement in the prevention measures, including the increase in public awareness in the field of health.
The drug trafficking has affected the youth of the village especially those who come from poor families where they have to steal to buy drugs to improve their health,” said Bah SamuelShuh. Samuel said that the union has requested the Minister to set up an ANTF due to the increasing drug trafficking in Mawlai.
The total installed capacity of 354 megawatts should have met the electricity needs of the state.
Hoping Muskut Waheh Dong Mukroh has slammed the state government for discriminating against three residents of Mukroh village by transporting them only after the post mortem at Jowai Civil Hospital Ïalong. The government has sent an expensive box to the foreigner and spent the cost of fuel and transported it to Assam.
Alvin Toffler in his book Future Shock points out that there is a 90% increase in knowledge in these days compared to the past in the 2000s.
The President said that the murder of this young woman has encouraged other young women in Nongstoin and the district as a whole.
Earlier there were two wheelers that earned by registering with the company and was known as Rapido.
Shillong, Naitung 2: Although Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem passed away on 17th November 2013 in the struggle against the British government, the surprising thing is that the government does not have There is no idea to build a reputation as a monument to this great man of the nation.
Regarding various government schemes, Tiehbah has received a water platform scheme from the PHE, but these platforms are very few and the water production is very low and most of the time the water does not reach the level.
Antonio is an MDC from the Congress in Laitumkhrah.
As the electorate, we have been trapped in a dress code that has completely changed even the way of thinking, in which we still understand the electorate in those days when there were few people who could write and sign their names.
In the semi finals, SCA 'A' beat SCA 'B' by 27 runs, while EWDCA beat WKHDCA by 27 runs. -18 Inter School Cricket Tournament was organized by the Shillong Cricket Association after beating St. Xaviers by 1 wicket.
Addressing the people of the world, Prime Minister Duh said, “India's victory in this field is not only India's victory.
“In the past three months of this year, the Chinese Embassy and Consulates General has issued more than 60,000 visas to Indian citizens. to travel to China for many purposes, such as on study trips, tourism, business, family visits and others.
The Commissioner of Transport Department, I Ingty was the chief guest to open the dealership and launched the Tata Harrier in the presence of company officials and others.
In these days we see terrible events happening in this country which cannot be counted.
Electricity has also arrived in the village but it burns only for a short time, many of them are out but the bill light arrives exactly and you have to pay otherwise it will be cut off.
The small health centre, in fact, should have only three beds, but in order to assist the patients, the doctors and nurses have had to provide three more beds. sleep.
The management of this step school said that this step school was established on 15th October, 1997 by (L) Kong Locket Mylliempdah. I was the first headmistress of this school.
The Chairperson of the Reservation Roster and Reservation Policy Committee, Dr Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, who is also a Minister in the Government, said that the search committee headed by the Chief Secretary has already submitted the names of the candidates. 5 experts to review the revision of the Reservation Policy.
Therefore, he will join Vinicius Junior and Rodrygo, who are young and talented players from Brazil.
He answered a question on the selection of candidates for the Shillong Parliamentary seat.
The awards were presented by the Registrar of NEHU SR Joshi as the chief guest and MLA of Mawlai Constituency Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang as the chief guest in the presence of Prof. L.Kma, Director In-charge of Sports Department NEHU, Prof.K.Debberma, Department of Pol.
Assam Police on the 6th of this month said that a 20-year-old girl has been abducted and raped in Gohpur, Assam.
In the absence of this Act, MDCs cannot vote as they wish.
My approach to politics is rather different, because I don’t focus on candidates.
The important thing is that we work together as citizens to develop and move forward the state.
K Bareh alone scored 201 not out from 112 balls and tied 38 fours and two sixes while E.Dkhar scored 50 runs from 52 balls.
The humanistic approach was introduced in the 90s and 80s. How do you approach or recognize the value of students and the abilities of students?
He encouraged the leaders and members of the Society to continue to promote tourism which will also bring about economic development in the region.
She said it was necessary to raise one voice against the CAB and to ensure that the state will not face any problems.
He said that the government through the opinions of the opposition government will fulfill their opinions in order to fight against the spread of corona virus in the state.
They also admitted that they were working in Chennai,” a police source said.
The Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that there have been complaints regarding these phones received at nine Noida police stations in Gautam Buddh Nagar district of Uttar Pradesh since they didn't.
She urged the people to recognize the value and nature of women and also to support them.
Many times human nature is like that and we don't even think about what will happen.
On the government's cancellation of social contracts in 2007 and 2008, the Minister of Power said that the cancellation of these social contracts is that they have not worked and these have prevented the state from started construction of power plants in the state.
The DDWS has provided documentation on the implementation of the program in which the technical aspects, optional technologies, costs, technical requirements and others, have been explained to the various aspects of the ODF Plus. which are available in technical documents and toolkits.
The incident occurred after the death of the family of Uttam and Maloi Deshmuk who passed away in 2017 and October
“It would be better for us as teachers to talk to the state government and not to fight against it by appealing to the court, because as it is, the SSA teachers are appointed by the government. The School Managing Committee and the government have not yet recognized them.
KHNAM demands that the Department should not change the advertisement by putting a 'Written Test' in the correct form, and if the Department does not do so, it will not be accepted. it, is wrong and biased.
Damepaia Shylla scored the goals for Lumkhangdong in the 24th and 56th minutes.
For more information please contact 9856041365 &
During the implementation of this project it will be ensured that the trees will be protected separately.
The meeting was conducted by the Chairman of NB&LBAPC, Aiborlang Shadap, MDC of Barato, who said, “If we have a friendly relationship between the border villages, it will be very dangerous”. Therefore, this Committee was set up to unite all.
“PMUY is a scheme for women living below the poverty line.
According to the story, this ark was filled and covered with the evils of the world.
In 2018, he lost against the HSPDP candidate Samlin Malngiang by 622 votes.
However, when India gained independence from the British Government in 1947, the Khasi States were annexed to India through the Instrument of Accession.
The award was presented to the Seng Treilang Association, one of the Selh Help Groups from Mawkyrnot Village under Pynursla C&RD Block. one of the bridges in the village which is also the highest bridge.
After his disappearance, police searched and found the abductee in Mathura, Uttar Pradesh, Delhi police said today.
These items were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh and the smugglers fled to Bangladesh when they saw the BSF.
However, they have lost the confidence of the High Court which is the highest court in the state.
Once these are completed, our state is ready to host the international level sports tournaments.
Bah Kanang Lynshing said that he does not have the intention to oppose any other candidate who has applied for ticket from the Congress party but he stands on the ground that he strongly opposes the introduction of foreign candidates. contest in this Constituency.
This is the first time India has won Hong Kong in 69 years.
The Assessment Camp (AC) will be conducted in collaboration with the District Resource Center, Nongstoiñ, West Khasi Hills Nongstoiñ. On the 10th of July, 2023 at Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat from 10 pm there will be an Assessment Camp to renew the Unique Disability ID (UDID).
Speaking on the CAA and the National Register of Citizens (NRC), Hasina said these two laws are not India's domestic affairs. the law is not faithful.
Speaking on the occasion, she said that this competition is not only for the talented people to come and showcase their artworks.
They leave it like this all night and the door is left open so that the leaves can get some moisture from the air and will not shroin when they have to be taken out of the house in the morning.
Residents of Dhubri area on the 16th of this month have arrested a thief and seized 2 air pistols and several unused bullets from him. .
The BJP Meghalaya also said that Minister Rangbahu has implemented a very important policy in which Pakistan has received a response from what it has done at the LOC. The President of the country, has made India proud.
She said that this is the era of competition and it is necessary to instill in the children the mindset to be ready to compete with other large and developed states.
The union also warned that they should not continue to hire mynder and urged various companies to provide the necessary documents before working and not to bring in foreign workers during this period. “If the party finds it, they will not have forgiveness,” said Khraw Iawphniaw, General Secretary of the party.
He said the Congress will go around now to explain that the BJP is a Hindu party and will persecute Christians. “It is the job of those who take advantage to destroy the BJP,” said Alphons.
The Minister said this while responding to the reply of the Minister of Revenue and Disaster Management, Bah Kyrmen Shylla to a question by Mawryngkneng MLA Heavingstone Kharpran on the distribution of assistance to two families. affected by a house fire.
“It is not only that the VPP won in Mawryngkneng, but the reason is because of the song composed by Bah Smilling which has been very successful”.
Shiningstar Rymbai (64) and Phem Dkhar (79) scored two goals each for Pasyih to qualify for the quarter finals.
Ki Sur Na Pubon was also attended by Brian Daly Kharpran, one of the leaders of the Meghalaya Adventures Association. member of this group.
We must now explain to our government that it will not accept such decisions which will lead to the change of the Map of Meghalaya and the misunderstandings between us all in this second phase of the amendment. you're right.
This decrease will be limited to women or men but it includes everyone, so here we want to mention a little.
“The people of West Khasi Hills have expressed that they have been neglected by the government, and they want to get the road funded by the Ministry of Road Transport (MoRT) of the Government of India. Speaking on the road from Nongstoin to Mawthabah which is allegedly a way to mine uranium, he said.
“However, if the population increases to only 30 or 31, our government will not be stable and we need to join hands with any political party to strengthen the government,” he said.
The attack on the school was ordered by Taliban leader Maulana Fazlullah, who also ordered the shooting death of Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai. survived the shooting.
This happened in January 2022 after Timothy Southern, 53, was on a trip to spend time with his family, children, brother and other relatives in the area. period.
Synshar Lyngdoh, 16,679 votes, Samlin Malngiang, 13,257 votes, 1,756 votes, 1,756 votes, 1,756 votes. TMC candidate Stoding Thabah received 89 votes, HSPDP candidate Sandondor Ryntathiang received 62 votes and BJP candidate Seraph Eric Kharbuki received 40 votes.
Daniel said the Sengbhalang wants the laws passed by the district councils or the government to be strong enough to prevent the illegal entry of mynder into the state.
The failure to hold the Durbar U Syiem in the past five years is an incalculable corruption, in which the foreigners get to sit in the front seat with the children of the thousands on the ground.
H. Kharmudai scored for Nangkiew Irat in the 26th minute and B. Nongkynrih for Lawsohtun SC in the 43rd minute.
After a while, the Public Hearing was moved from the ball ground to the Community Hall of the factory, but the people who learned of this secret idea of ​​the Public Hearing, came to the Community Hall. and here again they were stopped by the police.
We have not heard anything about the new road with the new bridge by which we cannot pass or avoid the bridge which is above the dam which has collapsed or above the The main dam is the Umiam Reservoir.
The uniform he was wearing was stem, like the uniform worn by the police and he was wearing jeans.
The elections were held in various villages of Tamil Nadu from 6th to 9th March with 79,433 candidates contesting for 27,003 posts.
It is the first time since Chauhan took over as Governor this year that he has met personally with the heads of any district to get information from them on the state of peace and order.
I wish him all the best but if he wins or loses it is different because it can be a bad dream for him but we should not count anyone as an election beat the election.
The purpose of the mock drill is to train the public how to protect themselves in the event of earthquakes and natural disasters, especially the public not to be confused or panicked but to be calm and Follow the rules when there is any incident to avoid any tragic incident especially to help those affected.
The Congress party is not weak ei ei, at this time it has become stronger and stronger. Even the farmers, traders or government employees have faced many problems in the past five years. The Congress party is the only party.
“The Government has allocated T.26.5 crore for the improvement of all the village roads in Nongstoiñ,” he said.
Also present were the Field Office in charge of government assistance through the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) and others.
There should be no confusion of powers because the Constitution has already divided the boundaries of these three cases.
In collaboration with the government, the Municipal Board and the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board, the necessary measures should be taken to prevent the flow of waste into the rivers.
At the meeting, the Minister said that if the officers fail to fulfill their duties, the government will take strong measures to punish them. including the engraving of their names.
The Garo and Lyngngam are called “Dko”.
Hadrian Lyngdoh said that these 12 MDCs are like the 12 Apostles and said that all of them will stand together to speak in the Legislative Assembly. they are like the 12 Apostles," he said.
Not only in the 17th North Shillong constituency but in the whole country, may you win again so that you can accomplish the tasks that remain for the sake of our people.
He remembered thinking that Halbert was poor and that he and his family had not yet become anything.
He said that according to the information, the village has already issued a NoC to the Airport Authority of India.
Shillong, July 31: Students who intend to apply for scholarships or grants have faced a lot of trouble as they have to stand in line for hours just to buy the E-Stamp due to the shortage. You cannot sell these E-Stamps.
Then it will be a matter of who will die from corona and who will survive.
The Seng also said that it will continue to stand with the Khasi Pnar people living in Lapangap and other parts of the Meghalaya-Assam border area and the Seng will not allow even an inch of land. of the Bri of Hynniewtrep will not flow into Assam.
That the Government shall act in accordance with the promises of the party in power, and which that party has already promised to the people.
The school has reached its 61st anniversary to date.
There should be no cleaning of the tops from time to time by the PHE and Municipal.
Gabriel Wahlang MLA/MDC Nongstoiñ Constituency was the chief guest in the presence of the Headmaster of the school, Rev. Dr. MS Nongrem, Deacon GW Nonglang. The Assembly of God Church Siejlieh, teachers, students and parents who came to witness the ceremony.
When asked about this, Martle, who is also the Executive Member (EM) of KHADC, said, “The best thing to do in terms of leadership is to continue as the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance government has started. (MDA)”.
Ukraine and the West can turn Russia's plans around and defeat them if they give strong support to Ukraine in this year, Ukrainian President Vladimir Putin said. year.
“According to the 2011 report, the areas in front of Mukroh including Psiar and Khanduli fall under the conflict zone, while Mukroh is a village in Meghalaya,” he added.
This treatment is known as 4-D Radiation Therapy.
In the public meeting, about 10,000 people did not support the demand to amend the Labor Act passed by the Central Government.
Nongpoh: After the end of a public meeting held at Mawkhuli village yesterday, a public meeting to demand that the Meghalaya government should immediately resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam, has been held. A Longkmie of Assamese ethnicity, who said that she too does not want her land to be taken over by the Assam government.
Participants from the universities that will participate in the Inter-university chess tournament include Jadavpur University, Chhattisgarh Swami Vivekananda Technical University, MGKVP University, MSCB University, Berhampur University, Calcutta University, KIIT Burdwan University, SM. , Adamas University, Manipur University and Banaras Hindu University.
They also recalled that Bah Shylla used to support the mining of uranium when he was CEM. “We don't agree with him, we don't know on what basis he stands,” said Bah Hubert.
Before the tree planting ceremony, a short meeting was held by Dr. AJ Lymba, Principal Ummulong Presbyterian College.
It is learned that her family members have told her not to wear jeans, but to wear traditional clothes, but she has refused.
“Because the BCCs are not working, we have changed them to work.
If the road from Crinoline to Barik is a two-way street, it is not difficult to do the same for the roads from Laban Sport Club to Seven Set School. Malki-Barik-Civil Hospital-Rhino road has been closed due to traffic jam, as many vehicles intending to travel to the Raid Laban area use these roads.
Speaking to media, Dr Mukul Sangma said that such news is fabricated and people should wait for such news to come from the right people.
Shillong: The Inspector of Supply of South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday visited a school in the district to investigate the incident. decay.
All the expenses of the trip for Damang will be borne by the Governor of Sharjah.
Look at the example of the Lower House of Parliament in Delhi, we see how the Supreme Court Badonburom has heard the opposition and the ruling cannot be a JCB.
Doing this will not only improve the appearance of your tree but will also improve your appearance.
Many more Nepalis are still missing and some have been seriously injured in the attack by Hamas militants in the past few days.
Not all pastors or theologians have the vision to contest elections but only those who have the spirit and come out of the four corners of God's service into the battlefield of politics.
“This is just a bias and we urge the Minister to take action on this and it will also be a sign of respect to the government employees who have paid their salaries regardless of whether they are big or small. position".
Nephington, which has been serving for more than 30 years to provide education in the village, but this time the school authorities have taken the decision to start the Higher Secondary level, which is in class 11 and 12 Arts to make it easier for children to continue their education in the village.
We must be visionary youth, we must not be misled, we must unite and we must understand each other,” he said.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The government's construction of houses for the Below Poverty Line (BPL) in Nongmensong has provided a lot of relief to those poor people due to the payment of rent. it is less according to their income.
However, Conrad Sangma immediately fled to Manipur to join the government as the BJP and the NPP are allies in Delhi and Meghalaya.
A few years ago, Martin Luther King Jr.
Four people have died and four others have been seriously injured in the fire and they have been taken to hospital, he said. these are still undergoing surgery.
In Ribhoi, 20 cases, including 4 cases from abroad and 11 cases from high risk contacts.
They are John Kharmyndai, Keling Rani, Curtis Rani, Philansar Marwein and Swanding and demanded that the KHADC should take action against the Syiem.
The donation was made because the failure to implement the Jal Jeevan Mission has led to a struggle between the States/UTs, which will help in the speedy implementation and ensure water supply under the Jal Jeevan Mission. mission.
Police have recovered the bomb from them.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 18: The residents of the villages along the border with Assam are still facing many problems in all aspects due to the lack of development works delivered by the government. public.
Nongstoiñ: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Khasi Hills District, after completing the construction of a good house for a poor family from Myndo Um Kyawin village, today visited the The house was handed over to Jamesing Kharbani and Klan Tina Khar Muslim.
The KSU leader said that the KSU members arrived at the school at 11 pm but found that the school was closed.
Oatmeal, soy milk, soy milk or juice are some of the foods rich in Vitamin D. Including foods rich in Vitamin D is also helpful for the bones, muscles and bones. .
AJMRWLU President KL Pariat said that the EE has promised to try to find ways and means to get the salaries of the muster roll workers after their strike.
Also present on the occasion was the Acting Rangbah Shnong, Bah S.Khongkliam, who congratulated and expressed his gratitude to the MLA for these donations in the presence of the Executive Committee of the village. , longkmie and others.
As a nation, we have our own thoughts.
The main reason for this shortage of money is the lack of goods and services in the village markets and large markets in their areas.
Shillong Lajong Head Coach Bobby Nongbet, while speaking to reporters, expressed his excitement for tomorrow's match especially after the team has been able to win the tournament. However, he said that they will not take sting in this match against Delhi FC after their victory against Aizawl FC away from home. some of the best players in their team.
Although the middle batsmen tried harder to stay in the game, the team couldn't do anything against the threat of Meghalaya to score the victory.
The Government of India has decided to lift the requirement for drivers to have a degree.
These are just two of the issues that the TMC wants to show and point out, the attempt to hide the truth and deceive the people of Meghalaya.
Shillong: Bateithymmai Nongrum, from Bynther Village, has become one of the most talented youngsters in singing.
Therefore, the Jirang MLA said that on such incidents, the law will take all necessary action.
Police said Bikram is a resident of Chabua area, Dibrugarh district of Assam.
The new election law puts voters who are citizens of India at great risk.
Express the spirit of patriotism and nationalism not only from the mouth, but like Tirot Sing Syiem.
New Delhi: Bihar, Jharkhand and Uttar Pradesh are the poorest states in India, according to a report by the Niti Aayog.
Because of the knowledge of the world today, we also have a threat to the media.
According to the 2014 census, the number of accidents in Meghalaya has increased by more than 7 percent compared to the national census, said the Additional Chief Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs, KS Kropha.
Robertjune said that for 35 years the people have elected and allowed those rithor parties but unfortunately until now only the border has not been resolved.
Two youths from Lamin village were stabbed and their vehicle was also damaged by the Bangladeshis.
At the same time, the HYC also said that it has found from the RTI, that they have not received all the documents from the office of the PIO and at the same time there is a mistake in filling up the forms because it is not as written on the applications.
I'm sorry but I'm not happy.
"When you have characters as good as Albert and Elizer, you will never fail to expect the film to be great.
The incident took place in front of the Congress office in Delhi, where the Congress worker threatened that if Rahul does not withdraw his resignation, he will commit suicide. ha utei you tree.
Joint Secretary: Kennedy Shylla and Riang Lanong.
As we have learned, the first party of our State Meghalaya struggle was the E.ITU (Eastern India Tribal Union).
He said that God created the heavens and the earth and all living and non-living things.
In another innings, South Garo Hills won the toss and elected to bat first, losing 56 runs in 12.3 overs.
Ma Swer, believes that this new coal mining, will be a license, for the purpose of mining, he said.
They give a special greeting for him," he l added.
The Rangbah Shnong of Wahingdoh, Bah R.Marbaniang, has appealed to the authorities to work properly and not to do too much when building any structures such as wells. roads and other buildings which will not last only for one or two years and which will endanger the people.
“In fact, at the recent meeting in Motphran, Deputy CEM Bah Teinwell Dkhar gave his speech and at the meeting between Thyllaw and Mawlongbna, Bah Ardent asked the MDCs who “It's not enough for Bah Teinwell to speak,” said Bah Latiplang. He added that the appointment of the Standing Counsel was made on the advice of the UDP. you are my own person.
People's leaders should not talk too much about these issues related to the Constitutional Laws, so that the people will not be confused.
It was reported in the Shillong Times that the BJP has a strong electoral bond of Rs 520,000 crore and the Langpih supporters have been arrested.
Kishlay Vishlux (14) and Bishes Chettri (10) scored in the second innings.
Farmers from the two districts of East Jaintia Hills District and West Jaintia Hills District attended the meeting held at the KVK office at Wahiajer.
Meanwhile, all schools have been ordered to seek their questions from the Co-Ordinating Officer two hours before the start of the examination.
“I will explain to you, I am a teacher, secondly I am a Moderator at Doordarshan Kendra Shillong, why am I I am an announcer at All India Radio Shillong and fourthly I am a freelance broadcaster across the state.
People are also looking forward to it.
Don't let children lose hope because once they lose, it will be difficult for them to get back to the point where they have the spirit to fight.
When asked whether it is true that Sanbor has tied a table in the prime minister's office, he said, “There are cases when ministers don't agree with my decisions but what is talking between me? and no matter whether it is with ministers, MLAs, party leaders or anyone else, it remains between them and me.
It is understood that the post of defense will be handed over to MM Joshi or he will not be able to become the Speaker of the House.
According to the Report of Sir H. English Asst Political Agent of the British Government in 1839 and on this map written in the old Nongkrem language. since the time of the SAWKHER THREE PRIESTS who founded the ancient Hima Shyllong.
The robbers are suspected to be Khar Bangla who came to India to steal and kill the people of War Jaintia and others who walk and stand on this highway.
The complaint was sent by a ST woman who was denied access to the Delhi Golf Club Limited because of her customary dress.
“We have to verify whether the information we receive is true or not because every day we receive about 10,000 information,” he said.
This Day of Girls in India is celebrated every year to provide education on women's rights and to briefly tell about the inequalities faced by women in their lives.
“After the Governor's approval of the Delimitation Committee, it was decided to rearrange the constituencies.
“When I wanted to pick the flower, the owner came out and beat me,” she said. “I cried for help but no one listened”.
On the other hand, the meeting will be attended by Vice President Bah Kmen Myrchiang and Chanmiky Lamin Publicity Secretary.
“Bah Pynshngain is only a resident of Pynthor and Ma Sniawbhalang is also a resident,” he said.
In East Khasi Hills District, there are 15 cases, including 13 BSF personnel and 2 civilians.
Shillong, Lber 22: As a sign of condolence over the shooting of doctors, in the homes of patients in Maharashtra, in the past few days, doctors of NEIGRIHMS today, in the flag of The NEIGRIHMS Resident Doctors Association (NRDA) has celebrated today as a day of work and wearing blue clothes.
In these videos, it was also seen that some people have forced and forced some of the vendors to intimidate and harass the Seng and its members.
Of course, on those cleanliness or uncleanliness, he said that people in any area put these things first and on this too people should think.
Silvestar Mylliempdah scored 81 runs from 83 balls and Bamanbha Shangpliang tied 42 runs from 77 balls.
Mawlai won the title last year by beating Laitkor in the final.
It is true that the government authorities have already been aware of this but have not done anything and have allowed the people involved in this smuggling to continue to do so.
At this time, Bah Shiningstar Kharpati rushed into the pond to clean up the house and fell into the pond despite his friends trying to help him and giving him a siej. also.
Fortunately, the motorcycle protest does not have any leader but it is only the voice of the people.
“The 20th of November, 2013 was like being tied with a tyrnem from my head which came to destroy me, until now I cannot understand what I have done wrong, the news that I was sent to resign “It's like I've been sentenced to death,” Jayanthi said in a letter to Sonia Gandhi.
He said that in fact, the government should have released more than T.130 crore to the district councils from the revenue collection from coal and mining.
The office of the Joint Secretary said that the government has purchased vehicles from Uttar Pradesh as there are no such vehicles during the lockdown in India.
Many of the students who spoke at the rally demanded that the government should implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state, and said that the Tenancy Bill has nothing to protect or prevent. foreigners are allowed to enter this state.
After the 1000 years, there will be a resurrection of unbelievers who do not accept Jesus Christ, and they have already lost.
“When we are there, you will see how much they have looted our country, you will see how much they have done wrong and made our country poor,” said Bah Basaïawmoit. .
In the men's category, Tynnai Sports Club vs Mawkyrwat SA, Mawranglang Laikyntoit vs Mawlangwir Sports Club, Nongpdeng Kynbah Sports & Cultural Club vs Mawthawiang. Nongtraw Sports Club and Mawranglang Laikyntoit A against Mawkyrwat Sports Association.
“Our student had the opportunity to ask questions to the Prime Minister.
He also urged the public to refrain from taking passes and to follow the instructions of the volunteers who drive the vehicles.
To climb this river is very difficult because of the heavy rocks and steep places.
KA AJYWO has suggested to the State Government to focus on the development of priority areas including health centres, construction of roads to connect rural areas, Government Secondary Schools, Higher Secondary School and Government College within the district.
The truck (NL.01 AG-1112) was driven by Bah Elisha Maring, who was ill and went to park the truck at the petrol pump. After he had left for his home in Byrnihat, at midnight, the robbers robbed the empty truck. Hey.
India started the day by losing 232-234 to Korea in the women's final at the Compound.
“The management has been following up on this issue with the Ministry for two years,” said the Director.
In Tripura, 98 new cases have been confirmed, bringing the total number of cases to 2,3
Shillong, July 12: After the spread of rumors that bread is a food that can cause cancer, many people have become cold and many have refused to eat bread.
Sherif is also the first Egyptian player to reach the quarterfinals of the WTA 1000, which has confirmed her return to the top 50 in the next ranking. her ability to improve further in her sporting career.
He said that since the OM has been approved by the Cabinet, it is up to the Cabinet to correct this shortcoming in the Roster system.
Mendy Adreena L Mawlong took 10 runs while Habanda Risha Shangpliang took three wickets for 10 runs.
Furthermore, commentaries or explanations or strong advice about her life or actions are inappropriate.
Embhahlang Syiemlieh of the UDP and Marbud Dkhar of the Congress will contest from Mawlai.
The presence of doctors, nurses, and nurses at this AYUSH hospital will provide an opportunity for the people to get treatment for various diseases.
“Thousands of Adhoc teachers under the banner of FASTOM have been protesting continuously and sleeping on this road for three days and three nights.
The Government has said that it has prepared a plan, and if the equipment is purchased, the cost will be about T.27 lakh.
“The action of the MBOSE will destroy the uniqueness of the Khasi language,” said Dr Nonglait.
The new cases include EGH: 12, EJH: 24, EKH: 157, NGH: 16, RBD: 260, SGH: 06, SWGH: 06, SWKH: 14, WGH: 34, WJH: and WKH: 27.
The BDO of Mawkynrew Block, Bah LT Tariang was the chief guest and the meeting was conducted by Dr I Syiem, Block Medical and Health Officer who also delivered a welcome speech.
She said the Congress is the oldest party in the state but this time it will take new measures to ensure victory in the 2023 elections.
The program was organized as part of the introduction of new incoming students to the university and is held annually.
The Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills has informed that if anyone has seen or received information about him, please inform the nearest Police Station and anyone who has found him.
For more information please call 8131804743 /
Indonesia is the world's largest producer of palm oil, followed by Malaysia, Thailand and Colombia.
Mawkyrwat, November 12: Lapynhun Dkhar and Joshwa Fort Nongsiej have been the winners of the Miss & Mr South West Khasi Hills District contest. The program was also held at the Nativity School Mawkyrwat as part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya.
The meeting was chaired by BJYM President Egenstar Kurkalang in the presence of BJYM Co-Incharge Somojit Singh. It is the duty of the youth in society to bring about a clean and efficient government for the development of the state and India as a whole.
On the 17th of March, the Seng Khasi has registered a new clan for the son of Bah Ankush T Marbaniang and Nang-Vaishali Shyam, who live in Laitumkhrah, under the clan 'Kharshanbha'
There are some places that take time and some places that work well,” he said.
One after another speakers at the meeting expressed their strong opposition to the government's plan to take the land of the raid to build the new city of Shillong.
“Therefore, the Uniform Civil Code which aims to create one country, one language and one religion will not succeed especially in Meghalaya which is a woman's country. from the male as in the Hindu caste.
The proximity or distance of a sohtrun tree in that area: that is, according to the number of years that the farmer intends to leave the land to bear fruit.
These departments have studied and investigated this after finding out the illness of the children in these days.
Speaking at the VPP recruitment ceremony in Umsning, Dr Ricky said, “I am a teacher at NEHU and my salary is sufficient and I don't need to worry anymore if I think only of myself but for the soul. It doesn't allow me as a teacher and it makes me join hands with the VPP to clear the difficult fields to give the future generations a brighter future”.
He said he had to do this after the amendment to the Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly that the Chairman of any committee shall be elected by the Lamphang from among the members who have not yet been elected. shall be appointed to any position within the Assembly Secretariat equal to the rank of Government Ministers.
“Similarly, only the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 has been amended but the notice will remain the same,” he said.
This market is called the “Umni” market and is held on the Umni day once a month.
The West Jaintia Sports Association (WJDSA), Jowai, which is also the organizer of the L) Kesilroy Pala Invitation Football Tournament 2023, has announced that the final match of the tournament will be between Mukhla FC and Salaroh FC. It will be held on the 13th of this month at 1 pm.
He said it is sad that this incident happened in the villages, but on the other hand we commend those children who came forward to tell what happened.
The words of the wise say, "In the eyes of God and nature all are equal"
In Shillong, a protest was held at Madan Malki.
She tied the cloth on the tree where she used to carry clothes and when she realized that it was strong she began to tie the cloth from her neck. come to fight for her soul.
On the other hand, Vigyat Singh expressed his satisfaction after seeing with his own eyes the site and said that if all the works go smoothly, before the end of this year. The construction of the Waste Recovery and Treatment Plant at Mawkyrdup has started.
He also expressed his surprise that the MDCs who supported the no-confidence motion and those in the EC had no reason against him and recently they went with him to Tripura and visited the Khasi people. Pnar also accompanied him to Delhi in the past few days.
They don't want the same people to rule in the same ways for decades now.
Speaking on the issue of environmental protection, u Bah Lyngwa suggested that as school children, they should also provide information to their parents on the use of plastic. Therefore, as people when they go to the market to buy something, they should remember to carry their own plastic bags. plastic that is not ready for home.
Public School and Ialong SS won the prize.
He also accused the JHADC of financial failure under the leadership of the NPP and until now there is no proper plan to improve the council and the people.
In the health sector, for example, Namdong PHC, which has received a building since 2012, but has not been able to meet the needs of the people, has taken up to 9 years to open.
Speaking on the occasion, Teimiki Sungoh said that the youth from the state who take part in this sports face many challenges. The biggest challenge is the lack of assistance from the government. Because you don't know much about this sport, many young people have improved in this sport.
The Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong, has once again demonstrated its commitment to provide opportunities to talented people and also to promote the dignity of this region.
Prestone said that for those who have already paid for the three months of lockdown, they will arrange for other months.
JOWAI: Mynthong SC has qualified for the Meghalaya State League (MSL) after winning the 12th Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) by beating Wasa Utd beat Wasa Utd 4-3 in the final at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Monday.
“The Congress party, according to the leader, stands firm that the Roster System should be implemented from now on and not since the independence of the state, that is, since
This has led many to question the rights of democracy and the protection of minorities.
There are a variety of important seed meals that you can include on weight loss.
According to a source from the Station Officer of Nongstoin Fire Service, the incident happened at 2:30 pm this morning. Together with his friends who work at the PWD Mairang Division office, they came to the top of the hill to eat stories.
Dt 02-02-2024 bala passed by the Special Judges (MMDR Act.
Regarding this incident, the HNYF Pynursla Unit immediately demands that the company should remove the Dkhars involved in the attack on the members of the HNYF.
He said that not only has there been damage to the church but also to the homes of the believers and also the killing of their livestock.
The meeting to launch the Bill will be held on the 1st November 2013 at 10:30 pm at Yojana Bhavan Auditorium.
He said that the MPCC's action was too hasty and it was done within hours and it was the same as they postponed the Legislative Assembly just for the sake of forced implementation. you work with maloi.
ML-04C-1763 was registered by Justarwell Tang of Musiaw, WJH District.
U/P & RMSA School with tie breaker.
These farmers are from Shakhoikuna Village in Ri Bhoi District where they have received development projects to improve agriculture through NABARD to build water tanks and check dams in their farmland. However, according to these farmers, it was alleged that some of them took advantage by demanding a share in the implementation of this project for the benefit of the farmers in the village.
After they are made, they are transported and sold in the market.
We have to have a meeting with various groups for which we have not yet fixed the date.
There are 8 D License Coaches (4 in Shillong, 2 in Smit and 2 in Mawngap) and 24 Grassroots Leaders (12 in Shillong, 6 in Smit and 6 in Mawngap).
The CoMSO said that the company GVK has committed many unacceptable acts which have affected the employees, therefore the government should appoint an impartial commission of inquiry or hand over to the CBI. I don't know the truth.
There were also others who came from the states of the western part of India and expressed their happiness to see and experience the heavy rainfall and especially the beauty of the Valleys.
The beginning of that is as Jesus said to Nicodemus (John 3:3) "... unless a man is born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God.
It is difficult to escape from being caught.
KHNAM said that this is due to the order of the state government to close down some parts of the city center on the morning of the 19th of this month. The government has ordered the ban, but suddenly it was banned and many of them remained in darkness.
And we should take Block-I, Block-II up to Brahmaputra to rule ourselves as it has been our land since ancient times.
Cloudia said that the child was afraid of her family members because she was a child and she decided to tell what happened, but she did not agree as said by the MLA. that the word of consent will not come out because this is a child who is only 14 years old, or anyone who is a child cannot be said to have agreed to marry.
The Pakistan Muslim League (PML-N) leader, who is a close ally of Nawaz Sharif, was also speaking to condemn Imran Khan's allegation that some people were planning to to attack and that his life was in danger.
The match will start at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium at 6 pm.
At the 2021 Tokyo Olympics, he won the Rnong medal in the 4x400m relay.
The three others were identified as Perly Pohlong of Muktapur, Waimin Tongper of Sohkha and Deimon Dhar of Kyndongtuber. u Waimin Tongper.
“If we cannot resolve this issue at this time, please hold my word that even after 50 years, I don't think we can resolve this issue,” he said.
“This district does not have a single football ground, athletic ground, basketball ground and others,” said the sports secretary of the KSU. Leaders of KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit including President Streamly N Suchen, Chairman Village Jalaphet Bri Sumer and others.
After the first innings, Khimmusniang Jowai scored 191/10 in 32 overs.
He said that two battalions of the India Reserve Battalion should be set up in the state and to extend the deployment of 15 companies of CRPF. The Police Department has been appointed under the Modernization of Police Forces Scheme.
“We want to provide for all these and to ensure revenue of T.500-T.600 crore and also to protect the people from various illegal activities.
West Garo Hills, which hosted the tournament, won 73 medals, 17 gold, 17 silver and 39 bronze.
Dr Rani said the discussions of the Academic Council of NEHU have not said anything on the implementation of the NEP-2
(iv) to respect and appreciate the employees working in various jobs, to increase the wages and pay the salaries exactly every month.
He joined the UDP recently at a meeting in Mawkyrwat.
It may or may not be right; but looking at the way it works, it seems to be.
CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing said that the mother of Bah Marbaniang, Dorothy Marbaniang, has lodged a complaint with the Chief Superintendent of Police, Bah J Rymbai. to this thing.
One of the screening centers has been set up at ISBT Tura for people entering West Garo Hills District, South Garo Hills District and South Garo Hills District.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai has unanimously decided to issue a letter to all the Waheh Shnongs of Jowai not to issue NOCs to foreigners or companies who intend to trade in Jaintia Hills especially in Jowai.
If you don't rep, can you live? So they decided to go and kill those wild animals that came to destroy their crops.
Syiemlieh took this decision in order to serve the people properly at the meeting held in the past few days.
The Dolloi of Darrang Elaka, Ma Pyrwa Lymba, has informed the public that the entire Elaka is prohibited from visiting the Elaka especially in Wah Umngot without informing the Elaka. come.
Shillong: The MPCC President Vincent H Pala on Friday said that the Congress has no intention of cooperating with any political party, including the NPP, except the party. Indian People's Party (BJP).
He said that when they come to Mawlai they say brother Khasi, we love the nation support us, when we reach the constituency where there is Garo they say friend Garo we will look for the benefit of Meghalaya. There are Mizos and Nagas in the North East, and when they reach Pynthorumkhrah, they turn around again because the VPP candidate in that constituency speaks Dkhar to win votes, and has reached that constituency. they are from India.
“I have resigned from the job of distributor of foodgrains because I don't feel I can take this job without pay,” said Kong Marylinda in a letter sent to the Sordar of the village. Binus Kharthangmaw and Secretary Charles Kurbah have sent their resignation letters to the Rangbah Shnong.
The main themes of the G20 Submit are economic stability or economic growth, and addressing international economic challenges.
the thep mawbah the shad the phur,
I want to be a Presbyterian 8014081928. I want to be a member of the Presbyterian Church.
Police were informed and taken to Khliehriat CHC for post mortem.
The exhibition was inaugurated by VA Hynniewta, Additional Deputy Commissioner, Mairang.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) has sent a petition to the Director of School Education and Literacy (DSEL), Shillong, Meghalaya on 23rd March 2018, against the School Management Committee. Upper Primary School teachers.
To take the bus from the villages to : a.
The treaty between the Khasi Hills and the British Government expired on 15th August 1947 under Section 7 of the Indian Independence Act,
At the same time, Rueben said that the police have promised to the KSU that if the two KSU members who were arrested are not involved in the incident in Ichamati, the SDPO has promised that quick to apologize in the media.
On the other hand, Timothi D Shira, Speaker of the House, said that Danggo had sent his resignation letter by 9 pm.
To promote the New Year as a tourist attraction.
The Ri Bhoi Super Talent Show was held at the Parish Hall of St. Paul's in Nongpoh. Those who attended the show included Bah Mayralborn Syiem MLA Nongpoh, Bah Rocky Marwein, Congress candidate from Umsning, Bah Rocky Marwein, Congress candidate from Umsning; Bah Rijied Khymdeit and Bah Standwell Manih, the organizers of the exhibition, the elders and many people from different parts of Ri Bhoi.
He also visited the Umïam Pond where the fish seeds were released in the Umïam River.
For those who are planning to take out a loan for the first time: There will be a grant in the form of up to 20% for a loan of up to T.50,000, under the Mudra scheme.
Regarding the construction of this road, the residents of Rambrai area have expressed their satisfaction, because since this road has been destroyed, the traffic has stopped up to The fare from Rambrai to Nongstoiñ, which is only 20 kilometers, has been compared to the fare from Nongstoiñ to Shillong, which is only 85 kilometers.
“If the government does not understand the need to amend the Reservation Policy, it is difficult because talking about the Roster System without affecting the Reservation Policy is useless,” he said.
The area of ​​the property is 1343 Sq Feet.
MR Arjun and Dhruv Kapila defeated Ricky Tang and Ryane Wang 21-11 21-12 in the men's category to give the team a 3-1 lead.
The Nongthymmai Sports & Cultural Club was established in 1944 after receiving this ground.
Besides Senstar, there were also many supporters of former MDC Mettrinson Momin who joined the AITC party on the same day.
However, coffee cultivation does not seem to be growing as fast as we should expect.
The injured were identified as Shandra Thongni, Ailinda Thongni, Olinda Thongni and a child.
The JSU also gave an example of the transfer of PWD North Jowai Division to Shangpung Sub Division and changed its name to Shangpung Division. The JSU has threatened to protest if the government does not immediately upgrade the PWD office in Amlarem.
In recent years, the State Government has established two programs for local entrepreneurs called “PRIME HUB” in Shillong and Tura, where local entrepreneurs can come to learn training, in which they will immediately share information and knowledge.
The report of the Senior Electrical Inspector said that Muktieh was found sleeping unconscious inside the distribution sub-station. The management of ITD Cementation India Ltd. has been informed.
The god Janus was one of the gods of the inhabitants of ancient Rome and was a 'God with two heads, one head facing backwards and the other facing forwards.
He said that the Board in collaboration with NGOs including SURE, Young Minds Collective and Scouts & Guides will conduct public awareness campaigns in all the villages, schools and colleges in Jowai on how to separate them. cough.
The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) said that there are 139 voters who are over 80 years of age and 54 who are disabled.
This amendment will implement the social peace agreement signed between the Central Government, the Government of Meghalaya/Assam and the UPDS.
In the final, Rising Stars played against Nios Sports Club, where Nios SC won the toss and elected to bat first.
But when we rise together that is freedom.
Azerbaijan also acknowledged that many of the Armenian troops in the area had been defeated and that many had fled the area after realizing that they had no strength to fight back.
The injured soldiers were taken to the District Hospital in Bijapur, the Chief of Army Staff said, adding that they were taken by plane to Raipur for treatment. continue the treatment.
Samla R.Nongtri, Publicity of the RBYF, Ri Bhoi Sepngi, said that the RBYF has banned the passage of these heavy vehicles especially the 16 and 12 shaka trucks. It was found that the movement of these trucks carrying Shyiap, has destroyed the road from Patharkhmah to Warmawsaw and which has caused problems to the residents and users of the road.
With this victory, Lajong will prepare for the title against the winner of the second semi final between SAI, Manipur and Siniolchu FC from Sikkim.
Drinking little or no water affects the health of the whole body.
“There have never been governments in the past years that have dared to do like this government especially on such an issue which has faced many challenges,” he said.
One man has lost his life after being hit by a truck at Mawlai Lad-Ïewrynghep at about 1:30 pm.
East Garo Hills has 2 cases, Ribhoi District 2 cases, South West Garo Hills 2 cases, South West Khasi Hills and West Khasi Hills 2 cases each.
The Israeli army says it has received reports that Palestinian militants have thrown bombs at animals to attack the troops, especially at donkeys. The incident occurred when a donkey went straight to the soldiers with bombs, but no one was injured.
Not only do they pay but they also read again.
Shreyas Iyer tied 128 runs off 94 balls, KL Rahul tied 102 runs off 62 balls and Rohit Sharma, Virat Kohli and Shubman Gill tied more than 50 runs.
The supporters have become increasingly eager to find a new skum as the five years have ended and they have felt the need to get a leader who is more like them and whom they can convince.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that it is true that the state is still short of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) but he has decided that the state should achieve them. The day will be the first day in the country in terms of health care for children and all people.
He said that at this meeting, no new president was elected, but how to strengthen the party was discussed.
Speaking to Rupang, Second Prime Minister Rowell Lyngdoh said that he went to the festival because he was invited. “I went because I was invited.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Minister of Education, the President of the Association, Kong Bina Kharumnuid, said, “We have informed the Minister not to ban the secondary school teachers from attending the meeting. to participate in political activities and to be allowed to contest MDC/MLA/MP elections as permission has been given to Higher Secondary School teachers.
This dance was revived after 20 years because there are no more ancestors who can perform the rituals with the sacrifice as they used to do since ancient times.
Babu Khongjirem said that the state government through notification No.DSEL/SEC/NG/MISC/7/2010/45 has announced on 13th July to give special leave to all the deficit teachers who go to school. this meeting.
The bill was passed with 311 votes in favor and 80 against.
This is the first time in WJH and in the state as well.
Perhaps the government that pays them their salaries knows better about this.
The leaders of the past still had the spirit of working together with a strong mind, a clear mindset and a stable and stable mindset, but now the mindset is no longer the same as before because of these those who are now walking around,” he said.
However, Norway opened the scoring only five minutes later from Guro Reiten (20 min).
This shows that within five years, the number of voters has increased by 7.28 crore.
aided institutions) should go on duty election without forgiveness or thinking even the slightest thing that will affect the education of the students.
He said the Chief Secretaries of both the states are continuing to meet to find ways and means to resolve this issue.
FKJGP War Jaintia Circle has met with the Assistant Executive Engineer of MeECL at his office in Amlarem on Monday regarding the sudden increase in the price of electricity bill.
“This is not an election for MLAs, it is MPs. To seh, we will work together,” she said.
William A. Sangma, Darwin D. Pugh, Brington Buhai Lyngdoh, Purno Agitok Sangma, Salseng C Marak, Flinder Anderson Khonglam, Dr. DD Lapang , (L) JD Rymbai, (L) Dr Donkupar Roy, Dr Mukul Sangma and others do not encourage or encourage teachers to participate in political activities.
However, in another report, it was reported that the Governor may not accept the Ordinance after the President refused to sign the Bill to allow the Parliamentary Secretaries of the AAP government in Delhi.
Therefore, the Presbyterian Church Syngku invites and encourages the public to come and witness this day especially to take part in the work of God.
The Chairman of the Hundred Drums Wangala Festival Committee, Ronald Rikman Sangma, expressed his gratitude to the State Government and the Government of India for their financial contribution.
He said that if the government continues to resolve the boundary issue in the second wave according to the 2011 report, it will be a great loss to the jaidbynriew because many of the residents are part of the The Khasi Hills especially in the Block I and Block II areas will go to Assam as only a few villages were recognized by the government in 2011 as belonging to the state.
The winner of the tournament will receive a cash prize of T.2 lakh and the runner-up will receive a cash prize of T.2 lakh. T.1 lakh and other prizes.
The painting is a portrait of Tirot Singh and commemorates the 183rd death anniversary of Syiem Tirot Singh.
The groups expressed their opposition to the international trade border where the government has empowered the Deputy Commissioner to open and monitor.
The crematorium has been empty since the quarrying stopped in 1960 and the villagers used to use the crematorium to break these vehicles, which they no longer use along with others. and the things which are not needed in the house.
He said he would personally talk to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and the Chief Minister regarding the matter after returning from Kolkata and would apologize if it had offended anyone at the meeting.
The Bhoirymbong Circle under the leadership of Samla Bryan Sohkhlet, President of Bhoirymbong Circle, together with other leaders from Bhoirymbong Circle including Bah M Kharbuki, President and Bah HS Syngkli, General Secretary, visited the Bhoirymbong Circle. Bhoirymbong CHC has caused a lot of trouble to the patients who come to get medicine from the hospital.
If deem feet"On this order, the export of coal to Bangladesh has been suspended.
He said that in fact, the senior officers are expected to act wisely by following a clear and fair procedure according to the laws and regulations to bring about a proper procedure. However, this show cause notice is invalid.
Why doesn't a Bengali have a wife to marry a non-Bengali? Why doesn't the wild donkey have a wife to marry the wild donkey woman? Why doesn't a Punjabi have a Punjabi woman to marry? God gave them their own land and their own singmana and its people to multiply and multiply according to their kinds.
This Police Reserve is where the Jaiñiong Police live, who can imagine that with the height of the well, with the protection of the guards, the HNLC troops will still be able to enter to do their job.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The State Government through the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development has decided to improve the quality of rice in the state by starting the planting campaign.
We want to make it clear that the Government should not consult and listen to the Shnongs, Raids and Hima Khasi.
Sohan was shot dead at Dobu A'chakpek in a shootout with 10 Special Force commandos.
He said that the earthquake in Kathmandu was caused by natural disasters, but at the same time it was caused by forced land use by humans.
Shillong: The Hyc Padu Unit on Tuesday sent a complaint to the CMD Donald P Wahlang, SDO Amlarem, DC West Jaintia Hills and the MLA of the constituency, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, regarding the the fire of Paduh.
The source said that the suspect also damaged several parts of the house of the woman and the police of Nongstoiñ Police station, after receiving the suspect, said that the suspect had damaged the house of the woman. They went to the village to conduct an investigation and found out the truth according to the complaint of the woman.
There is a fact that if all the iatur cows in the community are united, the lur cows will be easier to work for the benefit of the people and society.
He said that the public meeting was held as part of the public awareness campaign on the ownership of the Langja area by a private individual.
International Volunteer is celebrated every 5th November to encourage the youth to become volunteers in any activities in the community for the good of the community.
The Waheh Shnongs of these three villages expressed their gratitude to SBYWA for their assistance. Namphrangmi L Talang, General Secretary SBYWA, said, “We congratulate the village leaders. who have selected poor households and to deliver these food items to them.
In the 33rd minute, Syiem scored the second goal for Mawpdang, seven minutes later, Kipjen scored a hat-trick to make it 5-2 in the first half.
In Ri Khasi, women have their own freedom but this freedom has been misused by some of our own women who were born to walk away from the customs and traditions and who have forgotten them. the wisdom of Mother and Father.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Monbha Pyrbet said that this land has been owned by the residents of Lapangap since ancient times, but the Karbi have come to work now after planting trees.
uk/report-pothole.
The Chairperson of the Committee, Santa Mary Shylla, convened the meeting in the presence of MLAs Miani D Shira, Adelbert Nongrum, Gabriel Wahlang MLA, Marthon J. Sangma MLA and Bah Mathew B. Kurbah.
In his speech, the Minister said that not only during the rainy season, the residents should take part in the tree planting campaign, but during the 365 days of the year. residents should take part in tree planting activities for the preservation of forests in the state.
In order for the works to go smoothly, the Minister said that on the 6th all the preparations should be completed.
He also explained how shopkeepers can get assistance if they register their names through the Labor Department.
Dr. Don's estimate that they will get 32 ​​MLAs is wrong. He means 3 to 2 but he doesn't see it wrong. this spirit" he said.
How we celebrate Christmas is a question for individuals, families, churches and denominations.
Deacon Teiborlin will remain a Priest of God until after taking an oath to live chastely, poorly and obediently to the leaders of his religious organization and the Church until the days of his death.
To date, the ILP has been implemented in four states in the North East; Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Nagaland and Manipur.
The arrested suspect and the seized items were handed over to the Umkiang PS for further investigation.
It was also seen that these newly elected MLAs as soon as the Dorbar started, they stood up to speak on many issues related to the constituency and especially on the issues that affect the Jaidbynriew as well as the the whole State.
He also informed that the Government of India through the Department of Land Resources is ready to fund this important project to ensure the digitization of the land records of each State within the State. country.
Ronaldkydon Lyngdoh Nonglait, Kynsaibor Lhuid, Nikelson Bina, Fullmoon Mukhim, Donboklang Lyngdoh, Carbokshamthaws Dawanklang Chawanklang m Kharsyntiew and u Guidle King.
The idols from the four puja pandals were broken at Umsyllih, while those from the pandals at the dewbilat factories were broken at their own cement plants. .
He said that these youths who have completed the training are also the strength and hope of the government departments after they have completed the training and urged them to make proper use of their training, knowledge and skills. They have received a strategy for the development of the people and the state in the field of environmental protection.
“The Prime Minister's Secretary (Prestone Tynsong) has requested the report and he is the one who can provide detailed information,” he added.
“Therefore, at such times when Odd and Even numbers are being issued, in fact the government should have helped, but as you can see, the state government doesn't have the spirit, because it increases the fare every year. kuna," said the owners and drivers.
“On my part, I and the HANM Jaintia Unit strongly oppose the Star Cement Plan which is also a foreign company to come and work in the land of Hynniewtrep.
The President of the VPP Khliehriat Circle, Bah Damewanhi Rymbai, said, “We see that it is time to register with the party for those who want to join the party. “It's not like we're going to be able to work, they're going to use money two or three months before the election,” said Bah Dame. “Even in the remote areas, there is no talk because just talking about the Hima Sima has been looked down upon and said that the VPP cannot create the world because it doesn't use money,” he said. Many members are disappointed, because in East Jaintia Hills, the mindset of the people of the district means that just joining the party is for benefit, but our intention is that those who join the party This party is for the good and for the change, not for personal gain and we will not allow anyone to join the party to take advantage for personal gain, but we will There are also those who think that if we join the VPP it is difficult because we don't have anything to give, we will work hard, we will cover them. “We will close our ears when there are words of encouragement, words of discouragement,” said Bah Dame.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) on Tuesday held a meeting with the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) on the 25th of this month to monitor the implementation of the Community College in Wahiajer. to prof.
The India U-17 team will play a friendly against the UAE-17 on the 16th of this month in Dubai.
As part of the meeting, Rao said that SIDBI's key initiatives through its Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) aim to develop local entrepreneurs and also to support for the youth of the North East to take up opportunities to improve in their own fields.
He was awarded as the best and longest teacher in the Hima Mawiang Syiemship in 2014. He has received all the best teacher awards from the District Award in 1976, the State Award in .
Shillong: The District Sports Officer, Shillong in collaboration with the Deputy Commissioner, Shillong, in collaboration with the Deputy Commissioner, Shillong, as part of the celebration of the 48th Anniversary of Meghalaya, The Meghalaya Day Run will be held on the 21st July, 2020 starting from VIP Gate, JN Sports Complex, Polo, Shillong from 6.30 pm.
According to the Lamphang, his appointment as a member of the Privilege Committee and Subrodinate Committee was after the members were renewed every year in November and forgot to remove his name. On the same day, he was removed from the membership of all these committees of the Assembly.
Until now, this synrop government has not been able to do anything for us the people.
And what he is saying here is about Israel.
The prayer was held at the Church of Our Lady of Help of Christians in Laitumkhrah where the youth and office bearers of SACYM attended the prayer in solidarity with the youth of Khandwa.
Explaining in more detail, Conrad said that in West Khasi Hills, all eight villages in Tarabari while two out of three villages in Gizang and 11 out of 12 villages in the south will fall under Meghalaya.
Hundreds of workers who used to work in various jobs in Tura city have started fleeing the village with the help of the police for fear of the incident.
He completed his religious studies at Unitarian College Manchester, UK6
The blast occurred when the students were leaving the school at noon.
In the midst of these challenges you may face, you need to think about giving gifts to your friends that do not involve material things, but an expression of kindness.
Commander has served as the President of the MeFLIMA at the Cannes Film Festival in France in recent months.
These experts said that when a sick person sneezes or sneezes, the disease, which comes out of his mouth or head, spreads and enters another person who is still breathing.
On the other hand, the VPP spokesperson said that he does not want the word Bharat to destroy the Indian language and it should remain as it is in the Constitution.
“Leave it as it is,” said the mother. “I'll go and sit down for a while at Santa's house,” said the mother.
“After the polling day we will change the government for the betterment of the future of our children,” said Bah Pohshna.
Mitra, a former transport minister, reminds us of Modi's election promise in 2014 to deposit up to Rs 15 lakh in one person's account. per Indian, but it has not been fulfilled to this day.
In June 2023, the NPP President, Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Prime Minister, announced that those projects will be in the field of tourism, conversion of agricultural products into various foodstuffs. , and in the digital world of working through modern technology.
I have been applying for scholarships since 2016 but I haven't received them yet.
He said that to achieve this goal, it is necessary to make the people aware that the railway line will be of benefit to the state.
The union has sent this statement after many of the offices of the central government, semi-government do not respect special days and holidays and if anyone is found to be against it, the union will you can't close it and take other measures.
Many other local entrepreneurs also shared their success stories at the event.
The BSF has lodged a complaint against the incident.
Tynsong said that the current outbreak is not like last year, but it is very thorough and therefore the department is warning everyone. residents that they must protect themselves.
Earlier, the KHADC had faced difficulties in passing the Khasi Social Custom Lineage Bill as it was in conflict with the custom of the Bhoi but the CEM said that it was after meeting with many elders. including religious leaders from Ri Bhoi who have expressed to him that this custom of the Bhoi is necessary, so he said that it has been decided to introduce rules so that it can continue as usual.
These three schemes include the reconstruction of the Raliang Fire Service Station, the second is the opening of the Raliang Greater Water Supply Scheme which will distribute water to 30 villages and the third is the Raliang Way Side Amenities. a dining area for guests.
Shillong: The State Government may issue a new notice to find and purchase land for the construction of a landfill in Jowai.
The Secretary of Sohphoh Village, Bah Foster Kharsahnoh, congratulated the leaders of the mission for their hard work and efforts to help the poor people at this time of need. Assistance to poor households in Sohphoh.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The United Democratic Party (UDP) is ready to strongly criticize the Congress-led MUA-II government for the misuse of public money which has caused serious problems in the state.
With the announcement of the names of the four candidates, the Congress will contest in all 60 constituencies.
On the other hand, Rev. JJM Nichols Roy is one of the seven children of Khah Than Roy and Rimai Syiemlieh.
In the second leg of the tournament, Mawkyrwat beat South West Garo Hills 2-0
“Farmers will have to pay half the price for the fertilizer and the government will pay half the price set by the ministry,” he said.
On the 9th of this month, the SDO held a meeting at Amlarem to resolve the issue, but the meeting did not come to fruition due to the protests of the people demanding the removal of the immediately the law shall be broken in this place.
He is one of the police chiefs who has been pointed many times by law enforcement.
Shillong, November 06: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the Government will soon convene a meeting of various groups to discuss and exchange views on the return of the Ministry of Home Affairs. Affairs of the Central Government on the Meghalaya Residents Amendment Bill 2020 and sent some comments.
Therefore, the JTTA has taken action to monitor these foreigners and has arrested them and deported them from doing business without any permission.
The flooding in the river has caused difficulties for the children to go to school and also affected those who have to go to the workplaces where they have to stay at home or stay at home. the ships were filled with fear.
The bill was introduced by the BJP-led NDA government and passed in the Lok Sabha.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20 : U Bah Vincent H Pala, President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MDA) on Tuesday said that the Khadar rule of the State under the rule of the MDA Government shows the gap between the poor and the rich. the rich became richer, and the poor became poorer.
We have to look at the history, there are many cases from lawsuits and others and for this reason, it takes a long time to resolve.
Shijian has 15 million followers on Chinese social media and is also the wife of the country's foreign minister.
Tomorrow, when the pandemic has subsided and the work has reopened, how will people buy their necessities? Who is the one who sells or who is the one who sells? For example, if people reduce food consumption, it will affect farmers who sell agricultural products and others who sell food, not to mention those who sell clothes or other goods.
Ilarishisha also congratulated the President of the KSU Central Body, Bah Lamboklang Marngar for the meeting between the family members of Rueben and the KSU leaders on the 10th October I hope and promise that there will be no more problems in this regard as it is just a childish mistake.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: There are currently two active cases of Covid-19 in East Khasi Hills District in the past 24 hours. but no one was healed.
This year marks the 40th anniversary of FSS.
Nongstoiñ, November 28: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) has launched one of the newest projects in the state. Register the names of all the women who are poor and pay a thousand tyngka per month.
It is for this reason that the Khasi people do not work to give jait like others from the seed in order to avoid the loss of race and lineage of the mother.
He said that the traffic from MES Point (Rilbong) to 7 Mer Upper Shillong is under the jurisdiction of the Lumdiengjri Traffic Branch.
The KSU 20Mer Circle, led by Samla Khrawbok Sylliang, in the presence of Bah Lambok Rymbai, General Secretary of the KSU Ri Bhoi District, held a rally on the NH-6 near the Entry Point Umling.
Abdul Talukdar, a resident of Tezu in Lohit district of Arunachal Pradesh, has tested positive for COVID-1
He said the NGT coal ban could put pressure on the government as it loses revenue of about Rs 600 crore but the government has a way to overcome this problem.
When the KHADC police came to his shop, he was not in the shop but he had another foreigner who was his employee. straight away he came to the shop and went to talk to a woman who was picking up children and selling auction clothes near his shop.
On this day, there will be a temporary closure of the Shnong until the cleanliness of the Shnong.
As the bodies of the deceased have now decomposed, the head of the hospital has urged the relatives and others who have any connection with the deceased to They have requested that the bodies be collected from the morgue of the hospital within three days before handed over to the Shillong Municipal Board for further investigation.
The HYC Permanent Unit demands that the PWD department should build a road from Permadan to Kynshi Mawria, as it is closer than the road from Permadan to Kynshi which is too long and winding.
“I have had the opportunity to talk to and request the Minister to provide assistance to the farmers of the State,” said Bah Banteidor who is still in New Delhi with the leaders of the Hill Farmers' Union (HFU). He said that the farmers with fertilizers in the State cannot produce their crops to survive.
But during those prophetic times no believer understood the incarnation of the Son of God.
He said in the last election, he got 60 percent votes from Jaintia Hills but this time it may decrease slightly.
Jamaican Education Minister Fayval Williams on Tuesday said the children had eaten the drugs. kynja' as you know the public.
In Sadar Bazar constituency, Maken from Congress received 16,331 votes, while AAP candidate Som Dutt received 67,507 votes and won. He received 33,192 votes.
“In fact, before I arrived here (Himachal Pradesh) I had gone to meet with the directors of Government departments but because I did not get any reply and because the time did not allow me to arrive here ( Himachal Pradesh) to exercise, so I had to spend my own expenses,” said Jovial.
The West Jaintia National Council (WJNC) to support the poor during this time of lockdown in the villages to fight against COVID-19, has donated 5 kilos of rice to several villages. villages in Iochsi and Shaphai.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The FKJGP Central Body on Tuesday congratulated the students of the state who have dared to come forward against the Residential Act introduced by the state government to implement it in the country. The ILP. The party said that the students' rejection of the government's citizenship law is their vision for the future of the nation.
Former Nongkrem MLA Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, who is also the leader and candidate of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), said that the reason for the formation of the new party is because all the political parties The world that was in this state was destroyed.
UDP General Secretary Allantry F Dkhar said the party has no intention of insulting anyone or the Chief Minister.
Elections are not a selfish task but a great task, a sacred task, a service to the people, which is a very difficult field, where thousands of people cannot but they are only wise men, wise men who have understanding, intelligence, and wisdom.
These allegations by the BJP Meghalaya Unit are not true and are ridiculous”.
Niponghi Sumer scored the first goal for the 7th minute.
In order to protect this river from various pollutants, to preserve its beauty and also in order to prevent people from getting sick and also to survive the dohum dohwah, the District authorities have put in place with a strong command.
Luke 19:28-44.
Therefore, the issue of cattle preservation has been resolved especially by those political parties that formed the MDA Government. When Assam introduced a law known as the Assam Cattle Preservation (Amendment) Act, 2021 has been questioned whether this Act will affect the import of cows to Meghalaya as cows imported from Bihar and other states have to pass through Assam.
Lyngdoh said the ARPA leaders have informed the Governor that out of the 23 amendments, 20 have been accepted but sub sections 8 and 16 of Section 5 have not been accepted at all because it will kill the government. “We have made it clear that the demand to amend sub sections 8 and 16 of Section 5 does not mean that we are against foreigners but it is the basis to protect the land owners like them. I'm the owner of the village,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
The salary remains the same at T.19,044 per month for Lower Primary and T.20,943 per month for Upper Primary.
Of course, the Kingdom of God is not a visible kingdom or a kingdom with borders like the kingdoms of the world and it is not just a kingdom or a kingdom, but a foundation, a new mindset, a kingdom. value system and example are true and we must fight and strive to make them happen here on earth.
All those who wish to take part in the race are informed to register at the DSO office and the deadline for receipt will be before the 30th of this month from 10 am to 1 pm. 4 pm and all the participants are requested to bring their EPICs on the day of the race and the DSO office has also prepared cash prizes for the winners.
The purpose of mining uranium we must remember is an attempt to genocide our nation.
Other traders, when they saw that someone could win the election, started to panic and prepared themselves to contest.
“Thomas Jones has taught about farming by opposing the farming of syrti (thang khlaw) since ancient times and this teaches us how to protect the environment in this age,” he concluded. and Dr. Nongbri.
Bah Synrem asked whether those who have been appointed have provided any service or benefit to the people of the state in the past three years.
The decision was taken at a meeting at the office of the Land Resources Department of the Ministry of Rural Development of the Union Government in New Delhi.
They were arrested by the police from their residence in Demthring after a drug dealer was arrested by the police this morning from the Fire Brigade, Shillong. .
However, he refused to cooperate and tried to escape and the search for him has started, said the SP. The SP said that the four children, four boys and one girl, have been arrested. in a very dirty room.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr P.Nongtdu, congratulated the Jaintia National Council for its success in serving the welfare of the country and the nation.
In fact, there is no need to hold elections in the past.
The semifinals of the Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament have been scheduled for the 12th of July at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Another thing to say is that as a nation we don't reach our goal just because we sing this song RI KHASI RI KHASI I don't agree because the truth is from us all as a nation AND PARARI, as that song says. Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, “When I look at the country, I don't have a nation without a responsibility. It is from our own hands that we have created MRAWS.
“Let us be united,” said Bah Jyrwa.
From the top of this hill you can see the Umïam Lake, the Sohpetbneng Mountains and even the Makashang Mountains or the Himalayas in the clear sky.
The arrested person was identified as Noor Miyan, 35 years old.
Japanese women, although they have adopted many of the customs of the sep – us, but at the same time the Japanese stand on the foundation of old customs.
Jowai: The Dorbar Shnong of Namdong A, today held a dorbar bah in which more than 1,000 residents of the village came to the dorbar to discuss the destruction of the forest. Please donate to the JHADC to improve this forest which is rich in Sal, Teak and Lymphiang trees.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills has promised to punish those shops which sell too much according to the MRP, and the DC of East Jaintia Hills has promised to order all the shopkeepers to Ration Shops within the boundary of East Jaintia Hills shall have a display board.
O children of the Khasi people, O children of the Hynniewtrep people, strengthen your heart, and stand up for the rights of the people.
The ECC on Saturday held an emergency meeting with the Waheh Shnongs to discuss the issues in accordance with the Covid-19 protocol of the government. My meeting hall is located in Latyrke, Sutnga District.
Therefore, young people, when they are eager and willing to do anything exciting and new in life, must have a humble spirit, who accept and obey the words of the elders, They cannot cleanse their words, because the child in the end will remain a child, but the old man is the guide who will show him the way to reach the goal of victory, no matter what. Whether it is in the field of education, sports or self-employment, young people need to face the challenges first, leave behind the desire for happiness or quick profit, but everyone seconds, minutes and hours, every penny, every penny, every penny, they should be able to stand firmly in life, because these are the strong foundations that can support the life in the midst of the struggle to be wise, to be wise and to be famous forever.
Regarding the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya in Block 1 and 2, Treibor said the JSU government should include Dalloi, Rangbah Shnong, MDCs from Block 1 and some other members. experts or elders within the Regional Committee of the Government to ensure the smooth running of the border settlement and to avoid the loss of land on the Assam border.
The CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem has urged the leaders of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) not to bring politics from West Bengal to Meghalaya. .
To recall what has happened recently during the Assembly session, the Governor of Meghalaya (Phagu Chauhan) on the opening day of the Assembly delivered a speech in Hindi.
“We were forced to own land through the IOA which was a social agreement in 1947 but the NDA government under the leadership of the BJP has introduced this Act. government threatened.
Jowai PS Police are conducting investigation to track down the suspects.
When asked, he said that it may be an attempt by the Minister to play politics on this issue but he said that he does not want to criticize anything, but will appeal to the authorities. judge.
This was announced by the Minister of Electricity, AT Mondal, on Friday, in reply to a question on the measures that the Government will take to get electricity as the demand cannot be met from the rivers alone. electricity, especially when it is time to build dam projects and the opposition to the construction of electricity projects.
Shillong, Nailar 06 : Bara FC beat Laitmawhing SC 2-0 in the 1st Division of the Tyrsad Area Sports Association on Saturday (6/8/22). Wudlang Jaba scored the second goal in the 24th minute while Wudlang Jaba scored the second goal in the 37th minute.
“We have suggested that the government should do like Sikkim that foreign vehicles should not be allowed to take tourists to different parts of the state but should have a place to hold them. Foreign vehicles and from that place commercial vehicles of indigenous people registered in Meghalaya should be allowed to transport these tourists around the places to earn a living,” said Thomas Passah.
At present, the village authority is still in the process of improving the beauty of many of the tourist attractions from the roads to the streets so that it will be easier for the tourists to visit the area.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Factories, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday said that the factory of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) has had to be demolished because it is too old and could collapse in any place. any time, which can be dangerous to people.
Shillong: U Bah Charles Pyngrope, MLA from Nongthymmai Constituency, today urged to count 50 percent of the salary of MLAs as part of the fundraising for the fight against the coronavirus. virus' within the state.
Mawkhar opened the scoring through Aibanraplang Dohling but could not score due to offside.
“The true honor for (L) PA Sangma is to follow in his footsteps and way of thinking, that is, to put our country and the people first,” he said. Speaking at the 7th PA Sangma Memorial Lecture on the occasion of the 76th Birth Anniversary of PA Sangma, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said this. PA Sangma Foundation held a meeting at the District Auditorium, Tura on Thursday.
However, if there are books inside the house, it shows the mind and character of a person.
Jesus is the Lord and Christ the Messiah, the Savior of the world.
The union said that as the days and years go by, the unemployment rate is increasing and many young parents are now relying on this cattle breeding industry to fill their pockets. all the needs of the household and other areas.
Holes scored in the 68th minute and Shick in the 80th minute for the Czechs.
Shillong, July 21: There has been a demand from many to conduct an investigation into the alleged involvement of employees of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) and the owners of bungalows in Shillong.
The Enforcement Police of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday conducted a surprise raid on shops run and owned by foreigners across the city. Nongpoh to find illegal shops without proper documents from KHADC. The raid was led by the Enforcement Inspector, Bah V Bamon in the presence of other policemen.
“I am a leader who has won three terms as an MLA and I have also been a Minister and MDC and I have been in politics for 30-35 years and I have been in politics for 30-35 years. he was perfect in all respects.
The Speaker of the House has been directed to conduct the meeting by ringing video camera and the report should be sent to the Governor through the District Council Affairs Department.
However, according to reports, there has been a strong protest to remove Mukul Sangma from the post of Prime Minister after Conrad K Sangma's victory over the Congress candidate in this election. Mid-term MP.
Who is to blame? The citizens should check which parties & leaders are responsible for the border of the State!.
Don't worry about yourself, you'll be fine later, Tell the truth, There's no corona.
Of these, 9 cases in East Khasi Hills and 19 cases in West Garo Hills, bringing the total number of cases to
When asked whether the new Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) will be invited to join the ILP demand, the General Secretary of the HNYF said that as of now, there is no need for other political parties in the HNYF. your group.
The General Secretary of KSU Mawshynrut Circle, Samla Ulysis Ryntong, urged the people to be vigilant and think against such fraudulent activities so that they will not be taken advantage of. It has given only one month to return all the money of the people or else the party will take strict action.
Speeches were delivered by Justice Paul Lyngdoh, Damki Suchiang, Head of Khatkasla, Esyndet Dkhar of Barato, C. Tangliang, Head of Iooksi Iapkhla and Congress Candidate Nehemaya Tyngkan. The meeting was conducted by Titos Shadap from Barato.
Nongpoh, March 03: It is a great joy and encouragement for the traditional healers in Ri-Bhoi District to build and open a traditional healing center in Ri-Bhoi District with the assistance of the state government. The Meghalaya Traditional Healing Clinic (RBTHA) is located in Pahamsyiem, Ri-Bhoi District.
However, unfortunately, these have not been fully implemented due to the conflict between the District Council and the State Government.
He also urged the residents to continue to work and serve for the good of the village especially to promote the development of the village so that the peace and stability of the village will continue. a lot will change in the coming snigs and years, he added.
These include EJH: 1, EKH: 73, RBD: 10, SWKH: 3, WJH: 17 and WKH:
“The Secretary to Urban Affairs, Bah E Kharmalki said that the reason for the congestion is because the existing roads in Shillong cannot be improved.
“The FOCUS is a kind of grant given to our farmers whether they are rice farmers, soh farmers and jhur farmers which works in the rural areas and in the state as a whole.
“I would like to send a clear message to the government not to incite or set fire to the youth of the jaidbynriew with forty kinds of search and rescue operations lest the Tlang turn into Lyiur but arrest immediately those policemen who They have taken the lives of our brothers and sisters," he said.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sohiong Circle under the leadership of its President, Samla Purningstar Shabong today met with the Sub-Divisional Officer, Sohiong Sub-Division.
He urged those in attendance to work for the causes of the country’s freedom movement and to follow the beliefs of the Indian freedom movement.
The JSM, therefore, warns that if it does not stop completely, then the Saitsama area will turn into Langpih, where the state government will have to take responsibility.
The Federation also reminded of the implementation of the 5 percent increment every year and also to increase the retirement age of adhoc teachers from 60 to 65 years.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall has been reported in parts of Shillong this morning and in different parts of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
She said she expects the legislator to help alleviate the problems of the youth in this era of unemployment.
Amitabh Bachchan, one of Rishi's closest friends, tweeted, “T 3517 – He's GONE.! Rishi Kapoor.
The 6th MLP Battalion under the leadership of Bah Lakador Syiem, Commandant as part of the “Reaching Out-Beyond the Call of Duty” program to help the poor in the society has distributed blankets in the village. Umran Dairy, Ri Bhoi District on Thursday.
“What do you expect from us, when we have already said to appoint an Expert Committee, what is the role of the Expert Committee if we have given our opinions.
As usual on Sunday, the traffic jam has resumed in Upper Shillong.
Nongstoiñ: The 77th Independence Day of India was celebrated in West Khasi Hills together with the people of the area.
The President of KJCLF also expressed his regret over the tear gas bomb attack on teachers who were with their children and said that this action of the police is wrong and inappropriate.
This training will also help even those who do not have access to school to understand what it means to elect leaders and it is not the election card to buy their votes.
These birds have come to Demthring, a village a few kilometers from Jowai on the other side of the Myntdu River, and have been staying there for about two months.
The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District regarding the deterioration of the Shillong-Jowai road.
As part of the celebration, land was also taken from Lyngkhat, Pyrdwah, Umsyiem, Dawki, Kongwang and other villages in the border area.
Marshall Biam distributed the foodgrains to these villages as part of their efforts to help them get food items during this time of income crisis due to the lockdown imposed across the country to fight against the disease. COVID-19.
Paul Leong recently sent a copy of the order issued by the Meghalaya High Court to the Council after the Police Enforcement of the Council raided the shops of foreigners who set up shops in the city. your building.
Therefore, it is necessary for the village authorities, hima and government authorities to take action to educate the villagers to have an understanding and determination to protect the forests and to be thoughtful in the management of forests. jhum cultivation of the fields prepared for cultivation to avoid the fire of hills, rivers or forests should not be limited to written rules but should be implemented properly.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shillong City today lodged a complaint with the DC East Khasi Hills District regarding the crossing of the PWD road by the army. There is no petrol pump in Anjalee.
The meeting was conducted by the children of Seiñraij Mukhap Children's Wing including Kyrmenmi Ymbon and Rideihok Niang.
Jowai: The East Jaintia Hills Drivers' Association (EDA) has demanded that the Toll Gate Authority in Ialong should open all the gates 24 hours a day so that there will be no traffic jam.
After the cancellation of the Inter School Athletic Meet (ISAM) 2022 in 2020 and 21 due to the outbreak of COVID-19, the DSO, West Jaintia Hills has announced to hold the Sports Meet this month. January (May).
In another innings, East Khasi Hills Cricket Association beat West Khasi Hills Cricket Association by five wickets.
In East Jaintia Hills, there is one case of high risk.
Dapborlang Nongkynrih tied 28 runs from 23 balls and Sujit Dey 25 runs from 27 balls.
They were identified as Walangki Sungoh, 16, and four other men named Augustin Shylla, Kordon Sungoh, Binelson Raksaw and Manki Sungoh.
Shillong: Some shopkeepers at Lyngkhat Market near the border between India and Bangladesh, have alleged that they have been harassed by the Border Security Force (BSF) troops from time to time when they bring in goods. They came from Shillong to sell at the shop at Lyngkhat Market.
In his singles match for the title, Messi beat Kylian Mbappé, who has worked hard for France, in the final. in the 2022 World Cup.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 19: The residents of Nongumbah, Darephang, Nongspung and other villages in Kyrshai area are on the border with Assam. Rambrai Hima while Darephang and Nongumbah are the villages under Raidmynsaw.
All three of them had already applied for bail from the High Court but the court rejected their bail application and for that reason they fled and arrested another one. after one by the police.
Referring to the government, Bah Shylla urged the government to set a support price for agricultural products so that the farmers can survive as the price of agricultural products has increased. especially to the merchants and to the merchants.
Some of these employees have worked for 20-30 years but have been paid and about 9 employees of ICAR have been dismissed by the authorities.
Speaking on the BUILD programme, the Minister said that Meghalaya has strong village authorities and village leaders play a major role in the society in the villages.
He added that this is especially true for the children who read at night as well as the elderly and the people who lose sleep.
Risan Dkhar scored the first goal for Ladthadlaboh in the 15th minute, while Ladthadlaboh managed to turn the tide through an own goal. ) at 45+1 minutes.
The society provides farmers, small shopkeepers, self-employed workers with a very low income.
The State Government has started since 2015 to accelerate the construction of the NH-40 (International Road) from Shillong-Dawki through the funding from the Japanese International Cooperation Agency (JICA) but till now nothing has been done. It is a clear sign that this road which can connect with Bangladesh will be operational.
In the past, people didn't remember that word, but now it has become clear, pylleiñ pylleiñ, those who do that don't do it anymore, I saw why they don't do it anymore because there are people who encourage They don't encourage instead of speaking strongly or understanding that it is a terrible sin, but they pray because they say they want to fix it, but their fixation is to confirm it in their prayers. Pastor preachers that is “Dead prayer”.
May the Lord bless and help us to gain the wisdom and understanding to obey and listen to the “MAHAM” from the Word of God.
Earlier, the lawyer of CMJ University admitted that the Meghalaya High Court had accepted the petition of the CMJ to challenge the decision of the Governor to dismiss it. Meghalaya has clarified that this is not true and has not accepted the complaint of the university authorities.
He said that the cause of the accident is not known but he suspected that it may have happened while the driver was looking at his mobile phone. It is at this moment that the car may have fallen into the river.
According to the President of the Civil Society of Women Organization (CSWO), Agnes Kharshiing, in 2010-11, the government purchased only 5,000 capsules. In the following year, in 201-12, it purchased 20,075,00 lakh capsules.
The program was conducted by Bah RL Kharpran, Vice Chairman of MNIVCS, followed by a briefing on the work of IVCS by the Secretary, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh and a speech of encouragement and blessing by a woman of the area. you are the king of victory.
Even in the midst of the shooting, the people did not flee and continued to throw stones.
A – Alert V – Verbal P – Understands pain U – Unconscious/Unresponsive Sick and unconscious CPR is a life-saving treatment when you cannot breathe and there is no blood clot.
Through the petition, the Nongpoh MLA also requested the DC to declare a curfew in these areas, so that the entry and exit of people between Meghalaya and Assam can be controlled. prevent the spread of COVID-1
The Book of Ruth is a statement and warning against the philosophy that Jewish blood is pure, pure and should not be mixed with others in order to preserve the uniqueness of the nation and to experience it. the blessings of God.
Before the Khasi State joined India, the British Government was also the guardian of the Khasi culture.
Because the country celebrates Republic Day on 26th July every year, Indian Customs celebrates International Customs Day on 27th July every year.
Suddenly, there was a heated argument between the Magistrates and the leaders of the Association who did not even allow the contract teachers to stand in front of the statue of Kiang Nangbah.
“The CID has agreed to investigate the case of the President of JYF and this is the case not only in this state when there is a killing of prominent people in the society,” said one of the JYF members. The SP of EJH, N Lamare, has also confirmed the incident.
Shelomi Syngkon, Clinical Psychologist, who spoke briefly on this disease, gave an example of how to ask, listen and help people who have these symptoms of mental illness.
Meanwhile, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that through this project, the state government will be able to provide treatment in ICUs in different districts and the opening of the 10 Bed ICU project will proceed to ensure. that there will be no change in the improvement of health care in the state.
Speaking to reporters, Shangpliang said, “Before Christmas, the government should release the food allowance for the elderly, single women and the disabled”. Mr. Shanghai.
“I would like to ask the Congress how many MLAs you have now.
The inspectors of District Jail Jowai have conducted a cleaning and disinfection of the District Jail Jowai on Monday.
The party also demands that an inquiry should be conducted into the incident and calls on the people to be peaceful in order to reach a fair decision on the protests.
I jaid I kind of keiñ.
Furthermore, according to the Food Safety and Standards Act 2006/2011, meat vendors are not allowed to sell meat in front of shops without covering or putting it in their shops. clean places to avoid infection from any diseases.
Prestone Tynsong said that a special train from Rajasthan will leave Jaipur on 26th July 2020 and for those stranded in Maharashtra and Goa, the Meghalaya government will complete the transportation. to all the young men before the end of the month.
He said according to the agreement, any work that UCIL will do should not go beyond the people to give confidence to the people where the government will be only the leader but as it has become clear now, the UCIL has gone astray in doing so without any information or discussion with the government.
Also present on the occasion were Bah S. Budnah, Divisional Forest Officer, Nongpoh, Rangbah Shnong of Borbhuin, Bah I. Makri, Secretary of Borbhuin, Bah D. Kharkrang. , Bah K.Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet, Lyngdohs, Office Bearers of the Raid Jowai, Range Forest Officers, Beat Officers and residents of Borbhuin.
He said that in the past few months he has donated three ambulance vehicles in the constituency under his leadership and expressed his gratitude for receiving this scheme to help them. public.
As mentioned above, different ethnic groups and religions have their own views on the beginning of the year or New Year Day.
Providence School won the women's team.
cases in West Khasi Hills, 46 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 14 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 16 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 16 cases in West Garo Hills, 4 cases in South West Garo Hills and 5 people have died from this disease.
At the same time, he said that if you walk through the areas where there are many trees these days you can see tens of thousands of small trees which are only about 7 to 40 inches tall and as soon as the fire burns all of them die. deleted.
“My answer in the House is correct because the price of a single phase smart meter is T.3750 excluding the installation fee, the box fee. meter and GST".
“Regarding the expenses for the players to travel to Thailand is T.5,81,200, while for the two referees Angelus Sun and Pynsuklang Sumer, T.5,81,2 for T.2,61,000.
The Government of India has asked the Government of Meghalaya to implement the project as soon as possible and the Government of India will see how much it can provide financial assistance.
Therefore, when we respect the language of writing and reading as a compulsory subject and not as an elective course, we respect ourselves. Parents, we respect the Jait ka kynja, when we respect our Jait ka kynja, we respect and preserve the Jaidbynriew Khasi.
When asked whether there is any suspicion about his disappearance, Bah Lamin said the village has sought the assistance of the police and BSF to search for the missing man.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Education Department is preparing to close down about 200 Lower and Upper Primary Schools which have a shortage of students.
The incident happened at 11:45 pm near Rongdotchi village, about 25 kilometers from the capital of South Garo Hills.
Tongkhar said that in 2021, the MDA government will work hard to complete all the outstanding tasks.
The NPP candidate from Mawphlang in the last election, Bah Kennedy Khyriem, said that as a candidate, he understands that it is difficult to win.
“How many MLAs will be re-elected in 2023 and it is because of this change in the political situation that the party has decided to appoint other candidates. that they will win the 2023 elections".
And it is said that these foods are not sufficient.
The award winners were Dakynmawlang Warjri who won 1st Class and Distinction in B.E Electrical & Electronics Engineering from Sathyabana Institute of Technology. Science and Technology University, Chennai; Phyrnailang Warjri, the 1st Class Gold Medalist in the M.Sc.
Jyrwa said the Prime Minister has agreed to suspend the implementation of the NPR at a meeting with the political parties on 19th November
Regarding the complaint against the newspaper, Bah C.Syrti, SP of Ri Bhoi, said that the reason why the Ri Bhoi Police have lodged a complaint against the Editor of the newspaper, This is on the grounds that the newspaper is quick to publish false and misleading news without looking for the facts, especially in relation to the increasing number of vehicles from Assam. They were passing through the NH-6, where it was alleged that people from Meghalaya were pouring diesel and mobile fuel along the NH-6, in order to slow down the vehicles from Assam, so that they could get money when they went to help these vehicles which overturned in the road.
After they reached the market, Lanosha started to buy the items sent by her mother.
Nongjri Youth FC scored the first goal in the 35th minute when Nongjri Youth FC scored the first goal in the 35th minute. cross the collar.
I don't know what happened to Bah Mohrmen, until he slammed the UDP and the National People's Party (NPP) for supporting the NPP candidate, Dr. Wanway Roy Kharlukhi, while the party supports the CAA ( Citizenship Amendment Act).
There are also the flowers, the birds, the animals and other creatures of nature, which have their own wonders, which dazzle the eyes of men and which are now spreading all over the world.
The difference between recognition and understanding is when we put that spirit to need first. Recognition of others is that we don't have that feeling for others because if we find it we find it. We meet those who are in trouble and we cannot help them because we don't know them.
MFA Turf-Polo, Naitung 02: The Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament 2023 organized by the District Sports Officer of East Khasi Hills District has come to an end on Saturday. All the finals for men and women were held at the MFA Turf Polo Ground.
The Director General of Police (DGP) Meghalaya, LR Bishnoi, on Tuesday said that the state of peace and order in the state is under control with the cooperation of the people. , and many of the crimes at the district-level are not related to peace and order.
These people, who numbered about 15, ranged from children aged 5 or 6 years old to the elderly.
The villages that have received the Open Defecation Free Certificate include Sohkhar, Upper Bangan, Umsohma, The distribution of these certificates to the following villages was witnessed in the distribution of these certificates. A. Shangpliang, District Coordinator, Umling C&RD, OB Ranee, Asst District Coordinator, Umling C&RD, were also present. Block and other officers, while the meeting was conducted by Bah U Kurbah, SDO, PHE Nongpoh Sub-Division.
West Jaintia Hills, the black topping of SUVs, but without the road roller.
He also defeated Gregoreo Passah 12-21, 12-21 in two sets.
“Whether you amend it or not, the Prevention of Disqualification Amendment Bill, 2015, has no meaning anymore and MLAs cannot contest for MDCs either,” he said. said Dr Donkupar while talking to reporters.
Through these two goals, the team has strengthened the team.
He said that they have already calculated that if within six months from today, if any pigs die, the department will immediately replace them with others.
The body of the schoolgirl was found at about 3 pm by some children who were going to harvest soh who informed the elders and relatives of the schoolgirl after a while.
The Cleanliness of the Wah Myntdu will hold a meeting on the 20th of this month at 1 pm at the Dorbar Hall of Tpep Pale Dorbar Shnong, Jowai.
Pynshngaiñ said he will have to discuss with the lawyers whether there is a way to go to court to fight against the bill.
The Executive Committee of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District on Friday unanimously decided to condemn the Waheh Shnong of Thangskai for issuing this certificate. of the children of Bri U Hynniewtrep.
He said that the talks between the state government and the Asian Development Bank for the implementation of the Mission have been going smoothly so far and it was decided that they will work together to provide information later. Speaking on the MCEDM launched last year, Bah Paul said that this is the first step in the country. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, took note of the goal of the Prime Minister in a meeting with him on the goal of the Mission to improve the development of children. especially on mental as well as physical development.
The court also dismissed the petition of Greneth M Sangma against the state government on the issue of the roster system.
Jesus forbade by saying – “Do not do as they do.
He said that until now he has not seen any sign whether the victims of the Riangdo flood have received any assistance or whether it is far away. “I have spoken to the relevant officers but they have said that they have already submitted all the requirements and reports to the government,” he said.
In Dalia and Khahsyndha, the transformers will be replaced if the residents pay the remaining bill.
Mawkyrwat, June 21: The Ranikor Block Level Inter-School Athletics Meets today concluded with the Ranikor Block Level Inter-School Athletics Meets. 2023 where Jingaiti Secondary School won the boys' category and Indira Gandhi Memorial Secondary School won the girls' category.
It is learned that the bird came out while the youth of Nongsawlia Church were teaching singing at 7.30 pm, when it came out of the church and disappeared.
In addition, she said that a special committee is needed which will include experts from those who have knowledge of the rules of procedure, those who know well about the distribution of income, those who know statistics, law and others to discuss more on this issue.
On the other hand, Ïarapborsing will face Saurabh Kumar in the Bantamweight category in the eight rounds.
The High Court on Friday issued the order after a teacher, Rizwana Khatoon, requested not to dismiss her for failing to pass. he said the examination.
(c) During the breeding season:- Clean the field with a clean byrni or skum especially during the rainy season.
This is something that is unacceptable".
The Polio vaccination will start from today 4th October, 2024 and will continue throughout the District until 6th October, 2024. The home visits will be on 5th and 6th October, .
Shillong: After the end of the protests in other districts, and despite the heavy rain and cold weather, ASHA workers on Thursday, held a march in Shillong.
They don't count on their own strength how much they can carry and how much they should spend.
Will the MDA-2 Government investigate thoroughly until it becomes clear who are those who are deceiving him, how they are deceiving him and where he is deceiving him? Have you punished those involved in the destruction of this coal ? Only the news of the disappearance of the owner of the coal mine is enough to strongly suggest that the illegal transportation or trade of coal continues to this day.
The holder of the fake passport, Boxer, had taken a plane from Kolkata, police said.
Speaking to reporters after the filing of nomination papers on 4th June, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, candidate of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) from North Shillong constituency, said that His entry into the field of politics was not to do business or to enrich himself, but to work for the benefit of the people.
The Divisional Forest Officer, H Lato, said that the department had to take this step to close the road after the experts from the PWD department confirmed that it is no longer safe to walk. is too old for this bridge.
“The NPP has received money until it has thrown money at the people and ministers,” said Desmond, recalling that Cabinet Minister Banteidor Lyngdoh has been offered Rs 5 crore to join the NPP. party NPP.“Where does the NPP get the money to throw such a high price?” they asked questions.
To save the country, to save the thousands, we have to sacrifice thousands.
Lydia also joined in the work.
Sarma said two cases from Dhubri came from Athgaon Kabristan Masjid and one deceased from Hailakandi stayed temporarily at the mosque.
Spain has lost 10,003 cases, France 4,032 and China 3,1
This continued until June this year, as part of the initiative to eradicate these illegal activities.
He said that in a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah on 29th June, she said that there are no lists of foreigners living in the area. The Land Revenue has promised not to write a letter to the Municipal Department to ban the farming of cows because they dump garbage into the rivers.
The Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police of the districts have also been informed of the incident.
Shillong: The State Budget Session will be held from 13th to 26th October.
We remember when the Disciples came to Jesus privately on the Mount of Olives and asked: What means your coming and the end of the world? But Jesus said that there would be scoffers, wars, famines, famines, earthquakes, house-to-house strife, childbirth distress, and all these things must happen but they must not. They are not the end of the world, but they are only signs of the beginning of suffering.
Also present on the occasion were BDO, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, MCS, SDO, PWD (R), Mawkyrwat Division, SI Lasso, Minister. Mawten Village, Bah L. Lyngdoh, members of the Tourism Committee and other elders of Mawten Village.
The Rangbah Shnongs of Nongjri-Umsning area have protested against the waste that the company has dumped into the well. eh to the people who use this water as drinking water.
In the meeting with the DC of EJHD, he promised to write to the Home and Political Department for the expulsion of these two employees of the company from the state. .
Even after his wife learned about the crime, Marak continued to rape and on the 27th of November he raped his 14-year-old sister. in a forest and ran away from home.
Want someone.
Besides, the sound of this song is very pleasant to listen to and everyone started to dance.
The partnership will advance the financial sector and empower young people to take part in the transformation of the financial sector and the technologies of today. , he said.
At present, out of all the candidates who will contest the election, four Congress candidates are the first to file their nomination papers.
The DSO also informed that all the matches of the Subroto Cup will be held only at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium starting on Tuesday (20th).
After the opening of the school today, it has a dewbilat building like other schools in this era. .
“During the holidays, the market drops,” said Paul, who has become a distributor in the state from the company that manufactures Colgate.
Welcome speech was delivered by Bah W Lapang who welcomed the AAP leaders from other states of the North East.
The Assam government has tightened patrols across the state and directed the Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police to take care of peace and order tomorrow.
The clashes between the Khasi Pnars and Karbis living on the border of West Jaintia Hills and West Karbi Anglong Assam have not been only once or twice but since 1951 when the Labang Nangphyllut & Pangam Raliang Block was forcibly annexed. -1) to Mikirs Hills.
The turnout in the state has reached 84.86 per cent, said the Chief Electoral Officer, Bah FR Kharkongngor.
If there is a proper road, tourists from all over the country will come every day and it will be a great benefit.
The HYC leaders said that if they find that these five persons have been dismissed for violating the rules, they should not appoint other ethnic groups, but they should appoint them. by the Khasi Khara people, because if the party finds that other foreigners have been appointed, the party will not hesitate to take other stronger measures.
The loungebar is ready to renew the vibrancy of the city's society with specially blended drinks of a variety of wines.
With these five deaths, the death toll in Meghalaya has risen to 785. The death toll has risen to 785 from East Khasi Hills District: 03 cases and one each from Ri Bhoi and West Jaintia Hills districts.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen M Lyngdoh, said that the death of the baby at Ganesh Das Hospital occurred while she was still in her mother's womb.
Krishiv Choudhary was dismissed for 25 by Darnel Bilkam M Sangma (1/29) but man-of-the-match Rudra Singh Rathore (30 not out) and Tamang (23 not out) carried the side home with 8.1 overs to spare.
A member of the Kuki-Chin National Army (KCNA) has been arrested by the armed forces in Mizoram on the 18th of this month. Assam Rifles from a village in Lawngtlai district, Mizoram.
These trucks were seized at 4 to 6 pm while police were conducting a search operation at Phramer on the orders of the NGT. not only the order of the NGT but also the order of the Supreme Court.
The feast was prepared, Haman's plot against the Jews was found, Haman's enemy of the Jews was found.
These two groups above, are the ones who always use these words – “For the country and the nation” – They often misused these words for personal gain. of them (selfish interests).
The Archpastor also did as he was requested.
WJBA president, Ma Wanbeit Ksoo said that the union invites all the children who are interested in boxing to come and participate in this coaching camp.
Shillong, June 20 : Unidentified robbers have robbed an ATM of the State Bank of India in Lower Rynjah and stolen some of the money inside. According to the inspector of the ATM, who did not want to be named, the incident happened on the morning of 20th June 2023 at about 2 pm. also during lights-out hours.
The District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2022 in collaboration with the West Jaintia Hills District Sports Association (WJDSA) started on Tuesday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Shillong, July 30: The Fisheries Department of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been the largest fisheries department in the country. He said that the KHADC will also be able to earn money if it collects revenue from the groups that compete in the Fishing Competition. trade or kind of Fete.
Shillong: The Indian flag raising ceremony, or HarGhar Tira nga, will be held in the homes of the citizens of the country.
The Superintendent of Police (SP) Bah Sylvester Nongtynger IPS should immediately apologize and Dino DG.Dympep, Chairman, MPHRC, said that the owner of the Mawphor newspaper should pay the compensation for the damage to the vehicle. Guwahati: Assam Police have arrested three persons suspected of smuggling stolen vehicles in Assam and Meghalaya.
Shillong, June 03: Rajasthan FC beat TRAU FC 2-0 in the I-League on Saturday at Naihati Stadium.
Shillong, November 22: The FKJGP Central Body in a statement sent a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to all the people of the state.
They are identified as Sanjib Das (GS Road, Khyndai Lad), Manchin Fincon Pvt Ltd (Jail Road), Kenneth M Lyngdoh (Bivar Road), Sanjay Jhunjhunwala (Bivar Road), Modrick Nongkynrih (Bishop Cotton Road). , BD Marbaniang (Demseniong), Lamboklang Mylliemngap (Motinagar), Dr TA Sohklet (Lummawrie), Allenwood Swer (Fire Brigade), Secretary Islamia Secondary School (GS Road, Khyndai Lad), P Dkhar (Laban) and Nicolas Wallang (Boyce Road).
Shillong: There have been 62 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 183 recoveries.
In Nagaland, there are two new cases of Covid-19 in the state.
It has also opened up opportunities to connect with Government services through the internet such as e-governance, e-health, online education, tourism development, e-commerce and others which will bring many benefits to the country. lives of the people living in this area.
From time to time, he said, there have been discussions to find solutions through the police from both Meghalaya and Assam but it has not reached anywhere and it has worsened. He said that there is only one way to implement the AFSPA in Lum Garo.
It is worth mentioning that not only Kongthong but many villages in the Wahrew area have used the song to call each other and this has been done by our ancestors for a long time.
The areas to be severely affected by the heavy rains are in East Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills, East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills districts. strongly in the next four days.
They also had their own schools established and run by their church.
The three, including the Colonel Commanding Officer of the 19th National Rifles, were injured in a clash with the insurgents in the Gadole area of ​​Kokernag.
No group in the country is more in tune with this objective than Christians.
Nikki, the drummer of the band, said in an interview with the media that all the members of Motley Crue are now working to ensure that the new album will be successful.
He said the decision now is to lift the containment order and the district administration will be responsible for this.
Cyber ​​Crime is a fraud by people who have trained themselves to make fraud through computers and the internet by dressing up people who are stupid and lack the knowledge to use the internet, computer and phone. .
“It is a terrible tragedy,” said the students who were affected by the incident in Manipur who are now relieved to have arrived safely in Meghalaya.
The taxi driver leader said that the police are actually the drivers and not the drivers. “However, we see that the police who should be driving the vehicles have turned into "I'm not a car," said the old man.
Meanwhile, Project K starring Prabhas has been produced at a cost of Rs 500 and will be released by mid-2
Another explosion occurred in the city of Duliajan.
Samla N.Biam said, “Even though the Association is still short in many aspects, especially in terms of funds, we will continue to try to help as much as we can to those poor families. The curfew has been imposed in the State and the country as a sign of support for them.
About 100 Congress members including Minister Zenith Sangma, Alexander L Hek, former CEM of KHADC Manstudy have gathered to protest against the NDA government. Nongrem, Dy CEM Process T Sawkmie, former CEM of JHADC Andrew Shullai and others.
The villages where Assam has implemented projects include Ranibari, Bilpara, Patkang, Halher, Bakhlapara, Lungkhung, Jimbrikang, Hawla and Bernongsai.
He said the government needs to provide support in the field of improvement and renovation of stadiums and other facilities, financial support, and implementation rules so that the youth can showcase their talents. in many different games.
Children ask many questions before their parents.
The ceremony was held at Parish Hall, Nongpoh in the presence of Nongpoh MLA, Bah Mayral Born Syiem as the chief guest and in the presence of Bah B Diengngan DSP. Crime, Vice President of FKJGP, Samla Wanstep Dkhar, member of KSU Sengkmie, former President of RBYF including FM Mawphniang, BB Makdoh, Rocky Kylla, Fr. Peter Syiemlieh, Parish Priest of Nongpoh, Vice President of RBYF, Bah LK Sawkmie along with other RBYF leaders and members from Circles and Units.
Jarrod Bowen scored the first goal for West Ham in the 51st minute and Dominic Solanke scored the equalizer for Bournemouth in the 82nd minute.
I'm from Itanagar.
Nongstoiñ: U Bah Synran Nongshlong, one of the candidates for the MLA election from the PDF Party in Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, today joined the party. Congress party at a rally held at the residence of Bah Kimfa Marbaniang MLA/MDC Rambrai.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27 : A total of 1441 runners took part in the 3rd Half Marathon of the Assam Rifles at the Assam Rifles Headquarters in Laitkor, Shillong. as part of spreading the message of the “Fit India Movement”.
According to the social media, there was also a claim that some villages have driven away these people and they have not been found. They turn more to the children to cleanse the heart and children if they have the opportunity.
The population of the youth will make a major contribution to the economic development of the country.
Perhaps you will be surprised when I say that the Government should treat brokers inside the DTO office illegally and perhaps many of you will be surprised at that.
Why while the KHADC is still issuing trading license, why do the Khasi women of our country dare to protect and look after the poi, even the shopkeepers of the Dkhars, where are they? There are some Khasi women, even from the market they are ready to help and protect themselves, is there anything behind these Khasi girls, who will sell and auction the country and the people, don't until the kur the jait,.
The National People's Party (NPP) President and Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday expressed his confidence that his party will win many seats this time.
Explaining the basis for the election of leaders from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) Leader Bhaling Mawkhiew urged the people to think carefully and not just sit back. Because you don't like the song during the elections.
The athletes of West Jaintia Hills District took part in the race from Ummulong to Mooralong ( Vishal), from Mooralong (Vishal) to Ladthadlaboh Market, from Ladthadlaboh Market to Ladthadlaboh (V Mart), from New Hill (1-Family Mart) to Marian Hill H/S School, from Marian Hill H/S School ending at Stand Ummulong (Iawmusic).
Khimusniang beat Sabahmuswang 1-0 in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Monday.
Therefore, the purpose of this program is to appeal and urge the residents to cooperate by avoiding the habit of living with the use of beer, cigarettes, tobacco which are a threat to the precious life of the people. people.
“This arrest by the members of the union of 7 foreigners who are working and entering the district shows that the district authorities of South West Khasi Hills District have failed to arrest them and also shows that the DC has failed to arrest them. “It's just that the villagers who in fact can't track their movements but they release the foreigners who know that they can't track their movements,” she said. message.
Kong H.M Dkhar.
The places where the RBDSA has already arranged for groups or sports clubs to apply and submit their forms will be on 05.09.2019 at Umden Dorbar Hall from 2 pm, 05.10.2019 at Iingskul. Sumer at 8 pm, 19.10.2019 at C&RD Block Bhoirymbong, 22.10.2019 at Mawhati EAC Building from 11 am, 25.10.2019 at Madan Mawlasnai, from 20 to 19 pm. Sajer Nongpoh Dorbar Hall from 10 am, 28.10.2019 at the RBDSA office in Umsning, 01.11.2019 at Byrnihat Proper Dorbar Hall from 11 am and .
It is the right of every person to earn money in the market.
“We don't trust the Medical Superintendent, Dr David D Tariang anymore and we demand that the management should remove him immediately as the hospital has become increasingly dangerous under his management,” he said. these are the employees of the hospital.
In the fourth match, Evergreen SC beat Umrasong SC 2-0
Regarding this traffic jam, some said that no more traffic should be allowed from one side to the other of the road, so that this will help in the uninterrupted movement of vehicles.
After about 6 months, the buried hole can be dug again and the best compost can be harvested and planted in the garden.
Through this website, he said that he wants the CRC-Shillong to come forward and talk to people with disabilities from different countries.
“The MUA-II government intends to amend this Act, but the party does not agree and there is no room for the government to do so,” the HSPDP said in a letter to the Governor.
The announcement comes after Israel in November signed a $3.5 billion agreement to sell the equipment to Germany.
?" The young man asked, "I am Niakha ... " Rida replied, "Where are you from?"
In this regard, these prominent coal traders in the area have urged the Chief Minister, the Chief of Police and the taxation and transport officers to take action against this smuggling of coal without taxes.
In the men's singles, Arunachal Pradesh's Laa Tukum beat Hemam Malemnganba of Manipur 21-18, 21-9
Shylla also congratulated the Ambrose Memorial Secondary School for its progress in the service of providing education to the students of this school.
Senior Superintendent of Civil Hospital Dr LL Sawian said that Champion is safe and there is no risk of injury.
Shillong: Andhra Pradesh Police today released a 21-year-old girl from the state who was raped by her owner during the curfew. road and air curfew, which occurred across the country.
Because of the road, vehicles cannot pass through the rainy season, besides the Rianggen River which has been flooded these days.
The second heaven is the temporary abode of Lucifer and his angels called heavenly places. God does not want to say anything, he does not say that it is good, because when God cast Lucifer out of Heaven (the third heaven), and Lucifer became the devil.
Similarly, during the COVID-19 pandemic, MHIS has not been able to do anything and has helped households through the MLA scheme to avoid borrowing money.
This came after police received a tip on the presence of drug traffickers coming through a night super bus.
Two other HANM leaders who have not been released yet are Arphul Kharbani President of HANM West Khasi Hills and Alban K Gashnga who has been re-elected as General Secretary of HANM.
On the other hand, the President of the National People's Party (NPP), Bah WR Kharlukhi, has extended his special thanks to all the people of Rajabala and Mawrynkneng who have supported the NPP and also to the people of Mawphlang. He lost the mid-term elections, but received more than 5,000 votes.
In mid-2019, Lawai was selected as one of the 10 Indian football players and is the only Meghalaya player to be selected, who received a three-year scholarship from the Tata Trusts has been trained at the Atletico Madrid Academy in Spain.
Jowai: It is a fact and cannot be denied that the smuggling of cattle from India to Bangladesh through Jaintia Hills is very high and those involved in this illegal smuggling are not private individuals, but is one of the organizations established on the basis of serving the country and the people.
They said that next year will be the MP election in all the states of the North East, so if the Regional Committee cannot complete it by July or November, it is certain that the Regional Committee will hold elections in all the states. could be delayed until 2024.
“It is a great honor for Manipur to get the ILP Act on 11th November 2019,” said Shah.
When asked, Conrad said there were many reasons for the suspension and the resignation of the former contractors.
In ancient times, before the Enclosure Acts, there was a type of land tenure called “open field or commons”.
However, there are two opinions on the cause of his death:- The first is according to John Hughes Morris, historian of the Welsh Calvinistic Methodist Foreign Mission. he contracted miasma fever from the forests he traveled through.
Robinson Singh scored the first goal for TRAU in the 13th minute.
It is for this reason that the previous Congress-led government (MUA) rejected the demand of the people to implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
Unemployed people have time to look around and tell stories only about the work of others but themselves even three hands point to themselves, they don't see anything.
Pamrakmai Shnong welcomes all candidates to campaign in the village, but urges them to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the district authorities and the election authorities.
It is learned that these ksew, just smell the urine of these people and they confirm exactly, those who have the corona virus.
On the other hand, the DMHO has promised to temporarily suspend the supply of this type of drug in Ri Bhoi and to conduct a thorough investigation into the seizure of bilor paid from this type of drug.
These include Garo Textile, Lyrnai Pottery, Meghalaya Chubitchi and Lakadong Shynrai.
However, the surprising thing is that the Meghalaya government has not implemented the project properly, because according to the information he has received from the people, even though the pipes have reached every household, they do not get water at all.
Jambor said the Hima acknowledges that it is true that foreigners have been stationed in the Shahlang area and it has been a long time since they have been in the area.
Otherwise, what good is your rule? It is the duty of the government to turn first to the weakest and those who do not have the power to solve their problems.
Heavy vehicles and a small Alto 800 vehicle were involved in the collision in Lumshnong. Fortunately, no casualties were reported. for those who drive these chariots are no longer inside the chariots.
The party strongly warns the Khasi who commit benami, to refrain and not to allow foreigners to enter the state.
Conrad said that in Meghalaya the definition of forest and the 1927 Act have not been implemented but the definition of forest has been implemented according to the State Act.
Any nation that has its own word for Naought or Zero, is and is a nation that has moved forward, a nation that has its own civilization.
“I don't know who these three candidates are and I don't know whether my name is included or not and if it is there it will be good and if it is not there we will support any candidate,” said Bah Hek. .
Mr. Renikton L Tongkhar will hold the post of Legal Metrology, Public Health Engineering, Secretariat Administration.
“We need to conduct an inspection now, because the government will have to submit a Detailed Project Report to prepare this site and other sites for this purpose,” he said. Conrad Sangma.
Before the meeting, there was a mass march against the government's failure to respond to the demands of the people of East Jaintia but they were banned by the district authorities. they went down to talk to the leaders of the group.
“As you know, the leaders of the MDA have informed us that the post of CEM has been decided to belong to the UDP. The leader or CEM is only the MDCs and leaders of the UDP. Other MDCs or leaders within the synrop have nothing to do with this.
The Government understands that it is no longer necessary to refuse because there has been an agreement since ancient times, and if one land is not given, they cannot relocate”.
“The NPP leader said he was pleased that the former Congress MLAs were able to jump out of the ship to save themselves from the drowning.
This decision was taken at a meeting chaired by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma in the presence of PHE Minister Marcuise N. Marak and Water Resources Minister Comingone Ymbon.
This is the government and the MLA of Jowai.
Nongpoh, Nailar 22: The implementation of the MGNREGS scheme across the states and villages especially in the rural areas by the CM has been a blessing in terms of employment and The government has been unable to release funds in time for the development of the rural villages. This has caused a lot of trouble to the VECs who implement this scheme in the villages. was appropriated by the government.
The incident took place in New Colony Laitumkhrah and was witnessed by the neighbours.
The plaintiff also presented photographs to show that the repair did not last even a few days.
More than 1.90 lakh people have been affected by floods in Assam on Tuesday and one person has died, a source from the Assam state said. they are not looking.
Information to the relatives, friends and acquaintances of Dr. Andreas Dkhar, Additional Director of Health Services (SS), Shillong, who has passed away. died on
Have the recommendations of the Commission, UK&JHADC appointed specially to look into the issues of the Hima Mylliem in 1957 been accepted?
Before the launch, there were already about 800 electric buses operating on the roads in Delhi since July
Israeli troops found the incident in the village of Kfar Aza, a small town on the Gaza border, which was captured by Hamas militants.
I remember when I was in class X (2014), we were studying the subject Social Science in the fourth chapter of the Civic section, the chapter on the citizens of Meghalaya.
However, there are some experts who say that you need to drink a little water throughout the day even if you are not thirsty to lose weight.
In this march, the cross and the Bible were led to proclaim to the four corners of the world the coming of the Gospel and the Salesian Society in Ri Khasi Jaintia.
The father in the place of his soul loses hope.
The day concluded with a discussion on the views and insights of the participants in order to further boost the agricultural trade in the state.
The patient has been complaining of deterioration in her health from gastric disease, and in the past few days she has been undergoing treatment in hospital and has been suffering from frequent illnesses and has also attended a meeting in Woodland. and in Bethany.
Speaking to reporters, many of them said that the PWD has not repaired this road for many years.
“Therefore, I came here not to tell you about the needs, but to arrange the living conditions of others when they have their own income.
The incident happened on the 8th of this month at Madan-Laban village of Khonshnong village.
The bank management has promised to provide the necessary facilities and the ATM machine has been asked for time as the machine will be brought from abroad, while the update passbook machine has already been installed in the bank. bank.
He hoped that the elections would bring about change in Meghalaya in
The KSU has already lodged a complaint with the Manager of SBI Mynso Branch on 22/6/2021 and has been given 1 month to provide for the needs of the people, but the KSU has expressed its regret that even after 2 months there has been nothing. any signs that the bank will provide its services.
The pylleng also helps in the ability to lose weight while maintaining a long-term weight.
Non-technology and science jobs are also important and should be looked at as they can facilitate economic growth in technical jobs.
He said that the border issue has to be resolved but many villages in the Khasi Hills have gone to Assam because of the MoU. droks in the State, Bah Ardent stressed the need to take strict action against drug traffickers and ensure that they stay in jail for a long time by prosecuting them under the MPDA Act. rehab center keeping in mind that the treatment of drug addicts is very expensive and a problem for many parents.
It takes about half an hour to reach the place on foot from Weipyllun.
We will continue the work because it is a very urgent task like the border settlement,” said Conrad.
(Gen.13 chapter).
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, who is also the National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP), Prestone Tynsong, today asked the United Democratic Party (UDP) how to They are afraid of the President Rule, rather than the NPP party, which has destroyed the state.
She expects that the students, researchers and all those who attended the event will benefit.
The Special Summary Revision-2023 has started on 9th November, 2022 with the public announcement of the Draft Electoral Rolls across the state.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sohra Circle after seeing in the newspaper on 26/7/2021 that "Assam Rifles will be taken to secure the entire Sohra" according to the order of Amit Shah Minister of Home Affairs of the Union Government.
Nongstoin, Nailur 23: After three years of construction, the Raidmynsaw UP School, which is also the school of the Hima Raid Mynsaw, Langpih, was inaugurated today by Dr. Donkupar Roy Minister. The former Rangbah, who is also the leader of the opposition.
“What is more shocking is that the Dorbar Shnongs have not accepted this land because it is under the jurisdiction of the Forest Department and foreigners can enter and leave at will without any restriction,” she said. statement from the organization on May 5th.
The rally was attended by students of various schools along with the public and PHE staff who chanted slogans like “Save water save life”, “no water no food, yes water yes food", "don't throw garbage on the hills and rivers lest we suffer", "we don't live without water" and others.
M/s Chibisik Beverages and Makhane, which are wine producers, took part in the festival.
They also expressed their concern about who will pay the salaries of the drivers of these buses.
We have read how our girls kill the mynder who try to destroy their long-rynieng and this love of theirs for themselves greatly improves the nation.
Besides, compared to the beauty of Nongkhnum and the clean hills of Mawphanlur, it is much more beautiful than Mawphanlur.
Police have received information from intelligence agencies that the GNLA is planning to set up a camp in Chokpot area between Sibbari and Rongrikkimgre in South Garo Hills. in this place for about two days.
The incident took place in Feni village, about 160 kilometers from Dhaka.
Some of the longkmie and rangbah from Mowkaiaw area have expressed their happiness that now they have become a little easier to travel although the maintenance has not been done properly, especially in the areas. they are not too slow.
The winners were awarded with prizes, certificates and cash prizes.
The meeting was conducted by Dr.L Mawsor in the presence of Bah Garod LSN Dykes IAS Deputy Commissioner who is the Chairman of the Committee.
The tournament will be held at the Balewadi Stadium from 21st to 26th of this month with the participation of 27 countries.
On this occasion, sanction loans worth 70 lakh tyngka were also distributed to 26 SHGs in the area by the Chief Guest and the dignitaries who attended the programme.
As of Thursday morning, police were still searching for the suspect while investigating the case.
“It is not appropriate for us to invite the Minister without completing the second phase.
The third is Christ the Father.
To achieve this, the Government has opened up the Indian Space Sector to private investment through the 2020 Space Sector Reforms.
The race will start at 6 pm and there will be a spot registration for the participants at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium, Jowai from 5 pm.
Many children, when they do not understand the explanation of the teachers, drop out of school and because their parents are poor, they drop out of school.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: Almost all the students of Manipur, which is still in the midst of bloodshed, have arrived safely in the state, said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Tuesday.
(Only believe).
The Jowai-Shillong-Guwahati Tourist Cab Association, the All Jaintia Commercial Vehicle Association (AJCVA) in collaboration with the Union of Village Authorities of Jaintia Hills, the Union of Village Authorities of Jowai, the JLKTTA The peace rally was held to demand that the law enforcement agencies should impose life imprisonment on these murderers.
Therefore, the union would like to urge and encourage other children and other schools in Mawthadraishan to continue to work hard and bring fame and glory through their hard work and dedication.
If these two MLAs join the NPP, the party has more than 28 MLAs and they will work hard to win the NPP candidate from Sohiong constituency, Bah Samlin Malngiang. Besides, if the NPP manages to reach 30 MLAs, it means that one of the political parties that joined hands will be removed from the seat to vote. Speaking at the election campaign rally in Sohiong, the NPP leaders urged the people that if they elect Bah Samlin, the Minister's seat will be waiting for him. from the Ministers in the MDA government to replace Bah Samlin.
He said that the Speaker's Office and the High Powered Committee (HPC) will discuss the construction of the new Legislative Assembly.
The FKJGP 12 Village Nongjngi Unit has been established on the 14th of this month.
Lajong have two more matches against Mawkhar SC on the 8th. In one match, Nongrim Hills SC beat Marbisu 1-1
Jowai, March 26: The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy 1st Division Football Tournament – ​​2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. , Northeast Jowai.
It is understood from the speeches of the leaders that after the HSPDP has appointed its new leader to take over the post of CEM, there will be another discussion to advise and encourage the new CEM. so that the unrest within the ARPA will not be the same as it has been in the past few days.
When traveling from the same household or to the office in the same vehicle and some of them wear masks, even their neighbors do not violate the rules inside the vehicle because they know who they are meeting.
Gadkari said under the visionary leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi we are working to fill the gap in connectivity in the North East and improve the livelihoods of the people. related to local traffic.
Gandhi went to meet him and wished him strength in the coming days.
I think child marriage and childbearing among women will be less, because when a man takes a woman as his wife, he has to carry her around and if he wants to leave her he shall bear the children of his seed.
It is also understood that the letter was signed by the school authorities and dozens (don't know how many?) of the parents of the students of the school.
China Sangma scored all three goals in the 45th, 53rd and 55th minutes.
At the same time, the DKNRH has requested to meet the President of India on this issue and suggested that the Prime Minister, all the MLAs and MDCs, as well as the Syiems, Lyngdohs and Nokmas should witness this arrangement.
Shillong: It is a pleasure for the media to hear that they too are the foremost servants to serve the people especially at this time when the state and the country as a whole is being affected by the pandemic. the Covid-19 pandemic.
Shillong: The Mawrusyiar Youth and Cultural Club (MYC) has taken part in the Fit India Freedom Run.
If there is a bird to lead the 36th group, then other leaders who pretend to be able to lead will fight hard to defeat their fellow leaders until they fall, and themselves. you can't lead.
The festival is to celebrate the annual migration of the Amur Falcon to the area.
They are involved in demanding T.20,000 from a victim in North Garo Hills,” he said.
The DGP said that all the families will receive a compensation of T.7.5 lakh from the government.
Hek said the high risk contacts of the Chief Minister who tested positive are MP Dr WR Kharlukhi and another police security guard of the Chief Minister.
Speaking to reporters, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Pretone Tynsong, said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, will lead the Cabinet tomorrow to meet with the Minister of Home Affairs. Amit Shah to explain to him what happened which resulted in the loss of four lives in the shooting death by the Assam police.
Doctor Retd and the need to maintain the fertility of the soil.
This is the incident that happened last night.
Mr. Paul.
Mawsiang FC Nongkhroh and Pasyih CSC have reached the quarter finals of the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the WJDSA.
You listen to the propaganda and you're like that...You don't have to be like that comedy president... Period.
Bah Staising Kharbteng, one of the Sub Inspector of Schools, in his speech on the dangers and impact of drugs on the health and development of the youth, said that the youth They are an example to the state and the country, therefore they should avoid this alcoholic beverage, by urging all the residents to take action to eradicate these alcoholic beverages and explain the reasons for the spread. many churches in drunkenness.
Dr Donkupar said that the central government has suspended the plan to mine uranium in the state and the discussion on this issue is meaningless.
The parents and relatives of the child have lodged a complaint with the police after the Khanapara Police Station yesterday refused to accept the complaint. It was sent by the family members of the child and this has angered the family members of the child.
The ceremony was attended by Bah PN Syiem, CEM of KHADC as the Chief Guest, Samla Auguster Jyrwa, Samla Auguster Jyrwa, General Secretary of KSU, Sengkmie as the Symbud Chief Guest and Samla Donald. .
Furthermore, how can we emphasize and ensure that evil produces good?
This is reflected in the statement provided by UCO Bank.
It is also through the initiative of the KSU that even the Government in the later years has started to follow the same step as the KSU.
Shillong: The Enforcement Wing of KHADC has raided the licenses of foreigners who occupy the market and issued forms to the residents of the state to verify the location of their shops. ; Groups of vendors in the market area today came to protest against the issuance of forms by the KHADC. The KHADC has not informed everyone.
Raising the issue, Bah Pala demanded that the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution should be amended to amend the rules on the powers of District and Regional Councils.
Do you run away or do you struggle to benefit from the employment policy?
Therefore, the Seng demands that the present Government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya should upgrade the Sohra Sub-Division Division to a full District including Sohra and Shella Constituencies. so that it will be of assistance to the residents of this area and also to bring closer the relationship between the Government departments and the people.
However, this does not mean that they are special and superior to other nations or that they are chosen by God or that they alone have the right to live.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner of West Karbi Anglong promised to discuss and inform the KAAC regarding the opposition of the organizations and the Dorbar Shnong Khanduli to the installation of a gate in Khanduli. open the gate immediately.
Shortly after, the High Court authorities said that the employees came out to show their sympathy for the punishment of an employee known as ban. B.Nongbri in the authorities.
The youth of the Kur are requested to submit their mark sheets and required documents by 20-6-2023 and the award ceremony will be held on 1-7-2023 at Umbir Ribhoi District.
The water is then cooked in large iron pans on a fire specially designed for this purpose.
From the 3-Raliang Constituency, Coming-one Ymbon (NPP), Lakhon Biam (BJP), Robinus Syngkon (AITC), J. Treilang Suchiang (UDP), Chemhok Garod (PDF) and Richard Singh Priest (INC).
The DC of East Khasi Hills, Bah PS Dkhar, said that these figures may increase slightly as he has not yet received the full figures.
The death toll from the latest attack includes 35 people in Gaza and five in Israel.
He also met with BJP candidate for Shillong Lok Sabha.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: Other Prime Ministers of the country, when they visit Shillong, they come only during the election campaign and don't have time to meet the people or visit, but to the incumbent Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Modi, it's different.
thousands of questions that we have to ask and find out.
On the other hand, the DC said that a media cell has been set up for this day.
The rally was held as part of the protest against the shooting death of four Khasi in Mukroh village on the 22nd of this month by the Assam police.
"Our neighbors are covered in debris and still rescue workers are searching for survivors," said one elder.
Jarai said they have tried to seek assistance from the district authorities but nothing has been done.
Shillong, July 03: U Officer In-charge of Mawryngkneng Police Station, Ekwin Pala, has been granted bail by the Court on charges of stealing goods worth T.20 lakh from a truck on Shillong road. bye pass on the 7th of November last year.
Each person will receive 3 kilos of rice per month at the price of T.3 per kilo, T.2 per kilo of wheat and T.1 per kilo of atta.
“It is a great joy for the farmers of our beloved State.
Then the place is colder so you need warmer clothes"
Jowai, Nailur 07: The (L) Keslieoy Pala Invitation Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Friday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, South Jowai.
This festival is a memorial and offering of the Khasi Khara once a year to God the Creator from above and below to maintain the rights and customs.
The following is a press release sent by the Health Department – ​​Armed Forces/Para-military Forces – 08High Risk- 49Returnee- 01Barapathar Cluster – 01Anjalee Cluster – 01Bivar Road Cluster –02IGPcluster PhutCluban3 Cluster-07 11Mawpat Cluster – 01Mawprem Cluster- 06Oakland road Cluster- 03Police bazar Cluster- 01Pynthor cluster- 01Rilbong cluster- 03Umlyngka Cluster -02High Risk – 06Returnee-05 Riighe 0H turer 01 sk)(High Risk)Armed forces/Para-military forces - 01High Risk- 02Returnee- 02Health worker- 01High Risk- 01(Returnee)Armed forces/Para-military Forces- 41Health worker- 04High Risk- 105ILI- 05Laban clune RINongster-0 0 1 2 lice Personnel- 01Armed forces/ Para- military forces- 02Babupara Cluster-02High Risk- 02Returnee- 02Health worker- 01Returnee- 01Shallang Cluster- 04Armed forcs/ Para-military forces- 01High Risk- 01Khanapara2)Police 1(Returne person- 0).
It cannot be denied that the existence of the district has been a tool for the nation and in the past, it has done many things and the Khadar administration has been more orderly in the villages, although there are some problems. hura.
Sadly, within this Kur, there is a Mokutduma that has disputed the ownership of this Kur land.
The organization from Ri War Mihngi Pynursla said that although there are children from the area who have participated with a strong spirit and desire to bring the name of victory, sad and surprised to see the pictures. not spread on social media and in the newspapers.
Shillong: There have been 589 new cases, 501 recoveries and 11 deaths today.
I went to the Court without a friend.
That is why we have to look carefully at all these aspects so that we can take a decision to move forward,” he said.
He said the Government has also planned to set up a hotel and others after the completion of the Multipurpose Building, which is targeted to be completed within two and a half years.
The search for the Green Banana will take three years and will search for the contents of the cave and the lifestyle.
When the neighboring shopkeepers asked about the class, Rida said that she had got it at Synod College.
Not only that, but there are hundreds and thousands of ethnic groups, in which the people of Assam have been involved, until the employment, trade, sale and purchase and so on. , is in a higher power, to regulate or coerce the people of this State.
In this regard, he said he is ready to invite the JAC for talks.
“I went to a meeting in Iewduh because of the kilo cut of the farmers. When I spoke there, there was a rumor that if these Bills are not passed, there could be bloodshed,” said Bah Shylla.
In the second half which started at 2:30 pm, Lumshyiap SC beat Pohkseh SC by 1 goal. Hilford Lyngkhoi scored the first goal in the 56th minute.
We now have hundreds of students in many universities in Bengal, Madras, Bombay, Delhi, Punjab, Bihar and other states of India.
Therefore, the Seng will soon leave to convey these problems to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and also to remind him of the words he said to the people during the election campaign.
Batskhem also denied reports that he has received support from other parties, as until now only the Congress party has supported him.
“Teachers still receive their salaries once every four or five months,” said Bah Nongsiang.
“If 75% have followed the money, the 25% can do nothing else and I just told the 25% to work hard and change what they mean,” he said. Point.
Synshar is the manga, we count others.
Their protest is to demand the payment of their salaries for five months.
“I am surprised, I too have my own business and I understand how they can spend Rs 240 crore on a 1 acre plot of land,” he said.
On this occasion, there was also a dance, singing by the students and alumni and prizes and certificates were distributed to the winners of various competitions.
“350 farmers who could not pay their debts and to prevent them from committing suicide were paid a few days ago,” Amitabh wrote on his blog.
Other speakers were Bah PL Langrin and Bah C Nongbri, Working President of UDP Ranikor Circle.
Regarding the dispute, the Chairman of HBDRF said that the Deputy Commissioner has sent the BDO Border Magistrate and a police team to the area and the DC has sent a meeting. The Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police of West Karbi Anglong on the 19th of this month in Jowai to discuss this issue.
She said that members of the SCPRC and the Meghalaya State Commission for Women will also meet with the mother and relatives of these two Heprits in Nongrah regarding the incident to help in the investigation. such a tragic event.
KHLIEHRIAT: Even after five years of ban on coal mining, the acid water in the Lunar River is still terrible and unsuitable for any living being to use the water, while the Lukha River in the upper parts of the Lunar River it is clean and fresh and you can find live fish.
The residents of Langshonthiang and Jaïaw and surrounding villages, have expressed their gratitude after the MLA of the area, Bah Gigur Myrthong, has taken the initiative to bring about development works in the area especially the The road is a source of income, walking and transportation.
Condemning the Governor's remarks, Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said the remarks of the Governor of Meghalaya are unacceptable.
After the death of these elders, the new generation remained and from 2003 to 2006-7 due to the robbery of the Karbi forests, they could no longer leave the village, the land, the land. bury them skum and bury them and leave this town.
During his visit to the area, the Governor said that the Central Government is in the process of implementing many development projects in the next few years. .
In view of all these, the Catholic Church of Meghalaya strongly requests the relevant department and the Government of India to reconsider the implementation of the UCC in the country.
Even the government cannot do the dirty work. Is it easy to send others? This shows that the government itself has been inspecting only the places of worship according to these rules.
Anyone who has found this pla is kindly requested to call the following numbers 7640948754.
Sutnga grassroots thunderwolves bad for 6.
According to police, these two men had threatened to kill the SP of SGH several times by sending him an SMS and demanded T.50 lakh from him. if he doesn’t pay they will kill him, they have used exactly one phone number to demand money and threaten to kill people.
They include Johnny Nongrum, Babit Kharsahnoh and 40 others who will prepare to compete in the competition.
The case was registered by the CBI on November 20, 2021 against the accused in connection with the proof of earning ill-gotten wealth.
On the other hand, Anil Chetri from Meghalaya said that this dance has become very popular in Shillong, and said that as soon as he received the information he asked permission from his parents to take part in this dance. rynsan iakop with the participation of his brother.
Later, the party honored her with the Lifetime Achievement Award, 2014, at a function held in Ahmedabad, Gujarat.
Punjab FC Technical Director Nikolaos Topoliatis said, “We are delighted to welcome these talented players to the club.
The statue of Mary, which was carried in the procession today at Mawlai Parish, was recovered from the fire of the old church in Laitumkhrah on Holy Thursday, June 10, First of all, Father Salvatorian was still in Khasiland.
“It is not fair to send LP teachers to sit for the HSSLC examination again to meet the requirements of the NCTE. Teachers who joined after November 2001 who have not reached 45 percent should sit for the HSSLC examination in 2015 to meet the requirements of the NCTE. Instead of sending all the teachers to take the examination, the government should send only those who joined the examination in 2013 after receiving the order from the NCTE. The government has banned teachers from taking the examination, but it stands firmly against this action of the government.
Babu Gasperly B.Marwein took part in the leading of the first Khasi patriotic song on All India Radio on the night of 14th August 1947 at midnight.
East Khasi Hills has the highest number of cases with 299 active cases, West Garo Hills 98, Ri Bhoi 82, West Jaintia Hills 70, South West Garo Hills 16 and South West Khasi Hills. 11, Eastern West Khasi Hills 21, North Garo Hills 24, South Garo Hills 7, East Jaintia Hills 16, West Khasi Hills 19 and East Garo Hills 16.25 new cases of COVID-19, 1 death today First.
They have lodged an Ejahar at Pillangkata Police Outpost on charges of involvement in the kidnapping and murder of a 14-year-old child. kidnapping and murder.
St. Anthony's scored 57 runs for the loss of eight wickets in 10 overs.
The BJP is in government and has a prime minister, many MPs, dozens of ministers of the Indian government, but it has not been able to defeat Kejriwal's team. It is also clear that the issues of the regions should remain in the hands of the States, while the issues of the country should be in the hands of the Government of India and neither shall ye be ashamed, as it is in these days.
On the other hand, the president of KSU Kynsimphlang unit expressed many of the problems faced by the village at such times and also the shortcomings faced by the village in many areas.
The Governor of Meghalaya, therefore, has issued an order today, that those who come to perform their duties, in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution, VVIPs, employees of the Government of India, employees of the State Government, people Members of the National Investigation Agency, Intelligence Bureau and employees of the Income Tax Department, who come on business They have been released from the requirement to undergo testing for covid upon entering the state.
This landscape has made it difficult for foreigners to visit the area, and has led to a sharp decline in tourism in the area.
Now that her health has improved, she regularly visits the sub center to inform through teleconsultation to consult doctors.
Not only this Government, in the past decade Governments led by National Parties, such as the Indian National Congress (INC), have claimed that the border disputes with Assam cannot be resolved. only if the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam and the Government of India belong to the same political party.
Shillong, March 15: The Jaintia Youth Organization (JYO) has informed all trucks carrying coal from Jaintia Hills to Bangladesh not to cross the border and to take this as a warning. JYO Central Bidy President Banker Lymba said that if they do not listen to this warning, the JYO will take action according to the laws.
Therefore, the union has demanded from the contentment department to immediately remove these people from the area.
“We need to look at the orders of the Court and other issues.
Dr.M Marbaniang said that the doctors of NEIGRIHMS are sending a sample to Kolkata for further investigation and this will take about 2 days. day.
This is because the data collected by the Northeast Space Application through satellite data on environmental issues, such as floods, natural disasters and information collection. those who belong to nature.
While he was sitting there, Rida's mother couldn't help but ask him, “Where are you going, Father?
When asked by Rupang whether it is possible to treat the disease caused by the tit kynsha, Dr. Wahlang said that it is better if the bih has disappeared. He said that if the bih enters the body slowly, it can still be treated like the case of the two persons from Mawsawa who were released yesterday. They have eaten and suffered, he said.
These sons, because they lived far from Judah in the land of Moab, married Moabite women, Orpah and Ruth.
Special Superintendent of Police (SB-I) M Kharkrang has been appointed as Assistant Inspector General of Police (R), while GD Kharwalang, Special Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills, has been promoted as Superintendent of Police. (SB -I).
However, even today, in its 50th anniversary, Meghalaya is still one of the four states with the highest income.
Urvashi in the past has admitted to having a relationship with Rishab Pant but the cricketer has denied the allegation.
Trinamool Congress (TMC) leader Anubrata Mondal, who was earlier arrested by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) on charges of involvement in smuggling of cattle, has been sent to Tihar. Jail for 13 days.
“The FTD is the head of the community and there will be two bodies—one Executive Dorbar and one Dorbar Pyllun,” said CEM of KHADC Bah Pynshngain N Syiem. There were 36 chiefs of staff.
Thus he reminded and said, “Let us therefore be more righteous and more God-fearing”.
Also present on the occasion was Rakesh Sinha MP Rajya Sabha who was also the chief guest and who visited Kongthong Village.
If we try to compare with the protests in the past years, there is nothing like this, where all the people believe in the command of this Leader to be peaceful.
“It will affect the tradition of clean and transparent khadar governance through the Dorbar Shnongs which has existed since ancient times and in fact the Dorbar Shnongs should be recognized and empowered,” he said.
