Meanwhile, Mawphlang MLA Bah Syntar Klar Sunn said that there are villages in his constituency which cultivate synsar and sohmrit to increase their income among others.
These chicken farmers, who expressed their concern over the power outage, are also farmers from Sohnidan area in Ri Bhoi district. load shedding and frequent power outages have affected them as those chicken farmers who need to feed their chickens with electricity and if there is no electricity, the electricity supply is too much. the young of the sheep die, which is a loss to them as sheep farmers.
All India Radio Shillong was launched on 1st November 1948 by the former Governor of Assam, Akbar Hydari in the presence of the former Chief Minister of Assam, Gopinath Bordoloi.
However, this Act cannot be implemented after 15 years if Parliament passes it.
“Anyone who fights against the party will not be held responsible if anything happens later,” said Bah Khardew.
However, the Chairman of KHADC, Kong Teilinia Thangkhiew, in response, said that the complaint of the CSWO is not appropriate because the rules of the ADC apply only to those government employees.
On October 30, 2016, T.35 lakh was paid to the KHCF through NEFT. Welljune told the committee that T.1,22,000 was paid to the KHCF. The KHCF has paid T.25,000 on 28th November, 2013 to Bah Antonio War, EM in charge of Finance. also the Chairman of the KHCF (the report shows that Bah Antonio has received the money).
Similarly, he said that women in the church also play a major role in the work of the church and in spreading the Gospel.
Because of this drill where rescue teams, ambulances and other participants will be witnessed, the public is urged not to panic but to cooperate in this regard. this government initiative.
When the results were stolen, the newspaper said that it is wrong if candidates who have not passed the written examination, but appear again in the results.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad expressed his confidence that the NPP government will have 32-34 MLAs. However, he declined to say which MLAs and parties will support the NPP. When asked about the HSPDP and PDF, Conrad said, “We will get more than 32 seats... We will wait and see”.
It has access to drivers, vendors and many other trade activities. Without politics, there is no development in the country and the nation.
The Department of Fisheries has admitted that most of these fish have been imported from states like Bihar, Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal to meet the demand of the state.
Through this scheme, all women in each household in the state will receive 1000 tyngka per month and 12000 tyngka per annum which will be sent through their bank account.
“There are those who don't want to come to the state and there are those who don't want to go to Assam,” said Bah Tynsong.
Through its Twitter handle @LegalLro, the group wrote: “KSU Goons attacked Mahadev Khola Mandir, Shillong, Meghalaya.
There was also a discussion on how to improve the use of electricity or any energy sources such as coal, petrol, diesel and others which pollute the environment and cause global warming. .
The Chief Minister said the government has allocated 25 ambulances under the CMRF scheme for which the government has raised Rs 5.50 crore to fight the corona virus in the state.
The Government is taking steps to ensure the freedom of trade and research.
“On the part of the union, we have received a reply that these piats were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh,” said the statement.
Shillong, November : Mawlai MLA Bah PT Sawkmie today expressed his gratitude and welcome to the order of the Meghalaya High Court regarding the suspension of the border demarcation between Meghalaya and Meghalaya. Assam.
The laws shall be implemented fairly without discrimination and in accordance with the Constitution of the country.
The injured were taken to Dr. H Gordon Roberts Hospital, Shillong.
The Sakal Times reported that he was a jhur seller and when he left the jhur shop, he walked around the house, because he was drunk and in the drunkenness, he fell into a well. you are not injured.
The Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, announced on Twitter that the value of the drugs seized is about T.3 crore.
Therefore, this Headquarters 101 Area is also known as the 'First in Dhaka'
Regarding the men, Larry admitted that the MBA has been able to compete in all the nine categories while compared to the girls, the federation has less in the higher weight categories. They weigh 60kg, 63kg and 66kg.
Choice is the best choice.
On 23rd June, after receiving the order from the court, the district authorities raided the 12 houses belonging to Narayan Prasad Jhunjhunwala in Khyndai Lad and Nilesh Tibrewalla in Thana Road. , Satyabrato Baidya at Jail Road, Ajit Das Gupta at Jail Road, Bidur Das at Jail Road, Uday N.Shukla at Oakland Road, Rajkumari Sinha at Bivar Road, Mentok Ri-Project Pvt.
If there are such rulers who do not know the Thymmei longbriew of God, the power of rule will decline in our nation.
On this occasion, Bah Kharkongor said that there is no negligence on the part of the office and has suspended all the casual labourers, as the government has not been able to release the salary until these months. .
On the other hand, regarding the order issued by the Meghalaya High Court on the Roster System, Dundee Cliff Khongsit said that the party has not rested and has gone to meet with the roster system. Chairman of the Meghalaya Public Service Commission.
Posters painted by other political parties by employees of another party should not be removed.
Not business and politics, I don't know, but it's also very dangerous! The merchants are not satisfied with what they have and the politicians want what they do not have.
He said the Congress is contesting in all 60 seats in the state without any alliance and according to history, the Congress if necessary to cooperate is with those parties that have the same objective.
The NPP MLA, who has just won the election, admitted that all the MDA MLAs are happy to cooperate and especially the working methods of the Prime Minister Conrad Sangma.
Tuesday was the day of the funeral of PA Sangma.
US President Donald Trump has refused to attend India's Republic Day celebrations, India Today reported.
Also, to raise funds for the projects set up by the Synod for the children with disabilities, namely, the Community Based Rehabilitation Centre, Mairang and Rev.Amirkha School. for Disabled, Mawlai.
The Forest Department, as everyone knows, East Jaintia Hills District has many beautiful forests and especially the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary which is well known. Therefore, there should be a Forest Department to operate fully from the district, as well as a PWD Department to look after the the PHE department to look after the drinking water, the Handloom department to promote those people who have the skills to weave and make clothes, especially it was found that The people of East Jaintia Hills District in different villages and areas are very skilled in weaving clothes, so this Handloom Department is necessary to develop the skills to improve their income. book of the citizens.
The people have the right to health and this is one of the goals of the central government, but if the state government cannot provide or take care of this need the people will not be able to achieve it. healthy environment.
Our struggle now is how to stop this disease from spreading to other parts of our villages.
However, when I tried to ask, no one answered.
On this occasion, a special tribute was also paid to the family members of (L) Kambel Shullai and a souvenir of Seinraij Ummulong was launched by Thombor Shiwat, CEM-JHADC. : Strip D Later.
for mine eyes are upon all their ways: they are not hid from mine eyes, neither is their iniquity hid from mine eyes, Jeremiah 16:15-1
According to sources, during his visit to Manipur, Amit Shah will also hold a special meeting with all the departments of Manipur.
NOTE – 1023.
Elnathan Wahlang scored a hat-trick for Mawtawar to score three points.
Behold, I create new heavens and a new earth: and the former things shall not be remembered, nor come into mind.
Drinking them increases the risk of high blood pressure.
A young woman has fallen into the plane because her boyfriend spent the night looking at another woman who lives nearby.
The Chief Minister said that 6727 people have been quarantined at home and 312 people are in quarantine facilities set up by the Meghalaya government.
The program will start at 11 pm and the chief guest will be Bah AL Hek, Minister of State and Bah Hamlet Dohling, Minister of Urban Affairs.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the State Treasury will start on the 20th of this month and will be the full budget for the year 2023-2
Let us briefly turn to how this plant, which scientists in the subject of biology have given the name "Jamyrdoh" or in botanical terms "Houttynia cordata" can provide protection or as a stieh that can This is the first time I've been infected with covid
He said that the party needs the support of the central government to bring about development in Meghalaya.
The number of people affected by Cyclone Freddy has also risen to 383,000 – 226,000 in Madagascar and more than 163,000 in Mozambique, according to the UN. hundreds of thousands of people need help.
Not only the snow, but some parts of the road have been covered with flood water, some parts have been filled with floods. also the increasing traffic jam.
This was confirmed by the Principal Secretary to the Ministry of Education at a meeting of teachers on Tuesday.
There are also Post Telephones which have been standing for many years from Sohra to Mawsmai to Shellalyngbaka area of ​​Umwai, Wahlong.
Police said this shows the increase in the number of injecting drug users (IDUs).
Shillong: A meeting was held today between the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District in the presence of the DC, SP, BDO of Laskeiñ together with various Sengbhalang groups. KSU Nartiang Circle also took part in the event.
After listening to the speeches of the residents, Bah Titos urged the TTAADC not to allow anyone to mushlia the land which the Khasi residents of the State have received from the u Syiem of Tripura Hima in the years before the independence of India and urged the educated youth of this village to come forward to work with the TTAADC for the benefit and KHADC will be with them. as a sponsor.
Thus, it creates a lot of pressure on the users to pay their bills.
“The party urges all the 60 MLAs to discuss this issue and find ways to curb the smuggling of drugs,” the party said. drugs in the state and also to enact strict and powerful laws to punish drug traffickers as part of the curb the drug trafficking and consumption in the state.
When asked, he said that the Land Transfer Act in the State is in force, but the party will wait because it is not clear whether the Government will allocate the land or build houses. that they may remain.
Prestone Tynsong said this after AITC Leader Zenith Sangma said that the MDA government has taken pride in many schemes and projects that have been launched during the period. of the government of Dr Mukul Sangma.
“Of course it’s a valid question.
(BC Roy was also a scientist who built electricity from Kshaid Sona Pani (when it was burning the lantern,) and his name still remains in the office opposite the secretariat of the BC Roy Building where we used to pay the bill light. now.
The seized cows were later handed over to the police for further investigation.
Speaking to media after the meeting with Samla RC Thangkhiew, President HYC Ri Bhoi Sepngi, he said that the Umsong Sub-Center is a long-standing health center compared to others. The sub-center provides treatment to more than 15 villages and makes it difficult for the residents of these villages to go to the PHCs as it is 17 kilometers away from the sub-center.
We have seen many patients from the area who have come to us and one of the things we have found is the screening program because it is one of the needs of the area. to receive timely treatment and thus cancer can be removed if it is detected early.
Christian and non-Christian countries are covered with the stain of sin because they have ignored the Word of the Lord.
BJP MP Rajeev Chandrasekhar is currently in quarantine after an employee of the Secretariat Committee tested positive for the coronavirus.
“In short, the 2023 rule issued by the State appears to be merely a formality without addressing a very important issue.
The surplus teachers should be used in other schools where there are still too few teachers.
On the part of the President of the Governing Body, Synod College, Pastor SS Majaw, in his speech on the occasion, he expressed his gratitude to God, who has led the Synod to open this college.
Lakadong said that this man used to commit these crimes, but it is not known where he got these stones.
Shillong, June 25: The decision of the Congress party to contest the mid-term MP elections from Tura constituency against the wife of Dr. Mukul Sangma (Chief Minister) Dikanchi D Shira has raised many issues. A few months ago, the government had introduced the Ar Maloi Act to protect the MLAs of the state from being nominated, but now the Congress has announced its MP candidate. As soon as the government passed the bill, the Congress MLA who is also the Minister in charge of the District Council has resigned from the post of MDC. HDR Lyngdoh, followed by the HSPDP which was started by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, President of the party who resigned from his post as MDC.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The National Highway Infrastructure Development Corporation (NHIDCL) has said that it is not the intention of mining uranium.
These four goals gave Caroline Colony enough to win and qualify for the semifinals of the tournament.
The answer to that is our decision to show whether we have understanding in this regard so that we can avoid the occasional challenges.
Even if it is for our own good.
The KSU Sonapyrdi Unit has witnessed this network failure and has heard the complaints of the people.
We asked Bah Shampliang, “What is your ideology?” “How can you peacefully embrace different ideologies in a short period of time?” “Or do you have no ideology?” Less than two years ago, as a Congressman you opposed the BJP and the NPP because they worked with the first enemy of the Congress.
Sengbhalang including those in Ri Lum Khasi and Jaintia Hills today urged all government employees in various offices to join hands in this movement, as a sign of supporting the government on the problems faced by the citizens of the State.
In recent times, social media news has appeared on YouTube, Facebook, Instagram and just to publish news, they don't know the rules to follow and not to publish or show to the public. They also criticized as much as they wanted to criticize or as much as came to their minds.
The death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to
The Mawlai Pyllun Samla (SSMP) on Tuesday visited the State Government to learn about the steps taken by the Urban Development Department and the Shillong Municipal Board to relocate the theh site. waste in Marten and the infrastructure that the Government has promised to build in Marten to turn waste into wealth.
Jowai, Naiwieng 24: The Lukha River, one of the most famous rivers in Jaintia district, has received bad news due to the turning of the water which has killed thousands of fish.
The first Legislative Assembly of the State was filled with knowledgeable, intelligent, intelligent and intelligent leaders.
In human nature I don't know, to leave so soon, besides we are still less, then the loss comes suddenly again".
Regarding the resettlement of residents stranded in West Bengal, Maharashtra, Telengana, Kerala, Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, Rajashthan, Andhra Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Punjab, Bihar, Harayana, Goa, Pondichery , Madhya Pradesh and Jharkhand; The state government has not yet received any reply from the railway department on this issue.
The race will start from the ground floor of the office of the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District and end at the same venue on the 25th July, 2023 from 6 pm.
Many people have phoned the reporter to ask about the news and after receiving the phone calls of many people, they have sought information about this and found that the news has spread widely in Iewduh and many other places. ha that capsule.
I would like to thank those who have donated because of them, we have been able to improve this government school where our children can come to study for a brighter future”.
Agnes was granted bail by the Deputy Commissioner Judicial on Thursday and has to pay T.20,000 to the Government.
The area is known as Pakala Pahar and earthquakes occur from time to time, Nagaland Chief Minister Neiphiu Rio said on Twitter.
The Super Division match will be between Niaw Wasa United and Mukhla Raij SC at 2.00 pm.
He also expressed the hope that the college will provide adequate services to the students of the area.
In this regard, the KSU Rimuliang unit under the leadership of Samla Pynshailang Pangniang strongly condemns the kidnappers of Bah Drius Marngar and the KSU strongly demands that these robbers should be punished. immediately release the man without any injury.
Also present on the occasion was Donbok Syndai, Waheh Chnong of Syndai Kmai Chnong. The lunch was provided by the Kynjoh Shphrang SHG of Syndai Mission.
These vehicles were carrying maw and heading to Dawki; but at the time of the incident, they were reportedly standing on the side of the road.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 18: The District Election Officer (DEO) Garod LSN Dykes on Tuesday urged the public to report any money laundering in the Lok Sabha elections. on the 19th of June.
He thanked the Area Manager of Apollo Tires and dealers in Jowai for their willingness to support the village and hoped that the company will continue to provide its assistance to support the sports activities of Ladthadlaboh.
On the other hand, Obil Kyndait, former CEM and former MLA, while speaking at a public meeting, strongly criticized the Executive Committee of JHADC. They are looking for money to pay not only the salaries of the employees but they are the MDCs who are waiting for something to fall from heaven like a manna.
Chief Guest Ma Lahkmen in his speech as the Chief Guest expressed his delight as the MLA of the area and also as the Education Minister for the awarding ceremony of Dimarkithmu Gayang. Laviana Myrchiang and Kyrmen Hamiat Rymbui who have brought honor to the area and as the chief guest he gave a speech to the children. pass in this examination should be those who have a humble spirit, hard work in their studies, respect for each other and also those who will not be involved in evil deeds especially when they reach the city.
Even recently, in the war against the mynder from across the sea, the ability of Phan Nonglait to protect her family, her kingdom and her kingdom has been demonstrated.
Speaking on the sudden appearance of the Opposition political parties in the last Budget Session, Prestone said, “I am not the one who said it but they have seen the work they have done inside the House.
West Jaintia Hills has won the title of overall champion after winning 23 medals including 14 gold, 6 silver and 3 bronze medals. three bronze medals.
“Where did the Assam police have the authority to enter the Meghalaya border and shoot dead five civilians?” he asked.
The three victims were identified as Asman Bareh, son of Ren Surong and Pril Bareh. Another victim was identified as Goldy Surong. , son of Kesting Surong and Rit Pohshwet and another suspect is Starty Surong, son of Bonnieta Surong.
In 1853, the French divided the Hima Shyllong into two parts, the Hima Mylliem and the Hima Khyrim. Khaddar.
He said that the 15th Finance Commission also has a share through a tied grant which has been allocated exactly for sanitation and water supply.
Let these committees consider (the demand) and they will inform us,” he added.
He added that through the understanding between the different ethnic groups, it will also bring about development especially here in these border areas.
Teiborlang Pathaw, who won the MDC election from Mawlai Constituency as an independent candidate and went to support himself with the UDP party, after winning the election, has now decided to join the NPP party to contest the election. 2023.
In addition, the singer has also benefited from the production of Armand de Brignac champagne and D'Usse cognac.
Shillong: At 3 pm this morning, the residents of Mawlumrum Diengiei, were shocked after they found a weapon, which was suspected to have fallen from the sky.
We are still fortunate that most of us are people who understand themselves and others as well and therefore, we are safer from incidents that can lead to death or injury on the road.
Nongpoh, November 28: A group of farmers who have been affected by the construction of the Umtru Hydel Project in Dehal area of ​​Byrnihat, today protested by carrying flags and closed down the Control Room of the Umtru Hydel Project. The Hydel Project, in order to demand justice and at the same time as a sign of strong opposition to the plan of MePDCL to open the power plant.
Regarding the proposal to have an Upper Primary School Level, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar requested that as school principals, they should go through the process of visiting the District School Education Office. Officer (DSEO), South West Khasi Hills District so that the objectives will be implemented smoothly.
It is learned that the cold weather has hit many parts of Ri-Bhoi district this evening with heavy rainfall for a while, and this has caused problems to many farmers who have not yet finished their harvest. lum ban lang and shoot the crops they have cultivated hard all year round.
This is cheaper and better than the urea soap neem used today.
A report prepared by the ADR and the Arunachal Pradesh Election Watch, released on Tuesday, showed that out of 23 candidates who have cases against them in the elections, state, 20 of them have been convicted of more serious crimes, it was revealed when they sent their confessions.
Out of 375 cases, 21 (6%) have been arrested while in 2018 out of 370 cases, 25 cases have been reported (7%).
“Since the time of independence, our people have lived in the border villages.
With that thought, Buhsing Syiem, together with the seven ministers and all those involved on their own side, prepared to leave for another place, higher up, and that was Mawsmai, which was still the village remains until today.
They said that the MP of the Khasi-Jaintia people will stand up to defend the identity and issues such as customs and traditions, ILP, Khasi language, land and others.
“This is the way to build because if there is phong and jri between these buildings they will not collapse but if there is no dewbilat it will collapse,” he said.
According to the rules of the VCS, upon receipt of T.50,000, “The release of the money shall be within two months”.
The group invites all the residents of the State, men and women as well as children together with the relatives of the bereaved family to come together at the place as arranged as a sign. of testimony to express their sorrow and grief without being able to accept such an incident in the country and the nation as a whole.
Shillong: The Shillong Municipal Board, Shillong, has taken as one of the services to hold the new road, and other places in Shillong, such as Red Cross, Laitumkhrah, Nongthymmai and other places to hold the road. Operation Zero Littering is a campaign to eradicate littering.
Hek said that today he held a meeting with the managers of private hospitals to discuss the low cost of treatment for covid patients in these hospitals. .
Grace Kharpuri from Nongshken constituency and Teilinia Thangkhiew from Mylliem constituency were also announced.
He remembered the heroes of Meghalaya, Tirot Singh Syiem, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan Sangma, saying that many history books do not talk about the history, the heritage of the North East.
He said that such meetings are necessary for the Reserve Bank to listen to the views, feelings, concerns and concerns among the entrepreneurs, with the aim of taking them. ways and means to include them in banking systems through credit linkages.
Meghalaya MDC Bah Bajop Pyngrope on Friday joined the NPP. Rona Khymdeit, former MDC Nongpoh, has joined the NPP. The UDP has joined the Congress.
The Meghalaya Power Generation Corporation (MPC) and other stakeholders, including one of the leading companies in the construction of hydropower dams, Patel Engineering Ltd, Mumbai, where the contractors They include Civil & HM Contractor Onycon Infra LLP, Mumbai, E&M Contractor Toshiba Plant System & Service Corporation, Japan who have worked together to complete the first hydro power project in Garo Hills.
He said that he cannot say whether the elections will be held or not next year as the elections are conducted by the State Government.
The Chairman of Mawmluh Cherra Cements Ltd (MCCL), Bah Wailad Shylla, has announced that the first dewbilat factory in the state will sign a contract with a company from Kolkata called Bhavika Commercial Private Limited. BCPL).
On the same day, the RBYF President Bipul Thangkhiew, President of the Byrnihat Circle, took part in the confirmation of the new office bearers. In the presence of RBYF leaders, including RJ Thangkhiew, Political Secretary, Bawantipor Marwein, Sports Secretary, Wanpher Wahlang, Publicity and many others.
God cannot be seen with these naked eyes, but to see God the Word says – “Blessed are the pure in heart: for they shall see God” Matthew 5:8
As the residents of Labang Nangphyllut Pangam Raliang, we request all the children of Bri u Hynniewtrep not to be afraid if there is an attack by these insurgents or the Karbi people,” said Bah Sungoh.
Teresa Ralte said there are about 1,500 children recognized as domestic workers in Shillong alone.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The KSU and FKJGP Mawlai Circle in an emergency meeting held today expressed their anger against MUDA for its intention to bring Mawlai under its jurisdiction. They urged the residents not to apply for permission from MUDA when building houses and urged the residents not to pay any fees to the MUDA department especially when they build houses. bording because they said that this is the robbery of the poor.
At the same time, he stressed that the state needs to have a full swimming pool or Olympic size pool which will enable the children of the state to learn to swim in the pool. 50 meters distance because when they leave to take part in the outdoor competitions after they have finished swimming about 25 meters and 25 meters the remaining children of the state fall down because they don't know how to swim in the ponds. to 50 meters.
There is a great deal of evidence of a direct link between diabetes and heart diseases and that they both influence each other.
The choice of Shillong has its own ways of benefiting and losing the society and the Khasi people in society.
He said his rejoining the BJP was due to Alphonse's promise to promote tourism in Meghalaya where the youth would get jobs.
Also present on the occasion were the Waheh Chnong of Muthlongrim, Ma Emhi Kanai, leaders and members of the Sarot, Aziz War, Ram Sumer, Riquoma RQ Laloo and others.
People who went to that place (Mukroh) are all on record.
The construction of the restaurant is under the supervision and management of the Mawmluh Tourism and Allied Services Cooperative Society.
The group stage of the tournament will start on the 18th of July.
Shillong: There have been 64 new cases of covid-19 in the state today.
The meeting was attended by the MLA and the elders of the Lalung community. The meeting was also attended by leaders of the All Tiwa Student Association, Tiwa Literacy Society and and the Tiwa of the Great One.
NYKS Shillong, which organized this program under the leadership of Bah K.Nongrum NYV Shella Block, has been able to work with these villages in the Sohra area as the carriers of inspiration to others.
“The meeting ended in a positive and hopeful atmosphere,” Mukul told reporters after the meeting with the 13 political parties.
Besides the petition, the group also expressed before Bah AL Hek, that they want to develop the pig farming industry in Ri Lum Khasi Jaintia, as they also have the intention to change the farming methods. pigs according to this age and for the benefit of those people who live in the pig farming industry.
Three years ago in the bedroom of the hospital doctors came to tell and confirm that there was cancer in the body, but they could not yet know the cause of cancer.
Also present on the occasion were Bah WK Kharbuli, Additional Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills, Kong RC Sohkhlet, Registrar Cooperative Societies, MD Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank, Officers of Cooperation Department, Meghalaya Cooperative, MBMA and Meghalaya Cooperative. Apex Bank Ltd and others.
Criticizing the AAP, Rahul said the party's goal is only to prevent the Congress from coming to power in Delhi. It is the party that cannot only arrest its own people like Kiran Bedi who has joined the BJP, the party that has elected her to become the Chief Minister of Delhi.
The father thums one child, the mother thums the other.
By the end of 2027, 5G will account for about 39% of all mobile connections in India, with an estimated 500 million users, he said.
Matthew 7:22.
“We don't have any objection to the letter being sent to the Prime Minister.
Shillong, July 30 : The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titos W Chyne, has expressed his concern over the availability of Khasi songs. the special meaning of Khasi words.
Furthermore, Section 2(47) of the Consumer Act protects the public from any illegal sale of goods, and protects against any harm, injury to This protection of the consumers is in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(9) of the Consumer Protection Act.
He said that they have the benefits of traditional medicine for thousands of years, but now through scientifically proven medicines to treat many diseases.
He said that as soon as these foreigners arrived, the union searched their documents and found that they did not have proper documents and not even a Trading Licence. The KHADC has not been appointed.
You are honored that Capt.
Tremiki Lamare scored the second goal in the 24th minute and Cleofast scored the second goal for Ummulong Sports & Cultural Club. Bamon scored the first goal in the 64th minute.
Kyrmen Shylla Minister of State and MLA of the area witnessed as the chief guest and the village sent a letter to him to provide for the needs of this place which has attracted many foreigners and locals.
According to him, MeECL in recent months has continued to increase the blackout hours and now there are only 5 hours from 12th November and 4 hours from 15th November for urban areas.
Sohlang also expressed his concern over the inability of the law enforcement agencies to arrest the robbers who were involved in the burning of the wooden bridge in Risiang.
“The time will come when the power outage will be 10 days and 10 nights due to the lack of rain,” he said.
The Chief Minister also met with Ilawankmen Nongbri who won the gold medal in the 2nd World Jeet Kune Do Championship held in Kandy, Sri Lanka in October
On the other hand, Jaishankar said that the relationship between India and China at this time is inadequate and can be said to have deteriorated since the border dispute in India. the past years.
In 2015-16, Rs 221 crore has been received from the Central Government for MGNREGS which is the highest allocation from the Central Government to the State since the inception of the scheme in
Brigit, Headmistress of St. Thomas Secondary School, Nongjri, teachers, students, parents and others.
“Like Tarabari, which has 800 residents, who are in Assam, but now they have come to Meghalaya and all of them have the EPIC of Assam, so it is necessary to take action on this,” he said. said Mr. Renickton.
The union said that the people of the area know well the character of this member of the union because he is a respectable person and a person like him does not do anything as alleged by the police Even his family members told him that he was arrested without cause while he was eating at home.
Rangdajied, which played in the I-League in 2013-14, has faced difficulties due to license issues and others.
He said that the meeting was a success with the participation of Prof. PM Passah, Advocate Erwin Sutnga, Garlan Rymbai-Ex President JSU, DPde, Village Leader of JSU. Jowai, Nailur 09: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills District, JSU, JSM, JYF and JNC leaders, JSU, JSM, JYF and JNC leaders. Hills informed the public that the NFSA (AAY, PHH) and Non-NFSA rice for the month of September 2023 has been released to all ration shops in the district from 11th September to 22nd September
The award of the RLSSCO is also for those youths who have to support themselves by working from house to house and studying but have passed well in their examinations. There are also women who work in the household and there are also those who have married but who are still eager and eager to complete their studies and they have succeeded.
Even on the night of the incident, we didn't see Pynshai Nongrang, but we only know what the children of the deceased Longkmie, who said that he came to at midnight.
He said that there are 400 road guards under the jurisdiction of the Shillong Municipal Board and out of these only 98 are full time employees of the board. pay their wages as full-time employees.
The KSU leaders urged the DC to immediately stop the charge of hostel fees at USTM and RIST, as the authorities of these schools have set a deadline for payment. The hostel fee will be paid on the 31st of this month.
Of the 38 cases, 39.5 percent or 15 cases were found to be still positive, while the rest were completely cured.
He said that although the year of rent ended in 1962, the government continued to pay the rent until 1977 and after that the government did not pay the rent because it did not know how to pay. Where is the origin of the households in the Nongkhlaw clan?
It is also the fact that it is exactly like a father and mother cannot feed their children and when they are hungry, they have to strike and if the strike does not work, they cannot steal because they are hungry.
The North East Postal Circle includes 4478 post offices across the states of Meghalaya, Arunachal Pradesh, Tripura, Manipur, Mizoram and Nagaland and its headquarters is located in Shillong.
The inauguration ceremony was attended by Bah Lui Lyngdoh, President, Lumlang Mawnai, Senior Vice President, Shanlang Diengdoh. The meeting was conducted by Noah Khongstid Assistant Secretary in the presence of Bah Henry Nongrum Rangbah Shnong.
According to information received from one of the members of the committee, the first public hearing was held in Nongpoh on Saturday and the second will be held in Mawkyrwat on Monday.
Know that those people who have children are a punishment for them later even when they want to have children.
This time, 21,61,729 citizens of the State will elect their new leaders, with 10,92,326 thousand female voters and 10,68,801 more than males.
Prime Minister Nehru in his public speech at the Garrison Ground in 1955 when the people of North East India were demanding their own state from Assam, said, “I want the people of North East India to secede from Assam. They will grow according to their own genius.
Babu Sevendar Dkhar has completed his Master of Commerce (M.Com) from Saraswati Bhuvan Arts and Commerce College, Aurangabad-Maharashtra and is currently pursuing his Ph.D.
The KSU has strongly opposed the action of the pharmacist who dared to leave the quarantine center in Shillong to take his wife to Rangthong Primary Health Care (PHC) on the 4th of this month. 1st of April.
“The Government has also decided to turn to other sports grounds in the villages, towns where there are young football players and in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnongs and Nongmihkhmat, we want to upgrade these sports grounds. ," he added.
This year's World Cup is being held in Brazil and 32 teams from different countries will take part in the tournament.
God the Creator gave them two eyes and these too were placed in such a way that they could see far away.
The Deacon of Tura Baptist Church, Sengbat G. Momin, said that the publication of these story books will encourage the future generation to write their own writings.
The total number of cases in the state has now reached 1,9
Parliament today approved the execution of those involved in the rape of girls under the age of
A day before the end of the filing of nomination papers for the Assembly elections which will be held on 27th June, 15 candidates have filed their nomination papers on Monday.
The POCSO Court has sentenced Saddam Hussain of Pushkunipara, Bholarbhita, Phulbari area of ​​West Garo Hills to death. sexually assaulted a minor while she went to play in a playground with her friends on January 23, 2018.
When asked about this, Bah Paul said that this demand can be granted on the basis of various cases, because in the peace talks, one side should not be involved but there should be an understanding. I don't want to take it.
Other Khasi Himas, although they have been conquered by the Foreign Government, have not lost their longsyiem inheritances to this day.
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnong Jongksha has clarified that it has nothing to do with this incident, unlike those who have spread the news through social media.
The program was held after receiving permission from the NEHU authorities, but was disrupted by protesters led by Easterson Sohtun, Aditya Sourav and Gurudutt Tripathi. he was tied with a tyrnem and some of them were injured.
This federation has been able to produce many outstanding players who have appeared not only in the country, but also abroad.
Therefore, they requested the authorities in charge of agriculture to provide assistance to the farmers so that in the coming years. They will be able to manage this agricultural business in a proper manner.
"In this case, you are not well prepared, but I would advise you to be well prepared when you bring up this issue again," Modi said.
“It is for this reason that we intend to take a resolution to urge the central government to release this rule in the state,” he said.
The 24-year-old will also be Ten Hag's first signing in the summer transfer window for £55m, plus £5m in add-ons.
These women should be expelled from our beloved country.
“It is to be recalled that last year, the Seinraij Jowai held Behdieñkhlam only with ainguh aidem rituals and all the dances in public places were cancelled.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The State Government, through the Land Department, has decided to start the erection of signboards on the Bangladesh border in East Khasi Hills. There are three Raids, which fall on the border with the Hima Khyrim, who oppose the erection of the signboard, namely the Mawshun Raid, the Mukertilla Raid and the Lyting Raid.
Children from more remote villages like Umbyrsit, Mawkapiah and Langja have to walk for about 1.5 to 2 hours but even so they don't hesitate because they want to go to school.
“Please don't be fooled by the sbai,” said Bah Nongrum.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) candidate from Sohiong Constituency, Bah Seraph Eric Kharbuki, has said that he has decided to contest the Legislative Assembly elections because the Sohiong Constituency has many shortcomings. many sides.
Then they laughed, threatened and even tried to kill him.
The increase in the number of students passing the Higher Secondary Board Examinations this year has created a lot of demand for Under Graduate seats.
Another inauguration of the Children's Green Spaces Park Cum Play Field, Madan Laban, which has been completed under the Atal Mission for Rejuvenation and Urban Transformation (AMRUT), Scheme 2019-2
The death toll from the coronavirus has risen to eight in India and the number of infections to 415 nationwide.
In this regard, Bah Andreas urged the Police Department to conduct a thorough investigation into this so that the people of Meghalaya can escape from such incidents. .
I have no doubt about the ability of our Defense Minister,” said Bah AL Hek.
The school was inaugurated by Rev. Archbishop Dominic Jala, Archbishop of Shillong Archdiocese, in the presence of Catholic priests and faithful.
Shillong, June 20: U Bah Pynpoihun Majaw, President of the JYF, on Tuesday said that the complaint filed by Ma Don Rymbai against him is only a cover-up for exposing the corruption in the JHADC during the tenure of Ma Don Rymbai. Rymbai, who was the CEM, also alleged that the arrest of Ma Don on the complaints was due to his plan to overthrow the President of the party.
The Cherra Presbyterian School in Nongsawlia on Friday morning, has burnt down all the rooms of the school. special.
People in religion are the same people in society.
Hamid Shotun took three wickets while Reuben A. Najiar took one wicket.
In October, 2018, police seized T.6,65,450 tyngka while in June, police seized T.5,17,660 tyngka. hundred and seventy dollars).
We are happy to be able to maintain a unique atmosphere despite a lot of challenges" Dey said.
“In the MP election, I have won more than 4,000 votes in Shella alone and we have hope in this MLA election to reach the target,” said Sanbor.
Also present at the meeting was the Chairman of the Umtrew River Protection Committee, Bah F.Nongkseh, who admitted that the allegation that it was the committee that accused the MDC of leaving the river The committee has no information on the reopening of the Ri Syiar Company.
Speaking to reporters, Gilbert Kharraswai, Chairman of the Joint Action Committee (JAC), said that after the meeting, the Syiem of Maharam Hima The JAC has issued a notice to discuss the issue of tax collection from the quarrying factories in Umnongrim, Wahmawpat.
Through this mission, 253 cooperatives have already received Rs 44.5 crore as cranes.
Two years after the foundation stone laying ceremony of the Science Block of Sohkha Government Higher Secondary School, the Minister of State for Education and MLA Amlarem Constituency, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui on Monday inaugurated the Science Block.
Speaking to media, Bah Metbah said that the talks are ongoing and they will discuss the issue again.
The UDP has won the second round of polling in Shella Constituency.
This happened before the three men were transported.
The deceased were identified as Bostarlin Thabah, 27, resident of Mawlai Phudmuri and another identified as Alastair Nongsiej, 27, resident of Jaiaw Lumbate, has been arrested.
Furthermore, five High Courts of India have made similar decisions and have given decisions aimed at shedding light on these beliefs and misinterpretations that have shaped the country's economic growth and development. in danger.
Up to 250 voters came to take part in the polling and when the votes were counted, Bah Rudy Shangpliang received the most votes and his name was announced as the candidate.
The Sordar of Raid Mukertila sends his condolences to the family of Bah Massar at this time of grief and prays that Bah Massar will rest in peace. door of God.
The match between the two teams was very friendly and interesting, many chances were missed from the start of the match.
The building, which will consist of 23,000 crematoria, will provide space for 23,000 burial grounds and will also be one of the memorial sites for the burial grounds.
When asked about the ILP, Rani said the delay is like a refusal, and said the party's wish is a place of entry and exit, to protect the minorities of the country. country.
According to sources, the state government has agreed to release T.1.80 crore for the payment of salaries of the employees of the Board who have not received their salaries for about 20 years. months now.
In 2016, Sultan earned Rs 36.54 crore, in 2017, Tubelight earned Rs 21.15 crore and Race 3 earned Rs 29.17 crore.
Scrapping of Article 370 (in Jammu and Kashmir)2
Purnima Rau, head coach and Biju Geroge, fielding coach of the women's team, also took part in the tournament.
Guwahati: Thousands of Garo people from Assam have taken part in a protest rally at Bakrapur, Gialapara district on 1st July to send a message of unity. The Assam Government has decided to set up a Garo Autonomous District Council which will cover all the areas inhabited by the Garo people and will be run by the indigenous people.
The Hima Mylliem, today, has set up hand washing stations at all gates before entering the market. People who go to buy goods in the market should also wear masks and wear masks. and they shall be far from one another when they buy things.
The order also directs the Village Authorities to enforce these rules and to inform the Council of any violators.
There are five teams participating in this year's tournament.
He walks, stands, works, and dresses in a pleasant manner.
He expressed his regret to find that the contractors class 2 class 3 who come from low income families who contribute a lot to the development of the country have been rejected without jobs thus income decline. Large projects have been awarded to companies and class 1 contractors.
Such incidents have happened mostly in places without gates and the reason was found to be the high price of gates which has angered the truck drivers.
At the same time, the chairman of SNSBH said that in fact, the government should not act hastily but should have a smooth process.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Synroplang Self Help Group (SSPTS) on Tuesday rejected the allegation by the drivers of SSPTS that it is unfounded. there were many others offered work.
We especially sympathize with the mother of the two children, the Meiieid and the mother of the man (Jeofreson Jana) who committed this crime.
The Minister also praised the Dorbar Shnong for implementing the government scheme in a short period of time.
Secondly, the Odd-Even System for commercial vehicles has been temporarily suspended.
“According to the report sent by the Regional Committee, there are only two villages which have not been included in the Hima Nonglang Sirdarship, as these villages have been inhabited by Nepalis and Rabhas since ancient times. and they were entirely villages under Assam.
France star Kylian Mbappe scored twice to secure the country's qualification for the 2024 European Championship with two matches remaining.
West Jaintia Hills District has four constituencies and out of these, only Jowai, Nartiang and Sutnga have announced their candidates. Jopthiaw Lyngdoh will contest from Nartiang and Sutnga will contest from Shitlang Pale.
Norms of Journalistic Conduct- 2020:i.
The KHADC's decision to open the market, we have thought, is to remove the foreigners (most of whom are foreigners) from the market, because the foreigners, they will not be able to pay shop rent, if shop closures continue; However, if this is not the case, the market should have opened more than a month ago and the rules have been adjusted, such as the opening of the shops of the kharkaia in Paltan Bazaar.
Regarding the dates of the dorbar, the EC will sit to discuss.
Saleng said this after the Minister of Food and Civil Supplies said that if the members of the household receive information or the public finds such a rice, they should bring it to the government department so that they can report it to the government department. will get tested.
He said the EC is considering the formation of the FTD so that it can publish its list in each village so that the villages can send their leaders.
The road from Umsning-Mawhati to Umsiang, which is the most important road for the people of this constituency, is a badly damaged road and has been damaged by all the people living in hundreds of villages in the constituency. this area.
He said that since the attacks on Christians in other states, Narendra Modi has not given any speech to condemn the attackers.
At the same time, the students were urged to be clean at home and to be an example to others.
Their bike,with plate number ML05J 8110, went and hit the wall of a bridge on the way.
“Where did you come from this morning?” asked the mother (Kong Lumspah). Hep replied, “Ei, I'm talking to you, Hep, you've lost your love for your son.” The mother called. When the father (Bah Shanbor) came out, he said, “No, my son, I'm sorry. tell me if you don't have a relationship.
Furthermore, new rules have been added to the OM of the Reservation Policy for candidates applying for district posts.
He said that the Karbi people came at about 12 noon and cut down these trees which they had planted for six months.
Here in East Khasi Hills, the temperature of the sun has increased in some places.
V. HIS HEALING: Another example from the Lord Jesus Christ for us to be His Incense is healing.
Responding to the news that he is the world's richest man, Musk gave a brief comment, saying "How strange"
Therefore, the Seng will not hesitate to convey these issues to the relevant authorities to take the best action according to the notification of the Government issued since 28th July 2019, which has enforced the provisions of section Crpc that vehicles passing through this bridge should not carry more than 9 tonnes and should not pass 3 or 4 heavy vehicles at the same time.
RSS chief Mohan Bhaghat reported in the Indian Express that at a public meeting at Vansda Tuka in Gujarat, organized by the Virat Hindu Samenelat, in a 30% Christian area, he said that the Pope proudly said that they had converted all the people of Europe, Australia and America to Christianity.
The accident occurred from Khliehriat to Moowakhu Dkhiah, Ladrymbai in East Jaintia Hills.
She said that this incident does not appear to be the best way to send a new investigation.
The meeting was held to decide what to do and how to show their opposition to the SDO (Civil) of Sohra Ganshyam Das. The SDO has invited foreigners to register their names to vote at his office.
Small vehicles coming from Mawkyrwat can also pass through Laitnongrim and Umjarain.
The whole world has seen this and it is something unthinkable and something that is unacceptable as a society.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) East Khasi Hills Police on receiving a tip on a tip-off conducted a raid at a slum in Sweeper Lane and arrested a woman who was arrested for allegedly stealing drugs. 26 years old.
They demanded that the government should provide them with tyndong lyer to cook and there are other needs that the cooks in the schools have to burn with wood. schools have work.
Mr. Philip Marwein, Via-Email.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) today decided to nominate former Indian Minister Agatha K Sangma as the candidate of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) from Tura constituency. .
We don't want to prolong it but if these workers or those who look after this light in Mawkyrwat area don't take action, the time will come when we will think of something else.
The more candidates from political parties or non-parties, the more exciting the race is and the voters are more likely to elect people who are more likely to become MLAs and not businessmen.
“Ka seng strongly condemns this incident, which has happened from time to time when kitmaw vehicles do not respect other vehicles who are passing by and have driven at will,” said the statement. and Information Secretary of the Seng, Mr. Evanfield Khonglam.
Nongstoin: The KSU Mawshynrut Circle under the leadership of Samla Ulysis Ryntong, General Secretary, KSU Mawshynrut Circle, together with several members of the KSU Mawshynrut Circle, visited the PMAY beneficiaries in Maw Village. After receiving a complaint from the beneficiaries of this scheme.
In the opening match, Rymbai Iawpynsing Sports Club beat Pdengkarong Youth Club 2-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
After receiving the report of the Expert Committee, the government will consider and take a decision.
The drivers fled the scene and left their vehicles with the coal.
He was a religious man who knew all the Jewish holy writings such as the Talmud and Torah and others.
The Inspector-General of Police (R/PR) who is also the Chairman of the Central Recruitment Board (CRB) on Tuesday announced the results of the posts of Unarmed Branch Sub-Inspector (UBSI), Unarmed Branch Constable (UBC). ), Fireman (FM), Driver Fireman (DFM), MPRO Operator, Armed Branch Constable (ABC)/Battalion Constable (BNC), Driver Constable (DC) and Follower.
Bah Lyngdoh said the turnout was until 7 pm and could increase.
Therefore, before these incidents happen, the youths of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) have organized this program to show that the cleanliness of the rivers is very important. , because it is from this river that many villages use to draw water for drinking and at the same time many people from all over the country also use it for cleaning.
The District Election Officer, in a statement, said that the purpose of the Ri Bhoi District Level Standing Committee is to ensure the smooth running of the Ri Bhoi District Level Standing Committee. The 2023 Leadership Election and through this Committee to monitor and ensure that there is no violation of the Model Code of Conduct as issued by the Election Commission of India in the state. Meghalaya.
Jesus died, and rose again; u Blei is Sunday (the Sabbath day).
When asked about the situation of the Khasi people these days, he said that in his opinion it is better to give the jait to the father because the Khasi men are lyngkar. beyond".
The Students' Union said that this college is the oldest government college in Jaintia Hills, but Bah Sniawbhalang's statement that he is concerned about the college does not match his speech and work. college which is run by the government.
From generation to generation, the world has been waiting for the good news and the coming of Jesus is the news that God and Heaven have come down to earth, God and Heaven are with us, working with us. we for the sake of saving, liberating, enlightening, comforting and giving hope to humanity and the entire universe.
Meanwhile, the HSPDP has not yet announced who will nominate for the post after the death of Bah Hoping.
The drama of candidates for the 2023 MLA elections has started to rage in the state as not only the NPP has started attracting people from other parties but now even the UDP which is part of the party. government began to pull together.
The Cecilia Memorial Award was also awarded to Brother Banteilang Lyngdoh and the DBMNTV Youth Icon Award 2023 was awarded to Dapalei Warjri.
One day we will see our youth become famous," he said.
Now, if the rivers are dry, how can we get water to supply the rice fields and the fields of jhur and soh? The Government of Meghalaya has implemented the Jal Jiwan Mission (JJM) scheme which aims to provide water to all households.
The workers said that the construction of this road started from Umkhyrmi and for many days they have been cutting the ground to build the road to connect these villages.
The statement was signed by A. Marboh, Rangbah Shnong Lumkseh, W Nongdhar, Mawkynring, Ison Mukhim, Kyrdeng, N Sumer, Wahmyntait, Kopsing Jyrwa, Lumdiengngan. The Main Remember.
On 6th November, leaders of the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) Nongpoh Circle have arrested 12 foreigners who were trying to come to work in Bhoirymbong.
Meanwhile, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, said that the ban on coal mining has been very serious and requires the cooperation between the people and the government.
Former Manchester United player Jesper Olsen, who has played in the World Cup and retired from Denmark, arrived in Shillong yesterday. On the 30th of October, the former footballer of the Synod Higher Secondary School, Mission Compound Shillong, visited the Synod Higher Secondary School, Mission Compound Shillong. part of the Olympic Trials program.
When asked whether he ate or not and what his findings were whether the food was sweet or whether there was any difference, he said, “In the morning I didn't eat anymore, I didn't eat in the morning. -thah, I'm just going to fight," he said.
This has caused many problems to the village where the shops and houses have been flooded which has caused a lot of suffering to the residents of this village even to walk the road especially in the village. it is not during school hours.
Doly Lamare, Asst. District Organizing Commissioner (G), expressed the current problems and the decline in the price of Tipbriew Tipblai, and urged the members of the Movement to be good examples to others. to bring about peace and harmony and to protect the environment.
In the match in Tura, Mawlai beat Khliehmawlieh 1-0 in the presence of Tura MP Agatha Sangma who was the chief guest. , along with the public from parents, young men and women to children.
Short walking, walking or running for a while in the same place, moving or shaking the body, bending forward to touch the toes and other simple exercises can cause them to lose weight. dohksah for you to walk outside.
When he fell down, they bombed him and beat him to death.
Vincent said the recent incident between the borders of Mizoram and Assam has disrupted and destroyed the peace and stability in these areas.
It is to be recalled that Dr. Mukul Sangma on 15th November has slammed the Meghalaya government for not being able to curb the riots and the Meghalaya government has imposed a curfew and shut down the internet. '.
"She said that she did not have any letters of demand for money sent by this member to these people, but it was through her phone, she had many contact numbers that were witnessed. are the ones who demanded money from many people.
The winners of this competition received 9,000 (Rs 7000/-) for the first place, 5,000 (Rs 5000/-) for the second place and 3,000 (Rs 3000/-) for the third place. trophies bad certificates.
The next day, the paintings were released at Narayan Studio.
Speaking as the confirmator of the new office bearers of KSU Nongpoh Circle, Samla Lambokstar Marngar, said that as leaders who have taken the responsibility as leaders, they should feel that they have taken the responsibility to They are ready to protect the country and the nation in any part of the struggle.
Nongpoh, July 04: To commemorate the 30th Anniversary of the Ri Bhoi District on 4th July 1992, the Ri Bhoi Dorbar in collaboration with the The office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District today held a special celebration for the people of Ri Bhoi District.
So the Israelites chose a curse, and the curse came upon them, and they were scattered abroad.
In recent years, officials from the International Committee for Weapons Contamination United of the Red Cross have traveled to North Korean agencies to provide training on bomb disposal lines.
Nongpoh: A group of robbers in a Bolero, this morning at 3:30 pm, tried to rob a shop at Quinine village, Ri Bhoi, but the robbers did not respond. The robbery was foiled by the truck drivers.
It is to be recalled that this program is also one of the objectives of the Pradhan Mantri TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyan (PMTBMBA), which aims to eradicate TB by head of government.
Shillong: The Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) has arrested Rintu Saikia from Central Nongrim Hills at 9.30 pm today. Laitumkhrah Police, and from his residence, police recovered 58.78 grams of heroin packed in four soap boxes and seized under the NDPS Act.
M. Pohleng scored 17', 43', H Lyngdoh 53', 62', R Thma 68' and K. Pale 90+2
Earlier, speaking to reporters, Winnerson said he could not say anything on behalf of Dr Mukul Sangma.
The two families have prepared for the work after the engagement.
SEPSD President Wanbun Dkhar said that the factory has been operating for many years, which has caused serious problems and damage to the people and the environment. This factory has violated the environmental laws and regulations and this factory should be away from villages or public places.
The soul, the life that God has given us, is the most precious and we need to take care of it and not to lose it and not to give it up at all.
In 1978, he contested from the HSPDP from Nongshken Constituency and won by 11 votes. Maham Singh of the Congress received 2070 votes and Ganold received 2059 votes.
Lurin Jyoti Gogoi said he was not surprised that such a thing would happen, as this was a long-awaited event from the party.
Shillong: A group called “KEINNOH YNNAI LONG MRAW” has issued a statement on social media today inviting the public to attend a public meeting on the 1st of this month. July 2021 at Student Square and to march to the Meghalaya Secretariat, to protest against the inability of the state government to curb the spread of covid.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr A.War, today said that the testing of residents on the border with Bangladesh for COVID-1 and is currently undergoing this testing.
He said that until when will the people of the state understand and perhaps, do not understand and do not want economic development, employment for the youth and this makes him very sad.
Nongtuh, Nongtuh children say, Call many times;
It is not yet known whether this agreement will be resolved in the future.
““It is worth mentioning here that the Chairperson has received information about her removal through the media.
She said that she is proud to be a national to enter the MasterChef and it has been a pride for Meghalaya and the North East as a whole.
The purpose of this program is to raise awareness among the students on the importance of knowing the rights of human beings from the right to life, the right to equality, the right to speak, the right to freedom of expression. right to religion and other rights, by declaring that India has a law under the Constitution that provides for freedom of expression without discrimination.
He said that many people think that the residents of Jaintia Hills are rich, but in the places he visited he found that the residents are poorer than the residents of Khasi Hills.
She also assured that this time she will win easily as the people have seen her work in the last 10 years as an MDC. “I believe that the people will give me another victory,” said Teilinia.
He said the NPP has called for cooperation since the day the election results were announced.
Earlier, police had arrested four men including a minor on charges of gang rape after a complaint was lodged by the victim.
Speaking about his role in Gladiator 2, Barry Keoghan expressed his excitement and at the same time he couldn't imagine being in one of Ridley Scott's films.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Forests, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, has requested 10% of the T163.31 crore received from the Central Government for the use of public forests.
Shillong: U MDC Nongkrem constituency, Bah HS Shylla, on Tuesday said that those Khasi who give jait to their father should not be considered Khasi and their Schedule Tribe (ST) status should be removed.
On the incident at Ryngksan, Prestone said the government is fighting as hard as possible to recover the bodies of the people who were trapped in the Ryngksan coal mine in East Jaintia Hills.
Does he fight for this land which is the right of the raids and kingdoms? Who has the authority to allocate 18.51 sq km of land to Assam,” said Dr Mukul.
Rangdajied United FC, the runners-up of the 2019 MSL season, showed their strength against the 2017-18 champions Niaw Wasa. Many people came to support Niaw Wasa, but this group could not overthrow the stronghold of the Rangdajied defenders who had been strong in this.
The Social Welfare Department has directed all the Deputy Commissioners of districts to send proposals regarding the improvement and construction of new Anganwadi Centers within the time limit for completion as the State still lacks Anganwadi Centers. There are 55 C&RD Block and 41 Centre.
Nongtnger said that the two arrested were identified as Hedik R Sangma, 40, of Riangdim, while the other was identified as Hubert. R Sangma, 35, from Songsak.
We should not misunderstand that the struggle of the workers belongs to the communists or to think that the demand for the rights of the workers belongs to the communist parties.
The employees of NEHU have informed the Union Minister that the Government should recognize them as full time employees, while the KSU leaders have informed that the Central Government should approve the for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya.
Along with the Central Government, there have also been states in the North East which have issued their own rules and regulations regarding electric vehicles and their use.
To ban the agriculture of the Khasi Pnars in Meghalaya.
Speaking to media after a meeting with the Additional Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang, the President of SSA Teachers, Bah Aristotle Rymbai, said that the decision was taken after all the teachers did not I don't feel like I can accept the government's request.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with World Bank officials on Thursday, he said Meghalaya has received a loan of up to US$230 million from the World Bank for the construction of roads in the country. The meeting today with the World Bank officials was on how the state is facing difficulties in completing the project on time.
These cows were seized from the border areas of Muktapur, Tuka, Lyngkhat, Naya Bazar and Shella.
Police have taken the deceased to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for post mortem to find out the cause of death. He was admitted to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh.
Sissiborgaon Revenue Circles remains the worst affected area with more than 10,300 people severely affected by the floods.
Those involved in his imprisonment and those who accused or accused him without grounds may have been disappointed because what they wanted had been achieved.
The state government has also been directed to convene a meeting with the NHAI officials and the relevant authorities to look into the issue of the Jowai-Ratacherra road of NH-6
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Tuesday arrested several suspects involved in collaboration with the Khalistan militants and other militants from other countries such as Pakistan and Canada. the networks of these terrorist groups for the purpose of carrying out terrorist activities.
Zethan Bareh, a resident of Jaiaw Langsning, is one of these youngsters who has become a well-known DJ in India.
The name of Zindaward N. Sangma was announced by UDP Vice President Allantry F. Dkhar at a press conference at the party headquarters in Shillong.
The four leaders who have been charged are Commander-in-Chief Bobby Marwein, Regan Marwein, Wanbor Khardewsaw, Lung and William, General Secretary and Publicity. Secretary: Deng Deng, Wadborlang Nongrum, Emanuel Suchen, Shwa and Marius Rynjah, Shwa. Hep Coitus.
The Inspector General of BSF Meghalaya, after briefing on the incident, promised that the BSF will work for the good of the country, despite many challenges.
The deceased were identified as Krejunelang Khongjirem and Serborlang Jaktung.
The borrowers will receive once a total of fifteen thousand rupees at once.
The findings in the report are grounded in sound practice and research, paving the way for those who make policy to make conscious decisions for years to come.
"Rida said, "I don't know Doctor..." She looked at the tree because Niakha was also there. "Your husband is sitting there..." said the doctor. you were only Born.
On the creation of blocks, Lapang said the MPCC has taken this decision because there are some blocks which are no longer working, it wants to strengthen them and some of their leaders want to destroy the party. and on the basis of the information received from the Block, the party is doing whatever is necessary to strengthen and restructure the party.
According to Bah Rowel, although the party has not yet discussed this issue, if the situation demands, the party will hold a meeting to take action against those who are fighting against the party.
All these organizations and village leaders have expressed their strong opposition to the government's decision to open foreign trade through the port and have sent letters to the DC, West Jaintia Hill District and the government to demand that Foreign trade between the two countries through the Tamabil Dawki LCS has been suspended due to the spread of COVID-1
It is understood that the teachers will discuss many issues such as the need for the government to take over the teaching profession or provincialisation, the lack of education policy and others.
He said that this is because the Gau Gyann Foundation has filed a PIL against the sale of meat in the state.
He said that it is not only about good education but also about the demand for employment opportunities for the youth.
If you're wrong, you're wrong.
He accused the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma of Assam, of showing sympathy to Muslim women while not uttering a word to condemn the rape of Muslim women.
I urge the readers to read this poem from beginning to end not only to get information but to understand its meaning.
We cannot do that one of the members of the Commission, Larsingh Khyriem, strongly opposes this, until he has issued notes of descent but his voice alone cannot win these four members. and this decision was made as stated above.
As soon as I heard the voice of Niakha while she was calling “Rida o Rida.
Goa has the highest number of car owners in India at 45.2 percent.
After seeing this news in Mawphor, the Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong, Richmond Kya, urgently convened the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong on 27/05/2022 and the EC discussed the matter. I don't know if there is anything wrong with the Waheh Shnong because in the last Committee we didn't see any discussion as Linda Nongkrem alleged.
He confessed that he too had experienced the same difficulties and it was not until he found the cross on Calvary that those difficulties and burdens were removed.
Of these, two AHTUs in Shillong and Tura have been set up with the assistance of the Government of India.
“In the past few days, we as the party have gone to break the boundaries that the Assam government has erected and we have also broken these boundaries in front of the Secretariat and KHADC,” he said. .
In his statement, Captain Sangma said that his Government has implemented development projects across the rural areas of Meghalaya, without any discrimination. .
If these complaints of the JAC-HJ against the Syiem are wrong and unfounded, the JWSWO leaders should explain to the public the benefits of the JAC-HJ leaders and especially to clarify the demands or complaints of the JAC-HJ against the Syiem are groundless.
Quilindschy Hartman scored the third goal for the Netherlands with seven minutes left before the end of the first half.
Conrad also alleged that Mukul Sangma has created problems during his tenure in the government by announcing new projects, one after another, without knowing the truth. the money, where it comes from.
On this occasion, the students of the area also received information on the courses available at the Indian Institute of Hotel Management, Shillong including B.Sc in Hospitality, Diploma Courses from for those who have completed Class 12 and Short Term Certificate Courses for those who have completed Class
In the IT sector, the government has set up the Shillong IT Park and through this, at least 1500 youth will be employed.
He encouraged the students to be hardworking in their studies as education is one of the ways to take the children to higher levels and they should also be hardworking children. hard work and dedication to their studies with determination as they have shown their talent and ability in these programs completed today.
At present, not a single MLA wants the MLA scheme to be abolished.
The launch came a few days after the North Korean leader announced the launch of the Intercontinental Ballistic Missile (Hwasong-1 ).
At this public meeting, the supporters of the MLA and the residents of Syndai village, which is the village of the candidate, decided unanimously for the To support and win Ma Lorsing Lakuna as an independent candidate, unlike other candidates who have their own political party, because as Ma Firstborn Maner has his own party from the UDP, Ma After the announcement of the candidate by MLA Stephanson Mukhim, Ma Lorsing congratulated the supporters. Through the support of the people which has led him to contest the upcoming mid-term elections, the candidate said that he will contest the upcoming mid-term elections. , he told them to be strong in order to support him because he will reach this goal.
“This shows that the members of the Karbi Committee are corrupt and stealing,” they said.
Happy New Year," Trump said.
The program was organized by the Dorbar Shnong Tuber Shohshrieh on the theme “Eldest Footstep, A Path to Success” at Tuber Shohshrieh UP School, Wahchlem, East Jaintia Hills District.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 24: Rambrai is a well-known village which is close to Nongstoin which is the headquarters of West Khasi Hills District. , Rambrai, Lawdibah, Umsiej, Nongkroh, Umjaut and other villages.
Shillong, July 20 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD, Prestone Tynsong, today said that he has directed the engineers of his department to repair the affected roads. I'm sorry for the lapbah.
At the same time, the statement said that the cleaning of the road will start every day from 8 pm on the 24th, 25th, 26th, 27th, 28th and 29th of this month.
The school was founded in 2007 by Pro Suiam and has been built at a cost of more than 30 lakh from Pro Laitnoh's own budget and 13 lakh 18 thousand rupees. Interestingly, this school is the first school in the rural areas of East Jaintia Hills to implement the TATA Class Edge from Smart Class. class today.
The investigation also found that the Police had been closely monitoring the IED blasts in Khliehriat and Laitumkhrah and the information received by the Syntiat Police that there was an intention to blast another IED bomb on the 13th to 15th July .
Nongpoh: The leaders and members of the FKJGP Myrdon Circle, on Tuesday condemned the people who have thrown garbage at some places along the road to Mawtari Myrdon. The Fear.
“We would like to urge the central government to provide funds directly to the ADCs without going through the state government,” said Bah Syiem.
More than 80 refugees from the Chittagong Hill Tracts (CHT) of Bangladesh have entered parts of Mizoram on Sunday.
On the other hand, Bah PT Sawkmie requested the Minister of Electricity, James K Sangma, to create the mechanisms to pay the salaries of the employees and also that the government should ensure that Government employees should receive monthly salaries because even if government employees do not receive salaries, it will cause problems to the state as a whole.
He said that from what point of view, it has been tried to say that the Khasi is already a Hindu, that has to be asked from the speaker, because the truth, according to history is that the Khasi-Jaintia people, it is a very old nation.
Speaking on this occasion, Bah Paul said, “There was a leader who led the people for the sake of To amend the By-laws of MUDA, to strengthen the Dorbar Shnongs, to transfer the powers of MUDA to the District Council and the path he has chosen is to lead the people to leave, to They threw stones at the police, at the media, what came out of it except the blood of the people”.
The rich, as long as they want to give jobs, build cars or buy cars, as long as they want the land, especially the land, don't agree to give it to the husband.
“The government through the DHS should clarify exactly the number of cases after they went to test at the sample collection center in Khyndailad. Khyndailad, although they work in shops in Khyndailad (Police Bazar) but live in other villages or townships,” said Bah Nongrum. The disease has caused fear among the people to come to Khyndailad and has also brought a bad reputation to this place which is a prosperous trading centre.
Because if they give 10 lakh tyngka per household if there are three voters, it still costs only 20,000 per vote and if you count 20,000 per vote in 5 years, it still costs only 4,000 per year per voter. 4,000 tyngka in three months per voter costs only 400 tyngka per month and if counted per day per voter costs only about 1000 tyngka per day.
About two houses were set on fire and collapsed in Imphal on Friday evening after a shooting in Khamenlok area, leaving nine people dead and 10 others injured. .
Other speakers were Ma Bichar Shylla, Oriland Shylla and urged the people to fight against plastic waste to protect the environment.
Dr.P Sohlang AH & Veterinary Officer said that according to the report received, the incident happened in Tiehsaw Nongstoin and so far the number of dead pigs has risen to typically.
Speaking to reporters, Hek said that 21 people have tested positive for Covid-19 today, 13 cases from East Khasi Hills District, 2 cases from CRPF, Two BSF personnel and nine civilians, seven from Ribhoi District and one from West Jaintia Hills.
If you want to change for your own benefit, it will change and if you want to bring about change for the future of the future, it will change,” he said.
Shillong, July 02: The State Government today transferred Idashisha Nongrang, IPS from the post of Special Director General of Police to the post of Director General of Civil Defense and Home Guard.
The report shall clearly state how the establishment of the factory(ies) will affect the environment.
The school, in addition to the festivals, has opened a new school building and recreation areas under the MLA scheme, in collaboration with the private sector to help with the expenses.
According to sources, Namera Sangma and two women on the 30th of July, went to the Hagrapara River to catch snails.
Police have immediately rushed to the PHC to conduct investigation.
Nongpoh: After the expiry of the term of office of the Village Officers, Pahamrioh Village Authority in Ri Bhoi District, has held a new election for the full Village Office Bearers and in this election for the re-election of the Village Office Officers, Bah Korbarson Suting , the former Rangbah Shnong, has been re-elected as the Rangbah Shnong and Bah Donroy Ksiar, has been re-elected as the Secretary of the Shnong.
The reason why these auto drivers have temporarily stopped working is after they can no longer cope with the problems they face, because the road itself does not have a good time. The deterioration of the road has not only caused problems to the drivers, but also to the passengers and especially to the school children and students, who study in the universities in the area. region.
It is also quoted from the Bible, which says, “Owe no man any thing, but to love one another: for he that loveth another hath fulfilled the law.” Paul the Apostle to the Romans, chapter 13:8
He said that the government will provide assistance for the construction of buildings at Pyrda, Ialong, to beautify the Behdienkhlam temple in a proper manner and to promote culture.
Monitoring Officer & Ex-Officio, Deputy Secretary, Planning Department, Crosspillar Marak, Sub-Divisional Agriculture Officer, Agriculture Department, U Bah Aiban Swer, Assistant Soil Conservation Officer, Soil & Water Conservation Department, and Sweetiena K Rajee, Superintendent, Valentina Shylla, UD Assistant, Jowai, Howard N Arengh, UD Assistant, Water Resources Department, Shillong, Barisha Lyngdoh, UD Assistant, Forest & Environment Department, Deity Devi Myrthong, Auxiliary Nurse Midwife, Umjarain Sub Center, O/o DMHO, West Khasi Hills, Nongstoin, Jubilee E Lyngdoh, Auxiliary Nurse Midrtun Sub Center, Law Center Ranjan Chakraborty, LD Assistant, Mawiong, Shanti Lata Sangma, Head Assistant, Ampati U Arun Rai, Bearer, Denister Marbaniang, Peon, O/o The Child Development Officer, ICDS, Mawphlang and Nur Mohammad, Driver, Health Department PRCH , Shillong.
Speaking on his fish farming, he said that from each ksing, he collects about three times a year and from each ksing, he gets about seven fish. kilos and you have about 16 ksing.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 17: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes IAS, today informed all the residents of West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoiñ, that the Government of India through the Ministry of of Petroleum and Natural Gas, has launched Free LPG Connection to all households in the name of BPL women, through the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana (PMUY) 3.0 Scheme which has been implemented in all households. one of India.
He said that Dr Mukul Sangma has become a supporter of others to sit on the throne.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Executive Committee of the FKJGP South West Khasi Hills will hold a meeting on the 21st of this month at 11 am at the Church of God LP/UP School, Mawkyrwat.
Shillong, Naitung, 10: U MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday suggested to the Electricity Department of the State Government to change the blackout time in the state. that the blackout from midnight to morning is an opportunity for criminals and puts the families in the villages in insecurity.
The Government of Meghalaya has started the evacuation of its residents, especially students, from Manipur from Thursday.
In Meghalaya, four MLAs failed to vote.
Some believe that foods high in sugar are protective against diabetes.
The meeting was enriched by songs and dances by the young and old students as well as singing by the teachers.
“The principle of ethnic identity has also been tried to be implemented during the settlement of the boundary dispute in Block I and II. presence of Mikir and non-Mikir communities.
Today's matches are: Group A, Shillong – Umrit, 3rd; Group B, Jowai – Mulait United vs Rymbai Iawpynsing, 2:30 pm; Group D, Tura – Matgrik vs Selsella Sports Association, 3 pm.
Kick Start beat Mawkriah West SC 6-0 in Group A, while Synroplang beat Kharang SC 5-0 in Group B. These matches will not help the teams to continue their journey in the tournament as the four teams have already been determined to qualify for the semi finals. Mawkriah West and Kharang are in a position to score their first three points, while Kick Start and Synroplang are on their way. to improve your points in the Group table.
If I bring something into the market and sell it to you, I have to ensure that there should be safety measures taken," said the Minister. ".
On the other hand, he encouraged the farmers who came to this day and that is that he told the public that the government itself, has taken care to meet the needs of the farmers.
They also said that it is time for the people of Nongstoiñ to create ways and means to make the water in these streams clean and suitable for drinking.
In my schooling from childhood to youth, I found that there were only three truly talented teachers.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Shillong Premier League 2023 on Saturday ended in a draw between Mawlai SC and Ryntih SC. one by one until the end of time.
The statement said that those who are not counted can come to our beloved Ri Khasi.
Their ability to read the news also increases their understanding of the issues.
The new cases include EGH: 27 (Others), EJH: 09 (Others), EKH: 152 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force-07, Others-145), NGH: 40 (Others), RBD : 31 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –02, Others–29), SGH: 15 (Others), SWGH: 36 (Others), SWKH: 27 (Others), WGH: 69 (Others), WJH: 17 (Others) and WKH: 25 (Others).
The meeting focused on the preservation of the religion and culture of the people.
The remains of Iranian President Ebrahim Raisi, Foreign Minister Hossein Amir-Abdollahian and others were found on Tuesday after a long search. many hours that began on Sunday.
The refusal to provide information is like hiding the truth that the media should disseminate to the public.
He said the district council should allocate funds for the cleaning of the market.
Perhaps now we have to listen first to increase the number of MLAs and when we get the seat, we will see how to do it.
The Meghalaya Collectives of the Government of Meghalaya, is an exhibition of the production of Meghalaya's food products which is superior to that of other countries in the world.
The opening ceremony was concluded with the swearing-in ceremony led by Wandahunshisha Mawblei, the best Karate player of MKA.
“The people have just elected their leaders, even the throne is not clean, now the same people should come to the Secretariat to sit on the ground. “It is his duty to be the advocate for the people so that you can continue to earn a living,” he added.
He also urged and encouraged the students to follow and implement the training they have received during the two days so that they can better understand what they should do and how to they should act like students.
The DC has informed that from tomorrow, October 2, 2023, which is the day of MLA voting, all those who used to sell on the sidewalks are not allowed to sit and sell. since the proclamation of this law.
, she shows, the face of a smile.
He said that on his part, he cannot say the demand for an extension of the deadline because this decision was taken by the higher authorities.
Even if coal is mined by scientific methods, theft of coal will continue because the thieves know their way.
If we want justice, it will come and we should not talk nonsense as leaders and their demand is wrong,” she said.
These include the ILP, the inclusion of Khasi in the 5th Schedule, Inter State Border and International Border, the problem of coal mining due to the NGT ban, the demand for the introduction of Digital Education. , improvement of agriculture and livestock, tourism, power sector and improvement of health.
The incident was confirmed by a video showing Colonel Yuri Medvedev being taken to hospital on a stretcher with serious injuries. part of your feet.
The fourth reason is the lack of political parties who are willing to give the right hand to the people rather than statesman candidates.
Shillong, Lber 17: U Bah Marbud Dkhar President of FKJGP Mawlai Circle on Tuesday said, “We are surprised that our MLA has not agreed to talk about the Mawlai Block which has not been opened to the public yet. days".
The Government of India has renamed the Department of Human Resource Development (HRD) as the Department of Education. people or human resource.
In the second half, Se Lajong scored the first goal.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh said that he had earlier received information from the President of the MPCC that the General Secretary of the AICC in charge of the state would visit the state on the 12th and 13th but he was informed that he did not come. more now.
The HYC has urged the family of this man not to lose hope but to trust in God for all this who has a plan for every human being.
He recalled that the Government of India did not create a full state at first, but created an Autonomous State.
At that coming of Jesus, the period of 1000 years will be the time when the earth will be filled with the knowledge of the Lord.
On the other hand, the GS of KSU Lapangap Unit, Samla Saikial Sumer, strongly criticized the CEM for his unfounded statement that he can only explain when he never visits the border areas to see and The MACs (Members of Autonomous Council) of KAAC from Assam who visit and visit the border from time to time.
The Christmas feast is not new in this village and in other Khasi villages because every Christmas there is a Christmas feast together even though the rituals are according to their own beliefs.
Therefore – they shall see things which the eye of the flesh has never seen, which have never come into the heart of man. These are the things which God (the Father) has prepared for those who love him. IA U.1 Corinthians 2:9.
St. Joseph's Higher Secondary School and Parish, which used to provide educational, social and development services to all the ethnic groups including the Kuki-Zo, Naga, Meitei and others, has turned around. The Holy Redeemer Church in the grounds of the Catholic School in Canchipur, the Regional Pastoral Training Center and St. Paul's Parish in Sangaiprou have been destroyed. total damage.
Mondal said that some private individuals have sent their proposals to the electricity department regarding their willingness to accept to build electricity projects within 25 MW. The Umngot project, which was supposed to generate about 210 MW of electricity, has been suspended due to the opposition of the land owners who farm along the Umngot River.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 03: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated two roads at Lum Nongthymmai and Lumnongrim Byrnihat. Byrnihat and also on the same day the foundation stone for the construction of the Multi Facilitation Center was laid.
One day last year, he sent me a gift with an iPhone, jewelry and other items.
On the other hand, Mukul Sangma denied the allegation that the Meghalaya Preventive Detention Act and the Meghalaya Maintenance of Public Order Act are corrupt laws and said that those who preach against them are people. who intend to mislead the public.
The third edition of the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) Athlete Biological Passport (ABP) Symposium-2022 was held from 12 to 14 March, 2022 in New Delhi.
Please remove the PDF from the government.
They expressed their surprise at the reply received from the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek who informed them that the government will conduct the examination again because no one has requested information through RTI. and thou shalt be ashamed of thy shiliang.
When Mar Phalangki went to the Rilum areas at Nartiang, he found that this village was in the middle of the Rilum Hima of the Syiem of Jaintiapur. and especially the fall of the right limb of Goddess Durga was sufficient for the King to make it the capital of Lyiur, because the King of Jaintiapur was a Hindu.
The Supreme Court's decision not to base the reservation for OBCs on population does not affect the ST/SC but it should not increase the total reservation by more than 50%. of OBCs at 27%.
When asked about the opinion of the shopkeepers, they said that when there are no people walking upstairs, they open their shops when there are no buyers. I don't want the workers to be sick.
The mother of the mountain gave them the khiewja khiew jyntah.
Shillong, July 04 : The Mawkynrew Cup Committee (MCC) will kick off the 3rd Mawkynrew Cup 2022-23 on the 27th July 2022 at the Mawleiñ Football Ground. .
The SLWM is one of the nine schemes implemented by the government to keep villages in the country clean and is also linked to the Total Sanitation Campaign (TSC).
The Dorbar Shnong Ladthadlaboh, Jowai has honored Dr. WR Kharlukhi for his victory as MP Rajya Sabha.
He said that the Seng Samla has written to the VEC three times to provide an explanation according to the RTI but they have not responded.
Another part that the government through the department should do is to provide financial support or scholarships to those whom it selects for special training as in other states such as Manipur.
On 27th June 2015, the Meghalaya High Court (MHC) has issued an order banning the media from publishing news on the curfews and road blockades of the political parties. The order came after the HNLC called a curfew in connection with the Village Administration Bill (VAB).
CYC Mowkaiaw, who won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 146 runs in 23.5 overs.
In fact, the game, all these were very powerful because the ball ran without rest due to the fierce struggle to score the goal.
During the programme, the women sang traditional songs to welcome them back to the traditional faith.
According to the villagers, these two men had gone to guard the rice fields because there were mynder from Bangladesh who used to enter the rice fields on the border to steal. he went to Bri.
Amit Shah said it was necessary to resolve differences of opinion on the border between the states.
Chief Secretary Donald P. Wahlang who was the Chief Guest, leaders of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association including Working President John F. Kharshiing and General Secretary Finely L Pariat. and others.
These clothes vendors expressed their suffering and said that they earn only shiphew or arphew tyngka.
Shillong, Nailar 28 : U Prime Minister Narendra Modi today distributed more than 51,000 appointment letters to newly appointed candidates through video conferencing.
The decision was taken at a meeting of the North East Region's Convention on the Citizenship Amendment Bill held in Guwahati, Assam.
Speaking as the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the 25th Anniversary of Nora Evalyn Higher Secondary School, Qualapaty, u Bah Paul said, “The family, the school and the church are the three foundation stones. to lead to the path of the future in one's life".
One of these projects is the construction and cleaning of the bridge between Rilbong Community Hall and Umshyrpi Bridge in Rilbong, Shillong at a cost of T.4,35,56,0
The CEO, DEOs and SPs have already visited the 14 polling stations at the East Khasi Hills Counting Center at Polo Ground, Shillong. West Garo Hills District has 11 polling stations in 11 Assembly constituencies and is the second largest polling station in the state.
Senegal will face Ecuador on the same day and time.
Also present on the occasion were Biangbor L. Paliar, Vice President of KSU Sengkmie, Pynshaiborlang Rani Publicity Secretary, Assistant General Secretary Ready Stone Nongrum, Ferdynald Kharkamni President NKHD Unit, James H Mawphniang General Secretary NKHD. Paiem Miwel Shadap, Chief of Raid Nongtung, President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung, Bah Blickstar Sohtun, and members of KSU NKHD Unit. and members of KSU Raid Nongtung Circle.
The funeral service will be held on 07/07/2022 at 1:00 pm at the RC Dongpynche Mukhla Cemetery.
Nongpoh, March 10: In preparation for the 2023 Assembly elections, the two ethnic parties, the HSPDP and the United Democratic Party (UDP), have held a meeting today. The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) has been formed in Bhoirymbong today to prepare for the 2023 elections.
Regarding the government's request to provide training to the VHCs (Village Health Councils) to work while the ASHAs are on strike, Kong Myrsing said the government has started to provide training to the VHCs (Village Health Councils). ASHAs and the community.
“This shows the lack of COVID check points of the government at Byrnihat and Mawiong view points.
It is not appropriate for a senior officer of the Central Government of India to make such remarks which could cause division and ethnic discrimination, said the MeTTA. “These remarks in the newspapers are incompatible and unacceptable with the work of teachers in which the Pro-Vce Chancellor also falls in the same category,” said the statement. Earlier, the Pro Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Dr Henry Lamin, who is in charge of the NEHU, said that the demand of the NEHU teachers to re-implement the HASA is not in the hands of NEHU but in the hands of the Central Government which has abolished it.
However, the union is saddened to see that many of such training centres, come out only to extort money from many children who are ill by deceiving and calling them in many ways.
Speaking to media, the President of KHNAM-State Youth Wing, Bah Thomas Passah said that the Government of India and the 25 States in India have already abolished the personal interview for the Group B, C and D since 2016 but it is only in Meghalaya that the Government has not been able to do anything on this.
He said that the suspect has a bad record especially in drug trafficking, and he was supposed to appear in court on Tuesday in connection with his involvement in drug trafficking. drugs.
The increase in knowledge and prosperity here and there is another sign of the days before the coming of the Lord.
They think that what they do or think is right, but it is not so.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: Police of Madanrting Police Station today raided the residence of Raj Kumar Thapa in Madanrting Village – Block D and seized 2 tins of Golden Tobacco containing 10 grams of heroin. Raj Kumar Thapa and Smt Lalremruati Colney, 21, were arrested. Police are investigating the incident.
The players of the Meghalaya Police Football Team (MLFT) have expressed their disappointment that they will no longer be able to play especially in the Shillong Premier League as the police authorities have decided to disband the team.
In this meeting, the Deputy Commissioner, Bah Garod LSN Dykes promised to send the complaint to the Government to look into the matter so that the people can be happy in relation to the PMAY scheme. Two more cases of covid-19 have been confirmed in Ri Bhoi District, Conrad Sangma said on Twitter and Facebook tonight.
The report said that besides the abandoned places like Shakti Mills where a woman was raped in the past 40 years by three drug addicts, there were others. other areas in the city have been abandoned and have become havens for drug traffickers and drug users.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong on 15th November said that the state government will soon convene a meeting with all the stakeholders to discuss the issue. The letter was sent by the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) following the passage of the MRSSAB,
For example, if people have problems with the fire, they can complain and the relevant authorities will immediately take action,” he said.
Although these social agreements have not reached anywhere, the race to develop and produce weapons of mass destruction between countries is increasingly intense.
Rev. Bishop Purely Lyngdoh said that the SAFF has already discussed the SOPs before opening all churches and places of worship.
Shillong: After a clash between four political parties, on the night of 24th November 2022, the residents of Shillong city have clashed to knieh thep and fill the petrol tanks. Assam has banned the supply of petrol to Meghalaya.
Thank you for sending this Announcement.MCAB Ltd, Mawsynram Branch.
The MIMHANS and other health facilities are in need of Government support.
Khliehriat, March 20 : The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat has urged the residents of the district including those who belong to societies, companies, corporations, organizations and others who have registered to SHGs, Village Organizations, Producer Groups and others who have not yet registered with the State Government to apply for the CM-ELEVATE Program supported by the State Government. and to promote various activities.
Nongshillong School won the women's football tournament while St Joseph School won the men's football tournament.
“Yes, we may have less MLAs but in terms of votes, we get more votes compared to other political parties.
In addition, the Village Authorities appeal to the Forest Department, Tourism, Sports and Youth Affairs, Veterinary, Fishery, Industry, Agriculture, Horticulture and other government departments to join hands to develop the village. the village of Sangriang through its inhabitants.
There are 24,626 coal mines in Jaintia Hills and 52 coal mines per square kilometer.
“There should be no negligence, look at Assam, UP, if there are illegal films, look only at Assam...they are stupid.
Dr. Bhogtoram Mawroh (Public Intellectual)6.
In a statement, the union through Bah JC Cajee, Chairman, said that it will revive the Uplifter Open to All Tennis Ball Cricket League which was held in the past and will also hold a tournament. Football, Basketball and other programs in the coming months.
Shillong, June 16: The Eco-Friendly Students' Union (ESU) Meghalaya, which was established on 29th October 2014, has sworn in to clean up the city. The meeting was attended by RG Lyngdoh, Vice Chancellor, Martin Luther University.
The Office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai in collaboration with the Office of the District Sports Officer and the District Sports Promotion Society will hold the Run for Unity race as a sign of solidarity. haha haka on March 31,
“The SP has promised to take the necessary action and will inform us from time to time,” said Bah Synrem. what he did about this complaint.
However, within a few hours, while the union was issuing licenses and closing shops, police arrived at the scene and there was some talk between the police and the leaders of the union. The license has been suspended.
“The MDA-1 government has shown its ability to work well in Garo Hills.
The members of the village court condemned the action of the dolloi and urged the office of the RO of JHADC to look into the proposal to change the LHC pata in the village.
In West Jaintia Hills, 14 cases have been screened, in Psiar, 13 cases and in North Garo Hills, one case has been screened.
The dance was held at Langbha Square of Thadrang village and it was a peaceful dance although there was very little participation in the dance, due to some reasons of border dispute in these days, but Every year, this dance is very popular because of the large number of dancers, both men and women, who dance around it.
Due to the severity of his injuries, Sahil died on Friday night.
And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.
Parades gave Argentina a 3-1 lead on penalties.
Jesus said, Verily I say unto you, They have their reward.
The 1st Meghalaya Invitational FIDE Chess Tournament 2023 organized by the Meghalaya Chess Association (MAC) came to an end on Saturday at the Sri Aurobindo Institute of Indian Culture, Shillong.
However, in ancient times, when the Pyllait Sanshyieng happened, it was understood that the Khun were taken by the Kur because the Khasi man did not go to Ïingbriew! The man is outside the Kur Kynthei, and remains in his own Kur because the Son is led by the Son! Now, what era? Isn't the current behavior in Khasi society the result of interaction with other ethnic groups? We have reached the age of “Father-Mother-Children” where the Kur can no longer distribute land to its fellow Kurs.
The party through its President Samla Jersom Shylla has made it clear that it will cooperate with any political party that comes forward to demand the ILP and the party is ready to come forward for the cause of the people and the party. They demanded that the Central Government should exempt the entire state from the CAA, as the CAA is still affecting the state, as there are areas which do not fall under the schedule area.
There is a mythological group led by the Pyrtashla Mooar, the Aikylla Rngai, the Akher Kiengatiar and others who have worked hard to improve the society.
He said the reason is that the youth in our country are irresponsible for their own lives and another is poverty which forces the youth especially women to marry without being married. it is time, in their view, to get rid of those problems.
L.Rymbai from Wapung village, East Jaintia Hills District, is one of the candidates from the 6th Khliehriat Constituency. to bring about change and clean governance, so the public awareness campaign has been conducted in various villages within the 6-Khliehriat Constituency to raise awareness among the people on the need for a A Clean Politics is also known as 'A Clean Politics'
Shillong, July : The Joint Director of Health Services (SS), Shillong, on Tuesday said that there are four bodies in the morgue of the hospital. don't come until now.
Earlier, they also visited the scene of the shooting and found that the scene falls within the border of Meghalaya.
When asked about the Congress' intention to charge sheet against the MDA government, Rymbui said, “The MPCC president now wants to be a complainant, an investigator, a lawyer and a judge. the people shall judge the word.
When they entered the premises, they found that they had stolen the electricity.
He said that now that the election is approaching, the candidates have been lymbub in the funeral homes while in previous years it has never been seen that the candidates from other parties have given financial assistance to the children's birthday parties. kids.
On another occasion, a dairy cow owner said that he has 18 cows in the country and 4 cows have died. 18,20 liters of milk per day but now only 5 liters of milk per day we don't want to give it to people because we are afraid of it. touch the milk.
After a hard work by all the players, in the 90th minute, Laitkor SC had a golden opportunity to turn the tide through Risuklang Malngiang.
The woman was sitting in the public seat to listen to the story of Father Marcelo Rossi, but when he said these words, she got up from her seat and went straight to the man. the Father.
Those who have announced the results should have taken or taught the new text books while those who followed the government's announcement should have taught the same old text books.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the NPP-led MDA government has launched a new program for the development of farmers, FOCUS. more than 4.5 lakh farmers in the state.
“For the Lord shall send the gospel to the earth, and shall finish it, and make an end of it” (Romans 9:28-29).
He said that 1334 people have attended the MBDA explanation meetings in 63 villages in 36 clusters in 26 meetings to explain these bridges.
“I take this opportunity to write that the government will conduct a separate investigation into this incident in Wah Umiew which has not been revealed for many years.
Only the people of Laitkroh area are against the proposal to abolish this constituency.
Various skills of the school children were also showcased in their songs, dances and dances showing the lifestyle of the residents of Mawlang.
“When we train and involve ourselves in sports, we can avoid many evil deeds that destroy human life”, said C.Kharkongngor, IAS. Kitborlang Nongrem, one of the youth leaders of the area, Bah HS Diengdoh, President and office bearers of the South West Khasi Hills District Swimming Association (SWKHDSA).
They can think and speak freely without fear.
It is necessary that we connect from the air to other parts of the country especially in terms of transportation and tourism development.
Indeed, in the past few days, I have read in the newspapers and seen in the digital newspapers about the statement of Bah Alexander Hek, MLA Pynthorumkhrah, against the speech of Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA and Minister, the speech of Speaker Draupadi Murmu in front of the ruling NDA candidate Draupadi Murmu for the Presidential election of India.
The launch was held at Kuliang BOP in the presence of other BSF officials including 2nd ICs Birendra Singh, DT Haokip and Deputy Commandant, Movie Zingkhai, Rangbah Shnongs from different villages. The Indo-Bangla border is not in the Umkiang area.
In this regard, the Minister said that the department does not say that it has completely curbed the illegal sale of liquor but it has worked hard to curb it and for this reason the illegal sale has decreased from 1,000 to of 300–200.
Shillong, March 10: There has been an error in the winners of two matches of the Samkhamti Veteran Cup.
“It is the duty of the court to ensure that such leaders should be prosecuted.
The Party has pledged to continue talks with the Government of India to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India and to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya. which shall be approved by the Legislative Assembly.
“You don't mind if we go to the restaurant for a drink,” he said and pointed to a small restaurant near a beauty parlour. and the wiat smiled.
Bah Ricky Majaw, said that until now, the union does not want to expose the villages that issue NOCs to foreigners and the union has put a strong understanding that if the villages continue to issue NOCs to foreigners, The NOC is not available in other states.
Who tempts: This passage touches a lot of thoughts but what is clear is that it is Satan who tempts us human beings and he is the source of temptations.
The project is a specially constructed water treatment plant and is currently under construction on a remote area from which it can easily deliver water to the villages and farmland of the village and which can accommodate up to 10 lakh people. liters of water.
Goyal said the maintenance of the dams is through the Dam Rehabilitation and Improvement Project (DRIP) funded by the World Bank which will end in
Nongpoh, November 20: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Northern Region (HNYF) Northern Region on Saturday under the leadership of its President , Bah Marcus Marten, accompanied by the Vice-President of the HNYF, Bah Skan Rani and leaders from different circles of Ri Bhoi District, visited the KHADC to clean up the mawpud. Speaking to reporters, Bah Marten said that as an organization that looks after the welfare of Ri Bhoi District, they have taken the This step is to clean up the foundation stone, as well as to repair the broken sign “Welcome to Meghalaya”, so that the public especially the tourists from all over the world can know and see where it started. It is located in the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, March 06 : The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) today inaugurated the newly constructed cricket ground at St Anthony's Mini Stadium, Shillong. St Anthony's School Cricket Academy by providing more jars and also to improve the practice grounds among others.
C.Pynsakhiat Yeini Kyndiah July 12, 2020 The Phali is the answer to the question, Wow, the answer to the Son of the Father.
According to the Shillong Municipal Board, up to 184 government employees and their relatives have been recognized as permitted residents.
Shillong, Nailur 3: The book launch ceremony was held at Synod College on 3rd September 2013 at 3 pm, at the Conference Hall of the College.
He said that there are still concerns here and there and therefore, the Government has not been able to put forward a proposal for the introduction of a freight railway.
The family members and the entire Lyngdoh Nonglait clan express their deep sorrow over this incident.
The club will also open a media center named after former general secretary Anjan Mitra.
Therefore, we are now discussing to include in this Act only the Ancestral Property or Spah Nongtymmen which is inherited by the parents and not the Nongtymmen which belongs to the kur.
Shillong, Lber 13 : The High Court of Meghalaya has ordered the state government to punish according to the rules of law those involved in the illegal coal burning factories or Coke Factories.
There is also a problem that local taxis which take advantage of passengers, especially in the evening, do not operate and charge high prices in crowded places like Motphran and No way, because the drivers want people to send them to get the high price.
The meeting was attended by students of various schools in Pammanik, teachers of these schools and residents of Pammanik.
It is worth mentioning that 10 political parties have been holding protests since November till date to demand the implementation of the ILP in the state to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners which is a threat to the land owners.
“However, this is a wake-up call to the people of the state and the North East that they should trust and love the ethnic groups to escape the danger,” said Allantry.
It may be recalled that the Voice of the People Party has expressed its desire to affect the reservation policy to address the shortcomings, and has made it clear that it is not against the roster system.
Ma Rymbui said that the state government, in 2019, has allocated T.78 crore from the corpus fund to pay the salaries of SSA teachers. I'm sorry for the teachers...I'm the biggest enemy of the teachers,,I've forgotten that I've already dismissed 1000 teachers of govt LP school.
At the same time, the Governor said that the completion of the signage on the India-Bangladesh border is necessary and the state government has been monitoring this with the central government.
"Black money and corruption have spread in the country and this is the biggest challenge to eradicate poverty, we have taken many measures to bring back stolen money" Modi said.
They include the Mynriang, Myn-i, Umlong, Ummryntih, Umteli, Umshara, Umbaso, Umpu and others.
Nongpoh: The murder of Ramu Ingty (32) from Narbong village in Byrnihat district, Ri Bhoi, has shocked many people. They were not afraid or afraid, they talked exactly to the family members through the Phun and urged the family members of the youth to come and take the body. they had already killed.
He said he was grateful to the Minority Affairs Ministry under the leadership of Abbas for accepting the government's request to provide this most important project in the state.
Mairang, March 04: The President of the VPP, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, on Tuesday said that there are some MLAs who after seeing that some of their supporters have attended the meetings of the VPP and also to The Nongkrem MLA said this while speaking at a meeting of the Seng in Nongkhlaw and Umthlong which was held today. organized by the Mairang VPP.
This has caused many villages and families to suffer just because of party differences.
In the second leg, Lamlynti FC (Madanlyngkhi) beat Mawklot SC 3-0 goals. Ricky Mawlong scored the third goal for Lamlynti FC in the 5th minute. then by Batskhem Thongnirit (20min) and lastly by Pyrkhatjanai Kharkongor in the 70th minute.
They said that this road connects many villages to reach the health centers in Nartiang especially the poor women to get treatment.
"And until these days I used to sing and sing but I don't remember all these things but ONLY our beloved KHASI LAND.
He said that during the raid, police recovered a DBBL rifle, six shotguns, a pistol, 22 and 7.65 rounds of ammunition and documents of the group.
Dr LR Bishnoi, IPS Director General of Police, Meghalaya was the chief guest in the presence of Bikram D. Marak MPS Superintendent of Police, WJHD, Dr AR Pasweth, Psychiatrist, Dr. Jowai Civil Hospital Ialong Police Officers and school children who came to receive training from this programme.
On this occasion, it was also seen that the Kuki, Zo, and Vaiphei communities who took part in this meeting were dressed in iong clothes as a sign of their sorrow over the bloodshed between the Kuki and the Meitei. in Manipur.
In his speech, Bah LT Tariang, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, said that the Self Help Groups through the NRLM have been able to bring about many changes in the families, society and in the country. He encouraged and encouraged them to continue to work harder to do other great things in the development of the community such as the development of tourism and marketing. to those outside the state.
Section 21 of the Air Pollution Act, 1981, which prohibits the mining of coal, which may cause dust or pollution, has also been implemented. The State Pollution Control Board.
On the part of the Unitarian Church, a special speech was delivered by Rev Derick Pariat who spoke on the teachings of the Unitarian Church as founded by Rev. Hajom Nisor Singh.
It is not easy to take on the role of parent because the responsibilities are many.
Shillong, Naitung 8 : Nine persons were seriously injured when a night supper bus (AS 01 NC 2524) overturned at Gomaijira village, West Garo Hills due to overspeeding.
The Deputy Commissioner, Garod LSN Dykes, said that he will convene a meeting between the BSF and the BDO Amlarem office regarding the allegation of Bangladeshis crossing the border in Muktapur and disrupting the smooth running of development works under the scheme The DC said this in a complaint by the KSU War Jaintia Circle on Friday regarding the allegation that the BGB troops and Bangladeshi residents on the border have joined hands to cross the border into Muktapur village and cut down farmland. The KSU has destroyed and burnt down the road on the 4th of this month.
Foods rich in omega-3 fatty acids include fish, seeds and walnuts.
The Army said it continues to step up its patrols and conduct searches to curb smuggling into Bangladesh.
The policeman was sent for medical examination and doctors of Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong confirmed that he was drunk.
“Many of us don't understand the hard work of the JAC where the leaders have to leave behind their own jobs and spend time for the welfare of the people and this is not an easy task. , I remember that we had a meeting with the leaders of Narpuh Border Area JAC, together with Kong Santa Mary Shylla who came to demand this C&RD Block. “It's a good idea to improve the lives of the people of the area,” said Conrad Sangma.
In the Under-14 category, H. Elias Memorial High School Sohra beat St. John Bosco Boys High School Sohra 7-0
Shillong, July 16 : In several of the sports events, there were also youngsters who came to take part, who were some of the stars of sports and who led the country, such as Wandahun-shisha Mawblei in Karate, Kyrshanbor R.Songthiang in Wushu in the event.
The union includes factory owners, shopkeepers using electrical equipment such as quarrying machines, car builders, steel makers, household appliance makers and others.
Others who attended the ceremony included the Chairman of Umnsing Town Durbar, Bah Rocky Kylla, Bah R.Khonghat, Rangbah Shnong Umsning Proper A, Bah Rocky Marwein. , Rangbah Shnong of Umsning Proper B, M.Kharnaior, President of Umsning Pyllun Women's Association, Margret Pathaw, world famous wrestler and other village leaders and elders.
In this regard, Kong Lyngdoh said that she has received many trainings from her father (Bah PG Marbaniang), brother (Bah RG Lyngdoh) and sister (Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh).
Other issues included in the petition include the creation of opportunities to provide special assistance to the pig farmers in the state, the creation of opportunities to bring in a special market in the state; They expressed their satisfaction that the Minister has promised to take action on these issues of the pig farmers of the state.
When the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo states were included in Meghalaya, the goal was that the Khasi language would stand firmly, while the Garo language would not be recognized. than it will rise in any direction.
He also said that some of them have been uploaded to YouTube.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Teibor recalled that the visit to Nongpathaw Um Shyllong has been inspected long ago and the Detailed Project Report has been submitted. the sanction.
We call for change from all sides, whether the people, the Seng Bhalang or the private sector.
These amino acids are structured like characters that form words.
At the meeting, the MDCs requested Bah Adelbert to cancel his plan to die because of the government's failure to approve the VAB. Adelbert said he can extend his term to the government but he will not back down from his decision.
“Referring to the statement that the Congress has taken time to announce its position on the Roster System, the Mawhati MLA said that they have taken time because this issue needs to be thoroughly considered. it is not to be decided hastily.
The CoRP has found this fact in the village and has expressed its anger over the lack of attention of the state government to implement the Sub center which has been built since 2009, and it is clear that it is only The sub center has not been implemented for more than five years.
N Nirmala Chanu of Manipur won the bronze medal in the snatch with 58 kilos while in the C&J with 70 kilos and a total of 128 kilos.
The JAC of Sohiong Hima on the 11th of this month, had come to the KHADC to demand the removal of the Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima, Bah Shemphang Thabah. Members of the JAC stormed the gate of the Council.
The loss of mobile phones from our homes is increasing and this is very worrying and some of our youngsters have become addicted to drugs and have taken these devices. cheap goods and sell them at a low price just to get a little money to buy drugs.
In the tragic incident which happened on the morning of 19th June at about 8:30 pm, two youths lost their lives after the vehicle they were riding to church overturned. .
The house of her sister was also damaged.
“It is my responsibility as Chairman to conduct the dorbar at the end,” he said.
The player will turn 32 in October and has missed nine games this season due to injury.
The UCC Bill does not fall under the Concurrent List and if it is necessary to enact and implement it, the Central Government cannot force it without the approval of the State Governments.
It is worth mentioning that there has been a heated verbal battle between the two parties in preparation for the upcoming elections on the 10th of this month.
During the visit, it was learned that there was only one driver, who was infected with coronavirus and he was a driver and not a resident of Lyngkhat.
HANM has demanded that the government should provide an explanation within 15 days, and has directed all the people not to register until they have received an explanation from the government.
On the same day, the KSU Mawïongrim Unit also confirmed the new office bearers of the KSU Mawïongrim Unit for the term 2024-2 President Biangbor L. Paliar, Sports Secretary Eric Nongkynrih, Assistant Secretary Mawlai Circle Donboklang Sawkmie, Assistant Finance Secretary Robert Khongsit and others.
He said that if the amendment of sub sections 8 and 16 of Section 5 of the VAB is against the Constitution, then why is there the Reservation Policy, the Scheduled Tribe Status, the United Khasi Act? -Jaintia Trading By Non-Tribals Regulation, 1954.
It is not only the Khasi who understand, we Karbi also understand and everyone who understands but who speaks like that is a misunderstanding.
Speeches were also delivered by Samla B. Sohlang President Mihngi Eco-Social Development Association and Samla S. Dohtdong President Umjapung Youth Club and Centre.
He said that if the KSU continues to delay in this regard, it will put pressure on the Government, and the KSU will continue to build houses and increase the number of indigenous people. and they shall dwell therein.
Nongstoiñ: A woman from Mawthungkper village, West Khasi Hills District, who is also mentally retarded, has been raped by another man for a long time until she gave birth to a child. he was a daughter.
This road is currently a dirt road and has been built by the MLA of the area to allow the residents to walk and transport the farmers in the area, but during the rainy season it is difficult for the farmers to walk and stand. kane to the street.
There are about 20 people working in this field in Umtyngar area alone.
The RTI reply informed that up to T.86,16,027 has been spent on MEDC, T.1,72,31,682 on MREGC and T.3,27,780 on RPDC only for the payment of Chairmen, Vice-Chairmen. Chairperson, Co-Chairmen and Deputy Chairmen of these Councils such as Honorarium, Conveyances Allowance, House Rent Allowance, Hospitality Charges, Electricity Charges, TA/DA, Maintenance of Furniture and others.
He also called the decision of the EC as a British Raj which led Kiang Nangbah to fight against the British government only for the sake of tax collection and religious conflict.
This has clearly shown the inability to protect and strengthen the MOU signed by our Chief Minister and the Chief Minister of Assam.
However, the decision to end the festival on Sunday has sparked protests from some groups, who argue that Sunday is a holy day for the majority of Christians in the State. .
As soon as the body arrived, all the people were gathered there.
In 2016-17, the government received more than T.40.8 lakh.
Answer: For the first time, terrorism is defined in detail in this Act.
The evil one works hard to build strongholds in me and in you and uses his scientific methods.
The program was accompanied by a group of motorcycle drivers and members of the MFA who marched through the streets of the city with a Flash Mob.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 85021 and out of these 83324 have recovered and 1485 have died.
The union has demanded that the government should make Tura the capital and the headquarters of the government during the rainy season.
In another incident, a motorcycle driver escaped death after being hit by the tires of another dumper near the same place.
In the Indian round, Larilang Lyngdoh, Leonaldo Lyngdoh, Happystarboy Nongseij and Marshal Pariong won.
On my part, from the MDC scheme for the 2020-2021 fiscal year, I will get more and more support to you,” said Bah Pyniaid.
“There are people who say that if you stay with the HSPDP you will get others who will join but I will tell you that that is true but what I will do is that I have already joined and taken the decision from the fans," he added.
As Tongsoh grew older, she grew in happiness.
Speeches were also delivered by the Rangbah Shnong who was elected on the occasion, who expressed his satisfaction after the people were able to empower him again as the Head of the Shnong.
“The BJP supporters may not vote for the Congress but they will undoubtedly vote for Pala.
All these wrestlers are still in the tournament and also to complete their journey in the current Asian Wrestling Championship by qualifying for the medal table.
Expressing the need for cooperation between different states, the DGP said that by taking advantage of technology, it can also help curb crime in another area, while urging the residents of the state They should take action together to eradicate this crime from the society, by informing the police immediately as soon as they receive the information so that the police can investigate immediately.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday urged the people of Meghalaya to attend the Independence Day celebrations in the past years due to the curfew called by the insurgents. Come forward to celebrate this great day of the country without fear.
A nation that turns away from politics and does not see politics cannot survive long on this earth.
Shillong, July 2: The managing committee (MC) of an SSA school in East Khasi Hills district has allegedly threatened to dismiss teachers and dismiss other teachers. village only because they protested against the wrongdoing of the MC such as salary calculation and unclear accounting system.
Nine candidates, nine from Sohra and four from Shella, have registered their nomination papers.
We are not sure what decision the NGT will take,” said Bah Laloo.
He said that in 2018-19, 261 trading licenses have been issued, but the new Executive Committee has not yet issued trading licenses because it wants to improve the working methods.
On the other hand, the MP said that he has met with some experts to find out about the uniqueness of this custom of the village.
Thus, the women athletes, including hurdles player Anna Ryzhykova, received 70% of the donation.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The filing of nomination papers for the MDC elections 2014 has ended today.
David said the BJP in the state has not yet taken any decision whether to nominate a candidate for the mid-term elections but the discussions on this issue are ongoing. “We have not yet decided whether to nominate a candidate or whom to support, we will think carefully on Tuesday,” he said.
He said that the state government has already sent a petition including the ILP as one of their demands to the Home Minister, Amit Shah during his visit on 23rd June last year.
The teaching method also makes us understand and feel confident to start, because this school has special teachers to monitor and support us so that we do not make mistakes in running the work and this support is up to 6 months", he said.
She said that people will vote for her not because she is a Bollywood star but because she wants to showcase the work done by PM Modi, such as introducing various schemes like Ujjawala Ayushmaan Bharat Yojana and building toilets and others.
The SELCO Foundation, an NGO, has signed a social memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the district authorities of Ri Bhoi District. for the construction of state-of-the-art Heath Sub Centres.
No meetings and activities of any kind are allowed.
In India or in the world, it has been announced that there is no cure for the corona virus.
Jesus was born of the Jewish tribe in Israel in Bethlehem of Judea.
We met many young people from urban and rural areas who have a fighting spirit despite the difficulties that surround them.
He also blessed these youths who have taken the responsibility to carry and leave in the area that they will continue to do their job well in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnongs at any time to bring about the welfare of the villages. They create and especially serve the people because it is useless to love the nation without doing anything and not to love the nation by destroying the income of the state for personal gain.
Therefore, they have to pay taxes or pay exactly, otherwise they will be punished by the government.
As school children in the country, they should know about the environment, be informed about the teaching methods from the mother tongue, know how to ask questions, know how to play and enjoy the schools. besides others.
The family members of Bah Tiklu Jyrwa also expressed their gratitude and thanks to the Government of Meghalaya for helping to bring back the body of Bah Tiklu Jyrwa.
Therefore, the vendors were urged to follow the rules announced by the government from the use of plastic bags and to cover the meat shops with a blanket.
Rupang has published this news according to a source from the website of the Meghalaya Police.
He said that the police department has now conducted awareness campaigns on the problem of drugs in different villages in the city, in schools and colleges as well.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: Several beef shops in the market have closed today and some of them were open only for a while and have closed.
This bedding absorbs the water and when the cow dung is harvested from the cow pen, it not only increases the cow dung, but also strengthens the cow dung by retaining the nitrogen in the water. pee.
The Prime Minister read out the Sanskrit 'shloka' which means: 'Health is wealth and everything can be accomplished through a healthy body.
In our villages, young women aged 15-16 years have given birth.
The ribbon cutting and foundation stone laying ceremony of the Ministers of Meghalaya during these times has been very shocking and frightening.
The Minister of Electricity, AT Mondal, has already warned that if the water level continues to drop, it will be impossible to shut down the electricity generation from Umïam.
This festival or concert is the first time that famous foreign musicians will come to Shillong this year.
They said that the issues discussed on the occasion will include the price of transportation fees, the Godown in Meghalaya, which has been moved to Assam, the purchase of more than 300 trucks by Star Cement. types, the collection of tollgate fees, the renewal of office bearers and others.
The President of the UDP said that parties come and go, but the UDP is a national party that has endured many difficult circumstances and challenges.
Shillong, Nailur, 20: All India Trinamool Congress MLA Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that the investigation team should have arrested the kingpin involved in the attack. to operate the US' Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Call Centre.
The earthquake, which struck at 4.30 pm on Tuesday, killed eight people in Manipur and shocked many residents in the city. Shillong and across Ri Khasi Jaintia, where many people have left their beds to escape any injuries from the earthquake.
In fact, the responsibility of ensuring that there is no corruption in the Government is the responsibility of the MLAs from the Opposition.
Kim Kardashian, who used to attend the Met Gala every year, has expressed her anger over the loss of her annual attendance at the Met Gala. invited to take part in this festival.
“We need a policy and cinema and if these are the sources of the film industry in the state, it will grow and when we reach this stage, not only will we employ the youth but it will also generate revenue. “It's the budget of the state government,” said Bah Commander.
He said he did not intend to overthrow the government, but his opposition was to the working methods of the Prime Minister.
There are 1,868 confirmed cases and 1,385 deaths.
Regarding the construction of the road from the PWD road through Mynsain Forest Road at LHS to near the residence of Deb Das Chakraborty at Lumparing, Shillong, up to T.1 crore has been allocated.
According to the order of the Commission, these witnesses can also be questioned by the DGP of Assam, PCCF, HFF of Assam or their lawyers.
Suchen said that the village leaders under the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong of Lama Village, Bah Tellme Dong, had decided to evict her family, but in front of the Deputy Commissioner, she had refused. this.
Youth groups from various branches of the Seng Khasi from Shillong and surrounding areas also attended the ceremony to clean up the Lum Jingthang.
According to Bah Teinwel, the delay in sending the name of Bah Donkupar Sumer to the Governor for approval, shows that there is something behind it, besides the delay in sending the name of Bah Donkupar Sumer. “We have never seen the government delay in sending the names of the MDCs sent by the EC to become EMs as it is now.
While the E&E Point has a lot of space and money, it needs thousands of crores.
However, with the arrival of Joydee Pan Deb (61 runs off 104 balls) and Manish Sharma (23 runs off 23 balls), Meghalaya started to lose wickets.
Furthermore, it can be noted that the Saipung area is a place with many skilled weavers, as well as a good place to encourage the people to weave handloom, as well as agriculture but on all these issues the people of the area express only despair and despair due to the neglect of the leaders and the government.
To set a retirement age of 70 years for all rulers from Kur, Shnong, Raid to Hima.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) today wrote to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, regarding the presence of illegal coke factories in East Jaintia Hills District.
The three-day training program on the cultivation of Krai or Millets through the technology was conducted from the 16th to the 18th of this month by the Division of Systems Research and Engineering (DSRE) under ICAR. Research Complex for NEH Region in Umiam, Ri Bhoi District.
In the pre quarter final of the Under-17 Boys, SN Lyngdoh Higher Secondary School won 2-1 against Jowai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School. Mariah Hills Higher Secondary School scored 3 goals and scored 2 goals.
However, at the same time we cannot say that big trees have grown from these plants.
The appearance of the beautiful as if it were high,As the people say,The young men are swait around, Like a fish in a garden of flowers.
Manthan Dey scored 76 runs off 78 balls and Kshitij Singhania (79 off 78 balls) contributed to SCA's 172 runs for the second wicket while Jerimaiah L Kynshi scored 22 runs off ball at the end of the first even.
If we cut down one tree, we should plant two trees instead so that we don't destroy the trees.
How can we understand our unity ? Yes, we cannot, because we are still Muid biej – we have spent the night in pride and arrogance.
The three constituencies involved in this area are Mawkhar-Jaiaw (North Shillong), Mawpren (West Shillong) and Mawlai.
A multi-component and multi-channel education system;xvii.
Of these, 650 cases include 47 cases in East Garo Hills, 8 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 220 cases in East Khasi Hills.
The child was identified as Halen Nongtdu of Byndihati village.
 In the Christian faith, Jesus is the Son of God who took on humanity.
He urged the consumers to check the packaging methods before buying any kind of food, such as the dates of use of food and to check the the production or expiration dates set for the safety of consumption of processed and packaged foods.
“How can I buy T.2 tyngka when I buy T.4.50 piah?”
The Khasi Students Union Khliehriat Circle (KSU) Khliehriat Circle has distributed rice to Jalaphet village, East Jaintia Hills as part of its efforts to help the poor and suffering families since the curfew came into force on Tuesday. .
Other speakers on the occasion included GR Sancley, Author, Bah O Roy Iangrai, one of the members of the Mission. Executive Secretary of World Mission.
He said that simple rules have been prepared which can be explained and easily made available to those who are entitled to receive the scheme.
Daka Bareh, Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment, West Jaintia Hills as an expert in her speech explained about the types of alcohol or drugs which are legal and illegal and how people start using them until that they may reach the limit of drunkenness and be enslaved to all kinds of intoxicants.
Riki-O Laloo (36:31:98 Sec) and Lafinia Khongjoh (40:41:30 Sec) won the youngest category for men.
Messi is also eager to return to the Camp Nou.
Police are conducting a thorough search for the suspect and request the public to inform the police if they see or receive any information about Imran. Today.
Shortly after, it was learned that the Ministry of Agriculture has also summoned the company involved in the project.
“In the past, they were worried about what to eat, but now they are worried about where to break what they have eaten,” said the DC. It is time for the villages to have adequate garbage dumps because when the villages start to increase in population they will have difficulty where to dump.
“This is what has happened in Meghalaya.
At the same time, the people need adequate garbage dumps.
These cows were seized from the border to East Jaintia Hills, according to the border guards.
He said it is regrettable that even the MNREGS scheme has not been allowed to be implemented in the village.
He said that in fact even the Rangbah Shnong of Shangbangla should have informed the Raid leaders when the government had planned to open a weigh bridge at that place, but it was not. His silence and lack of information seemed to disrespect the Dorbar Raid.
In a statement sent to the media on Tuesday, Bah Adelbert Nongrum said, “Because the Roster has violated the Reservation Policy, the Roster System should be improved or the Resolution should be renewed. issued on 12th July, 1972," and at the same time expressed his opposition and sent his comments regarding the Government's revision of the Office Memorandum (OM) on the Reservation Roster. which will be released on July 14, 2023.
After the inspection, Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit, General Secretary of FKJGP, Sengkmie, while speaking to reporters, said that the FKJGP expresses its strong opposition to the presence of people who smuggle cows to the country. Bangladesh, which has also caused a lot of trouble to the beef consumers, due to the increase in the price of beef in the market.
SOS was established in 1964 and is a voluntary organization. SOS has been established in 127 locations in the country and now has 2600 children under the banner of Family Based Programmed (FBP). ).
“On the 5th of June, after the Foundation learned about Phermiki's performance at the Meghalaya Games, the members talked to him about posting on social media.
This was stated by Bah Synshar while talking to reporters after he registered himself as the UDP candidate before the Returning Officer at the meeting of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District. the Second Day.
Then the miaw went outside with a smile.
In another incident, police said that Larry P Syiem complained that on the night of 10th and 11th June, robbers stole his motorcycle (ML-05T-4 ) of New Delhi.
“I don't blame any political party because I don't know what kind of people they are,” said the driver in a statement.
Leaders of various political parties have immediately come out to protest against the SP of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Lakordor Syiem, who has organized the International Festival and the Synod services and tournaments.
The Government of Meghalaya has implemented the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act 2016 with the aim of protecting the residents of the State by thoroughly screening the foreigners who come to stay in the State.
The team visited Kakching, Sugnu, Pukhao, Canchipur, Sangaiprou, and other places and witnessed the severe damage to houses, places of worship, schools and educational institutions in various places. different over the course of the journey.
“Women in the country and in the state will have the opportunity to participate in policy making to shape development activities in the country.
Meanwhile, the investigation into the incident is ongoing as the relevant authorities have worked hard to understand and avoid all the risks of such incidents in the future.
And all the children called him Sin, khon rympha.
However, in this age, it is clear that many young people are still sleeping and have not yet thought about what will happen to the future of the nation.
What would happen if I didn't have a police guard? In fact, you are the one who died.
Hundreds of commercial taxis, government buses and private vehicles carrying placards with the message on driving safety to avoid accidents attended the programme.
Then apply a little oil or makhon, leave for a while and wash the shñiuh.
On the other hand, the audience who came to listen to this short program promised to come and support the film at Bijou Cinema.
The 2nd District League T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 has now reached its seventh day with Nongdawah CC and Sohra Combine CC winning today.
Shillong: The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today denied the allegation of corruption in the purchase of land in Mawpdang, New Delhi. Shillong Township, AITC Chairman Dr Mukul Sangma, has received T.140 crore.
According to a copy of the letter, Marylinda Dkhar, who is the ration distributor in the village, has sent a letter to the Sordar of the village saying that she cannot continue her work as the ration distributor. .
Tomorrow, Mynthong will play against Khimusniang at 3 pm.
“It was not me who proposed, it was they who proposed me. There were some MDCs whom I don't want to name who came to me to talk about this. he said while talking to reporters.
Participants in the meeting included Amit Shah, Rajnath Singh, Piyush Goyal, S Jaishankar, Nirmala Sitharaman, Pralhad Joshi, Dharmendra Pradhan, Nitin Gadkari and Arjun Ram Meghwal.
“The Shillong Municipal Board has cleaned 0.9 km of Umkhrah River in November 2019 at a cost of T.16 lakh received from the Deputy Commissioner's Office,” said Hamlet. “We are still waiting for 27 lakh rupees from the government”.
Santosh K Agrawal, President of WAKO India Kickboxing Federation, also congratulated Hame.
Shillong, July 19: Two MLAs from Garo Hills, Phulbari and Rajabala, have decided to submit a petition to the Central Water Commission (CWC) of the Union Government to expedite the water supply. The Rongai Valley Medium Irrigation Project has been implemented to improve the flow of water to the dry areas during the rainy season.
However, when U Rupang heard the discussion of the dorbar on Saturday in Smit, he did not think whether it is true or not, that no one is above the law.
Earlier, the government had donated Rs 1 lakh to the families of the victims.
Shillong:"I express my opposition and condemnation to the incident on 06th November 2023 regarding the sale of drugs in the heat of the day as if selling cigarettes without fear or respect, “I believe it has spread on social media and this will be the war against drugs,” he said. MLA from North Shillong Constituency Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
The JSM urges the BDO officers of the department to be concerned about this complaint of the people, and the JSM does not want the Board to give reasons because most of the time they aid aw shi aidaw, that ha During the rainy season they say that there is a shortage of water and during the dry season they say that there is a strong wind and electricity bills, that the trees fall, everything is their responsibility to look after but there is no work. JSM Organizing Secretary Samla D Lamare said that the JSM has been working hard to ensure that the people have adequate electricity supply.
He urged Modi to take action as the violation of human rights has increased and submitted a petition to the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC).
The use of the cemetery will be at the discretion of the churches whether they wish to rebury it or not and the Forest Department will not interfere.
As is known, Meghalaya has been inhabited by the British since the conquest of the war and this has led to the establishment of schools in the state to teach in the English language and even the textbooks used in schools. Many of them were written in English and also the Khasi books were translated from the meaning of English books, Christian beliefs especially in those earlier times.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, MPCC President Dr Celestine Lyngdoh said he has not seen the full program of Rahul Gandhi but it is understood that Rahul Gandhi will start the meeting from Tura before leaving for Jowai and returning. I went to Shillong.
Cash prizes were awarded to the winners of the tournament, Arpan Nongrum for the Best Player and Mihpli Wahlang for the Best Veteran Player.
Because from this small beginning will come great things one day, through this book and other books that the author will publish more and more.
He said the government has also selected Khatar village in East Khasi Hills and Tura in Garo Hills to set up a fish factory.
The final will be played on the 5th of June.
These include 6 from East Khasi Hills, 4 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from South West Khasi Hills.
Amarjeet Gupta tied 56 runs off 61 balls and Jeffre Chyrmang tied 38 runs off 30 balls.
Regarding this visit, Shanbor expressed his hope to play well in this sixth tournament.
Shillong: The protest organized by Samla Banshai Marbaniang together with HYC Mawsynram Circle to demand the upgradation of Mawsynram to Civil Sub Division along with other demands has been postponed. from the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat to the place near the statue of Kiang Nangbah near the Civil Hospital, Shillong for unavoidable reasons in collaboration with the authorities of East Khasi Hills District.
“We will sit in the opposition and will not nominate a candidate for the CEM seat,” said Lamphrang.
“From the beginning of my life I never had any intention of becoming a priest to become a bishop. English because I saw that the seminary students when they came to the village spoke English that my entry into St Paul's was exactly to learn English, and these things that happened in my life now were just a according to the will of God," he said.
Many of the Khasi customs and traditions have been suspended such as the Shad Weiking, the Khasi Shad in different villages and the Shad of the Khasi Seng in different areas. this year.
It was the second time in less than a month that the Indian Consulate in San Francisco has been attacked by Khalistan supporters.
It is said that if you wear a scarf with a kynphad, you should wear a scarf with three layers inside.
Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is also the MLA of Nartiang, said, “I am sorry for this because it is the MLA of Karbi Anglong who announced the construction of the University.
Snow thyme cut in one, Thij is longbru, man day we town.
Speaking to reporters, Santa Mary Shylla, said that she thanked the supporters, who have supported her and worked hard for her, who have allowed her to become a longkmie and she also promised to work hard for the people.
“The police stations in these areas are far away and it is difficult for the police to reach these areas. to protect the Khasi of this area,” he said.
At the same time, all drivers are urged to cooperate and walk on their own side (or) of the road and not to take passes to avoid traffic jam.
The place is called JUGIGUPA. The word 'Jugigupa' is a Garo word, which means burial place of the devil, because 'Jugi' means devil and 'Gupa' means burial place.
KSU Mawlai Circle, FKJGP Mawlai Circle, Mawlai Pyllun Youth Association, Mawdatbaki Youth Association, MPF, MPDF, women and elders of the Mawlai Circle. the village of Mawlai.
“The meeting also discussed to work hard to win the candidate for the upcoming mid-term elections in Shella,” said TW Chyne.
We have seen that some of the larger villages like Sohra, Mawsynram, and Pynursla have been established on the slopes of the hills to the north and that the rainfall is heavy in these areas due to the strong winds. from the seas in winter.
According to the KSU Mawlai, the President of the Circle has been expelled from the party on two grounds, one is because he has violated the rules of the party. Another is his sudden departure from the General Executive Council meeting of the party held on 15th July at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall.
The NITI Aayog report recently ranked Meghalaya as the second poorest state in India.
The JAC also decided to intensify the protest to force the VC to remove the illegal appointment of the technical officer.
On this occasion, Bah Donborlang said that he has informed the Sordar Shnong and lodged a complaint at Mawngap Police Station.
I would like to share a little thought here to better understand the meaning of “Men die Ri” and “Men thied Ri” in the words of young people today who are still in their 20s.
The union said that the police should prosecute the bloodthirsty robber under the POCSO Act and punish him severely.
Seven members, including one MP, supported the decision of the Ethics Committee to propose or report to Parliament to remove Moitra from the Lok Sabha. Four opposition members from the Congress, who are the wife of the former Punjab CM, have defected to the BJP.
The final match was in the Men's Single between Rituraj Nag of EKH and Mebanker Shullai of WJHD.
The Ri Bhoi District Badminton Association (RBDBA) will hold the Ri Bhoi Badminton Championship at the Indoor Stadium in Nongpoh from the 17th of this month.
If any Chief Nongsynshar is found accepting the changes and issuing NOCs, the Seng will impose severe punishment.
On the opening day of the Pynursla Civil Sub Division in Pynursla, those who watched and listened and saw the electronic media witnessed that the MLA of Pynursla constituency who is also the Dy Chief Minister of Pynursla. The MDA government, which has appointed Dr Mukul Sangma as the former Chief Minister, has praised Dr Mukul Sangma as the former Chief Minister.
These are the beginning of sorrows.
When there is any dispute in the system of governance that is complex and cannot be agreed upon, it must be heard by the constitutional bench of the Supreme Court.
Threats, insults, robbery and violence are not the way to good.
The old man is no longer remembered from the beginning.
How can I blame him ? Does the Minister of Electricity know this himself or does he just want to keep quiet about it? O Myntri Rangbha, are there any more new projects that you can announce when only those that need your attention cannot do anything for the welfare of the citizens? Let us now look at the Resol HSSLC and Resol SSLC which were announced last month.
Bah Roy said that such incidents occur because the party has decided to crack down on drugs, admitting that the money to market drugs is huge and the drug traffickers will take the various ways and means of prosecuting the leaders of the party.
He said that the Punjabis and Jats are very strong and these people cannot be fought by force, but it needs love. , they are less intelligent, but they are healthy and if anyone shows strength, he will shoot them.
On the other hand, the CEM said that the EC has made it clear to the KSU that the KHADC will not allow the mining of uranium.
This was confirmed after the Border Security Force, Mawpat, sent a letter to the Pommura Dorbar Shnong requesting for approval for the construction of the camp, but the Dorbar Shnong immediately refused to approve. The letter said that the army needs to build hospitals, schools, football grounds and indoor games+out door games and other necessities.
He said the VPP has also introduced many rules, and other parties also have their own rules.
Lamphrang Lawriniang tied for 26 runs and Mining Pathaw for 24 runs.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Governor of Assam, Prof. Jagadish Mukhi, said that as students, they should have a great role and vision in shaping their country. , because only if the students have the spirit to shape society, change will come and our country will develop in all aspects.
Also present on the occasion were the Secretary of the MFA, Bah SW Nongrum, the President of the President of the Mawkyrwat Youth Association, Bah Kitborlang Lyngdoh Marshilong and other members.
In this regard, the union has requested the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to send for immediate repairs so that the people can use the Jowai Bye Pass road as soon as possible. bring the colors of the people of East and West Jaintia Hills Districts.
Md Ashif Khan scored 83 runs while Kumar scored 27 runs.
For this reason, we have tried to ensure that as soon as possible, we will reduce the hours of power outage.
The arrested were identified as Mahibur Sheikh and Faizul Sheikh of Malda district.
We hope that as a family we will understand before we support or oppose or have any suggestions to improve them.
Amit Shah was getting out of his vehicle when he was getting out of his vehicle, but one of his followers ran away. Amit Shah and he was not injured.
Urging the residents to live in peace and harmony, the Minister said, “I urge the residents, civil society leaders, prominent people and everyone that this is the most important occasion for the Therefore, bloodshed and violence will not bring clean fruit or we will not reach anywhere with bloodshed because those who have been severely affected are our own people.
Ma Dawan Lyngdoh MDC of Mynsngat Khanduli on Thursday reminded the Minister in charge of Rural Development, Bah Hamletson Dohling, of the upgradation of Namdong to C&RD Block.
BDO Laskein, Dr.BS Langbang congratulated the village leaders of Madankynsaw Mowkyndeng for taking on the responsibility to cooperate with the health department and any other government related matters.
“We have tracked him down and found him from Kamrup, Kamrup district but in the investigation he has nothing to do with it but now we are investigating into the case to track down the robbers,” said Bah Syiem.
However, the Union once again staged a protest in front of the Vice Chancellor's office in Shillong and in front of the Pro Vice Chancellor's office in Tura Campus.
Shillong, June 29: The Jaintia National Council (JNC) led by Sambormi Lyngdoh today met with the Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong to withdraw the Border Security Force (BSF). ) to patrol in East Jaintia Hills and to strengthen the check gate in the area.
Therefore it is necessary for everyone to be born again of true repentance according to the Word of God" that is, of water and the Spirit.
At the same time, the police department should assist the HYC and other organizations which have come forward to take part in the fight against drugs.
He said that this is not the first time that the party has donated such assistance to the poor but the party has been giving such assistance from time to time. The shortage of power to the poor and rich was concluded by D.Laloo.
Dr.Dhruba Jyoti Das, gave an explanation on the types of disabilities in children, such as those who speak difficultly, those who have physical problems and said that there are types of disabilities in the limbs that cannot be treated. treatment, as well as explained many things related to those with disabilities.
After closing at 5 pm as usual, the phalor opened for the vendors to open their shops to transform the Nan Polok with lights, food and drinks. the musical instruments to stir up.
“Elect me, I will do so...” – “Yes, elect me, I will do so...” These are the methods of campaigning from the past to the present.
“I have sold 500-1000 masks with the image of Modi and the demand is still high.
The HYC has done this suddenly without any information from the security forces.
On both days, Bah Bisharlang Pyngrope spoke, explained and explained to the students of the school about the importance of goal setting, study habit, how to use properly time management and students of the 21st century.
So if he continues to do the same, I am sure that the people of both the constituencies will lose confidence in him,” said Prestone.
Speaking to media, AICC Incharge Chatrath, who came to Shillong for two days, said, “There was no incident in Shillong. The party congress in Meghalaya where the entry and exit of political leaders is happening in all parties.
The suspect was identified as Rajesh Najari, 29, of Madanrting Block E. According to the HYC, he committed the crime on the 21st of this month.
The incident occurred in the Mawlai area from Mawlai Iewynghep to Laimer, Upper Shillong and police had to stop the incident. They immediately went to the scene to remove these stones, so that the traffic will not be disrupted on the highway.
The North Goa Zilla Panchayat led by Siddesh Shripad Naik and Ajay Gause, Chief Executive Officer, North Goa Zilla Panchayat and more than 10 members met with the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). ) Bah Pynïaid Syiem in the presence of the members of the Executive Committee which was held today.
If we don't take care of Shillong and the state, who else will do our duty? Besides saying that foreigners should not be allowed to settle here, besides saying that we don't take care of our own country? It is time for the Rangbah Shnongs to clean up the rivers, markets and other places which produce a lot of garbage.
He said that most of the time, the village authorities receive complaints from the residents who complain about the violence of the BSF troops in Ratacherra and Sonapur.
Pasyih village is located about 10 kilometers from Jowai city on the Jowai-Pasyih-Mynsoo-Shilliang Myntang road.
CSL programs were conducted in Wahiajer, Lumshnong and Moosiang Lamare.
“We have already appointed Convenors to form the Circle and have also suggested the name of the candidate,” he said.
Nongpoh: A sudden earthquake has struck several parts of Ri Bhoi district this evening, which has affected several houses in the villages of Ri Bhoi District. Jirang C&RD Block and the 6th Battalion Police Station at Umran.
The Forest Department has not been able to celebrate this program as usual with the school children due to the outbreak of COVID-1
Participants were informed of the 25th Anniversary of the book by the 25th Anniversary Committee of the Turko Competition on the theme, “The land of the ninth trep is the place of rape and child abuse in the North East”. Rupang newspaper on Saturday.
RK Laxman, the world famous cartoonist of the Times of India, in the 1960s and 1970s, who criticized governments with cartoons, has this cartoon about the irresponsibility of the newspapers (one or two) and misled.
He missed the semi final against Lebanon after receiving yellow cards against Pakistan and Kuwait.
It is the Aadhaar that has to be suspended if it is not accepted.
Hamletson Dohling made this promise at the re-election meeting of the PDF Nongstoin Zonal Committee. He said that when he looked at the allocation of funds from the previous government in relation to the The development of Nongstoiñ town is very poor so he decided to increase the amount of funds so that it will be of benefit to the residents of Nongstoiñ town.
In this regard, the party leader demanded that the authorities should expedite this work so that there will be no confusion among the people.
He said that the PDF will continue to follow up on this incident because it does not want to end like this but until it receives the report of the investigation which will convince the relatives and especially to punish according to the law those policemen involved. in the judgment of the souls of men.
Therefore, as an organization, we cannot accept the invitation we receive through the media without any agreement.
He said that every day he used to travel from Riangdo to Nongstoin and found that trucks carrying rnga from Riangdo, Nonglang and even Nongstoiñ. I went to the copper factory on the banks of the Rwiang River near the bridge.
“So far, all the members of NEHUTA have refused to set or revise the Qs papers of the Ist semester under the unconstitutional NEP implemented at the UG level for various subjects as decided by the the GBM of NEHUTA,” he added.
You should avoid these types of drinks at night as they can stimulate the eyes and stimulate the body which leads to anxiety and insomnia at night.
The question now is how the Government has implemented the 3% allocated to the Education Department in the Budget Session.
In this regard, the court also allowed the examination of those documents during the investigation to find out whether there was any wrongdoing.
However, no government has been able to implement this demand.
When asked about the corruption of the ruling party, Dr Mukul Sangma said the BJP is one of the parties that formed the MDA government and it is a shame that the party has been accused. to the wickedness of his own people.
As part of the 26th Anniversary of the United Democratic Party (UDP), the United Democratic Party (UDP) held an awareness talk on “Youth and Drug Menace” at the party headquarters on Tuesday. God.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Trinamool Congress has announced its first pledge to the people of the state as part of its efforts to bring about economic development in the state.
Then there is the Centrally Sponsored Scheme in which the States contribute only 10, 20 or 30 per cent.
(iii) Jesus surrendered His soul to the Father.
The power outage has affected small factories, shopkeepers and various businesses which have to use electricity.
Earlier, there was also a friendly match between HYC Mawlai and HYC Umjaiur.
Furthermore, the union urges that these criminals should be brought to justice so that they can be punished according to their crimes and not allowed to return to the court. community.
Dr. Pariong's lack of time to accompany Bah Gabriel on the nomination day has caused concern among the Congress supporters in Nongstoiñ, as it takes only half an hour to accompany the nomination papers. He doesn't have much time to campaign for himself around the constituency.
He said the government will try to set up more construction sites in every district of the state but it will depend on the government's funds.
Other speakers on the occasion were Rikut Parien President of the Congress West Jaintia Hills District. The residents of these four villages, if they don't have their full support, it will be difficult for him to stand firm.
“To lose the road, we don't even want to cut off the hearts and minds of those who oppose us who have come to volunteer as expressed in the newspapers, and we will walk on them. the death of anyone who comes to ask for forgiveness if we lose our rights".
Therefore, these stupid forces are trying to hinder the progress of economic development,” he said.
Therefore, the elders of the 35 villages have asked for their opinion whether it is necessary to conduct a special measure to prevent the spread of the coronavirus.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 20: The Additional Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday urged the residents of the district to be vigilant in case of thunderstorms, lightning, strong winds and floods. rain and hail.
Shillong, October 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, at the Season 2 of the MGMP, held at the Marriott Shillong, Shillong, on Tuesday honored and recognized the those who have been involved in the field of music for more than 15 years.
The poor have fled because they have been shot, beaten and killed by the enemy, as has happened to the Rohingya in Myanmar in recent years and until now they are living in great misery.
There are 9 hospitals treating covid 19 patients, where 1,207 nurses, doctors and other health workers have been infected since October
From 1984 to 1990, India had its own satellites. From 1991 to 2005, India was improving its satellites. and 2006 to 2013 has been strengthened and 2014 to 2023 is the time when India has provided modern capabilities in relation to the IMD. Shillong, July 14 : Ka The increase in the number of market vendors in the past few years around the markets in Iewduh has frightened many market visitors to go to the more crowded markets.
So I never went.
“On the land for the construction of the permanent office building of the Block, we don't have any complaint, because this matter will be up to the Government and the Village Authorities. Hima in the area, but only in the Block in the Rimuliang area"
So far, 20.11 lakh MT of foodgrains have been delivered to 31 States/UTs of which 40 lakh MT has been distributed in June. 2.65 lakh MT has been distributed to 16 States/UTs to 5.29 crore beneficiaries including 1.19 crore ration cards as the month of June
He said that if the Governor decides to seek the opinion of the Election Commission under Article 192 of the Constitution, he cannot go beyond Article
Meanwhile, the Meghalaya High Court did not want to challenge the roster of Government employees, it left it to the Government to decide.
Until yesterday, it was impossible to release Bibi, as Muslims in Islamabad, Peshawar and Lahore demanded that she be punished with the death penalty.
They added that if they really intend to move on that day, then many of them will come out to oppose this and will take other measures to do so, warned the vendors.
Meanwhile, the Director of Social Welfare Department, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang distributed the blankets to the disabled people donated by the Shillong Round Table and Singhania Printing Press.
The KSU said it will write to the Chief Conservator of the Forest Department for clarification on this matter.
The clarity of the Jaitbynriew is recognized by its originality, not from above and therefore we should no longer call it by the name of poi wir, but by the name of Trai-ri. The country of our nation will survive and we will remain the masters of the country.
The seven-day event will be held from 12th to 17th November and will be promoted through social media platforms like Facebook, YouTube and WhatsApp.
The EM in charge of the Trade Department of KHADC, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, said, “The incident on 25th November, when the KHADC police were attacked, did not discourage the department, but Latiplang said that the department will not stop but will continue to issue licenses and also to illegally occupy land on the sidewalks and roads. .
Oh, trucks haul coal non-stop even if the law prohibits it.
There is no doubt that our riewdum are the ones who caused trouble here and there in Laitumkhrah.
In this incident, the man went to tied naphang the cat of the house with a tyrnem in his hand and two of his children were seriously injured after being tied by the enemy. man in the incident.
During the raid, the police seized 67 bags of drugs and injection needles from the plates of these youths.
Last month, the Cabinet meeting decided to change the name of a road in Tura to PA Sangma.
Earlier, the party is ready to send up to 46 candidates to the All India Congress Committee for approval of the names of the candidates for the upcoming elections. first.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Chief Electoral Officer (CEO), Bah FR Kharkongor, said that as part of the smooth conduct of the election, 32 persons have already been nominated under the rules of law. they took part in the riots.
“Although the landslide has occurred since the 16th, the stones and earth blocking the road to Mawpud village have not been removed yet and this has caused problems to the people especially in terms of transportation of food items. and also to go to health centres,” said Macdonald.
Babu Birbor said that other states have conducted Teachers Eligibility Test for contract teachers and those who have passed the government have been recruited as its employees and those who have not yet been recruited. to allow them to teach as contract teachers.
Hundreds of people from all over Nongpoh Constituency and Ri Bhoi District flocked to welcome him.
“It’s a proud moment for me when I personally go to receive the award," he said.
He also recalled the speech of the Union Minister in charge of Road Transport and Highways, Nitin Gadkari in the Lok Sabha on 22nd October, in which he said that To install toll gates within a distance of 60 km on national highways between one toll gate and another, he said that if there is more than one toll gate within a distance of one of them shall be closed within three months.
“This song has spread rapidly and is popular at picnics and parties such as weddings, parties and so on from Khasi Hills to War, Bhoi and Jaintia Hills.
Look at what is happening in Shimla and other places where tourists have been overwhelmed and hotels have been built in all parts of the country.
The struggle will continue until a Savior appears to make a covenant of peace and allow the Jews to build the Third Temple that they have longed for.
Ms. Balarishisha Nongkynrih Assistant Prof Shillong College, spoke on the topic “Teaching Techniques and in the second session she gave a session on the topic “The Value of the Language”.
“This shows that there is no mistake and there is no implementation,” said President Nazmul Hasan.
He admitted that as a human being he cannot do everything according to the wishes of the people, but he has tried his best to bring about development in the constituency.
The Man of sin, 1 Thessalonians 2:4 is the King.
At the same time, the union urges the police to conduct an investigation to track down these bloodthirsty men and punish them according to the law.
Hundreds of residents under the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong, Helping Phawa, took part in the polling station.
“Research has no problems but the interference of outsiders is a problem.
Therefore, through these incidents, all shops except pharmacies have been closed, said a source from the DC, Shillong.
The Sadar Sub-Collector of Sambalpur, Pravash Chandra Dandasena, has imposed a curfew on Thursday night.
He also alleged that the MDA Government has started to thank the people that they don't have any cooperation with the BJP or the national parties don't have any cooperation with the NPP but they will cooperate within three years and now it's almost time. and they began to show signs that they had a quarrel with one another.
Ranjan said that at present, this has been done in two phases and the implementation is ongoing in order to expand the implementation across the district as West Singhbhum has many of them have been dug up, but they have not been used anymore, he added.
An earthquake measuring 3.0 on the Richter scale struck Ri Bhoi District at 16:07:46 on Tuesday.
Except those who work in the courts, who are judges, who have the degree of LLB; The Khasi District Council, which has 531 employees, has only one or two employees from Science or Commerce, according to the survey.
Paragraph 3 of Schedule-10 which previously allowed for the split of one group from one group (1/3) has been repealed since
When the Khasi family is headed by the Khyllah jaid, all the customs and traditions of that family have died.
At the same time, he said that the DSEO's visit on that day was not only for the program but also to inspect the condition of the school.
Witnesses said the suspects fled the scene to Kangvai Road in Churachanpur District of Manipur.
The students of Kiang Nangbah Government Higher Secondary School, Ialong Secondary School, Jowai continued to win the Inter School Subroto Cup organized by the District Sports Officer, Ialong Hills District, Jowai. shait at Kiang Nambah Stadium.
“We must not forget that in the 1970s, there were leaders who stood up to defend the border who were arrested by the Assam government, but this border crossing by the Assam government continues until now,” he said. state.
" The Persian Proverb also says: “Use the Hand of the Enemy to catch the Bseiñ.
Shillong, July 31: The VPP Youth Wing today held a Bike Rally in Shillong to seek the support of the people for the MLA elections to be held on 27th June
The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply) of Amlarem Sub-Division has announced that the Khaw under the PMGKAY Scheme for the month of October 2021 has been released to all the households under the PMGKAY Scheme. NFSA (AAY & PHH) from 6th October 2021 to 15th October 2021, according to the following rules. AAY and PHH cards will be distributed at the rate of 5 kilos per head and no fee is required.
In West Jaintia Hills, 23 cases have been confirmed.
“And all the house of Israel shall serve me in the land; I will accept them".
Adelbert said the ARPA has not yet elected its new leader and will soon complete the task.
“If there is any future plan, it will go in accordance with the agreement with NCCOEEE,” said a statement from PK Shullet President and BK Nongkhlaw, General Secretary, CCORMAU. HM Shangpliang, MLA Mawsynram constituency, has expressed his concern to the state government, especially to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, about the lack of protection for the residents living on the border with Bangladesh.
This was announced by the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Monday, where he said that the main objective of these festivals is to promote tourism in the country. around the state.
“Ka seng is firm on this issue until there are strong laws to protect us as a minority, the talks on the railway will stop.
The union strongly urges the villages in the Diengiei Area especially Lawmei not to allow such mynder to stay in the villages.
That the KHADC and JHADC should lose the rights they have received since 1952 because of the GHADC is unacceptable.
How much is a man worth? This is a big question these days about the value of man and human life.
Shillong: The FKJGP Mawprem Circle has strongly opposed the government to bring kharmetor to the TB Hospital, Upper Mawprem, because in these areas there have been many foreigners. The government is trying and intends to bring in more and more of these khar metor who are already clean. people who have faced many problems with the Khasi people and this will lead to the spread of evil and destruction in the community.
In addition, there are 150 syrnods.
Meanwhile, L.Biam MDC of the BJP asked for information on the amount of tax for foreigners who drive vehicles without proper Trading License in Jaintia Hills which they have to pay at Mookyndur and Ratacherra Check Gate. The MDC urged the EC to increase the fee to 1000/- tyngka so that the revenue of the Council can increase.
Change for the better.
The bridge, which can carry four vehicles, will run over the Brahmaputra River on National Highway 127 B from Dhubri in Assam to Phulbari in West Garo Hills district.
Turning to the state itself, the problem has continued to affect the people of the village, due to the spread of this disease, which has affected the ability to earn a living, to It has really affected the income generation, in which if you start looking and exploring, many of the people who live and work in their own jobs, have been severely affected. In the last two years, the spread of this disease, especially if it is from the state, which itself lacks the ability to generate revenue, which has many needs, has been met. The road is not available to the Government of Delhi.
On the other hand, Dr War said that the decision to extend the curfew will be taken after a discussion on the situation after the search for all the people who have been in contact with the covid positive people.
You're MIPRL.
Israel from Mumbai, a gynecologist and Prof. D. Velmurugan from the University of Madras Chennai.
The union also criticized the JHADC for not announcing publicly the vacancy but alleged that only a few MDCs have been appointed and even the MDCs don't know but have informed the JHADC. “We have spoken to some MDCs who don't want to be named but they said they don't know anything and only a few MDCs have done this and we have informed them. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Donbok Dkhar, President of HNYF Raliang Circle.
Speaking to media, Bah Brightstarwel Marbaniang said that the Meghalaya government has introduced the State Education Policy since 2018 to prevent teachers from taking part in politics.
“The Managing Committees of SSA LP and UP schools have already sent a proposal to the Government for approval from the Office of the State Project Director SEMAM-SSA to announce publicly the vacancies and to conduct interviews according to the The order was issued by the office of the State Project Director SEMAM-SSA on 3rd November,
However, after the search, it was found that she was carrying up to 20 cows which were smuggled to Bangladesh.
Police also urged parents that when their children go abroad to study or work they should know exactly where they are going.
Regarding this insult, the family has requested the help of Agnes Khashiing to do something about it.
According to the Constitution of India, there is one religion that is not paid, and it is Muslim.
Shillong: Twenty-five ambulances purchased from the Chief Minister's Relief Fund (CMRF) and 25 new ambulances sent through the National Health Rural Mission (NHRM) have arrived in Shillong.
Earlier, Mawlai MLA Brightwellstar Marbaniang has requested the Government to set up a de-addiction center in his constituency, which has become one of the drug hotspots in the state. .
The President of the Meghalaya-Karbi Cultural Association, said that the culture in the Ribhoi area seems to be declining.
At the same time, the Ministry provides food assistance to those families who are in need, but the method is selected only for those who are in dire need.
Nongpoh: U Bah ST Rympei, Rangbah Shnong of Lumdaitkhla, Bhoirymbong, on Tuesday demanded that Purity Phawa should report to him within 24 hours. The Rangbah Shnong, who is also the President of STIEH, has posted on social media the conversation with the Longkmie, who is also the President of STIEH. Kong Purity Phawa did not ask him within the time limit, which means that he could not comply with the rules of law, because the Longkmie's misunderstanding of his conversation with her, has humiliated him. , because it has spread throughout the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
