Besides, 8 percent of them cannot pay even after their liability period has expired.
They also said that there have been explanations especially in the water bodies where many tourists come and go in relation to the care of the water will bring happiness and avoid sorrow.
The traffic jam is the reason why vendors are allowed to sell along the roads and on the sidewalks.
On the 17th of July, the President will attend the Golden Jubilee Celebration of the Karbi Youth Festival at Taralangso, Diphu, Assam.
“KAM believes that change will not only happen through the leaders, but true change will be achieved through the participation of the citizens who want to find the foundations of citizenship in the country/state. democracy and to experience them in everyday life.
On 30th November 2023, the Special Judge of the Court (POCSO), Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills, after proving through sufficient evidence, has convicted Tepbor War Dkhar of rape of a child. imprisonment for 10 years and a fine of T.30,0
During the inspection, officers sent by the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India to Meghalaya, inspected the collapse of a hill with farmland and the damage to the PMGSY road in Wahlakhiat village on July 14, 2013 due to heavy rainfall across the state.
The U-14 Girls Inter District Cricket T20 Tournament 2023 today was a beautiful match to witness and the heavy rain has spoiled the beauty of the tournament. you are fighting.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Khasi Jaintia Butcher Welfare Association (KJWBA) on Tuesday said that the gates which should have checked the health of cows entering the state have turned into illegal ones. that gate collected money.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah HDR said that the building is for public use where the public can use it for writing, conducting social events. sports, meetings and other necessities but they have to pay as a small fee so that the managers of the house can look after the necessities inside the house such as light, and others.
Even the MDC has done his job as much as he can.
However, it is learned that if Mukul Sangma is really removed, the name of former Prime Minister Salseng C Marak is on the list of first candidates to take over the new leadership.
Some of our youths who want to be police officers but don't have the height of 157 cm height for (ST) have been rejected. To increase the height to 155 cm for male and 150 cm for female because many of us Khasi are short.
The Minister said that the Meghalaya government is the first government to have a water policy and there are many projects aimed at protecting and improving the water sources in the state. It is also among the few states that work with the North Eastern Space Application Center (NESAC) and counts up to 50,000 spacecraft,” he said.
Speaking at a meeting held by the VPP at Madan Heh Mawlai, Shillong, in the first part of the public hearing on the job allocation, Bah Basaiawmoit said, “This is not a struggle between the people. Khasi-Jaintia and Garo but it is a struggle against the government which is silent on the resolution of this issue.
The VDP has warned the people from the village or outside the village not to speak rude words in the village or drink alcohol.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, was the chief guest at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong today. AL Hek as the Chief Executive Officer.
After Gully Boy receiving praise from many viewers and at the same time receiving many awards in the past years the duo reunited in 2022 starring in Rocky Aur Rani Ki Prem Kahani and now it has been announced that they will also perform at Baiju Bawra.
The meeting was attended by officials from the state governments of Dong Mingngi and officers from the central government.
Although it is a distant place and it takes two hours to walk,” he said.
A blue plastic bag was also found near the teenager's body.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has decided to suspend the 3rd Adelbert Memorial Trophy.
Commander said that after talking to the traders who supply from Anjalee, they said that the price of these biscuits has dropped due to the fact that the demand for these biscuits in the eastern part of Assam is very low. There has been a curfew for these two days and the market has been suspended without being able to run the market. land.
The General Secretary of the East Khasi Hills Taxi Welfare Association, Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa, took the drivers of the vehicle to the SP's office. The drivers of the vehicles marched on foot to the SP's office, but the SP was not inside the office.
However, now the corruption has risen to the top and it is no longer possible to eradicate this poison which has destroyed the Khasi people.
Goitre can be acquired at any age and in some cases may even be present from birth.
Here the article clearly shows the harm and effects of excessive smoking.
“Except on the opening day, due to the security reasons, the President did not come to open the door, but after that, everything has been provided and there is nothing left. “It's a complaint,” said Prestone.
Each verse of the Lord's Prayer is important.
Residents from all over the villages of West Khasi Hills and Eastern West Khasi Hills, said that this house robbery has been very severe in other villages, where the robbers have broken into the houses after the lights. Some villages have also conducted patrolling in the evening to prevent the infiltration of houses by robbers.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 14 cases, including 5 high risk, 6 ILI and others.
Training youth groups with this topic will help address these challenges.
It is to be informed that these thefts have happened since the 19th, 20th and 21st of June this month.
The victory of the VPP led by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit to four seats has shocked the people especially the youth who wanted change.
Besides his public service as a doctor, he has also been involved in spiritual service as Tymmen Basan of the Diwon Presbyterian Church, which was ordained Tymmen Basan in
The word Longbriew or Longbynriew means mankind or humankind, so it can also be called a society which can be related to the English word Anthropology.
But here we are talking about the months and days according to the Bible that Daniel said or wrote in the book of Daniel 9:20-2
It will also provide a good basis for collecting taxes from cigarettes and biris.
Officials from the state explained the findings of the survey on the best opportunities in Uttarakhand conducted by the World Food Program (WFP).
The question and concern of many churches here is why in our state, the assistance to the sick is so limited even if they reach those health facilities. Here even if I don't do much field work but these are just a few answers that I have heard and seen with my own eyes whether it is my family, friends or neighbours. awt in the newspaper like that.
The program was also attended by the Director of Operations & Marketing for Miss Universe India, Amjad Khan, Miss Grand International India 2023 Arshina Sumbul and Sophiya Singh. 'Miss Asia Pacific India 2024.
Speaking at a meeting of the National People's Youth Front (NPP) held at Soso Tham Auditorium, Conrad, who is also the National President of the NPP, said the decision to go to the law enforcement authorities was a personal decision. The NPP has nothing to do with it.
MEPA has expressed its condolences to the sudden death of Kenny Warjri , Camerama PCN , who died in an accident in Assam while on his way to Garo Hills for the purpose of reporting on the polling for the GHADC elections to be held tomorrow.
When the BJYM inquired whether the Meghalaya government has not requested the allotment order for the farmers of the state, the two companies BVFCL and MuKTA have not issued the allotment order. The Indian Farmers Fertilizer Cooperative Society (IFFCO) has been unable to deliver fertilizers to the state due to the lack of funds from the Government of Meghalaya. merchants and traders.
This data also helps to monitor the health of poor mothers which is the reason why the state now has fewer maternal deaths.
They were identified as Kit Bok Kassar of Mynthong, Jowai and Daphah Salanmi Rupon of Salaroh, Jowai.
Speaking to media, Bah RB Shadap President of the Ribhoi Dorbar, said that the purpose of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar to invite the leaders and elders is to discuss the issue. Reservation Policy The Ri Bhoi Dorbar would like to thank all those who came to take part and express their views on many issues related to the Reservation Policy before it was submitted to the Expert Committee.
The players of East Khasi Hills District were the winners of the championship, followed by East Jaintia Hills District in second place.
Ramaraju said he has sought many ways and means, but he has not been able to help the needs of the people.
The land dispute between the two villages is pending before the District Council Court.
He said that the PWD workers are still working hard to clear the ground in the middle of the road to release the parked vehicles so that they can enter the village.
“So, we will listen to their request and take a decision after that," he added.
For the old age pension scheme and to introduce the CD Scheme in Amlarem Block and also the PMAYG to be implemented in Amlarem Block as soon as many villages have not received this scheme and There are still many poor villages who need assistance to build poor houses through this scheme.
However, they said that according to the figures they have received, last year there were 857 students in Class XI Arts while this year they have taken only In the subject of science for class XI Science, last year there were 220 students while now it takes only 140 students, in Commerce it takes 119 students last year while now they take only 49 people.
Nongstoiñ, June 10: The residents of the border villages with Assam have demanded that the government should send officers of the Horticulture and Agriculture Departments of the West Khasi Hills District to He also visited the villages on the border with Assam including Nongma, Nongmawlong, Langpih, Sohmarang, Mawdiangsnam, Nongmawlein and many other villages in the area.
They also reminded that if there are any people who fight against, the law to arrest such people does not exist.
He said that sometimes politics has gone too far.
However, Syiem said he wants the District Council Act, the VAB, to come into full effect, which is an Act passed by the Council.
Those who accompanied the officer tried to help him by taking him to Mawsynram CHC, but due to the severity of his injuries, Manoj Kumar died on the spot. ai treatment.
) Therefore, to prepare for His second coming, Jesus is the center of our lives.
The death toll in the United States has risen to 1,02,798 with 1,225 deaths in the past 24 hours. The reason is because they went to open the song, which was covered with the body.
Therefore, the VPP urged the people to be vigilant and not to do anything that disrupts the peace and order and if there is such a thing they have to take responsibility.
Besides, the main allegation from the political parties and supporters who do not want these MLAs to support the NPP, is the word men die ri, rhah spah and rhah shuki.
There have been approximately 165 lawsuits filed in the district.
He said this after many protests against the news that the government led by Conrad K Sangma intends to hand over the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) to the private sector.
As a student who has gone abroad to study and experienced the Ri-Thor, he cannot help but compare the difference between the Khasi Hills and the Thor.
In this regard, the Congress leadership has not yet been able to select or give a final decision on the name of the opposition leader.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17 : The State Government through the Sports Department will honor the medal winners of the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 which ended on Tuesday here in the state. Meghalaya.
He said that the complaint was filed by those who wanted to lodge a complaint with Assam.
Shillong, June 17: The Indian Youth Congress (IYC) has criticized the BJP for sending miss calls to the number set by the party.
The Congress candidate said that if the people allow him to send him to the district council, he will try his best to make good use of the scheme for the benefit of the people, to get money directly from the central government.
This intention to deny responsibility as a government officer, has surprised the working methods of this department, which the public needs to know what it has done.
“We demand an independent investigation but one thing we don't like is the arrest of our party workers at Tura Police Station,” he said.
However, if these Khasi women are not really intelligent, brave and hardworking, I believe that our city of Shillong has become full of robbers because our Khasi country has many families of women. .
The DAO, Ms Shylla, said that the KVK department has taken the lead in providing information to the farmers and explaining that they need to take measures to cultivate these varieties. The department has also brought in a Veterinary Doctor from the Department of Agriculture who has trained the people on how to grow animals and how to inject vaccine. At the same time, she encouraged and advised the farmers of Thuruk village to take up livestock farming so that that their income will increase which will benefit them economically.
For he that loveth the world is the lust of the world: and he that loveth the world loveth the world.
We have been looking after and managing this pool for many decades and many times we have had conflicts with the government and faced many problems.
Four writers from the North Eastern States including Prof Streamlet Dkhar, Dr Esther June Shongwan, Dr Crystal Marak, Dr Apurva Saikia and Riniki Chakravarty Marweiñ visited the entire stadium. also the only place where toilets are famously displayed in the world.
As of November 2022, out of 588 projects, 562 projects in 1664 different locations in the North East have been Geo-Tagged through Satellite and Mobile App images.
“After this incident, he said, there have been complaints from students especially research scholars who have admitted that their guide is involved in illegal activities.
He urged all those who have contacted him to get tested and quarantine themselves.
They have made idols for themselves” (Hosea 18:4-5).
Some have seen Inter Milan return to the title since the draw in April.
The residents of Ri Mulliang area who wanted to complete their work at the Ri Mulliang C&RD Block office have spent a lot of time even after waiting all day, due to the lack of don't have any employees in this shlem.
However, a tragic incident happened when they were on their way home.
“If anyone has an EPIC, they are half.
He said he hopes that this book will be of help to the State Government, District Councils, Khasi States (Hima) and Elaka as well as the Government of India in understanding the uniqueness of the Khasi people and They are the ones who are in the Khasi States.
Bhatia, an associate professor at NEHU and head of the department of biomedical engineering, was arrested on Tuesday.
Meghalaya reached the final for the first time after beating Punjab 2-1 in the first semi-final of the 76th Men's National Football Championship for the Santosh Trophy. The tournament was held at the King Fahd Stadium in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia today.
Williamsong A Sangma, (L) Purno A Sangma, Salseng C Marak, Dr. Mukul Sangma and Conrad K Sangma, while the Khasi people have produced seven Prime Ministers, including (L) DD Pugh Diengdoh, (L) BB Lyngdoh, DD Lapang, EK Mawlong, L Donkupar Roy and FA Khonglam.
If you have any information, please contact Rakkam Sangma at 8258993311/9862278816/9
Various types of rymbai : These are rich in protein and are also very beneficial for mental health.
Shillong, March 02: Shillong, for the first time, will have a cycle parking lot in the state, at Police Bazar, Shillong with the donation of the Delhi Mistan.
Looking at the administration in my country and the state, it is necessary for me to write a little about the administration or politics these days.
He recalled that the Supreme Court of India in the past years has issued a notice that the smuggling of rnga is illegal and the governments of all the states have should be enforced by strict laws.
For the sake of the readers of the news, I would like to mention a few points why I support Ex.Rev.K.Langrin.
In a statement sent by the KSU RIST-USTM Unit, they expressed their gratitude to the DC Ri Bhoi for taking action after the complaint of these students. These places are free from the payment of hostel fees.
The Minister was accompanied by Secretary M Sathiyavathy and Additional Secretary Heera Lal Samaria.
Our being deceived by the MLAs and MDCs before the elections promised to look after the society of the people and in any difficult areas in our society, but all that they promised to the people When they win, they turn from behind to the top especially here in our area. I see that the road and there are some villages in our constituency are difficult, even to walk is difficult; and the chariots were driven only by the chariots.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: U MLA of 19th Shillong South Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai, on Tuesday said that the NCP will win more than he won in the mid-term MDC elections from Laban-Mawprem constituency. I didn't win the MDC elections.
Speaking to reporters on July 29, Bah Latiplang said, “The influx of various ethnic groups from Manipur is terrible and here they are providing shelter”.
The problems faced by the people can only be solved if the PHE department listens to the voice of the people and provides for their needs. The office will take the necessary action as promised by the SDO, said Samla Purningstar Shabong.
Theologically it is the incarnation of God in Jesus.
The family members of the deceased are requested to contact 9612952398 if anyone has seen her.
Even the traffic police have faced difficulties in driving during heavy traffic jams, and it has been witnessed that the law does not do anything to the drivers of two wheelers, who enter and drive out of space by violating the rules of traffic. vehicles just so they can reach their destination quickly.
Naatu Naatu's Best Original Song award at the Oscars will be a memorable one for everyone especially the citizens of India as no song from this country has ever been selected or received the Oscars. Oscars.
Shillong: The first match of the U-19 Men's Cooch Behar Trophy between Meghalaya and Mizoram was canceled due to heavy rain. Polo.
How can the leaders who claim to be Christians not be ashamed to speak as believers in Christian teachings and do the same?” Bah Adelbert also called on all believers to pray to God that he shall appoint qualified leaders who can work for the good of the country and the state as a whole.
According to police sources, Golar Begum, 11, was abducted by the robbers on the 20th of July at 1 pm.
In another match, North East Shower Blind Football Club (NESBFC) of Arunachal Pradesh beat Garo National Blind Football Club (GNBFC) 2-0 with a goal from Klingson.
The incident happened at 3:30 pm on Sunday when a lightning bolt struck near the house and the fire spread to the children.
However, the MDA government has not done this, but in the SOP of the MDA government, it has been owned by the MDA government”.
This survey provides basic information to calculate the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP).
Meghalaya was selected among 360 projects from around the world at the beginning of the year.
Shillong Civil Hospital has immediately suspended all the pharmacists including nurses from distributing these medicines to the patients until further notice.
In Assam, these Bangladeshi Dkhars have not been able to invade because Assam is a large state and the people have not allowed them to invade.
Not only miracles, but also miracles and wonders.
Kim tree talk to someone else.
We will have to see how they work.
Besides these, there were no other players to win the bronze medal after no more players in this category.
Police said that on 18th June at about 10:30 pm, robbers shot and beat Ambase Thapa (40) at Jhalupara, Shillong. He was admitted to Civil Hospital, Shillong for treatment.
ASSOCHAM has organized this program in collaboration with the Ministry of AYUSH, Government of India.
Shillong, November 2: The National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) in a meeting with reporters at Shillong Press Club today said that the government needs to amend the Reservation Policy. The three ethnic groups in the state, Khasi, Jaintia and Garo, whether in terms of employment or education.
Up to 33 teams have come to participate in the tournament to compete for the title and a cash prize of 20,000 tyngka for the winner and 10,000 tyngka for the winner. for the second-place team.
Ankita Lama scored 38 runs after Meghalaya lost several wickets for a few runs to help Meghalaya. to score 91 for eight wickets and need 20 runs to win.
Several Rots also brought news to inform the public about the rapid development of Science and Technology.
Up to 53 foreigners have received shops from this department and only 12 Khasi.
The Supreme Court on July 20, 2013, has given five months to the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes to clarify the ST status of the Prime Minister.
The victims are a father, a mother and two children.
Nongjrong village in Mawkynrew East Khasi Hills District has become famous through a youth from Nongjrong village, Misonwell Rangtong, who posted a picture on Instagram of himself.
Shillong, Naitung 14: Dozens of members and leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Thursday turned up at the Main Secretariat to condemn the government led by the Meghalaya Democratic Youth Alliance (MDA). The National People's Party (NPP) has failed to get the Inner Line Permit (ILP) to include the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule.
What is more surprising is why those companies building Shillong Dawki Road, which have damaged the hills, rivers, forests and especially those who have caused damage to the vehicles passing through this road as we have seen. Recently, witnesses said that the stones have damaged vehicles and caused injuries and pain to the people who pass by on this road.
God loves all the people in the world so He reminds them, He comes to visit this world with evil diseases, plagues, famines, floods and others so that people can know Him. There is a great God, the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, who never changes what he says.
The KSU has alleged that the OC of Mawkyrwat has assaulted a member of the KSU, Milkyson Snaitang. 21st of this month, while the member was on his way to sign a letter to the OC, because he intends to apply for the army.
Ukrainian authorities on Friday said Russian missiles had hit and destroyed the country's power plants near Kyiv and surrounding areas.
The President of the Forum, Bishop P. Lyngdoh, said how the SAFF leaders have come forward to assist the government in raising awareness among the people in the implementation of the Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs).
From the Muktapur Village Council.
We have set a goal to be involved with different stakeholders, so we haven’t decided yet.
Shock (shok) - which means shock translated from the English word.
David Warner, Travis Head, Steven Smith (C), Marnus Labuschagne, Mitchell Marsh, Marcus Stoinis, Alex Carey, Glenn Maxwell and Cameron have been selected for the tournament. Green, Josh Inglis, Sean Abbott, Ashton Agar, Mitchell Starc, Nathan Ellis, Adam Zampa.
In addition, to take care of the household, go to the market and other activities for 10 hours a day will be T.2,500 thousand per month, to take care of small children or to take care of the elderly (all 10 days) for five hours a day will be T.12,000 thousand per month, and for household chores for five hours a day will be T.12,000 thousand per month.
“You are the ones who don't have the opportunity to study here in different courses.
Meanwhile, 120 students contested in the Arts stream with a pass percentage of 98.3 per cent. Ramanpreet Kaur came in 1st position with 94 per cent and Amelia Mawthoh and Sneha Sutradhar came in 1st position with 94 per cent. 93 and 89.2 per cent.
When the sky became dark, Bah Deng did not hesitate to leave.
As of Saturday, nearly 2.43 lakh people have been affected by floods in 13 districts.
Drivers are not allowed to stop halfway and are asked to pack food in advance.
The people must fight against corruption, arrangements by TAKING MONEY, DO NOT GIVE VOTE and only that, selfish people, selfish people who copy, hangamei, clever, proud, will phet crad soit to the field.
The union also requests other groups and individuals to lend a helping hand to this family.
“There are some areas where we fall under the border dispute, but when we went to examine it, we found that there is no dispute in these areas and not all the villages. 30% of these villages which fall under the border dispute do not have any dispute and some of them are in areas where there is no dispute. The Government will continue to consider and discuss these issues”.
This can be seen from the attendance of the public when they come to show Khasi films in rural areas even in inadequate halls.
The union also discussed the issues of regularization of service, arrears of advance higher qualification and ACP of Govt.
It is also said that the menshohnoh does exist but it can only be proved if you see or find that it is chasing people especially a stranger or someone who comes to take children's tupia or any clothes.
The followers of Jesus Christ, Christians, are like the light in this world to which the people of the whole world look to lead in the path that should bring peace and harmony, who can reconcile among themselves. man to make this world an Eden of peace by following and obeying the teachings of the Bible, the Word of God, because the teachings of the Word of God are so precious and powerful that everyone needs it is in life as it is in need of milk.
He said that this has happened because many of the Khasi youths who are addicted to alcohol are langknia while those who deliver and addict to alcohol are mostly khyllah jait.
Shillong, March 29: The Under Secretary of the Political Department of Meghalaya today announced that the High Court has directed the state government to deploy female policemen in plain clothes in all places such as bus stops, car parks, parks, cinemas and other public places to guard against any violence.
According to the exporter leader, the exporters have to submit a Mining Plan and then they have to complete many documents until they get the clearance.
According to the Khasi-English Dictionary of Rev. E. Bars, the Sohra word means 'Cornice or Mantlepiece', which in the Oxford Dictionary means both. The English language refers to the designs on the houses or walls or the furniture, the decoration of the houses, the clothes or the clothes.
The streets along the roads of Jowai city which are used for pedestrian traffic have been filled with shopkeepers who have used these places as their shops where they sell their goods. vegetables, fruits and second hand clothes.
Shillong, Nailar 12: Police have arrested three persons identified as Dr. Alexander Lyngdoh, 55, Joster Synshiang, 55, of PHC Riangdo. 20 years old, Rockystar Marwein (22) and Pashal L. Marshillong were arrested in a Maruti car (ML-05H-5698). Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, at Goodwood Bungalow, Shillong.
The OM dated 10th May 2022 published in the Gazette of Meghalaya on May 26, 2022 states in Clause D-1- In order to prepare the Reservation Roster, the names of the applicants who hold the post until the date of This OM will start with the first applicants, from the time of implementation of the Reservation Policy, according to the availability of information, can be filled in the Reservation Roster according to the Roster.
Rakkam said the MDA government since 2018 has done well in terms of improving education in the state but the government still has a lot of work to do for the development of the state as a central hub. in terms of education in India as a whole.
The supporters should first ask the party leaders from each constituency who they want to nominate as candidates this time to fight against the sitting MLAs. The answer is the same.
The BFI has selected 13 Rangiakura players from the country to compete in the ongoing tournament. with 538 athletes including several Olympic medalists from 107 countries.
The cost of operation may come from funds within the 15th Finance Commission.
To remind you here that the short memory of us Khasi children as we have seen in the past, it makes us afraid that we may fall back after the trials that cannot be overcome. to cancel the proposal to set up a casino, to get Block I and Block II in the second phase of the border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam, etc.
Shillong: The office of Jirang Community and Rural Development (J&RD) Block in Ri Bhoi District of Meghalaya has been declared as a containment zone.
She stressed on the need to recognize the roles of the youth to involve them in income generation.
IIM Umsawli has signed social agreements with 20 International Business Schools for the exchange of knowledge with students from other countries of the world.
Shillong, November 9: The first Khasi film to receive the National Film Award has been selected as one of the 26 films from across India at the Indian Panorama Feature Film Section. has received praise after its release in Goa at the 45th International Film Festival of India.
That is, as soon as the remaining 1 month or 7 years is completed, God will end these things and Jesus Christ will be revealed after that 1 month so that he can rule 1000 years over this earth, and it will be heaven. new earth and new earth at that time.
“What he has done in his term, no one else has done.
NEUFC is expected to sign him.
There are many preachers and religious leaders these days who are like Pastors, Elders, Fathers... who preach to convert the people.
“For four years, the UDP-led EC has been running smoothly without any mistakes and any problems and we cannot understand their intention to create no confidence. more today and we need to talk about this".
Because if they are young, they don’t understand the writings of the elderly.
“Anyone found guilty of causing trouble, drinking alcohol on the streets, on the roads which may disturb the public, will be arrested and taken to the police station for prosecution,” said the source. from the Department of Defense.
However, for those who still exist, who still hold and who still know their origin, some religious people have tried to destroy it and the government does not recognize it.
“Those who wish to register their marriage by arranging for a medical ceremony can book a place and arrange a date where they will inform the people at the DC office to come and register and distribute the marriage certificate to them,” he said. said the DC office.
Earlier, his lawyer Krishna Sunar told reporters that the court had granted him bail with fine.
Shylla said they will hold a special session on the Bill which started in Khasi Hills and will extend to Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills where the cleanliness is more prevalent.
God's purpose through Jesus Christ on earth is to give mankind eternal life.
Four Meghalaya players scored more than 10 runs and only one player scored more than 33 runs, Joydeepan Deb.
When asked about the number of MDCs in the UDF-led EC, Latiplang Kharkongor said that with the support of two UDA MDCs, the UDF has now reached 15 MDCs and Explaining on the departure of Grace Kharpuli from the UDF, Latiplang Kharkongor said the UDF welcomes any MDC who wishes to support the UDF EC. Grace Kharpuli wants to return to the UDF but she will not get the post of Deputy CEM because she refused to join the UDA. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that 15 MDCs are not the minimum number of MDCs in the district councils. Shillong: Two UDP MDCs, Paul Lyngdoh and Teiborlang Pathaw, have visited the United Democratic Forum (UDF) led by Latiplang Kharkongor in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The UDP has decided to seek a reply from Bah Paul and Bah Teibor inside the office of the President and Lamphang Lyngdoh. 24 hours, to explain their support for the EC led by Bah Latiplang.
At the ceremony, the NPP Mawhati presented him with flowers, a valuable jain, souvenirs and a golden Sati, which they had made specially for him.
US President Joe Biden on Friday collapsed during his visit to a special US aviation day in Colorado.
In South West Khasi Hills, Maharam Government Higher Secondary School is the only government school in South West Khasi Hills. Out of the 23 posts allocated for teachers, 8 posts are vacant. , among these vacant posts from
The Umïam Dorbar Shnong will investigate and if found guilty, they will have to face punishment.
Shillong, March 03: The Central Government is ready to implement computerization for the beneficiaries of food items such as rice through the National Food Security Act (NFSA) to avoid the practice of computation. fraud and the slowness in the implementation of this scheme.
Nongstoiñ: Solid Target FC will face Galaxy XI in the Rani Motors Knock Out Football Tournament 2018 sponsored by Laitkseh Sport Club (LSC) today. Solid Target FC will play from Mairang WKHD while Galaxy XI will play from Pynursla EKHD and the match between the two teams will start at 2:30 PM. in the field of Mawkynjoin.
Shillong Lajong FC have signed Karim Samb for the second time in preparation for the upcoming season. Brazil, Daniel Goncalves.
The union has asked why the company does not publish job vacancies in the newspapers, especially in the Khasi newspapers, so that the youth of the country can open their own jobs. The manager of the company said that the policy of the company is not to advertise vacancies in the newspapers, but if there are vacancies, they are informed.
In addition, it was suggested to identify religious groups and churches to hold meetings to focus on cancer prevention and treatment.
Shillong, July 9: Anderson Secondary School, New Nongstoin, Shillong, has won the title with 136 points out of 150 points. , along with a buskit of money to encourage the school children to love and care for the Mother Nature.
In fact, we should be ashamed because we have not had a full Legislative Assembly for more than 22 years.
If the chiefs of the Basan and the members who work with the Doloi come to the Mawknor, a mawbynna or a heavy mawlyngkniap to distribute the proceeds of the tax, they too receive a share.
The saying goes, "The hand that cradles rules the world" The hand that cradles rules the whole world.
Shillong: The Olim Singh Syiem Memorial Trophy has been held at Mawryngkang Stadium on Tuesday morning.
:The new Khasi song, “Porkhona childhood”, will be released on the 14th of March
The farmers have given their lives in this new year
It is for this reason that the MLAs at that time divided the appointment quota in the ratio of 40:40:5:1
"I'm not afraid to speak out," she said.
The Dorbar Shnong requests everyone to work together to protect the environment and wildlife within the boundary of the Shnong.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah H.Sangleiñ, one of the village leaders, said that the Langpih Dorbar Shnong conducts a cleaning of the village roads once a year.
In this regard, the union urged the relevant department to take immediate action on this issue so that the students of the school can benefit.
Such cases may misrepresent the employment rate among those who should receive quotas, as it may appear that all the jobs that have not been filled belong to one ethnic group who should receive quotas.
He added that therefore there is a need for laws and they cannot be abolished because man without laws is no different from animals.
At the same time, he expressed his concern over the emergence of groups who speak out against their demands through religion, and this has caused sadness and dissatisfaction because Meghalaya and the region. Northeast India has been a place of peace between different ethnic groups and religions in the past.
Under this programme, up to five SHGs have received loans worth T.12 lakh from various banks, two of which are through Meghalaya Rural Bank, Wapung. The branch was handed over by the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat, A.Banarwal, IAS, to the Self Help Groups of Pamra-Paithlu and Laibaitshaphrang Self Help Groups of Wapung School. of T.2 Tooth.
ACHIK's statement came after the VPP admitted that it is a party that stands for the welfare of all the citizens of the state without discriminating between Khasi and Garo.
Young men of various political parties, I personally feel that with this ILP (Inner Line Permit), your xenophobia will not be cured.
Jowai, June 11: The Chief Minister U-12 Open Football Tournament 2023 for boys and girls was organized by the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai. Jowai for Namdong Block has reached the final today.
According to the State Manager, only those who sleep in the General ward will benefit from this scheme.
There were also songs, dances and skits performed by the women to celebrate the special day of the women.
On this occasion, the youth, women's organizations and village leaders cleaned up the road.
A total of 21 coaches from Meghalaya and North Eastern States were trained by AIFF Grassroots Anju Turambekar with the assistance of MFA CEO Arki Nongrum.
These tests will be conducted from time to time in various regions across the country to check the performance of the emergency information facilities, mobile operators and cell broadcast systems.
Fertilizers are one of the key inputs in food production to meet the needs of the country’s 1.4 billion people.
As the days go by and as the years go by, she is very happy,” said Palei, Banisha's mother.
Sohra 106 mm.
Heminder Das, son of Heminder Das, has registered in EPIC & ADHAR at Pommura, although the Dorbar Shnong does not have any information and recognition. you're a man.
That sheep cup snieh sheep.
The MPSC has recently announced two vacancies for Assistant Conservator in the Forest Department.
There is no time left to sleep, the voice of the crowd is loud, but it is still lyngngai.
According to Babu Albert Lyngwa, who came from Mawphlang to Nongkyna, Lyngngam, in 1957-58, those who came to Markasa said that they had come to Lyngngam.
Moopyut, it's been nine months since I met you.
God is trustworthy.
So far, six people have lost their lives, while another 14-year-old child has died in hospital from severe illness on Monday night after working on a bih tit which they ate and harvested from the forest in Lamin village.
Replying to a question on how much peace will bring peace to the residents if he comes to power, he said that he is no longer a new person in terms of law and order. Order and all the people witnessed what he did when he was the SP of East Khasi Hills in the past few years.
Police are conducting a thorough investigation to find out the truth about the incident which has resulted in the loss of one life.
Nongstoiñ, July 17: For many of the rural people of the State, hard work is the way to improve income and livelihood.
“Many households in South Tura also lack drinking water,” said Richard Marak.
“Of course, Mother, I too, but how we have loved each other so much and been so close, we have reached this point, even I can't imagine.
He added that as a youth of Ri Bhoi, he will continue to support the Association so that it can continue to hold such tournaments, because the football tournament these days has become very popular. One of the ways to improve the employment opportunities for the youth and also that if the youth spend time in sports they will also avoid many evils such as alcohol, drugs and other alcoholic beverages. who destroy the life of young men, he added.
Rudra Singh Rathore opened the scoring with 18 runs but Meghalaya failed to bat and scored 37 runs.
Causes of prie-pynhiar disease :- We all know that the rainy season is the time when food spoils quickly due to the heat of the weather and the spread of diseases and water pollution due to the flooding.
It also affects the soil, the rivers, the seas and the cleanliness of the air we breathe.
The winners will receive a cash prize of Rs 5 lakh.
“Before signing the MoU, the IIPHS-PHFI has reviewed the MLCU Act, 2005, along with the Statute and Rules of the MLCU. Section 7 (c) allows the MLCU to cooperate with other training centers and training institutions in the health sector, and the government and voluntary groups to provide various training in you read you book.
During his service, Pastor C.Jyrwa has held various positions in the Synod, Assembly and PCI. He has also been the Secretary of the Bible Society of India, Shillong. Auxiliary and was also President of the John Roberts Theological Seminary.
This is as the saying goes: When you are rich, you are rich, and all your hearts are overwhelmed by selfishness and the greed for unjust wealth.
The MEIDP was implemented by the Meghalayan Age Limited (MAL), a government company under the supervision of the Planning Department.
Only this time there will be a switch to English as he speaks.
On the other hand, the party expresses its gratitude to the MLA for taking the initiative to demand and bring the issues of the area to the Legislative Assembly.
“We have already sent a proposal to the Ministry of Women and Child Development to cover all the villages which do not have Anganwadi Centres,” he said. How within two years they will be able to set up these centers in those villages which do not yet have them.
“We are fighting once again to drive away the spirit of patriotism. Other parties are focused only on economic development from Delhi, but we are fighting to drive away the wind of patriotism,” he added.
g.
Colonel Gautam Rai, Director of the Rajya Sainik Board Meghalaya, said the rally was held in Tura with the aim of addressing the needs of the retired soldiers and their families living in the country. He said that it is his duty to support the retired soldiers and their families so that they can have a life free from problems.
The CMIE also said that those in employment fell by 3.8 million in October 2022, bringing the total number of unemployed to 428 million in the past five months.
“This is the India of today, which is fearless and steady in work.
After the meeting, many of the people left for their homes by passing through Motphran, but when they reached the place, the police did not allow anyone to leave. Police released only those who walked slowly, after many of them came out of the public meeting at Student Square, which ended at 3.30 pm.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Police have dropped the charge of attempted murder u/s 307 IPC against a driver of a commercial vehicle who collided with the vehicle of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma. Sangma on the 11th of June at 3 rd Upper Shillong at 1:30 pm.
A club source said Mount is expected to be able to return to the field soon after the temporary suspension of the tournament due to friendlies and other matches between the countries.
Eugenson Lyngdoh, Aiborlang Khongjee and Marlangki Suting are the athletes of the country,” said the Prime Minister while addressing a public meeting at Madan Polo, Shillong.
Rupert Murdoch, the 93-year-old newspaper tycoon, has married for the fourth time, this time to Elena Zhukova.
What is the meaning behind this plan is unknown.
The boundary between Meghalaya and Assam was not clearly stated in the document but it was stated that those territories before 1972 fell under the autonomous state of Meghalaya. created under Section 3 of the Assam Reorganization (Meghalaya) Act, 1969 (55 of 1969); and all those territories including the cantonment and municipality in Shillong which were not included at the time of the autonomous state or self-governing state, shall no longer be part of the state of Assam.
He said that the musical instruments and musical instruments are great tools to preserve the customs and traditions in many areas, whether in folklore, happiness, religious rituals. , the strong advice to the children and the society to live tipbriew tipblei and to earn the right.
On the other hand, the union in the petition sent to the Minister said that the government should do something about the problem of the people to provide a proper color road to make it easier for the people to travel.
Jowai: The Jaintia Football Academy (JFA) will hold a tournament for men and women in the Under-10, Under-12 and Under-14 categories at Jrisalein Stadium, Chutwakhu, Jowai.
It has announced that those who violate these prohibitions will be arrested and handed over to the law enforcement authorities , and those who provide information will be punished after being arrested and finding out the truth about the crimes The names of the informants will be kept confidential, said the Rangbah Shnong.
The Meghalaya Affordable Housing Scheme (MAHS) was announced by Mukul Sangma while speaking at the 67th Independence Day of India at Polo Ground on Friday.
Today, the country and the State are in dire straits and have a terrible crisis.
She also expressed her strong opposition to clean marriage.
It has also introduced other incentives, which if the ASHAs work smart and hard, can reach a salary of up to 7,000 to 8,000 tyngka per month.
Our Khasi Pnars have been the ones who have been selling the land for three years.
Before leaving Kabul, Saleh told his follower, “We will go to Panjshir and fight together, without hesitation.
“We need to turn to the roots of land tenure where public land cannot be sold or traded by the village headmen, hima headmen,” said the CEM. Shillong, October 27: U Myntri Rangbah. Dr. Mukul Sangma has traveled around Garo Hills to campaign for the Congress candidate Daryl Momin. NPP candidate Purno A Sangma from Tura seat.
We are grateful to the doctors, nurses and staff of Woodland Hospital, Shillong who have worked hard to treat her, but a dark cloud has suddenly struck our family.
He said that these rules should have been set by the UDP in the past, not only during the time of Bah Ardent and asked whether there have been such rules in the past. .
According to the Director of Health Services (MI), Dr Aman War, the deceased was identified as Irene Makri, 3 years old. A woman from Umdihar, Ri Bhoi District, died on the way to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh on 9th June
He said that 'Mann Ki Baat' has been at the forefront of showcasing inspiring works in the rural areas of the country including the rural areas as well as the aspirational districts.
For example, not only the vehicles that bring tourists to the state, but most of them are from Assam.
The festival will be held at Thadlaskeiñ, Lad Mukhla, West Jaintia Hills from the 7th to the 15th of this month.
“As we often hear the complaints of the visitors and residents of Mawlai about the sma iwtung that comes from this place, my duty is not only to stay in Mawlai. Secretariat but I also want to inspect the condition of this garbage dump.
In West Garo Hills, 11 cases have been confirmed, 2 cases in South Garo Hills, 1 case in East Jaintia Hills, 1 case in Ribhoi District and 1 death today. , and East Khasi hills.
Shillong: The Ministry of Law and Justice, Government of India today issued an order to appoint Wanlura Diengdoh as the new Judge of the Meghalaya High Court.
He said that according to the law, the traders should display the prices of the goods they sell in the shops so that the public can know and see.
The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) has agreed to leave the government's proposal to evict them from the area. which is between Sor.
“In the past two years, it has caused a lot of difficulties for the MPSC to conduct the examinations. “It has been ordered by the court especially in relation to the roster system, where the departments have had to follow it before they can come forward to start proceeding with the recruitment,” said Conrad.
She urged the police to register a case against Sanjay and investigate and punish him according to the law. the state.
Kong Adlyne Khonglam, you are a poet, singer and musician with a strong voice that touches the hearts and strength of the people with your songs and words about rural life, the slow voice in the end and the bright voices in the society. .
However, the party does not allow them to work in the West.
On the other hand, the HYC, Ri Bhoi Sepngi, through its Publicity Secretary, Samla John Makri, said that the HYC, Ri Bhoi Sepngi, through its Publicity Secretary, Samla John Makri, said that the HYC cannot refuse to speak out on this issue. Electricity supply to many villages in Ri Bhoi Sepngi.
Those who have done these brave deeds and wish to receive this award can send a letter to the office of the Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills.
Shillong, June 11: Shillong College has signed a memorandum of understanding with the Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU) to provide educational training to those youth who do not have the opportunity to pursue higher education.
Until now, Maduh is still healthy and continues to sell newspapers around the Nongstoiñ market. He also helps the market dwellers when they send him to work. siaw and also to play draft.
“As the party which has a strong office in Mawlai, we express our anger at the remarks of Ms Ampareen which has angered us the residents of Mawlai,” said the office bearers of the party.
Shillong, Lber 28: A group of non-government teachers in the state (JACATAM) will meet the Minister of Human Resources Development, Smirti Irani tomorrow during her visit to the city.
The implementation will be done in phases I and II and the government is awaiting approval from the central government.
There is no count of the number of red small vehicles that operate in the city every day and there is no count of how many buses and small vehicles of MUDA have been left outside.
“He goes to work to provide for his children and family but who can expect such a tragedy to happen in our house, and because we know for sure that this “It is not that he died due to illness but he was beaten up. Therefore, we demand that those involved should be punished according to the rules of law against murderers,” said his son. Mr. Roning and Mr. Thlingstar.
Speaking to Rupang, the Pastor of the Synod, Pastor ER Kharkrang, admitted that these days the power of Satan has worked hard among the people.
Most of the dead were those who were eating and cooking step food, but it is believed that there was a fault in the lighting of the train and the fire spread quickly. Most of the parts of the Tezpam train, which runs from Rawalpindi to Islamabad to Karachi.
He said that there are robbers who used to destroy school buildings and other government buildings in the area.
“This lack of attention by the opposition to come together to resolve this issue has disappointed the residents who were expecting to resolve this issue for the people living in the villages. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Lahkmen.
Dr Mukul said the demand from the Prime Minister to convene the State Community Mission meeting urgently is because there are many reasons, but the Prime Minister has not responded at all. and this shows his lack of concern if there are any incidents in the state.
It can also be said that these are the few months when the people can ask questions to the candidates especially the MLAs what they have done for the constituency in the last four years as leaders and why they have done so. They have failed to fulfill the promises they made to the people before the elections.
Jesus is the word.
On the same day, the Minister also visited Lawbah PHC to see that the works are going smoothly.
He that hath eyes to see, let him see: and he that hath ears to hear, let him hear: “for the time is at hand” Revelation 1:3
All persons involved in the carrying of the idol should be well informed about the precautionary measures against COVID-1
He said that he cannot forget to bless the NPP for its progress in all fields, so that the state can develop through the hard work of its leaders.
“The purpose of this inspection is to build a museum, a cafe, a parking lot and at the same time to declare this place as a Heritage Building where Rabindranath Tagore lived. more than 100 years when Tagore came to Shillong,” he said.
Minister Duh mentioned the contribution of women members of the Legislative Assembly who have contributed to its rise.
Welcoming the various political parties who came to support the VPP, Bah Basaiawmoit urged the political parties to be vigilant and not to throw fuel on the fire. it is against the government and not against any nation.
No entry from Lumjingshai to Forest Colony is allowed but vehicles should pass through Lawmali-Polo.
The government has been too stingy with life and death.
Other speakers at the meeting included Sosthenes Sohtun, NPP MLA from Jirang, Victor Ranee, MDC from Jirang, Pynehborlang Mukhim, UDP Mawryngkneng President, C Kharkongor and others. .
The stories of Elisha about “the death in the pot” and Ezekiel about “the valley of the bones” should make us think seriously and ask, “Can we choose the life and liberty in the midst of death and despair? Can we restore justice and righteousness? The valley is filled with only bones and these bones are dry, lifeless, shapeless.
Likewise, Rangbah, JJM Nichols Roy, who has strongly advocated for the Sixth Schedule to empower us to hold fast to our customs and traditions, may not have thought that part of the from the Khasi-Pnars who have not yet become Christians will lose their rights as minorities.
Respecting high-ranking officials or public representatives (MLAs/MPs) is a respect for selfish gain.
The same is true from the North East to the North East of Shillong.
In collaboration with the Jindal Company, there have been about 10 schools in my constituency which have improved with the aim of upgrading them according to the level of schools,” he said.
He was allegedly unable to calculate the income and expenditure of the Hima and was said to have run his own business.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 18: To celebrate Children's Day at its office, the Reach Shillong Ministry on Saturday celebrated Children's Day with these children. UDP Minister Bah Paul Lyngdoh who was the chief guest distributed gifts to the children who have been raised and cared for by the Children's Home, Open Day Shelter, Open Day Shelter, Mawblei, RMS School for Underprivilege and Open Day Shelter, Nongmensong, 24 Hours Crisis Management Centre.
The Meghalaya Minister of State for PWD, Sniawbhalang Dhar, MLAs and MDCs, along with other officials, will attend the Behdeinkhlam festival. government are invitees.
Is there anything new to look forward to? Can the old give us encouragement and hope? Thousands of years ago Ecclesiastes asked this question and the same question we ask and will continue to ask for generations to come.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 11: Mawphanlur Village, which is located on the slopes of the Mawthadraishan Hills, is famous for its beautiful tourist attractions.
The meeting was conducted by Sebastian Sapuh who is also the Organizing Secretary of JSM Western Region.
The Government should understand the problems of the people and should immediately fix this system of power outages in these border villages and villages where the temperature has increased over the years.
This was announced in a statement by Bah S.Lyngdoh, Publicity Secretary.
“Of course, as the party has the aim to bring peace and prosperity, at the same time the party urges those people on the border to unite and not to bring However, the party cannot help but express its sorrow, because the inability of Meghalaya and Assam to resolve the exact border, has led to many unrest and “It is only because of the inability of Meghalaya and Assam to resolve the border issue,” said Bishnu Teron.
The JYF immediately handed over the case to the Women Wings where the two leaders of the JYF Women Wing, Arlind Dkhar and Friday Suna helped to lodge a complaint against him. to the robber of the child's body.
The Dorbar was adjourned and the Secretary was entrusted to meet with Bah Shanbor and convene the Dorbar again.
She last arrived in Shillong in July to meet her relatives and this was the last time she met her family before the incident.
"“On that day, there was also a request from the schools to complete the age screening as they cannot come back on another day as it will affect the children and also the cost. service.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) today said that the Council has urged the government to open all the shops. in the villages, in order to avoid the congestion and congestion of the people to buy food items during this time of crisis in the fight against Coronavirus.
Therefore, as the leader of the KSU, he encouraged the students to succeed in their studies and to preserve the culture and traditions wherever they are, so that they can become bright stars in their lives.
The appointment of the Committee was approved by the President of the AICC today.
Rakkam said that at present it cannot be arranged but the State Government will take steps to send teachers who have not completed their training as they have to complete their training according to the rules. .
“Ni phi Kong Mer, today I came to take medicine with that daughter of Bah, who was sick. When I reached Robert's house, they found that she was poor...” said Niakha, Rida.
The Jews or Israelites were allowed to use sacrifices only for 3 and a half years and almost between the three and a half years of the 7 years, it was the time when Satan would be cast out of heaven (second heaven) as Jesus said, Luke 10:12.
My letter has just been sent to the Director of NEIGRIHMS in the hope that I will understand better what happened,” said Kong Ampareen.
On the other hand , u Bah Malngiang said that if the two states , Assam and Meghalaya cannot resolve the border , there is only one way the Supreme Court.
In reply, AJCA easily reached the target with the loss of only 10 wickets for Rohit Sharma (1/19).
He said that this collection of information is not to find reasons, but to find a way to improve.
It is to be recalled that after the strong protests on July 9, 2018, the Government has appointed a High Level Committee to find ways and means for the eviction of the Harijans living in Thew Marketplace.
I Bah Deng Shylla in relation to these statements, but it is not as he said, because I did not apply or go looking for this job, but with the advice of those who know, especially Dr Donkupar Roy. Former Speaker, it is the Government of Meghalaya which has appointed me among others who have announced, because the basis for the appointment of any nominated member, is not only for those who want, like baptizing children or the elderly. crow, baby or not.
Justice Jag Jivan Ram Midha said the complaint was not sufficient and rejected these grounds.
He said that the inability to remove the stones and soil on this road has created problems especially when it comes to the need to go to health centers or to buy medicines from Ranikor or Balat.
The vegetables I grow include: Muli, Pudina, Shrimp, Salad, Jaud, Jamyrdoh, Kawang, Ri, Jhur-thliem and Sohkhia. Lumjingshai, Shillong, she also expressed her happiness that her household has a lot of jhur from her small garden.
Besides, Bah Wahlang said that many youths in the state have the feeling that other youths are better and more intelligent than them, but when they compete with other youths from other places, , it was found that these youths of our state are doing very well, but what is needed is to encourage them to be brave that they can do anything in their lives to get the harvest. the fruit of victory.
The training will start on the 17th March, 2022 at Mawkyrwat from 7:30 to 10:30 pm and the age range will be from 18 to 27 years and those who have passed class 10 and above.
However, it is sad to hear that despite the presence of all these tourist attractions in the area, the number of tourists in the area is very low compared to other tourist destinations. In this State, tourists to Nongkhnum Village are more numerous and prefer to come only during the festivals or only during the rainy season to eat khana but at other times they are very few and quiet. slam slam.
Shillong: After the issue of uranium mining in the state has come to a head after the Government of Meghalaya and the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have already closed the chapter on uranium mining in the state, a group has suddenly emerged. They said that it is a NGO from Nongkrem, which has sent a petition to the Government of India urging to revive the uranium mining project in Meghalaya.
(6) All market managers, residential areas and market managers shall ensure the separation of waste from the source within one year from the date of issuance of this rule (April 2016).
However, one of the proverbs that says 'do unto others as you would have them do unto you' is important to remember so that we can be people who think far ahead before making decisions against anyone so that They will reach a good goal by rewarding evil with good and this is the foundation on which we can build each other up.
To commemorate the milestone of the Block Office in Jirang, the MLA of Jirang Constituency, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun came to lay the foundation stone for the construction of the Block Office. The foundation stone laying ceremony was attended by the Director of Rural Development, SC Sadhu, MDC Jirang, Bah Balajied Rani, Block Development Officer, Jirang Block. Dr PR Hajong, PD DRDA, Raja Brahma, SDO Civil Sub Division, Bah MB Tongper, other officers and village leaders of Western Ri Bhoi.
This will be the salary to be paid to the teachers until November 2020 and the Minister said that the state government has allocated T.79 crore to pay the salaries of these teachers. The book written by Samla Iamangstone Mawkhiew entitled Iaw Bei will be released on the 28th of this month by Bah Gavin M Mylliemngap MLA at KJP Girls Higher Secondary School Shillong at 1 pm. .
In this regard, he said that they have urged the Assam side to be more strict in terms of marking the border areas so that the residents who are the villagers will not face any problems and so that to be able to settle in a peaceful and peaceful manner.
Amita Sangma, on the other hand, has filed a complaint in the High Court, saying she wants the CBI to investigate into the shooting of her and Agnes in Sohshrieh.
Seven people have lost their lives in a drowning in West Jaintia Hills District.
He said that during this meeting he received clarification on the issues such as the NGT coal ban but this issue is with the central government's law to resolve it and other issues related to the operation of the NGT. party.
Bah Nongbri said that his main goal is to bring about economic reform or change in terms of income and economic development, especially in the field of agriculture and development. to improve the lives of the poor in many ways.
“This is a political ploy of the Congress,” said UDP Secretary Allantry F Dkhar.
They live only in corruption, party change and struggle for power.
The Jaintia Police has paid tribute to the policemen who gave their precious lives in the performance of their duties.
Many dams in other countries have collapsed suddenly.
“To count the wages is unacceptable at all because the workers cannot refuse to hold a strike just because they demand to be appointed as full time employees.
So she turned back to her mother and asked.
If there is any problem or difficulty on the part of the government, we will not be responsible.
"We clean the Russian's water supply to get more water to drink," Swanson told CNN. "This goes beyond politics, but, you must save yourself".
The purpose of setting up this office is for the convenience of the residents of the village as well as those who come from outside the village.
Assam Agriculture Minister Atul Bora has tested positive for Covid-19 and has been admitted to Gauhati Medical College and Hospital (GMCH).
Bah WK Kharbuli praised the initiative taken by the DCIC in opening these exhibitions which can showcase a variety of handicrafts, handicrafts, factories. Small production in this district.
Looking back these days, young people who have qualified if they cannot communicate with the government officials who are sitting in office.
Has the NPP forgotten the roots of the BJP? Let Conrad Sangma make it clear to the public that the NPP does not need the BJP and this issue will be taken up with the Central Government.
Ewanmida O Langstang scored the goals in the 37th minute and Samha O Ksoo scored in the 80th minute.
On receiving a tip on the incident, police conducted a search operation in the Malangkona area and arrested Tenseng Marak and Aldrin. They were from Dobakdrop village who were involved in the kidnapping.
“As a warning to others, he added, “Let this shock others who throw garbage on the sidewalks.
This was during a meeting between the leaders of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod West, led by Bah AL Hek, Minister of State, where they met with Lt Governor Anil Baijal, Governor of Meghalaya. in Delhi.
At least 4000 BJP workers and supporters from seven Mandals or Constituencies attended the meeting held at Jrisalein Square.
Therefore, the author wants to encourage us to return to the roots of goodness without condemning anyone because we are all human beings who are short in many ways.
Shillong: Former Mawlai MLA and National People's Party (NPP) leader Embhahlang Syiemlieh has slammed the leaders of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) for using the Bible in political campaigns to mislead them. public for private gain.
The KHCF has vowed to lodge a complaint with the law if there are any allegations that it has nothing to do with the alleged T.6.38 crore, said members of the KHCF including Desmond Kharmawphlang, DM. lyngwa, Mr. War.
It is a vehicle to promote the development of the constituency.
Shillong: Bijou Cinema has opened online ticket sales for the Khasi film 9-Lad which will start screening at Bijou Cinema from the 26th of this month.
“The increase in the price of oil in the state is due to the war between Russia and Ukraine and this affects not only Meghalaya but all other countries in the world,” he said.
He said that even the teachers have not received their salaries and have been working without salary for two years.
Daniel Wahlang, (Boss Gang) is acting in a film for the first time and on the injury of Joseph, he said that in the competition, even in the film, he had to fight hard to be beautiful, but he didn't succeed. think that he will be seriously injured and wish him a healthy body.
It will take generations of people for it to start rising again but in a different form.
How can a person (Surjewala) explain that he is not involved in politics?
On the other hand, the source said that the MLAs accompanying Mukul Sangma held a meeting on Tuesday evening at the Prime Minister's residence in Shillong.
In this regard, I remember a proverb in foreign language, "A tree with strong roots laughs at the storm" or "A tree with strong roots laughs at the storm"
She said that this exhibition is the first time in Eastern West Khasi Hills District which has opened the door for local entrepreneurs and artists of the region and the state as a whole to showcase their talents. of them in one place.
He said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been very concerned about the North East and has sent government ministers to visit various places in the region to listen to the problems and the needs of the people so that the government can do what is necessary.
The National General Secretary Bertram Devadas and other office bearers of the YNMC and the President of the YMCA Shillong, Most Revd Dr. P Lyngdoh, welcomed the participants. to unite the country.
“This day will be a day to remain in the history of the state because by opening this shlem, the government will be able to reach out to the people and the people will be happy when they need any needs from the state. government offices," the Prime Minister said in his speech.
“Congratulations to the East Khasi Hills Police who have seized drugs worth T.2 crore from a drug dealer in Mawryngkneng today.
The rich man also repented and turned to God once again.
These 21 persons were infected from one of the infected persons who works at NEIGHRIMS, Shillong.
The main job of this player is to be the leading player of the entire team and he has also created a history in the country by winning the gold medal in the tournament. Asian Games 1962.
There are 22 cases in East Khasi Hills, 16 cases in Madanrting, 7 cases in Malki, 13 cases in Nongmynsong, 10 cases in Nongthymmai, 22 cases in Upper Nongrim Hills and 8 cases in Upper Nongrim Hills.
In a statement, the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, said that on the evening of Tuesday, police from Sohra Police Station received a tip from NERS that two tourists had been arrested. and he went into the valley of Nohkalikai.
We will continue to work even better.
The HNLC is still an illegal party under the UAPA
The central government under the leadership of Modi is still asleep while Manipur is in turmoil.
Before the award ceremony, Dr P.Lyngkhoi, former Director of Health Services, Dr P.Lyngkhoi, said that at the time of the Rangbah Shnong, When the residents of Biangkupar Nongsiej received information, they came suddenly with an unspeakable anger and a terrible shock.
Many students from Meghalaya have been deceived by such groups, who promise them to send them to prestigious and skilled universities but as soon as they reach Bangalore these students are deceived. in educational institutions where even the government has not recognized them.
From this bridge, the road runs along the right side of the river in a steep manner and climbs slowly to Rangïar or Lad Mawphlang as it is now known.
On this occasion, a youth from Umpling Shillong, Samla Banbhalang Diengdoh came to explain to the people about the purpose of this Solid Waste Management. Waste Management which they have done according to the modern technology and which is also a method that does not affect the health of the people or the environment.
Although this shows an increase in fish production, the fish producers should have thought about and valued how to farm and manage fish in the ponds of the fish farmers.
From 251 to 266 AD another plague, known as the Cyprian Plaque, struck the Roman Empire.
Everything is good by U2 - I'm not sure what to do with my life.
Manchester United defender Raphael Varane has said his side can beat Manchester City next season in the Premier League.
According to the information received so far, no incident has occurred in the state.
It is impossible to say that each household should have at least 2 to 3 cars.
These days, even the children in Class IV-V have learned to use the internet.
Where will this lead, if globalization or the unity of the world has worked, but the nation has become weaker and poorer and poorer with the passing of the days.
The Ranikor Beach Festival was held smoothly from the beginning to the end of the day. The Ranikor Beach Festival was enriched by various performances from the state. Russian DJ music is available.
The first day started with the Knia Aitnar in the morning while in the afternoon, the Khun Raij from all the villages brought their own Deiñkhlam from the forest and brought them to Iewmusiang.
Therefore, “Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost:
Bhutan's team consists of Sonam Choden, Deki Lhazam, Deki Yangden, Karma Zangmo, Karma Wangmo, Icarma Wangmo, Yeshi Bidha, Sonam Tshomo, Pema Choki, Kelden Lhamo, Sonam Lhamo, Kinzang Dema, Tshering Lhadon and Tshering Yangmo. Bhutan manager Kunzing, Bhutan coach Yeshi Wangchuk, Bhutan captain Sonam Choden, Meghalaya player Sanfida Nongrum, All India player Sanfida Nongrum, Neelu Maya Rai, Karma Yuden, Ngwang Tshomo Andrew Suting and Meghalaya's Kerdalin Wanshong.
Ma Robinus immediately lodged a complaint with the police to take the necessary action especially as it is against the Election Act for candidates to distribute money.
The Panchayat elections in UP will start on 15th June and end on 29th June
Acknowledging that the Congress has set a goal for the welfare of the people in Meghalaya, the Shillong MP said that the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of the country has been given to the people. Your state and your Congress.
Mawshynrut constituency is the constituency with the highest number of candidates in the elections. Witting was asked how many candidates will appear in
Thus he is all over the world at the same time (John 3:16).
Only 10 days after a newborn baby was thrown into a garbage truck in Mawpat, police have arrested two persons including a young woman and a young man.
Mawthoh was promoted from his previous position.
Shillong: The CEO of Mrs. Universe Pvt Ltd, Naresh Madaan, today announced that a woman has won the Miss Universe 2019 title.
Shillong, July 28: The National People's Party (NPP) candidate and MDC from Mawlai Constituency, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, on Tuesday said that the case against him is merely a fabrication. it is old since 2017 and the case is still going on in the court.
When asked how much the NPP expects to win the election, the NPP leader said, “This will be seen after the counting but it will be the party that wins the most and we will almost reached that stage of getting the majority".
Shillong, March 10: The villages on the border with Assam like Sabuda, Madan Umwang, Khlieh Umwang, Ummat, Umlaper, Umtlieh, Jatalong, Pdengtleit and others fall under Block II. , They have decided to unite the Khasi people so that the unity will be strong. To do this, they don't feel that they should form a party or any group but they have decided to form a Khasi party. the Youth Association in many villages.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi conducted a meeting to review preparations for the coming summer season.
Regarding the landfills, he said that through the collaboration with various departments, a landfill will soon be available for Jowai.
Shillong: During these months of fighting against Covid 19, many Meghalayans have been stranded in other states without being able to return home.
They said that during the tenure of Bah Maswel Kharumnuid as Sordar, there was a meeting of the Dorbar Pyllun to discuss in the past years where the people refused to give the land free of charge. The Sordar of Bah Gordon said that he had passed away the people and the dorbar alone.
When asked whether they have the documents to prove that they have paid the money, they said that they don't have the receipts. go to the King's office, many times, to get a receipt, because we only need a burial place.
Regarding the disappearance of the elderly man from Nongtalang, JSU (Shillong Circle) President Treiborlang R Suchen said that the elderly man who used to be called Hep Lyngdoh has been admitted to the Super Care Hospital Shillong. he recovered and after ten days he was able to go home.
“Yes, yes, you have drunk like that,” said Kong Rep and stood up to leave.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Mukul Sangma said that these training centers in Shillong and Tura will be like a shlem to train the youth in the field of music.
Former MLA of East Shillong constituency, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said that through the MLA scheme, many families have been able to help especially those who are low income.
The Chief Minister today handed over the pata to 100 households who are entitled to receive these pata according to their request and demand to own the land.
Matt.28:5,6.
This incident has shocked the entire country especially on the 22nd anniversary of the attack on Parliament by armed men on November 13,
On the other hand, the government has also launched a Grievance Redressal Policy to allow retired government employees to complain or resolve their grievances.
So I want to ask him when he was in the opposition at that time why he didn't raise this question and why he was silent.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Second Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today confirmed that the new Speaker of the Legislative Assembly will be elected in the Synrai Legislative Assembly which will start from 6th November
“We strongly condemn the attempts of the NPP or any political party in power to politicize development works in the state and mislead the people through the party flags,” he said. The HYC has said that it will continue to raise its voice against any injustice of the Government and has warned the political parties in power not to make politics of the He added that the party will continue to monitor and take strong measures if such incidents continue to happen.
Ernest said that on FOCUS, let them explain where they get this money, when they get any scheme they have to tell where they get this money, in Meghalaya, such as construction. The funds for the roads come from the NEC, there are schemes from the Tribal Department but the funds for FOCUS cannot be explained.
It is for this reason that God has scattered them around since 70 AD. But it is because God loves them again that He has brought them back to their homeland because God has promised them since Abraham, Isaac and Jacob and God never changed or lied in what He promised Abraham, because He is God.
“The Minister has said that the government will issue the NoC if the land owners give permission to the companies to set up factories,” said Kwilnis.
He said the incident was unknown and not an accident.
However, the sellers have not allowed us to export goods outside India”.
Shano paid this money.
Evelyn Challam and Dangahi Suna scored 45 and 49 runs respectively.
Nongpoh Police Station and employees of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) immediately rushed to the scene and police have towed the truck and are investigating the incident. the incident went chess.
Amitabh Bachchan, 77, and his son Abhishek Bachchan have tested positive for the coronavirus.
The people were able to enjoy these drinks in various ways.
If the government does not do anything, the party will not hesitate to take another path for the benefit of the people.
(SDPRO,Water).
“The BJP helps to provide security, so the BJP and NPP have joined hands to provide security from corruption and looting to the people of the state,” she said.
These two men, Sumar Sing Sawian and Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh, used to study in this field and have learned many things about their culture through their works and writings.
“This Quit Notice has been issued to 6 villages from Demthring, KSU War Jaintia Circle and the Union of Village Authorities of War Jaintia. " said Riquoma Rq Laloo, Secretary Jowai Village Authority.
The union also urged the vehicle owners' unions to cooperate in this regard to block the government's plan to bring the railway line to Hynniewtrep.
In the U-13 Boys Double, Jezeal and Raysen won the title. In the U-16 Boys Doubles, Wanshanki O and Wanpyndapbor won the title. In the boys doubles, Shanborlang and Jerryford won the title.
So surprise people and stand up! Khublei Shibun.
In such a disaster, many people die, and many people die for life.
In fact, Eugeneson is the first player from the state to win this prestigious award.
Khliehriat, Nailur 30: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, today announced that the 2nd March 2023, as usual every year, will be a public holiday and at the same time will also be a drug trafficking day. This day is known as Gandhi Jayanti.
There are no private enterprises, but the life of the youth in today's society has become like a ship without a boat that flows without a stream. .
He said that in these photographs it shows that he joined the BJP because he greeted Bah AL Hek when he came to support the teachers' strike at the Secretariat.
This tragedy of yours affects not only you, but also your family, and our country and nation, through your students, teachers.
The KSU will continue to investigate and punish the mynder who try to smuggle into the Bri Hynniewtrep and has warned to punish those who are accustomed to be brokers of the mynder without forgiveness.
The Education Department encourages this initiative in collaboration with the NGO Cr.
To add, there are about 6 new crematoria that have been discovered.
Furthermore, they also raised many issues of the council such as projects to generate revenue for the council so that the council can stand on its own feet, such as the Traditional Tourism of the Council to promote the beauty of the environment in its original form, to enrich the culture and traditions of the council in the fields of culture, music, dance, lifestyle, the kingdom and others.
The money that should go to those Councils, Commissions or Boards should be used for other purposes that can benefit the people.
Kong Spility has been a pillar not only for the Uranium Corporation of India Limited, but also for her neighbours, neighbours, relatives, villagers, saipan leaders. and contractors of the area and the Hima Langrin, Nongstoin, Maharam and many others who want and desire that the Government of India should mine uranium and collect the hundreds and billions of rupees proposed by the Government.
Her husband, Haarsh Limbachhiya, is also undergoing medical treatment.
Shillong, Naitung 7: In a bid to bring closer ties with other countries and eastern India, government officials, party leaders from India, Bangladesh, Myanmar, Bhutan and Nepal will meet next month. The River Festival aims to strengthen unity, trade and cooperation in the environment.
Infiltration Police and Loomsooiung Newhill Village Authority Jowai conducted a raid on the 14th of this month against foreigners smuggling, working and trading without permits.
Mainingstar Marngar scored the first goal for Khliehmawlieh in the 45+1 minute to make it 2-1
The JJTA requests all the Dorbar Shnongs to cooperate to prevent companies or foreigners from setting up businesses in Jaintia Hills.
The Seng also expresses its deep sorrow especially that this protest is more intense on Sunday which is held from 9 am until late at night without respecting the residents who are Christianity.
Replying to a question by VPP MLA Heaving Stone Kharpran, Prestone said that after the land has been handed over to the Police Department, the preparations for the construction of the land have been completed. work will continue.
They also wondered how if the coal is banned, the coal factories in Lum Jaintia can still operate and they also took water from Star Cement for testing.
The office bearers of the Khasi Pharmaceutical Association, Ri Bhoi Unit were confirmed by Dr. H. Bani, State Vice-President of the Khasi Pharmaceutical Association. Umroi MDC and KHADC EM, Bah Dipul Ryntathiang, Chairman of Umsning Town Durbar and many Khasi farmers from all over the district.
Dipjoyti Boro has lodged a complaint that on the night of 10th and 11th June, robbers stole his motorcycle from Nongshiliang, Nongthymmai, Shillong.
This is the highest drug seizure in Meghalaya so far.
Shillong Lajong, after qualifying for the I-League, will start their journey in the I-League. The final round of the tournament will be played at home against United Sports Club on Saturday.
In the middle of the heavy gunfire, the leader of the group, Phidorit Nianglang from Nongrathaw village, fell dead and police rescued Darius Marngar. Wilstar Marngar, brother of Darius, who went to pay the money to the robbers, along with Hillard Sangma, were killed in the incident.
He said that in the coming days, the members of these Regional Committees will also visit the border areas on both sides and the report will be submitted in a few months.
Now let us hear some explanations about this tourist spot from the leaders of Jatah Nonglyer.
Jowai: U Dapoi Pyrtuh, resident of Sohmynting village, West Jaintia Hills District, on his inquiry through RTI at the office of the RWS Division, Jowai, on the implementation of the scheme. The Swatch Bharat Mission has found that up to tens of lakhs of rupees have been lost under the scheme, as the people have not benefited according to their rights. Monjyrlang Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Water and Sanitation Committee of the village, has excluded him from the scheme even if his name appears and signs falsely.
Including 81 fish farms that have been built across the state.
In the years when Bah Lanong was writing for Pyrta u Riewlum, there was an Emergency in India, which he remembered as one of the most memorable times because at that time there was no Emergency. government or District Council.
This song was composed by Andreas Khongsit.
The International Cricket Council (ICC) is expecting to sell more tickets and attract more people in the first four days of the tournament. The World Test Championship Final between India and Australia will be played on July 7 at the Oval, London.
He said that until now it has been seen in the newspapers and if there is a voice from the Congress government, it will come out to oppose.
Passah said the recruitment of Jugalis for Phase II and III is still pending.
In the past, the Khasi people have been proud to have leaders holding various positions.
Later, the TMC leaders also opened the party office in Laskein.
Myrsing said the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union has never complained regarding the Anganwadi workers because they understand that as ASHAs they have a relationship with the Anganwadis in the villages.
It is worth mentioning that the chiefs of Jaintia Hills and the civil society have lodged a complaint against them alleging that they have acted corruptly and are acting only for the benefit of those in power.
On the other hand, Limison said Dr Mukul Sangma will contest from two constituencies, Ampati which he is currently leading and Songsak which is led by NPP MLA Nihim D Shira. .
“There is not a single trader or land owner in the 100 hectares who owns up to 100 hectares and this is one of the scientific tricks of the MDA government to deceive the people,” said Dame.
The union said that this is not the first time that this has happened at the school, but it has been three times that the Managing Committee of the Assamese School does not want Khasi students, but they call for interviews without producing them. The union also said that this behavior discriminates against the ethnic groups and angers the youth who apply for jobs.
The great God commanded Moses, saying, “Take thy rod, and stretch out thine hand over the Red sea, and divide it: and the children of Israel shall go on their way. and we went through the Red Sea" Exodus 14:1
According to sources, the workers and employees of NHIDCL have already repaired the Tuivai Bridge.
The celebration was enriched by songs, dances and skits by the children from different schools of Ri Bhoi District.
“We will bring peace and order in Garo Hills, we will bring the insult to teachers and the deterioration of roads in the state,” he said.
Applications can be obtained from the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Mairang from 20th July 2022 during office hours.
After arriving at the scene, they found that the driver of the truck had disappeared.
So if we lose this land formed over millions of years, we in the mountainous countries will lose our country.
However, as human beings, we cannot escape from being backward in our thinking and there are those who are too intelligent and such people also cause a lot of problems.
And he asked him, saying, Can a man be born when he is old? Can he enter his mother's womb and raise him up? Nicodemus was surprised at Jesus' words – that she should raise him up! Even if you are a city, you don't know what it means to be born again.
“Regarding the MPCC group under the leadership of Bah Pala, and you see after the formation of the new Government in June-October, there have been changes.
New signing Jude Bellingham came on in the first half and his shot went straight into the net.
Shillong: The curfew in Shillong has been extended for 18 hours from 5 pm to 11 pm and the curfew will resume from 11 pm to 5 pm.
The word 'byn' is added to any word that has no meaning or does not have a meaning to form another new word, such as the word part, bynhei, bynthiew, byndi, the word 'byr' to add to any word that has no meaning or that does not have a meaning to form another new word, such as byrngia, byrtem, byrthen, byrhom, byrngut, byrngiang, byrngem, byrta, byrtong, Ka sayin rapkhmat 'jyn' is added to any word that doesn't have a meaning or doesn't have a meaning to form another new word, such as jynjar, jyntah, jyndei, jynthung, jynlat, rapkhmat 'lyn' to add to any word that has no meaning or that does not have a meaning to form another new word, such as lynñiar, lyndum, lynthem, lyntang, lynsher. They don't have to worry about these things, whether it's a little bit or a little bit, like the word equal, equal, equal, equal, equal.
“We have seen that the government has also mislead by saying that at present it will only introduce freight trains, but in the opinion of the union if the freight railway is allowed, it will be difficult for the government to introduce freight trains later. kit people.
Babu Kular KhongjiremScientists say that human memory is very short.
Erwin K Sutnga was elected as Chairman, Lamphrang Kharbani and Charlie Rani as Co-Chairman, Tengsat G Momin, Donbok Dkhar, Sengbath Ch Momin as Vice Chairman, Rastingwell Thabah as General Secretary, Coming Dkhar, Choto K Sangma, Kleden Sangma, Pynkhalañ Dhar, Vincent Sohkhwai, Jeanes Sohshang, Bigstar Sohtun as Chief Organizer and others.
Adelbert Nongrum, Member of the Opposition from the Voice of the People Party (NPP), said that the session will be held for three days for the work of the Government and only two days for the work of the Government. other members of the House of Representatives Private Members Business is too short a period.
Shillong, July 17: The President of the Khasi National Union (KNU), Bah MF Blah, on Tuesday said that the Khasi National Union (KNU) demands that the government should recognize the Khasi who are still in the traditional religion.
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnong of Namdong-B expressed his gratitude to the MLA of the area for bringing in this block.
After providing employment training to all these beneficiaries in various fields.
On the other hand, the Governor of Assam, Gulab Chand Kataria, has extended his special congratulations to all the students who have graduated from various departments of the university. , the hope and future of India and especially the students who are still in the middle of various studies should not waste their time but strive to achieve their goals.
I'm going to leave you soon! As long as I live, I'll die for you.
When Bah DD Lapang and these senior leaders of the NPP, entered the square, it was seen that the people, men and women, standing together, as a welcome to them. leaders in this square in Nongpoh.
When we say that the riew-lum parties are strong, we don't mean that only one party is strong.
The court in Assam has charged him under the MPWA and we will hand him over to the Assam police after conducting investigation in North Garo Hills,” he said.
This award is part of the recognition of the hard work and achievements of the children of the church in the field of education.
Nartiang Presbyterian HS School beat Laishnong HS School 3-0 in the tie-breaker.
This was announced by Rgh Standbyme Sari who is also the Adviser of the 12-Daloi Seiñ Kyntu.
On the same day, the militants set fire to 17 mining vehicles in Kanker district, but no one was injured in the incident, police said.
A museum will also be set up to showcase the culture and traditions of the state and attract tourists from all over the country.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20 : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Monday invited the ASHA workers of the Meghalaya Asha Workers' Union (ASHA) to a discussion table. which will be held on the 22nd of this month.
“The EVMs have been brought from BJP-ruled Assam and other places,” said Bah Bindo. know in advance".
The Seng also urges the police not to make such accusations without investigating.
Precious Tang scored a hat-trick in the 9′, 11′ and 13′ overs.
Speaking after the formation of the State Selection Committee, UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh said that the committee will select the names of the candidates for the elections. MP and MDC elections.
The death of a patient from Mawphlang due to lack of action has raised the question of who will take responsibility.
Shillong, Naitung, 28: A group of youths from Sohra area have alleged that there is something behind the closure of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Sohra Hima Exporters and Importers Association (HSE&IA) and the New Local Majai. The Exporters' Forum (NLMEF) has called for the repair of the road from Wah Japuh to Zero Point Bholaganj LCS from 14th November, without setting a time limit for completion.
The interesting thing is that the people in this village love this game and they like to shoot and no children or adults all the people in this village know how to shoot and everyone the family always has a sword in its hand.
Members of the PEC include MPCC President Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma, Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Kennedy Khyriem and others.
The total number of players is 45, while there are 16 managers/coaches, including the Chef de Mission, Deputy Chef de Mission, Staff and two Local Media.
“I believe that as the MLA of Nongkrem I have brought glory to the constituency by my work and participation in the dorbar and many people from abroad have asked when they see the dorbar they ask who is that. MLA who said that in the dorbar and I believe that was the honor of Nongkrem which sent me and I believe this is the honor that I brought,” he added.
In addition, 4,607 Village Organizations (VOs) have been increased and 39,571 SHGs have received financial assistance worth T.171.56 crore.
On the occasion, Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh was the chief guest, Bah Eric Dkhar, BDO C&RD Block, Kong PL Nonglait DSEO, the winners, Principals, teachers and students from various schools in Ri Bhoi.
She also confirmed her discoveries with the pictures of the trees which she remembered the day before.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah T. Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, said that the program was conducted in connection with the cleanliness of the environment which has been implemented since This program will open the minds of the residents on the importance of cleanliness from home and in the villages and to think further how to have an adequate garbage dump. and with the encouragement that the government is ready to provide assistance for this good cause of the people to avoid littering which pollutes the roads and causes various diseases. village that thaw.
The Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui today said that the Ministry of Education has decided to hold the SSLC and HSSLC examinations for the students who failed to take the examination. stay in areas that have been declared containment zones or those who have to quarantine themselves due to contact with positive cases in the second month of November.
Shillong, Nailar 30: U Bah James Sylliang, MDC Mawhati, will file a complaint tomorrow against the Dhar Company for the illegal construction of the dewbilat bridge near Pamlatar and Umtyrkhang villages. -Bhoi District which has collapsed in the past few days.
VPP President Ardent Basaiawmoit said the NPP wants to destroy the JHADC by cutting the salaries of its employees for tens of months.
Thombor Shiwat, Chief Executive Member (CEM), Jaintia Hills District, said that the cut motion was not accepted by the Congress. The Autonomous District Council (JHADC) is responsible for the budget of the council.
The Minister acknowledged that Sohra has the right to be upgraded to a district, but said that the Government has its own plan for the creation of a new district in the state especially for Sohra.
The training was conducted after receiving Certified Cave Single Rope Technique (SRT), Cave Leadership, and Emergency Response training in the UK and Ireland. to May-April, 2023.
In an order, the Division Bench of the Meghalaya High Court, headed by Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W Diengdoh, said that the Harijan Panchayat Committee has approved the blueprint of the government.
Earlier, a keynote address was delivered by the Director of JHDS Fr.Manbha Pakem who explained about the work and activities that JHDS has done to bring about development in collaboration with many NGOs.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that it will hold the MLA elections in Meghalaya in a few days. , have been prepared to conduct the election this year.
Replying to the reports that Bah Anthony was appointed by Prestone, Bah Anthony said that this is just a false news by people who take advantage of politics and that if it is true. Prestone doesn't want to win anymore.
In a statement issued by the Media Cell Member of the Seng, Dr. Rusievan Shangpliang, the Seng said that it appreciates the government's intention to improve the quality of textbooks in schools. The Seng believes that the announcement and sudden change without any discussion or consultation with those involved in this matter, especially the teachers is an inappropriate intention.
On the other hand, these organizations strongly oppose the order issued by the government to import coal from Assam to East Jainta Hills District. /Pt-I/Vol-II/5 1/dated Khliehriat the 20/04/2020 (Deputy Commissioner and No Com/Trans/WB Policy/135/2018/54 dated Shillong,the 30/4/2020 (Commissioner of Transport ).
He also denied that the spread on social media that churches have been shot, burnt and destroyed is a stupid attempt to defame and defame the BJP. too.
In connection with this, police have arrested Md.Hachan Mia (37) and Mid.
They also saw the khilons made of pashor kait and they were able to enter the shops.
The question we ask is, “Why wasn't this information sent earlier?” By saying that it is not beautiful that as a leader he doesn't tell the truth to the people. “The blueprint sent to us is incomplete, there is no time, there are residents there, the houses proposed to us are insufficient. , the current question of land allocation to families is also not mentioned.
I wouldn't be surprised if it reaches the limit of the UDP's two-party system. I wouldn't be surprised if you go from being a Cabinet Minister to being the chief opposition whip.
After Bahnah left, they began to talk alone.
We see that we Khasi when we know the language of others even though those foreigners know our language when we buy we try to express that feeling of knowledge and wisdom we speak in a foreign language that is “Kitna ……” and “How much ….
If Bah Amazing Kurbah decides to contest the MDC election, he will have to choose one of the two constituencies, Sohiong or Mawphlang, as he is from Rangshken area where the people vote in the MLA election. In Sohiong constituency and in Mawphlang constituency.
The Commission examined 44 people including the 12 women, their parents, residents and police.
The funeral service for Bah Titos Manner will be held on 3.11.2022 at the Presbyterian Church Ratacherra, at 1.00 pm.
In the result of Class XII Arts, Dimsonjem Vaiphei of St. Anthony's CHr Secondary School won the first prize, Ricardy Dkhar of Synod College won the second prize and Calvin Ginminlein Zou of St. Edmund's College won the second prize. you rank ba-lay.
There are 57 recoveries from the disease.
Because it is written only in the Christian Bible.
Shillong, July 16: The Dorbar Shnong Ryngud Hima Sohra has organized a Beach Festival on the 13th of this month.
Therefore, the Lord God has given us the spiritual power of understanding that other forces that oppose these characteristics destroy the human being because the power of understanding has tested them again and again.
From Tura, only the NPP has announced the re-election of incumbent Sitting MP Agatha Sangma.
“The allegation of non-implementation of the Saubhagya Scheme and the Smart Meters project is missing from the notification of the Commission.
“Now it is very difficult for me to bring about changes in what has already been given to the Assam government as demanded.
He said that after four years of leading the tournament, he and the team have now started thinking about changing the image of the tournament. Referring to the organization of the tournament for the girls, Bah Banteidor said that the tournament will be held in a full league which will be recognized by the MFA. This step is taken to showcase the talents of the young women in the field of football.
Shillong: The Convener of the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA), who is also the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sharma, has acknowledged that the NDA government will lead the Assam government. Nagaland, Meghalaya and Tripura after the election experts announced that the BJP allies will rule again in these three states.
The body was taken to Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong for post mortem and a complaint was lodged.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya may remove some of the ministers who have been fighting to remove him from the post of Chief Minister.
Conrad said the Central Government will not wait, and can immediately cancel the railway project from Byrnihat to Shillong and the money will be allocated to other areas that still need it.
Dr.(Mrs) D.Jyrwa, Jaintia, Sd.
Ltd, which owns the Mawblock Factory in Narbong Byrnihat.
Last Thursday, a child from Mawlai Kynton Massar allegedly died after being stabbed.
In 1991, he was elected as a full-time RS and held the post until
In the women's and men's basketball tournament, West Khasi Hills won the semifinals.
Witting also criticized the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma for the slow implementation of the scheme. “Why? If you really want it to be for the benefit of the people, you should have implemented it from the beginning of 2013, what has it done to the government in so many years? “It's ready now, hundreds of thousands of crores have been announced, the government doesn't have a clear estimate of how many hundreds of thousands of people will benefit from this scheme,” he said.
The SMSU has urged the DC to take immediate action on this complaint and expects to resolve the matter immediately.
The Court has received the case on the 14th of this month, said Bah Boney.
He added that the party is also holding this rally to demand from the state government to improve health facilities, education, roads and other development works across the state.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 24: The Union of Village Authorities of Nongmynsaw Syiemship, Nongmynsaw Syiemship, has said that it has said in the media that one of the Sordar Shnongs of Nongmynsaw Syiemship, Bah P.Nongshlong, “The Garo people in the border villages do not want to remove their EPICs from Assam.
"“If you take EMRIs and you don't have sanction posts, why don't you fill them without sanction posts? Your sanction posts should be from the Government and you don't have sanction posts. ".
This rule will come into force immediately and will remain in force until further notice and anyone who violates this rule will be punished according to this rule.
Therefore, God should have warned that those with infectious diseases should keep away from others.
These 40,000 people, mostly from 19 districts of Agra, Rae Bareli, Saharanpur, Gorakhpur, Aligarh, Rampur, Muzaffarnagar, Hapur, Mathura, Kanpur, Pratapgarh, Varanasi, Amethi, Jhansi, Bahraich, Lakhimpur Kheri, Lucknow, Meerut and Pilibhit.
After investigation, if it is found that they also attended a wedding ceremony in Assam, the Deputy Commissioner will lodge a complaint against them.
In this state, a few days ago, this reporter had the opportunity to talk to several leading leaders of the Congress party, who are the leaders of the party, in a conversation and they understood that they They said that they are trying to look elsewhere, which is understood that they are more enthusiastic about the BJP. They are also the 2013 MLA candidates.
“The authorities in West Bengal have sent students to bring unnecessary documents to reject their applications.
Speaking to media, HNYF East Khasi Hills President Bless Dkhar said that the government should not listen to the demands of the Harijans.
Public drinkers who earn a lot of money can buy them from the cheaper winestore and which are available everywhere.
The discussions on the return of the Nongphyllut and Pangam Raliang Elaka (Block I) have been going on from time to time and now they are going on at the Political Chief Ministers Level Talk between the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam. On the other hand, the residents of Nongphyllut Elaka and other areas of Raliang, Shiliangmyntang and Nongjngi should come within the border of Jaintia Meghalaya.
“For example, the employees of EMRI 108 carry Covid-19 patients every day or meet patients every day but after finishing their work they have to go home.
Bah Nongrum said that the District Administration has not taken responsibility for issuing the permit without thinking how to maintain peace and order. They found that there was not a single policeman to control the movement of vehicles along the Shillong-Nongstoiñ road at the place where there was a fishing competition.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has come forward to protest against the railway line in East Jaintia Hills District, while the Inner Line Permit (ILP) has not been received on Friday.
The order also prohibits candidates or political parties from putting up posters on the streets or in private homes without the written permission of the owners of the houses and this must also be approved by the office of the Returning Officer. & District Election, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong.
The body was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital for post mortem and relatives.
Who should build the road, the MLAs or the Opposition?” On this occasion, he said that as residents including the VPP leaders and including the VPP MLAs have the right to receive “It is your duty to build good roads.
PBM BasaiawmoitTang as a reminder: The introduction of the Aadhaar Number (AN) was started in November, 2010 by the UPA II Government, which also introduced the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) Bill, The Parliamentary Standing Committee on Finance has rejected it for many reasons.
You can order your items at Mawrie Enterprise, Rynjah or call +917005021309 and +9
He said that there is a plan to improve the methods of making herbal medicines for various diseases and also to improve the Khasi medicine.
The JHADC should prohibit the felling of trees along the Myntdu River, and the quarrying of stone and shyiap along the Myntdu River.
Many cases or illnesses of this hospital are sent to Shillong and other hospitals.
The project has almost been abandoned due to lack of funds even though the previous government has spent hundreds of crores.
The resolution was taken at a meeting held at the Conference Hall of the KHADC in Shillong today.
“Although we can hear from time to time what the government can take to resolve this issue, what is more frightening is that the Prime Minister has announced that it should not be announced publicly, but should be taken directly to the Ministry in charge of this matter from Delhi”.
He arrived in Sohra on
Although the Government of India has enacted laws to protect women's rights in various areas, such as the Special Marriage Act, 1954, the PWDV Act, 2005, the Child Marriage Prohibition Act, The Sexual Harassment of Women in the Workplace Act 2013, and many other laws protect women in the workplace. The Government has prepared for the rights of women and this can be found in the IPC under sections 312,351,352, 354A-,379,375,3
Bangladesh will be preparing for the World Cup qualifier against Palestine from the beginning of October.
He also directed to go in the spirit of 'Har Ghar Dastak' by knocking on doors to every household to ensure full vaccination.
After that there is another transfiguration, Phil 3:20, 21 ... “from waiting for the Saviour, Jesus Christ, who shall renew our iniquity, that we may be like unto glory. his".
Why were we created? Why did God create man? God's eternal purpose when He created the earth was for mankind to live on.
Dr Mukul said the Congress High Command in Delhi has directed that all Congress-ruled states should pay exactly for the scheme launched by the UPA government under the leadership of the UPA government. Congress.
Referring to the statement by NPP leaders, especially its National President Conrad Sangma, that the NPP will contest the 2023 elections alone, Ao said, “We cannot give orders to them. I don't want to thank them but this is the only thing that is certain that without the BJP no one can form a government”.
The camp will be held from June 24 to January 18,
In this regard, the Mutong Tourism Promotion and Environment Protection Society will hold the second Moopun Festival 2019 at Moopun Valley on the 27th of this month and on the 28th of this month. date of this month.
On Tuesday, Ramdev released a video in which he said that more than 10,000 doctors in India have died after being injected. sien, the covid vaccine.
However, as is evident from the statement of Adll.
After the inspection, the Chief Minister held a meeting with the officers and officials of the PWD department and also inspected the villages of Tikrikilla, Phulbari and Selsella.
During the meeting, the Symbud CEM took note of this and there were many discussions. The purpose of the meeting with the land owners was to verify with the documents that they have. They are not in Meghalaya.
The Union does not accept this because at the meeting of the Government with it on 05.11.2015, the Government has decided not to enact any more laws/ordinances in relation to the Dorbar Shnongs.
“Surprisingly, on 6th June, an Assam policeman stopped private vehicles leading to the border and the Assam police seized these vehicles.
The curfew was called to protest against the government for its inability to provide a complete garbage dump in Jowai, the capital of West Jaintia Hills District.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Generous Walarpih, Vice-President of KJBWA, said that the government has not yet recognized them as farmers. This is the reason for the increase in smuggling to Bangladesh.
“We strongly oppose this order of the ADC, we don't think there is any reason for this office to ask for NoCs or permits from the shopkeepers to earn money in this area (7mer),” said u. Leave the Book.
On the other hand, the doctors and nurses of Khliehriat Civil Hospital, expressed to the Minister the problems they face and it is understood that there are still many shortcomings in this hospital, from the slip writing centers, the lack of There is no adequate protection for staff and visitors, from doctors' seats, which are not adequately maintained, as well as nurses' workplaces and storage areas. tar of the hospital.
Speaking as the chief guest, Wailadmiki Shylla said that he is pleased to see the students taking part in various sports in this tournament who have really talented. I urge them to work harder in the fields they have, and don't let it end here.
The Garo or Achik have the right to claim their own state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The Meghalaya Pro Boxing Council (MPBC) has once again announced that Shanborlang Marbaniang, the first Pro Boxer of Meghalaya, has been elected as the first Pro Boxer of Meghalaya. ) will compete again at the Pro Boxing Fight Night to be held in Arunachal Pradesh.
“The KHADC has expressed the same position as the party in this regard,” he said.
The KSU said that the NHAI's failure to fulfill its promises in front of hundreds of protesters has angered the KSU as well as the people.
And David my servant shall be their Leader for ever ...... and my tabernacle shall be with them: and I will be their God, and they shall be my people.
“Everything has been completed except mine and Embhah's,” said Witting. He said that in his constituency there are two sub-divisions which the government has announced to open, the Mawshynrut Civil Sub-Division and the Mawshynrut Civil Sub-Division. Riangdo Police Station but none of them have been completed yet.
In such a journey, she has the desire to find out the origin and cause of the murder of her loved ones.
When researchers at the University of Wales analyzed the diets of 655 adults over the past 25 years, they found that premature death among 41 adults who ate fish was less than half of those others who do not eat fish.
He said the discussion on the allocation of funds by the central government has reached an agreement with the states of the North East.
According to the complaint, at about 4:00 pm, a group of KSU led by Nang-ai Sutnga and Justice Paul Lyngdoh broke into the room of the CEM of JHADC. Thombor Shiwat and threatened the CEM as well as other MDCs in his room.
However, the Gentiles ended when the Jews or Israel became independent in 1948 AD. The Gentile countries no longer have power now because Israel (Jews) has become a super power.
P Nongrum (37), B Khriam (75) and B Khriam (84) scored for Smit.
The State Legislative Assembly in November 2018 passed a resolution urging the Central Government to include the Khasi and Garo Languages ​​in Schedule 8 of the Constitution.
On the women's side, Sein Raij BR UP School, Mukhaialong won three gold, one silver and one bronze medals.
Shillong, K'lyngkot : U MLA of Mawlai, Bah PT Sawkmie on Friday strongly criticized the government for promising to the people to evict the people living in the metor area. , which has not been realized to this day.
On the other hand, the Byrnihat Outpost Police led by A. Sangma have been distributing food to these truck drivers since the beginning of the curfew. in the state.
There are other parties that are willing to make such a promise,” said Prestone.
Both words—Israel and Jew—refer to people of the same nation.
And Bah Waroh Pde, it is said that we started singing together in the same years, but Bah Rana, he started singing many years earlier than me, even so, we have a strong feeling. and I love you as a friend and as a fellow singer at the same time.
The 11th International Tourism Mart was inaugurated in Shillong by the Union Minister of State for Tourism Shripad Yesso Naik in the presence of the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma.
They also expressed their confidence in the Tura Police Station and the NEHU authorities so that the group involved in committing illegal acts should be brought to justice. not tyngeh of the law.
We hope that the passage of the Meghalaya State Agriculture Produce and Livestock Facilitation Bill, 2020 by the Government of the State Legislative Assembly will help to address the problems of the farmers.
He said that regarding the parts of the river where the Fish Sanctuary at Syntu Ksiar has been set up, it has been strictly warned not to fish and the fine for those who violate has been increased from 10,000 tyngka to 50,0 and he urged the people to cooperate.
Sangma, 29, of Chigichakgre, Chokpot PS and Jainish R Marak, 29, of Mindikgre of Baghmara police station.
Recently, the Central Government has allocated about T.301 crore for the procurement of equipment for the implementation of the wage scheme in Meghalaya where the remaining procurement for the year 2021-22 will be cleared. In 2022-23, only 40% will be cleaned.
He said the government has planned to build a residence for ANVC (B) members at Edenbari in Garo Hills.
As the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh also promised to take action to monitor the construction of the Integrated Tourism Complex.
Jowai, Naiwieng 22: The Rally of the Kur Langstang, Suiam and Swer will be held on the 30th of this month at 10 pm at Rymbai Village, Madan Priang. All three Kurs are invited to attend the meeting, according to a statement sent by the Secretary of the Kur Shri Wiless Langstang – Mobile No-8
“We look forward to meeting as soon as possible, at least after the budget session and the date will be fixed,” Conrad told reporters recently.
The Minister also informed that NEIAH has launched Ayurvedic Immuno Modulation in Children at its Ayurveda Hospital.
“Despite the risk taken by our leaders and Personal Security Officers (PSOs) to take part in the talks, if the Government refuses to allow peace, they cannot blame the HNLC for take the path of bloodshed.
She said that NAWWA from time to time has conducted trainings on the prevention of HIV/AIDS and the impact of drugs on the youth in this age, but if Without such cooperation, it is difficult to eradicate drugs and also this type of disease which is transmitted to others only through unprotected sexual intercourse and also the use of drugs by using the same thyrnia.
The deaths led to the attack on two Kuki villages — Langza and Chinglangmei — in Churachandpur between 3.30 and 4 pm in which about 30 houses were burnt down. , the source said.
Shillong: Since 2018, the party has lodged a complaint with the relevant authorities; against the illegal appointment of a foreigner in the office of the State Disaster Management Authority as a consultant on a salary of 45,000/- per month.
Congratulations to all the readers of U Rupang.
Boys' HSS vs Adventist HSS North Liberty HSS vs Sawlyngdoh HSS Amwi Jarain SS vs St.Claret SS Marian Hills HSS vs Lumpyrtuh SS Ummulong Pres HSS vs Ialong SS. The Cup will start tomorrow at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The Labor License inspection was conducted by the KSU Mawiong Unit in collaboration with various units of Mawlai.
Out of the 16 teams, Ïatyllilang FC beat Mawrangtongweiñ 4-1 in the semi final.
He said that the former EC is against the election of the Acting Waheh Shnong because the people who came to the dorbar did not allow it and those who came to the dorbar came with the intention of disturbing the village.
She said that such festivals are the best platform to promote agricultural products and to encourage farmers, marketers of agricultural products through the joint support of the government.
After the death of Bishop Vincent Kympat on 30th November 2011, the Diocese of Jowai has not yet received a Bishop.
For more information please call +9
On the other hand, the government lawyer said that the government in its order should also ban them from holding any position in political parties.
However, according to the LBA Protocol 2011 (rectified 2015), only Muktapur residents are allowed to fetch water, fish and go to worship at Kali Mandir in Bir Kympleng (Dibir Hoar area).
The investigation team has launched an investigation into the allegation of overuse of T.98.69/- lakh by the CPWD in connection with the construction of houses. Tura Campus which has its own differences.
(Romans 13:6) For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil.
It is helpful to know that Kong Janice has demonstrated her writing skills since she was a student at Assam Valley School, from 1995 to 2000, where she demonstrated her speaking skills by She won the title of Best Speaker in the Inter School Quiz Quanta 98 ​​held in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh.
There is that fear of falling into a Thwei that has never been seen before, or of entering into a new Thwei when it has been a thousand years into the old.
Through having the second-largest agricultural production capacity, India is ideally placed to support a years-long boom in agricultural industries.
? "I asked, "Yes, I'm sorry..." Panah replied, "Let's go.
Noting that there are political parties trying to destroy the UDP and HSPDP, Bah Mawthoh said, “They have made many statements and we are part of this government.
He said that the power outage will be temporary and MeECL is trying as soon as possible to complete the repair of the machines to resolve the power outage.
When asked whether they have received any information about the construction of the Assam Building in Ri Bhoi, the Congress leaders in Ri Bhoi, who were also present with MLAs and MDCs, replied that they have not received any information about the construction of the Assam Building. I don't know, but as a party that wants to walk on the road, they took the road to inspect the area, after the KHADC has announced that the area is still within the border. you are from Meghalaya.
Shillong, March 22: If Meghalaya has its own factories, it can employ many educated and trained youth in various fields, said a young man. Vicky Marbaniang.
He has gone through all this work and the documents have been submitted in his name.
Shillong: Rambrai Jyrngam MLA Kimfa S Marbaniang has raised various issues for discussion in the seventh day of the Synrai Dorbar of the Legislative Assembly. He said that there is no information until today where this matter has reached and disappeared.
The registration fee for players who join from one club to another club affiliated with the SSA is 600 tyngka per person and for players who register after late registration is 1200 tyngka per person. .
He said the meeting was postponed because he was waiting for the end of the G20 summit, after the G20 summit ended on Sunday. The Government will resume its campaign to eradicate child marriage in the State as a whole.
The disease has affected many areas including Upper Shillong and other areas.
Shillong, Nailar 05: A group of robbers who kidnapped a truck driver from Assam have surrendered to the police in South Garo Hills today.
The KHADC has held a hearing on the matter on November 14 and what remains now is to announce the decision.
These days we are witnessing the emergence of various groups and individuals to participate in the society such as the construction of houses for the poor and those families who have suffered tragedies. such as fire and damage to their homes by natural disasters or other disasters.
This poster is no different from Haram, he knows how to read through the letter ABKD and he sings the song RI Khasi RI Khasi but now he is against missionaries. immediately with the Alphabet.
They were still stupid and came like that.
It is also at this time that the people have the opportunity to think and analyze because many other candidates will come to explain or promise in front of them the goals they want to achieve if they win as this MLA. their.
He listens and does what is necessary.
It has been cut again but has been sacrificed for two years from Pynursla and will continue until November
In the final of the North East Region Cluster 24 Final, the winner of the North East Region Cluster 24 Final witnessed a fierce battle between the participants. Rohan Kumar Sinha of IIM Shillong came second and qualified for the Zonal Finals. received T.18,0
“That is what is happening these days,” said Bah Ardent.
The song is composed by Michelle Kharsyntiew and Evangel Kharkongor.
• Fishermen and farmers will be included in this special programme.
“Your concern for the welfare of us the people, we too will continue to proclaim forever” Khublei Shibun.
“I am sorry that the JHADC has not been able to support us due to lack of funds,” he said.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Secretary of the Village Council, Bah Lewis Nongbri, said that the Village Council started this project in 2016 to deploy people to clean up the area to bring beauty and attract tourists.
The girl said she refused to be anointed by Raju but he forced her to sleep on her body, threw her patlun and threw her hands and after the fight she escaped and fled to the road. She called her mother who came immediately to help her.
Four persons have been tested positive and they are Gavin Mylliemngap, Marcuise Marak, Ferlin CA Sangma and Brening A Sangma.
He said that the two organizations should withdraw their complaint at the Umsning Police Oitpost, otherwise the organization will not hesitate to take other measures. The RBYF, 12 Shnong Circle, said that these people who have lodged the complaint are also members and leaders of the RBYF from the area.
Then they met again on 23.5.2023 at Khanduli BOP, at this meeting the Karbi and Khasi Pnars also came together, but they could not bring peace because the residents of Khanduli village waited until they got The Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council has issued an Official Letter to the Tax Gate and therefore, the Tax Gate cannot be resolved.
“The collapse of ISBT in Mawïong, the collapse of bridges and the collapse of the Assembly dome is a sign of the fall of the MDA government in 2023 and it will be the Congress government that will rule without fear,” said Bah PN Syiem. .
Through this joining of these prominent people in the area, the Congress leaders and those who have just joined, have taken a decision to work hard to win. The party candidate will contest from this constituency, which is also the constituency that usually wins the Congress candidates.
We have already clarified that these rules are impossible,” said Prestone.
Jehangir Alom, a resident of Lakhimpur, Assam, was arrested with the assistance of the Assam Police.
I have benefited a lot from the teachings from this link of Rupang.com to God bless you...I want you to give the subject :-Go to the end of perfection, Hebrews 6:1
“I am very happy to see that our people have to sit on the ground to sell their goods,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister cited an example from a case in Maharashtra in 2014 in which the Supreme Court struck down the Ordinance implemented by the State Government, which allocated more than the amount of 50% to a National Nation.
The District Council and the Mylliem Hima have taken a decision during the tenure of CEM Ardent Basaiawmoit and EM Labor James Ban. Basaiawmoit, but the district council has not yet announced whether the decision and the announcements will go ahead as announced. I'm writing.
The allocation of T.1,000 crore is for the railway operation and T.2,000 crore for the road construction.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that Mukroh is still far from the border with Assam and belongs to Meghalaya.
As part of the 50th Anniversary Celebration, the WJDSA has prepared many sports programs throughout the year.
In a letter, Bah Marngar said, “I am saddened to learn that on Friday morning, the Assam government has gone to open the stadium at Umlaper Village, Block II. The DC of Hamren West Karbi Anglong, on Tuesday, 26th July, 2021, said that both Meghalaya and Assam should not do any development works and should not The Status Quo, but unfortunately, the Assam side did not respect the meeting.
Therefore, he urged the youth and the villagers to follow the example of Kiang Nongbah so that our country can achieve complete independence.
However , it was seen that the statement of the ministers of the Hima Mylliem has turned into a nightmare , and today it was seen that all the Daju in the market carried goods without wearing their clothes and walked around like but it was seen that the Mylliem Hima did not give them any share.
Kishan ordered an inquiry into the incident.
We all go through many obstacles, but remember one thing that we should not fail but just fall, while many times we fail our own children through our words and deeds.
The JSM has expressed its deep sorrow after learning of this incident and has discussed with its members and decided to donate to these two families.
“I don't think the MPCC President and other party leaders know this.
This was announced by the Village Authorities of 39 Villages after submitting a memorandum to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong on Friday for the government to consider. already before the debate begins in the second round.
The two organizations urged the DC to explain to the people regarding the Aadhar number before starting the implementation of the Aadhar number so that if the people accept it, they will accept it without any hesitation. doubt.
Nongstoiñ, June 9: Umshynrut Village under Mawshynrut C&RD Block is a village which does not have a proper road for the convenience of the people in coming and going.
This has been done for the benefit of all because there have been too many lawsuits during the time of previous governments and therefore in order for these not to continue, it is necessary to create mechanisms for mutual understanding.
Many have fallen into such traps especially in various companies which have turned into hell in our human life in this world.
The training on food processing and sale in public places started on Thursday at Darrang village, a village on the India-Bangladesh border in Amlarem Sub Division.
If this happens, the arrear of teachers will reach another new government.
“I am confident that all countries in the world including countries from the southern hemisphere can do such things.
Half an hour later, Babysunday added his second goal in the 37th minute to make it 3-1 in the first half.
Bah Titos said that there will be many activities to be performed during these two days from traditional dance, handicrafts, siej, traditional clothes, wine making, wine making, traditional shet ja, puriskam storytelling, Khasi herbal medicine, traditional games including sword shooting and others.
The Border Security Force troops, who detect the routes of smugglers, conduct raids to arrest those involved and curb smuggling from the Indian border to Bangladesh.
The government has decided to continue this after the parents have agreed to work together to send their children to school by bus as part of the reduction in traffic jam in the city.
Out of the 23 loaves of bread collected from across the state, the bread was tested at the Food Analyst in Assam last month and it was confirmed that the bread did not contain Potassium Bromated. said the state government.
On the other hand, the Army, Assam Rifles and State Police have rushed to the area and searched for the suspects.
JW Marriott has been fined T.25,000 for charging T.442 for two rooms to Rahul Bose. , charges tax on the goods, which are not taxed, according to the report.
Shillong, July 28: The Director of Employment & Craftsmen Training, Shillong, on Tuesday warned all unemployed youth in the state not to apply for any job offers without confirming the information. details of employers.
The NCP candidate said that the current Trinamool Congress leader in Meghalaya, Bah George Lyngdoh, has conveyed to the Legislative Assembly the need to recognize the Khasi language. and to include it in Article 5 of the Constitution of India.
Chyne said that the most important thing in the Act is that the distribution of shares should be equal for daughters and sons, but this will also depend on the terms of reference ( Will).
All the arrested persons were taken to Sadar PS and after completion of the examination at Civil Hospital, Shillong they were taken to court in the morning.
Ricky Stone Nongbet top scored with 29 runs from 14 balls while Nangkiewkupar Disiar scored 22 runs from 29 balls. Nangshai Nongpluh took two wickets in four overs.
On the other hand, the DM&HO Nongstoin has promised to the union leaders that it will take action to implement the Health Sub Center as announced by the State Government and as requested by the people living in the Langpih border area.
Block Development Officer, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, Bah I. Lawriniang, was the chief guest in the presence of Bah WL Snaitang, Secretary Village, Bah BC Kharsyntiew, Bah Y. Biam, Secretary Village, Shillong. Inspector, Nongstoin, and Bah E.Tariang, District Social Welfare Officer, Nongstoin and others.
The Seng expresses its feeling that this work is now in Umdum, it has not reached anywhere and as the saying goes, “Iadur ki Masi die ki plank ki kynbat”.
Nongpoh: The Joint Action Committee Against Casinos (JACAC) has launched a signature campaign against the government's plan to introduce Khalai camps in The Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act 2021, which has been implemented in Bhoirymbong, has been implemented in Bhoirymbong. completed in 10 unpaid places in Ri Bhoi.
Shillong: Hingaria village in Sutnga Saipung constituency has been hit by a cyclone on the 24th and 25th of this month.
President Ram Nath Kovind also visited Jaitley at the hospital.
Nongpoh: Thousands of people from all over the country today held a public meeting of the Meghalaya Pradesh Trinamool Congress (MPC) at Madan Byrnihat. They came to attend the meeting and to listen to the speeches of the TMC leaders in the state.
Shillong, Nailur, 29: The village leaders of Baikam village, which has less than 40 households on the border of East Jaintia Hills District and Assam, have not been included in the border demarcation between Meghalaya. and Assam in the first phase after the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU).
Therefore, we need the power for the State to reject & exempt and modify & alter any Act of the Central Government before it comes into force in the State.
Speaking to the Governor, he said that the ILP falls under the jurisdiction of the President and the Governor can only look after the MRSSA. same.
“The incident in Mukroh is unacceptable but if we look at the past incidents, Assam has attacked not only Meghalaya but also Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Mizoram and Nagaland,” he said. said.
Garo if you have 9 lakh paid and you 5 lakh and Khasi 15 lakh.
The North-Eastern Skill & Entrepreneurship Conclave, known as 'Manthan2023' was inaugurated by Rajeev Chandrasekhar, Minister of State for Skill Development & Entrepreneurship and Electronics and Information Technology Rajkumar Ranja. Singh, Minister of State for Education and External Affairs.
Another issue that needs to be considered is that perhaps there is not enough government jobs to meet the demand because there are so many educated youth and other ways should be considered. business.
Jowai, Jymmang 03: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills District today announced that the NFSA (AAY and PHH) and Non-NFSA ration under the PMGKAY scheme for the month of June, 2022 has been released to all wholesale for delivery to all ration shops by the 15th of this month.
Bah Tynsong asked the opposition first to get 32 ​​MLAs before they can form a government and appoint a Khasi Chief Minister.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar expressed his special gratitude to the Tehsonglang Village Organization Photjaud for taking this initiative to have its own office.
Police have seized T.50,000 tyngka from the engineer.
As soon as they arrive at the village, those foreigners shall inform the Rangbah Shnong and the village shall ensure that they do not leave their homes and rooms for 14 days along with their family members. Self Quarantine means that if you have any symptoms of headache, fever and shortness of breath, you should immediately call – 8787520449 or .
The number of injured in the clash has not been confirmed yet. The Chief Minister, Mamata Banerjee, has alleged that those who caused the clash were foreigners who have opposition to my state.
Nongpoh: ITC Cementation India Limited, a company known as ITC Cementation India Limited, has started repairing the damaged parts of the Pung Umiam Bridge. The repair of the bridge has caused traffic jams and traffic jams in parts of the bridge at Pung Umiam.
The increasing number of cyber crimes in these days will protect us from criminals who are involved in committing crimes.
A first date is an impactful encounter especially for young people.
The God who speaks is the living God, the God who made the heavens and the earth.
If we don't take care of these events one by one, we will be like digging our own grave.
The tournament was organized by the Manipur Professional Boxing Council (MPBC) under the auspices of the Indian Boxing Council (IBC), which has joined the World Boxing Council (WBC).
What is the custom ? I mean, what is the traditional custom of the Khasi? Do you know what your custom is ? Have there been any changes since the beginning of the Khasi culture until today? The changes are many if we compare carefully.
From 3 pm to 6 pm, in Khasi Hills, including Shillong.
When you say this, you understand that you have the right to work here, but you don't want to work in the right way because there are rules that the government has set to regulate the labor influx. illegal immigration work into the District and especially to curb the entry of people from other countries into Jaintia Hills and the state as a whole.
Maharashtra has 67,123 cases, Uttar Pradesh 27,334, Delhi 24,375, Karnataka 17,489 and Chhattisgarh 16,0
However, even this has now passed and the special graces have been given to her son from behind.
Bhalang is a poor son.
Those who attended the meeting were UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, NPP President Prestone Tynsong, BJP Leader AL Hek, PDF President Banteidor Lyngdoh, PDF President Metbah Lyngdoh, PDF President Metbah Lyngdoh. Dhar (NPP), Hamlet Dohling, Chief Organizer, HSPDP, NCP, Lambor Malngiang (IND), Thomas A Sangma (NPP).
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, u Bah Embhah said that the purpose of the meeting was to raise concerns among the people of Mawlai, due to the delay of the government in opening the new Block which was announced in dorbar mang tyngka which was held in 2016 because in other places the opening has been going smoothly.
Prestone said this while talking to reporters at the opening ceremony of the Multi-Species Modern Abattoir at Mawiong.
Kamaljit Singh Jhooti or Jay Sean, a Londoner of Punjab Indian origin, has attracted more than 7,000 people to his concerts in Shillong and Yangon. This song of him witnessed that the spectators could not help but take part by singing and dancing in the song of this God in Shillong.
After the meeting with the VC, JAC Chairman Prof. Lakhon Kma said, “We have decided to temporarily suspend our strike and from tomorrow the 17th classes will resume. teachers will start training and others can return to their offices.
Shamshul Haque was on his way to Dimapara with his driver when two men on a motorcycle came to visit him. immediately in one place and after that, he will return.
In society, both types of human beings are needed and should be balanced.
“I am still waiting for a reply from the government on this,” Goyal said.
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has filed a complaint against Goyal of Jet Airways, his wife Anita and several former executives. The company of the current private airline has allegedly lost T.538 crore to Canara Bank.
Those who have passed Matriculation or Class-X will not be mentioned who have come to earn a high position from home.
The State Youth Wing of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on the 2nd March 2023, has honored this young woman as a sign of encouragement to her. I'm from Shillong College.
The BJP also mentioned many occasions where the Prime Minister himself has visited churches and social functions of Christian churches organized by party leaders in the state. , said a statement from the party.
“There have been previous raids on the residences and workplaces of Anandi, a resident of Nirakhpur in Kinjar area of ​​Arwal district, Bihar. seizure of firearms and explosives on June 12, 2022," said an NIA official. A clash broke out between a group of civilians and a group of policemen after The bodies of the two victims of the shooting incident in Kangpokpi district were taken to Khwairanband Bazaar on Friday evening, which caused riots in Imphal.
Kong Mon, who saw the stranger passing by in the morning, came and told Kongthei Daplin one day.
On the other hand, Maitshaphrang said that time has passed and there are many changes in the world today.
These two men are from Barato.
The changes that the States have to introduce are – The State Government's acceptance of the losses by the Public Sector Power Distribution Companies (DISCOMs).
His strength to cross the PDF to the Congress party has prompted the Congress party to award him with a ticket and he was elected as the party's candidate from this constituency in the bye. election will be held soon in this constituency.
Speaking at the meeting, u Bah Sangma said that this is a platform to discuss the transformation of education in the state through the implementation of the New Education Policy to improve education in the country. He also expressed his satisfaction to see that some institutions have come forward for the implementation of this new policy.
lajan is the time for you to know that you are not jalor.
In the world today and especially in our country and nation, if we look and judge carefully, we are full of corruption. Therefore, from the election of those leaders who will form the government to look after the Khadar rule, they have been elected in the wrong way and by corruption.
Kumar said the Indian government has taken steps to ensure that the states of the North East develop building codes that are different from those in other parts of the country. In India.
The party's state chief Sukanta Majumder, the opposition leader in the Bengal Assembly Suvendu Adhikari and the party's national vice-president Dilip Ghosh have already held a meeting. meeting with the press.
The TMC rally was held at Madan Tyrso, where thousands of people from the area came to listen to the election campaign by these candidates. Through this public meeting, these TMC leaders, have been able to explain to the public the principles of the party and who have also expressed to the people, that the TMC is the right party to Speaking on the occasion, Mukul Sangma, while speaking on the occasion, asked for the support of the people of the state and especially during the last five years of rule by the MDA government. Dr. Saralin Dorphang, candidate of the TMC, should give his support to Dr. Saralin Dorphang, candidate of the TMC, in order to bring about change in the state and especially in the Mawhati constituency. one of the lagging constituencies in terms of development.
He said the market has been scheduled to be completed in November
“In Mawphlang Constituency, we have to create a circle again after it has been abolished, and in Mawphlang Constituency as it is now, we don't have a circle. Eugene Son is still alive.
“They released me after signing and brought me back to the party office in Mawlai Nongkwar,” he said.
On the other hand, these leaders urged all the members to work hard for the welfare of the people of the state and also for the fulfillment of the promises they made before the elections. .
Therefore, if we repeal this Act, our youngsters can play and there will be no restrictions on them,” said Conrad.
The NPP in the State and the NDA in the Central Government will enable them to work together and ensure the development of the State”.
Shillong, November 20: The Executive Committee of the SNSBH, which met on 18th November 2015, has expressed its concern over the reports in the media on the order of the High Court of Meghalaya in the PIL No. 9 of The Government has decided to temporarily suspend the expansion of MUDA to other parts of the state except in those areas where it used to operate.
Besides Meghalaya, other states to hold MP elections on the same day include Maharashtra with seven seats, Tamil Nadu with six seats, Andhra Pradesh with six seats, West Bengal and Bihar. Odisha and Gujarat have four seats each, Assam, Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan have three seats each.
Shillong, July 06 : The body of Blessingson Fancon, residents of 3 Mer Upper Shillong, on Saturday, was found on the footpath to Wah Umjasai.
It is to be recalled that this tournament was held as part of the fundraising campaign for the Kynshi Bangla LP School.
rbi.org.
“We will continue to monitor with the university to pay the fees,” said Pastor Phawa.
The Tripuris, even though the Khadar rule has changed for whatever reason, but on the border, they still stand firm to protect the land that does not belong to India.
Shillong: The State Government has strengthened security measures especially in connection with the celebration of Independence Day.
“We have already met with Bah AL Hek recently who told us that the government has set up an inquiry committee to investigate this matter who promised to complete it after the elections," they said.
Shillong, Naitung 4: The closure of foreign shops of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today has been different, as the Enforcement Police of KHADC led by Superintendent Bah P.Sohphoh, this time did not go only to close down foreign shops. They also closed down those shops without licenses, but they also went to close down those shops without permits including the shops selling kwai, and at the same time they confiscated them. The KHADC has started from Iewduh.
The deterioration of this road has caused problems to the residents of the area, as it is the most important road and connects many villages in the area.
The witnesses of the incident, immediately rushed to the scene to help the man to escape from the drowning.
East Jaintia Hills District has the highest number of students who passed the SSLC examination with 82.36 per cent while South West Garo Hills District has the lowest number of students with 26.45 per cent. Ramyank Nilabh Chakraborty of Don Bosco College, Tura, Tura, won the first position with 460 marks.
I'm going to Jowai to take medicine. The police of Raliang Police Station don't allow me to take medicine. They don't allow me to take medicine. in this way they kill their children.
On the same day, prizes were also awarded to the winners of the drawing competition with the participation of students from various schools in Nongpoh area on the theme Fish For Life.
He said that according to the information of his brother, it was to allow the troops to move forward, so that they could drop off the goods at that place. They ktang suloi and long syaid inside the leg and when they looked, they saw that the hymmen had covered his head. After looking carefully, blood came out. .
Medical researchers said dental health experts.
“To strengthen the GHADC, the government has decided to appoint an MCS officer as secretary,” he said.
Up to 200 athletes, both men and women, have been brought from all over the state for the camp and the training will continue for months before another. camp later this year.
Therefore, equal cooperation brings peace and trust while conflict leads to widespread evil.
In a meeting with the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Arkini Sumer, he said that according to the information he has received from the dairy farmers, there are about 5 cows that have died from this disease. and there are those who are sick.
The Hati Sakuna, as soon as he heard this speech of the farmer, stood up for a while, then lifted up the Luta, struck three times and threw himself back to the lawbah 'lawsan, throwing away the wheat on the road. his.
“The allocation for MGNRES alone will amount to about Rs 200 crore and the allocation is that the department responsible for this will withdraw this money for the implementation of this scheme especially in these months. “It is the month when people work best under this scheme because they are less employed,” he said.
Shillong, July 03 : Kishan Lyngdoh has scored his first hundred runs against Punit Bisht, who scored a double ton. Meghalaya will play against Arunachal Pradesh in the plate group of the Ranji Trophy at Anand, Gujarat today.
"Then I said, 'How many times have you gone to the fields to know all these things?' The woman said, " I am just telling you a story.
They work directly with the staff of the Government Ministers to check the number plates of the vehicles. If there are no number plates, it means that they come without paying.
The Trinamool Congress is national only in platform but not in practice because it does not want to introduce a single law in India and does not stand on religion like the BJP. Indeed, the leaders who know how to work and look after the needs of the people and not the leaders who just talk like fools as happened in the Assembly.
Football: Teibok Nongrum, Fashioning Syngkli, Kenny Noel Sangma, Glennys Lynrah, Arlangki Nongsiej, Chibaitki Pamthied, Pyrkhat Janai Khar-kongngor, Colin Salmon Lyngdoh, Batskhemlang Jyrwa, Badonkupar Shadap, Dathyngne, Adam O.Sutong. Babysundar Marngar, Devian Ronald-son Lyngdoh Nonglait, Easter Ch.
On the other hand, the NPP party office bearers, Umsning Constituency have strongly condemned the incident and requested the law enforcement authorities to conduct a thorough investigation into the stone throwing at the MDC's residence. The incident occurred two days after the NPP election campaign rally in Umsning caused by suspected VPP supporters. The Association on the 10th of this month strongly condemned the threat against two lawyers who received a threatening letter along with two bullets from unknown persons. they are what.
She added that Bah Shangpliang did not get permission from the supporters, alone together with some of his followers raised the flag which was unfounded.
This is not the first time that the students have danced to this song.
The word 'Reverend' or 'Revd' or 'Rev' means bright, bright and fearsome to look at.
“I have put in this request at the request of thousands of special needs children in Jammu & Kashmir so that educational facilities can be equally provided for them in all private schools as per laws ," the article said.
At 10 AM, a Holy Mass was led by Most.Rev.Victor Lyngdoh DD, Bishop of Jowai Diocese in the presence of Priests from different Parishes of Diocese and outside.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) has announced that it will lay a wreath in front of the Secretariat as part of its demand for the suspension of two policemen, Bah Simsang. the inspector and Aiban Lyngdoh, who visited the children and those female teachers.
It is further proved that the SDE demanded a sum of Rs 40,000 from the petitioner and informed him that the PGM of BSNL demanded the sum for compromise regarding the decision on the case is pending at his request, the CBI team confirmed in a written statement sent by it.
It was clear that they were not within 10 to 15 minutes,” said a bench of interim Chief Justice TS Sivagnanam and Justice Hiranmay Bhattacharyya.
Regarding the incident, MDC Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency Bah Bajop Pynrope said that the Assam police have come to stop the construction of the road. their violence even though they did not know their own borders.
The training was inaugurated by the BDO of Thadlaskeiñ C&RD Block.
The arrested women are identified as Banisha Nongsiej, 21, of Mawlai, Umiajur Block-III; L. Nongrang, 38, of Nongpdeng, Aisuk Dirborn, 35, of Nongrah, Rynjah, Shillong, Kerdalin Biam, 33, of Mawlai, Shillong and Ialam Shympliang, 32, of Upper Shillong.
Guwahati: Senior leaders of the Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) have expressed their strong opposition to the return of AGP leaders to work with the BJP in the 2019 MP elections. .
The provisions of the Act provide for the protection of all parties, that in case of any difference of opinion, the Pynchayati Raj Department of the Government of India shall decide, not the Courts.
In Meghalaya, the program is known as the Promotion and Incubation of Market Driven Enterprises (PRIME) and was launched in July
Some tips to avoid making any wrong choices are:Their ageYou should allow your children to do any activities according to their age.
He also promised to conduct the DSC examination soon for the benefit of the job seekers.
Nongpoh: Regarding the presence of the Assam Police Station in Sabuda, the residents of those villages in the area, said that they have not yet received any benefit, but They said that the presence of the police station has turned into a Mawjynthut for the purpose of delivering development works to the villages in the area, which falls under the Raid Nongtung. public as Block-2
They said that the suit and shor started on the 11th and 12th of this month, and on the 11th and 12th, they went to Ing Lyngdoh, which the Wahkhen people call 'Nongbatsla' on the 13th they went to the Lum or the Maw Lyngdoh which was in the Law of the Priest or the Law of the Holy.
Speaking to reporters, the group said that since then there has been no Ri Raid within the Raid and it has become a Ri shi ing which the village has distributed to all the residents along with the dulir. .
According to a statement issued by the Publicity Secretary of the party, Bah N.Myrlia, the Lokayukta Bill is the only one that can equalize the citizens of the state.
On the other hand, the GSMC leaders informed Shah that the demand for independent Garoland of the Garo people has been a long standing issue since 1899 when the Garo swordsman Matgrik Lt. Sonaram R. Sangma fought against the French for the independence of Garoland.
New Delhi: Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman today announced that BS IV vehicles, which have caused concern to many owners and vehicle companies, will continue to operate. The reason is that these vehicles are still being built newly today.
In the meantime, he chooses to seek the meaning of life.
Worldwide, 12.08 million people have been infected with the virus so far and 548,429 people have died.
To preserve our identity, the party stands firmly for that.
Shillong, Nailar 27: Commercial vehicles cannot operate without license plates and especially local taxis have received permits and number plates, but they still need stickers; However, it is surprising that a four-wheeler bus which does not even have a number plate earns exactly.
“Our share of central government revenue has doubled from T.4000 crore to T.9000 crore in the last five years.
The College Student Union (CSU) has clarified that the complaint of the district administration against the three students who locked the gate is not true, but it was locked by all the students and the complaint against only the three students is true. it is unacceptable.
The two met in the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) in North Korea and it was during this meeting that they fell in love with each other.
We demand that the government should immediately arrest this person and punish him according to the Epidemic Act.
The Chief Minister said that this road is very important to reduce traffic jam in Shillong.
Twitter's 11 executives have approved the decision to sell their news agency, headed by Jack Dorsey, the company's former CEO.
He urged the youth to take advantage of this scheme to shape their future in the future.
The Union also wondered why the Governor has not approved the Jaintia District Council Act, when he himself said in a meeting with the Village Authorities, that it is going smoothly.
The SDO (Civil) will supervise and manage the operation, to ensure that there will be no crowds and to comply with the health rules.
Until now, the bording has not been turned on.
“With 39 bodies sent to AIIMs, till Tuesday, there have been 91 bodies.
Besides, the people in one voice demanded that the government should listen to the voice of the people, because if it does not listen, there could be more chaos than before.
Shillong, Naitung 22: U CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, on Tuesday said that he has not received any complaint from the UCIL saying that there is no complaint against the handover of the Wahkaji-Mawthabah road to the Roads Department. and Highways to the Central Government.
The Prime Minister said that this Legislative Assembly has seen the trust of the people and has been the center of this trust even in the midst of the difficulties and achievements of democracy.
At the same time, he also thanked the people especially the Village Authorities who have given their hands and feet in the past two months when the state was under lockdown.
God will punish them for what they are doingThe day will come when they will regret but it will be too lateLord forgive them for they do not know what they do....
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Donkupar said, “There are three reasons why I want to say, one is according to a report in a news website mining weekly.com, that the Indian government has decided to stop monitoring new uranium mining projects due to public opposition".
The Committee will continue to be headed by the Minister of State for Law, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh as Chairperson.
How can we practice social distancing properly? Is it enough for us to stand in front of the shops? It is time for the Khasi to think again and encourage their ancestors so that they will not become devils from field to field because the roads and villages have become too narrow.
“Therefore, we will have about 6500 volunteers in each village who will have a link with the government through a central database, to help the government to get information immediately at the same time on what is happening in the villages. Sangma said.
However, there are other scientists who believe that this blockade may affect the earth in some way, because the sun may pass through another path and burn the earth. , on the other hand and some also feel that this technology can affect the environment, the growing of vegetables, food and even the health of you are a man.
“Today's discussion is on the need to open the door, to drop all the cases and complaints against the HNLC,” said Bah Sadon.
He said that in terms of money, Sohiong has reached hundreds of crores in the last three years.
According to the social agreement with the casual and contract workers on 15.8.2018 for various benefits but till now they have not received EPF, ESI and Earned Leave, he said.
“There is no protest to remove Bah Pynshngain from the post of CEM, we have all agreed,” said Bah Process.
The aim is to improve the beauty of this place to attract tourists which is one of the sources of income for the residents.
Shillong, Naitung 17: Many foreigners send their children to Shillong to study but people from this state send them elsewhere.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Bah Gigur Myrthong said that in the four years of his journey, he has tried his best to bring about development in the area.
The Prime Minister listened to them and said that he would look into these demands of the Meghalaya Government.
“During my tenure, I gave T.5000/- to women to empower them.
Prayer and its power were the central subject of the Sadhu's sermons.
In another development, Fortis Hospital in Haryana has written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Amit Shah and other government officials that its oxygen supply has run out. you will need only 45 minutes.
All the offices including the Secretariat which is the highest office in the State were also closed.
But he has not done anything for more than a month.
Explaining and summarizing Bishop Thompson's words about the Mother, he says: How many things are united in these beautiful things in this name MOTHER, the smile, the movement of the child, the smile on the the song and dance of her children, she looks proudly at the beautiful youth of her children, she looks forward to their future, their old age and old age, the things that relieve her old age.
The Seng expresses its surprise that these Coke Factories have been able to appear as tits during the rainy season in the Elaka.
“Because there will be a meeting between the party and the Prime Minister and senior government officials, we feel that it is up to us to stop the protest,” said VPP President and MLA Ardent Basaïawmoit. talking to reporters after the meeting with the Minister.
Nongpoh: A meeting between the leaders and members of the Mawhati Constituency Political Committee (MCPC) was held at Jatah Mawhati on Saturday. They have not yet supported a candidate for the 2023 elections, but the support for a candidate or to nominate a candidate, will be announced in November or April this year.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that the Sohiong Constituency will hold the poll on the 10th June 2023 and the polling day will be on the 13th June. 2023.
This is what they mean when they say 'winnability'
Kharjahrin said he had seen the meeting between the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Union Home Minister Amit Shah, but there was no sign that the Union Government would implementation of ILP in Meghalaya.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) leader and Rambrai MDC, Bah Bajop Pyngrope, on Tuesday said that the Voice of the People (VPP) will not be able to survive for a long time. many times the leaders will be confused with each other.
The polling day is a special day where even the Government has given a public holiday for the citizens to fulfill their duties, but there are still those who take this stingy and do not appreciate it by spending. the day to go to other work.
Shillong, Nailur, 24: The Transport Department has lost revenue collection of T.23.75 crore.
Rudolph Down.
He said that the bridge will not only provide a road from one side of the river to the other but will also attract tourists who will bring back income to the villagers and neighboring villages.
Marksheets can be sent on Whatsapp and the deadline for submission is 31st July and the venue will be announced later.
Meanwhile, all the injured were taken to nearby hospitals, where three of them were seriously injured and their lives were in danger. tremendous.
Shillong, June 21: A 52-year-old dam cleaner named Rama has drowned inside the Mawphlang Dam while cleaning the dam.
After the completion of Stage-III, 24 million liters of water per day will be distributed and 135 liters per head per day of drinking water will be available to 5,12,000 residents of Shillong.
On the other hand, Bah G.Namsaw, as the Rangbah Shnong, expressed his satisfaction and appreciation for the initiative taken by the Seng Samla Shnong, for the purpose of bringing about a clean environment in the village. At the same time, he congratulated these leaders of the Seng Samla Shnong, so that they can continue to do better work in the community.
Four missiles were fired at Kabul airport this morning from the Khabarkhaneh area and one of the missiles hit a civilian residence, while Others have fallen due to the collapse of the fire extinguishers at the airport.
The District authorities will also prepare their lists for submission to the Commission.
One of the leaders of the party, while talking to this reporter, said that they have seen the lack of willingness of the state government to work where the people do not get the benefits they should get but the President of the party does not want. to say something against the government.
Other speakers on the occasion were the President of the Managing Committee Dr SK Chattopadhyay, SR Choudhury and Naba Bhattacharjee among others.
The competition was organized by the Director of the Woodpecker International Film Festival (WIFF), Narender Yadav.
The proposed site for the school is 42,000 square feet.
Jowai Legislator Wailadmiki Shylla has said that the Voice of the People Party (VPP) cannot create a world in Jaintia Hills.
The program was inaugurated by Dr. KK Nongsiej, I/c Principal, Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat last month in the presence of teachers, computer instructors and Hindi instructors.
He said that if you listen carefully to the video, there was no criticism against the church leaders.
According to the vendors, it will take about six months to complete all these requirements until they can start selling shops.
In this regard, the Dorbar Shnong has also informed the MLA of Mylliem Constituency, Bah Ronnie V. Lyngdoh to look into the matter regarding the water well at Mawkhan Pasir.
It may be recalled that on the 29th of July, the CEM expressed his anger after he saw with his own eyes that many foreigners are able to trade freely without a trading licence. and especially the large number of fish that have been traded in the Bimola area.
People from outside the State should be tested and if they have symptoms they should be placed in isolation.
Thomas Jones was welcomed by a pious army officer who gave them accommodations, Captain Lewin.
Referring to the demand of ACHIK to implement the roster system from the beginning, the HNYF leader said that he has no authority to say anything on this issue. India has the right to demand whether it should demand from the beginning or from the beginning to implement the reservation policy and the roster system.
Shillong, June 4: U Shri Ravi Thakur has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 3rd of this month at 11 pm, an AB constable named Pitamber Hajong has robbed his residence. Thakur of Lapalang, Shillong and threatened the complainant with a pistol and shot him. He complained that the policeman was drunk.
Suddenly, some people protested against the decision.
At the same time, the KSU leaders urged the students to be united.
Nujorki Sungoh of the United Democratic Party (UDP) has filed his nomination papers on the 4th of June.
However, the village has imposed a strict condition on Yadav that if he does not pay the amount of Rs 44 lakh, his name will be rejected and the job will be given to him. come second, in the head of the price.
Tura, Jymmang 16 : The Vice President (VP) of the BJP and MDC of Tura, Bernard N Marak, has vowed to file a complaint against trucks, stone traders and various government departments including Garo Hills. Hills Autonomous District Council on Tuesday said that the Supreme Court has allowed trucks to smuggle more than 30 tonnes of stone to Bangladesh which has damaged the Dalu road and put the people in trouble. great.
The SNSBH has strongly opposed the Government's decisions to restrict government employees from holding village posts and demanded that they should be given free will.
But among all these the most concerning from the current hunt is the traffic disruption.
This meeting was held with great sorrow and responsibility to gather together all the members of the Kur who are here in Shillong to share in the grief, especially in the death and sorrow and also to sing together. All the brothers and sisters are here in Shillong.
There are currently 6,000 teachers out of 12,541 teachers who have been sleeping on the streets for three days as a sign of their protest to demand the payment of their salaries by the state government. for 3 months.
The son is known as Jair Bolsonaro and works in Santa Catarina.
AIS Suja “Do not love the world” is what God's Word, the Bible, says.
The struggle of the indigenous people to revive this country began in the 1980s after some of them became more educated, intelligent and farsighted.
These bullets were recovered by Chokpot Police after receiving a tip on the presence of several boxes of bullets hidden by suspected insurgents in parts of the forest in Chokpot. The incident occurred at Chibokgre village under Chokpot police station in South Garo Hills district.
This order was issued partly to avoid any tragic incident due to the continuous heavy rainfall which has damaged parts of the road and could also collapse due to landslides.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 19: With the aim of introducing opportunities for the development of a market for local entrepreneurs from West Khasi Hills District, the District Commerce and Industries Office of Nongstoiñ, on Tuesday, announced that the The District Level Industrial Exhibition will be held on the 19th and 20th June 2024, at New Nongstoiñ Square.
Shillong: Two more border markets will be opened at Bholaganj and Ryngku in East Khasi Hills District next April, said Rebecca Suchiang, Additional Chief Secretary, Meghalaya. Hills.
“The UCC is not something that can run smoothly in a country like India.
Troubles and sufferings come every day.
Lakador Syiem is the former Principal of the Police Training School (PTS) and has been a teacher at the North East Police Academy (NEPA) since the state police department.
Therefore not all vegetables will be the same in quality and taste.
Ka Kam is the Hima-Sima political party to revive the new democracy.
Shillong: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) will hold a program to recruit new and old members in all parts of Meghalaya to commemorate the birth anniversary of its first President. starting from 6th November 2019 to 11th January 2019 at 10 am onwards.
Such a thing will lead to a great deal of trouble because the Khasi have been established in the kur.
Speaking to media, the President of the BJP in the state said, “On the allegation against Bernard N Marak, we have received a directive from the authorities to conduct an investigation and we have done so. We have already sent the report and we are waiting for the order we have received”.
Furthermore, according to the story of the elders or the rawon fishermen, once the buyer of the lukha river throws a jar to catch fish, the rawon are no longer useful to fish because the fish don't know anymore because they understand. you smell jar.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: Shillong Lajong FC today returned to victory after beating Neroca FC 2-0 in the I-League at the SSA Stadium, Shillong.
Surprisingly, Deibor did not take the woman even when she reached the place where she should have taken her, but took her to one of his workplaces at Rymbai Road. and he committed the crime, it is said that after committing the crime he threatened her not to tell anyone.
In addition, to use the DMF funds in schools and villages for various development projects.
Mawhati MLA Julius Dorphang was arrested on the night of 6th July, 2017 at 11 pm at the Inter State Bus Terminal at Garchuk, Assam.
They also requested him to postpone the polling day which was scheduled for the 8th November to the 6th November as the 8th November falls on Sunday.
The leaders also said that the issue of Model Question Papers according to the NEP for 1 Semester has not been discussed or approved by the AC and therefore, this will affect all the activities related to the examinations. According to the NEP for the '1 Semester' of the 2023-24 academic year which is illegal and ineffective, on the one hand it will endanger the future of the students.
At the outset, I will suffice here that Ayush has experienced progress in the last 9 years.
Shillong, Nailar 29: Out of the 71 projects including the construction of squares, theaters and others in the state, only 7 projects have been completed while 13 projects are pending. in the call for tenders and some have been completed.
Of course you should be afraid but what I mean is that you should not be afraid or worried without reason but you need to know the truth before you are afraid.
The Government's declaration of war last year to combat the spread of drugs is the most important step to curb the spread of drugs in Meghalaya.
The KSU said that the border crossing by Assam has happened in the past few days, when the government officials from Assam have been crossing the border. They came to erect signboards to the land of the people of Umsaw Lumdorbar village who have been turned into farming land in the past decades.
They promised prosperity if they came to power.
The Rangbah Shnong, Bah Mighter N Marwein, said that the village will not allow foreigners to trade or sell without the permission of the Dorbar Shnong.
Shillong, March 26: A group of residents together with students of Mayfair School, Arya Kanya Vidyalaya Laitumkhrah and others, today went to Laitumkhrah Market, where it is known that the it is the city of Christians.
When we listen to how the smart meter works, it is very easy and helpful so that all the people can get that accurate count.
Suddenly on 01st November 2023, the list of students to study MBBS through the government scheme was released and it was found that the same non-Khasis who are on the Screening List have been selected. to read through the Open Category.
At the same time, the President addressed the public meeting at Mawphlang and inaugurated the Rongjeng-Mangsang-Adokgre and Mairang-Ranigodown-Azra roads online. Peak Ropeway and tourist accommodation in Kongthong, Mawlyngot and Kudengrim.
The people of the state have also questioned whether the loss of this golden opportunity is due to the lack of capacity.
It should be recalled that the MLP police from West Khasi Hills have arrested and detained two Nepali Nationals for coming without proper documents.
Many farmers who came to participate in this program and who also expressed their readiness to register under this scheme in the coming rainy season
He also urged the residents to take advantage of the CM Elevate Programme.
Throughout the day, words from the Holy Book were delivered by the Father who led the prayer as well as by various Church leaders, who took part in the special prayer, for the brothers and sisters. villages in need of illness as well as the state as a whole.
He said that more than 100 policemen were injured in the protest due to the stone throwing by the crowd and the shooting of bird shotguns.
This is not the first time, but it happens every year before November which started in 2007 after the emergence of company factories in the area.
It was a first class match for Kurkalang to take a wicket in the Ranji Trophy.
Jowai, Naitung 08 : The Hon. General Secretary of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai, Lammat-oo Laloo, today announced that there will be a screening of players for the Independence Football Tournament. Day Cup U-17 Football League cum Knockout Tournament'.
Therefore, we must avoid those people who have a bad mark on corruption, fraud, instability on the basis of what they have done and who have counted dew thala and defiled the Khaddar Government in the past. to choose them again.
he said.
The Memorandum was also submitted to the Government of Assam for action with the Government of India.
Here in Rikhasi, the randomly close construction of the houses of the people shows that people are afraid to live near or farther from one house to another.
Conrad said that during the meeting, the establishment of the College of Teachers Education (CTE) in the State was discussed.
Regarding the garbage dumping in Jowai, the government was urged to find ways and means to resolve this problem.
He said that there are about 199 households in the village and the residents are now waiting and hoping that the government will expedite the provision of other necessities for the people such as health facilities, water supply and others.
The proposal to relocate the Government Offices to Mawpdang, Mawkhanu was decided at the Cabinet meeting and was followed by the foundation stone laying ceremony by the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma in July this year. as part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the Independence of the State.
The lawyer wants to have more rules, including special courts, to try any murder or robbery cases of public leaders.
In JHADC, the NCP has nominated three candidates and the HSPDP five.
In Pool-B, Mizoram beat Nagaland 4-1
He said that if there are government colleges, teachers and salaries will be provided, and the tuition fees of the students will be higher.
