Shillong: The Department of Telecom (DoT) has found about 1.52 lakh mobile phone connections suspected of being obtained by issuing fake documents at the Points of Sale (PoS) of many Telecom Service Providers ( TSPs) in seven states under the North East LSA – Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland and Tripura.
“Bah Shylla and I have been in jail for a long time in the past, Bah Shylla has been in jail 21 times, I haven't looked at the record,” said Bah Paul.
“As soon as you click on the button, all the departments are working, I would like to thank the MRB for providing this service,” he said.
/ 17:14/ 19:11-21.
He said that the Meghalaya government has started to explain or train the people on how to give advice to the Meghalaya government on how to mine coal in the state.
Noting that the number of cows dying from the disease is very low, Dr. Marak said that so far there are 29 cows suspected to have died from the disease across the state.
Nongstoin, Nailur 25: After the State Legislative Assembly passed the bill to ban the holding of two posts by one person, U Bah KP Pangniang MLA, MDC of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, has decided not to step down from the post of MDC and will soon submit his resignation letter as MDC to the Chairman of KHADC. The decision was taken after a meeting with the leaders and supporters of the party, which was held in Nongstoin, yesterday.
For a while they tried to fight with swords and spears to kill the rakot but they could not, so the Lyngngam and Garo did not dare to go to the fields for fear of the rakot.
At Sakara Referral Hospital, 8,450 items were received and 8,668 people were tested.
In what way was the kur created?2
these words of Jesus still speak to us today.
The program was enriched by a welcome song by the students of JNV Mawkyrwat and a cultural dance by the students of Mawkyrwat Presbyterian Secondary School.
Shillong, November 1: The Peace Festival will start tomorrow from 10:30 am to 4:30 pm at Madan Lyngktap in Mawphlang.
Furthermore, a water treatment plant and a sanitation facility implemented under the MGNREGS scheme were also inaugurated as part of the Water Conservation Day.
I have spoken to the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma on this and I hope to appoint a BDO soon,” said Bah Tynsong.
Before the team, led by new coach Biby Thomas, left for the tournament, it had trained in Goa and only 23 players were selected out of 30 players. was chosen at first.
Besides, the Lamphang also stressed the need to ensure safety and to follow the rules of construction and to build properly without compromising on safety.
“Of course, you can say that the KSU's donations are small but even if they are small, they have their value,” he said.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng, 15: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) New Nongstoiñ Unit today held a meeting with the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (NYC) New Nongstoin Unit today. Wilson Myrthong Division Executive Engineer, PWD Nongstoin Division, has met with Bah F. Sohlang, Executive Engineer of PWD Nongstoin Division, to remind him of the letter that the union has sent to the former Executive Engineer, for the purpose of They requested him to help us to inform the government to repair these damaged roads so that the people can escape from the problems.
The Kut Snem or Snem Ba Suit was founded in 1899 on the 23rd of November to preserve, protect and promote the Khasi culture.
Only teachers attending the meeting will get special leave, he said.
Speaking to media, Sangma said, “Next month on the 8th it will be three years since we were attacked. “We understand that we will not get our rights, because the seizure of our power has been done by the people of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma”.
“Any delay by any means may be in conflict with the orders issued by the Supreme Court and the High Court,” she said.
She said that the curfew imposed by the state government and even the central government has banned people from staying at home. also, it has taken action to arrest or detain those who leave the country or even public vehicles without the authority of the government.
“The BJP is not a party of any religion but of the people.
On this occasion, a Peace Rally was held which started from Ladweitang near the Indoor Stadium and marched slowly to New Nongstoiñ Square, where a short meeting was also held at this place.
The highest number of cases will be 383 cases with the highest number of cases being 9 cases in Mawlai, East Khasi Hills and 4 cases in Dalu, West Garo Hills.
On the other hand, the Khasi performed a traditional dance known as the Shad Shohkba and also the song Sier Lapalang.
“As a nation that knows God and as a state with many Christians, let us humble ourselves before God to ask for strength to fight against this evil brought about by this government,” he said.
The announcement will take effect immediately.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) has distributed the question papers for the English subject to be held tomorrow.
The shopkeepers said that although they have received permission from the Rapsang to set up shops in the area, the forest authorities through the District Forest Officer, East Khasi and Ri-Bhoi They have been evacuated from the area as it falls under Compartment No.1 of the Upper Shillong Protected Forest.
“The associations and athletes are very happy and want to start the games,” said John F Kharshiing, Working President of MSOA. “The participation of state associations has brought about the development of the sport.
They are strong because they have a foundation on which they stand and on which they trust.
Or to appoint a showkidar to clean the quarantine rooms, when you clean the quarantine rooms, you should clean them yourself, as the Symbud Myntri said, even if you are the son of the king, you have to clean them yourself. Feel free to enter your dormitory while you are in quarantine.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, President of the Pynursla Block Congress Committee, Bah Han Khongtani, said that no arrangement has been reached yet, but there will be another meeting on the 22nd of this month to take a decision. candidate.
But they knew that God would destroy them.
Dr. Mukul Sangma said that since the time of the Congress government led by him, the Meghalaya government has already sent a letter to the Assam government to verify the land in Langpih. However, the Assam government has not sent a statement on this issue.
When asked about the members who will join, Donbok said they include Circle office bearers, district office bearers and members as well as some members from the Central Body.
Shillong Civil Hospital is a hospital with many departments including Medicine, Surgery, Orthopedics, ENT, Ophthalmology, Cardiology, Dentistry, Psychiatry and Radiology and others.
Private buyers or market vendors are not allowed to buy goods from these markets.
On this occasion, the winners of the competition were awarded prizes by the Chief Guest of the Dolloi of Jowai District Puramon Kynjing and the President of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai Alan Niangti. not taken part by youngsters.
dui-ly-dui: the one who cannot speak of the slowness of the heaviest thing.
Jowai, Jymmang 26: The Presbyterian Church of Khimusnaing Jowai today paid tribute to Tymmen Basan SO Bamon who has completed 25 years of service to the Church. a healthy immune system.
'The great Jews and the great Pyrkhat, Here they speak differently.
They took a taxi and soon arrived at the stan.
The Meghalaya High Court has issued this order on July
The meeting decided that no new construction or project or tree planting will start until the joint inspection of Assam and Meghalaya.
The union believes that this is an act of violence and violence by the government against the protests of the SSA teachers according to the Constitution. was not paid.
Circumcision has two parts, the physical and the spiritual.
Other leaders including the President, Bah KP Pangniang, General Secretary, Bah Panbor Ryntathiang, District President, Bah PB Sylliang and other leaders, speaking on the occasion, sought the support of the The people of Umsning to support Bah Primson Makdoh and the reason is that they want to achieve the goal of the HSPDP party as led by Ma Ieid Hoping Lyngdoh, bakkwai ha Dwar u Blei.
“I also told him about the intention to have a New Shillong Township, where we plan to set up a new Administrative City and a new Secretariat. plans and designs when asking for his support to ensure the project moves forward.
It starts on the 6th and ends on the 8th.
In these temporary shelters, government officials have provided everything, including food and medical facilities.
The HYC, South West Khasi Hills has made it clear that the HYC together with the people will never allow the Government of India and UCIL to forcefully mine uranium in the State.
The Principal was very happy and applauded Bhalang for honoring and making the school famous.
At present, neither the State Government nor the Central Government have taken any measures to curb the conflict in Manipur and on the other hand it seems to be increasing. He said that the benefits from the ethnic and political violence played by those in power in Manipur.
The Battle of Afridis and Momand took place in 1930 near Peshwa, Pakistan.
Jowai, Jymmang 21: Former President of the BJP in West Jaintia Hills, JG Kyndiah, who is also a lawyer, has decided to resign from the party, according to a statement released by him on Saturday. your personal affairs.
Shillong: The city of Shillong in the past few days has experienced a heavy traffic jam which has put in great trouble to the passengers from Ri Bhoi, Jowai, Sohra and also from parts of West Khasi Hills which has reached the point where the people have to spend hours to get to their jobs.
Whether those people are still willing to talk to his team, after that meeting.
Mawkyrwat, July 23: The 17th Plenary Session of the Union of Catholic Women of Nongstoiñ Diocese has held a special service with the theme, “Blessed are those who believe in the Word of the Lord it shall be fulfilled indeed", which is also based on the New Testament through the Gospel of Luke chapter 1 verse
Even government officials have been involved in this illegal activity,” said the two parties.
Shillong, Lber 24: The Khasi Heritage Conservation Forum (KHCF) under the leadership of Bah Titos Chyne, Chairman of the Monolith Festival, has taken action against the allegations of corruption.
After the sudden death of Founderstrong Cajee , the Congress in Mawlai has not yet received a full President The answer received from him is that soon in the next few days he will hold a meeting to elect the full President of the Congress party in Mawlai.
We see that the various political parties in our state are like gardens to attract politicians.
I don't know why, but I'm sure it's because I don't trust the age of Satan anymore. I've seen around Shillong many young people who are 10 years old and twenty years old and men and women. The terrible sins of drunkenness and marriage in cars on the side of the forest roads that I've found around every time when I'm walking ...wow the world mobile sin now terrible shaba The powerful works of Satan among the young people around us are too terrible.
Speaking as the chief guest, Khliehriat MLA, Bah Kyrmen Shylla said that there are many good deeds done by the leaders in the past in the past 50 years. state, therefore, should respect their work and also to continue and continue the good work that they have done during their tenure as leaders, at the same time he urged the people to He also expressed his satisfaction with the achievement of the goal in relation to the maintenance of this border road.
Shillong, June 1: The villages of Nongtalang and Jarain in War Jantia district have strongly opposed the government's plan to hand over the Public Health Centers (PHCs) and Community Health Centers (CHCs) to NGOs. to run the government.
Banshanlang, Vice President of the Meghalaya Cycling Association, said that the MTB-XCO is one of the best cycling competitions that the club will hold.
The last rites of the soldier will be held on the 18th of this month at his village in Sudulpur, Rajasthan.
Not only that, he doesn't want to include in the songbook our mountains or holy places because he believes that they are the abode of demons and at that time, our fellow countrymen or fellow human beings. Our brothers and sisters who love their own country and who maintain the sacred forests and sacred places are considered as demon believers.
So far, I have participated only once in an international event and this is the Commonwealth Championships.
When inquired, they said that not only inside the market but also in the middle of Motphran is no longer safe. They expressed their fear because they have seen that this incident has increased with the passing of the days. requested the law enforcement agencies to provide adequate security in this area, especially in the evening which is the peak time of drug trafficking and consumption.
Praising Pankaj Tripathi, actor and leader of the ECI for his involvement with the ECI to bring awareness among the voters, CEC Rajiv Kumar announced that Pankaj Tripathi will be the leader of the ECI. the Election Commission across the country in remembrance of his hard work for the cause and the appeal of the people across the country.
Unfortunately for the country, it is not right to tell everything about your own affairs.
Although it is not clear who will be elected as DGP, sources said that SB Singh, DG (Home Guards) may be elected as DGP. the state.
These days, not only the children who are more vulnerable can touch and use these devices especially mobile phones and computers but even those street children are more likely to play in cyber cafes. and spend time and money to play because it's fun, but this is just a job because they can't learn anything to benefit them except from the children of men. The rich have all the necessities and the children nowadays are able to use mobile phones, tablets, computers and others.
According to him, their names will be received within ten days.
He was also awarded the Best U-15 Goalkeeper title at the 2018 State Open.
The anti-rabi injection campaign was organized by the District Joint Steering Committee on Rabies Elimination of East Khasi Hills including the District authorities, Health Department, Veterinary Department and Shillong Municipal Board. , NGOs and Dorbar Shnongs and others.
The application deadline is from 5th to 22nd January 2015 from 2 pm to 5 pm.
The tournament was opened by Adele Jyrwa, the youngest daughter of Grosswell Mylliemngap in the presence of the Sordar of Mawryngkneng Dorbar Shnong Peter J Lawai, Rangbah Dong, MCSC leaders. The tournament was opened by the Sordar of Mawryngkneng Village, Bah Peter J Lawai who said that the development of Mawryngkneng Village has been achieved thanks to the efforts of this Rangbah from the Block Office, PHC, office. Verification and schools in Mawryngkneng.
The Block Development Officer, Mawkynrew C&D Block will ensure that the residents comply with the order and those who violate the order will be punished according to the rules. The JPC Market Management Committee has decided to close the Iaw Chyiap Market, Jowai on the 7th of this month.
The union also said that these foreigners who have trading licenses have not complied with Rule 9 of the Trading by Non-Tribal Rules, Those who have a license should post it in their shops to know whether they have a Trading Licence.
The shortage of books in the market, the urgency of the Government to introduce new books has caused a lot of trouble for many.
The Momati ceremony was attended by two organizers of the protest, Bah Richard Syiemiong and Dr. Moses Kharbithai in the presence of Fr. Gabriel Kharluni and other prominent leaders of the church.
Jowai, Lber 27: U Minister of State for Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh on Saturday inaugurated the 50th Anniversary of West Jaintia Hills District. The World Cup was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai.
The Chief Minister said that the CM so far through the State Disaster Relief Fund (SDRF) has allocated Rs 33 crore for the fight against Cyclone Amphan in the state and also against the corona virus. '.
“We have not banned Panaliar from holding the festival but unfortunately they have not asked permission from the village,” said Skhemki Dhar Waheh Shnong Chyrmang Neiñ.
A case has been registered against Marak at Williamnagar Police station.
" And they went away.
They also prohibited the public from throwing plastic bags in public places and on the streets and if anyone is found violating, they will be brought to justice, said a statement from the Pynbhalang Mylliem Publicity Secretary.
At the same time, Shillong received 0.8mm of rainfall from 8am to 8am this morning, while Umiam received no rainfall.
He also acknowledged that the central government has approved to allocate funds for the Jal Jeevan Mission and others such as the preservation of forests and water wells but the donation has not yet reached them. Nokma and village committees.
The opening ceremony was also attended by S Langstieh Engineer, Urban Affairs Department, Rayonald Kharkamni, Secretary, Nongpoh Town Committee, Clement Lyngdoh, Finance Secretary, Vicky Syngkli, Rangbah Shnong of Iewmawlong. , Bah R Warjri Rangbah Mawdiangum and others.
I couldn't hold my breath and I couldn't continue the struggle in the second round.
In the city, people live by selling shops in the market every day and in the village shops as well.
He said the issue was also discussed at the Joint Intelligence Committee meeting and measures will be taken to curb this threat.
The report also states that all this immoral and illegal activity was done on the orders and supervision of Army Chief Brig.
In the rural areas, many children like to go hunting birds in the forest and this happens because they don't have the ability to understand how precious these living creatures are.
Travel from one district to another is also prohibited.
On the other hand, the union demanded that the district authorities should take action to inspect the shops that sell overpriced food items, especially the shops that sell food items. He said that even the mawser or stones to be thrown into the pylla should have a registration or seal from the relevant department and also the shops. They must have cash memos containing the correct trading license number, shop name and so on to prevent illegal sales or overpriced sales. clear display boards showing prices.
He said that the unrest in Langpih area has increased during the time when Tarun Gogoi of the Congress was the Chief Minister of Assam and Dr. Mukul Sangma was the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
The meeting also elected the members of the Executive Committee and other office bearers.
The plan is to operate unmanned aerial vehicles that will patrol Syrian airspace as well as troops on the ground.
Various activities such as a song contest and others were also held to mark the 25th Anniversary of the Presbytery Youth Church.
On the other hand, u Vincent H Pala, said that in this age, the youth have a heavy responsibility to improve the society, but he expressed his concern about the spread of drugs. in Jaintia Hills.
I am also ready to help you if there is anything I can help you with, what I can do and what I can't do.
The District Magistrate's decision came after there were rumors that there was illegal mining and transportation of coal even after the Supreme Court and NGT banned the mining of coal in the state.
Ram is currently in the US to attend the Oscars Awards where the song from the film RRR has been nominated for Best Original Song.
“We strongly condemn the central government for misleading the people in the name of development,” said Bah Shemphang Nonglang, President KSU Umdohlun Circle in a statement.
Investigation is ongoing and a case has been registered under NDPS Act.
The krai has a slightly lower fat content than other types of jhin.
The signing ceremony was held in the presence of the Medical Superintendent, Director Prof (Dr.) DM Thappa and Deputy Director, NEIGRIHMS. NEIGHRIMS has agreed to continue implementing the project so that there will be no problems for the patients at the hospital.
Therefore, the abbreviation of part of the text of the draft law included in the general list for inclusion in the special draft codification.
He said that the issue will be brought and discussed before Amit Shah, Minister of Home Affairs, who will visit Shillong on 23rd July 2021, so that it can be discussed. There will be those who live within the border, who from time to time face problems or persecution in other states.
Pynursla Police Station has taken possession of the bodies and handed them over to the family members after the postmortem at the Civil Hospital.
“I am ready to support the state government if it can show the documents that the Council has already approved to implement the MUDA laws outside the Municipal,” said Bah Latiplang.
“We are pleased and grateful for your honor,” the message said.
The ANVC (B) said that if Bah Adelbert speaks without any purpose, he should apologize for this and should be more polite in speaking on such issues.
What is needed is to pray to recognize such a time so that we cannot prepare our lives. Sadly, the Word of God says – That the wicked shall do evil, that none of the wicked shall understand; but the wise understand Daniel 12:1
Shillong, Nailur 25: Two youths from Mawlai who work at Banalari World Cars and are also members of the KSU have allegedly been assaulted by a policeman at 7 pm this morning. the Officer Incharge Traffic Branch of Lum Diengjri Police Station.
God chose this path to send His Son into this world in poverty and humility.
Jefferson Kharmawphlang scored the first goal in the 18th minute and Medonborlang Mawrie scored the second goal in the 20th minute. Kitboklang Mawrie scored the third goal in the 24th minute, Wanlamkupar Kharsahnoh scored the fourth goal in the 37th minute and the fourth goal in the 53rd minute.
The incident happened on the 13th of this month, at Umshohthad near Maskut, when a group of unidentified persons allegedly attacked and injured the Waheh Shnong of Maskut, Kyrsiew Kharbithai and the Secretary of the Maskut. skim the bill with Jairous Dance.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 14: In order to promote football in the district, the New Nongstoiñ Sport Social & Cultural Club today launched a football tournament at the club ground. Macmilan Kharbani, President of the All India Trinamool Congress, Nongstoiñ Mandal.
The stone is still located at Mawiambei village, which falls under the Raid Iapngar, Khyrim Syiemship, Ri-Bhoi District, which is about 6 kilometers away from Liarbang, which is in front of Bhoirymbong. .
Have you ever been afraid to marry a Khasi man? Think about it: in the life of all the nations around us, who is more powerful – the man or the woman? This Khasi people, which we call “unique”, is a small island among the powerful people of Shynrang.
In Scotland, 74 people have died in the past 24 hours, 19 in Wales and three in Northern Ireland.
Regarding the transfer of the villages under Mawthadraishan Block to Nongstoiñ, he said that if the UDP candidate from Nongstoiñ wins, there is no problem to transfer these villages to Mawthadraishan Block and not to create another Block. The Block spirit is not available.
She said the government is aware that the demand to suspend the implementation of the Roster System could lead to ethnic discrimination in the state and urged the people to trust the government to take the best measures.
Of these 83 cases, 68 cases are from East Khasi Hills including 9 cases from Armed Forces and 59 cases from civilians. .
If they do by force, we will also use force and it will happen again as happened in 2017 which led to the North East Frontier Railway to immediately stop the construction of the Railway Station at Ronghona, Byrnihat.
In the meeting between the KSU East Jaintia Hills and the ADC, Bah Jonathan Shylla, the meeting did not reach anywhere, although the district authorities requested to remove the locks. However, the members of the union insisted that the NHAI should first show the signs to repair the road.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of State, Dr.M Ampareen Lyngdoh said that this day is celebrated because we have achieved various goals in life.
Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, MLA Mairang was the chief guest and Bah Gavin M Mylliem, MLA Sohra was the chief guest in the presence of members of the managing committee, teachers and students. this day.
The union said that Sunday is considered a holy day in Meghalaya according to the Christian faith which many of the residents of the state follow.
They composed songs that carry thoughts and dance to appeal to the eyes of the audience.
Meghalaya has witnessed a mass movement joined by the New Villages to do something at various levels to restore the beauty and cleanliness of our State”.
However, when it comes to Meghalaya, and other states in the North East, they are only farmers.
She said that the claim that there is Corona virus is just a lie, because there is no such thing and if you want to die you have to die.
It is learned that today, the District Administration of Ri Bhoi, including the Magistrate, Police and others, who took the Puh Shilum, left for the place at Lad Umroi and They have destroyed these shops, which were illegally built on the land of MeECL without the permission of the MeECL department. The MeECL department has lodged a complaint with the District Authorities of Ri Bhoi District regarding the illegal construction of shops in the MeECL area. don't have Lad Umroi.
After a while she fell asleep again and wanted to sleep again but she didn't sleep anymore.
In the Under-16 Boys' Singles, Corban D Khonglah won the title by defeating Kermi William Lywait 11-5, 9-11, 9-11, 11-6, 11-8
Speaking to media, the CEM said that this inspection is in preparation for the implementation of the Solid Waste Management Act, 2020 which is expected to be completed as soon as possible.
HFU leaders from South West who attended the meeting included Bah Maiantis Lynglyngkhoi, Rymphai Kharkongor, Ferdinand Lyngkhoi and others.
On July 25, when the committee visited the school, it found that the garbage dump is not adequate and therefore, it ordered to build it immediately. The school will be closed until the construction of the school is completed.
, according to the report.
Taliban militants have seized $12.4 million in cash and gold from the residence of former Afghan Vice President Amrullah Saleh.
As a wrestler, Ringchi has just started to focus on this sport after joining the Wrestling Association of WGHD which has only 23 wrestlers. ten months ago.
Last night, clashes between Israeli troops and Hamas militants took place in about 22 locations in Israel.
The Seng as a whole shows and expresses to the Bengalis, to remember that here in Ri Khasi Jaintia, foreigners will not be allowed to invade the territory of Meghalaya and will not be allowed. E Buam, Publicity Secretary, CEC, Meghalaya, said in a statement, “You should have arrested him as that person who insulted the Bengalis. Think carefully and don't worry.
Dorothy Roy Tariang, from Jowai, Jaintia Hills, has received the Gold Medal for being the topper in the MBA program of Assam Don Bosco University. The Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA) is 9.29 out of
"The video of this song will be uploaded on the Youtube channel of SCC on Saturday, 9th November at 2 pm.
“There is not a single law that is in favor of the farmers.
Neighbours, relatives near and far of the family who suffered this tragic incident, came to condole with them.
Before the arrival of the rainy season, the State Government had already prepared the necessary measures to prevent the occurrence of damage by allocating a grant of T.20 crore to all the Deputy Commissioners. to be able to assist the refugees affected by any disaster such as floods, earthquakes and others.
He said that the same project has already been tried in Ialong area, so it is necessary to get the NOC through this public hearing from the land owners with the testimony of the village leaders to proceed. This is for the preparation of the DPR to the Central Government.
Disney has reportedly mourned the loss of Hugh, who made his debut in the company's film in 2000 and received praise from many.
This musician, singer and songwriter is Ma Byeming Bareh.
And if any man shall take away from the words of the prophecy of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book. and from the things which are written in this book.
The rich and the poor are suffering, the youth are becoming victims of the reservation policy, the villagers are suffering in all aspects.
Confirming this, the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma, said that the government has no intention of extending the current DGP but will appoint another one to take over before appointing a full-time DGP.
“Kong, it is better for me to sleep.
In a statement posted on social media, Ka Sur ka Bri u Hynniewtrep said, “The group requests that from 13th-15th August, 2013, the Indian flag should be raised at the Har Ghar Tiranga. house, as notified by the Government.
Several people, including women, were injured when Assam police opened fire on them while they were gathering at Chandamari on Sunday evening. They violated Section 144 CrPC, which has been imposed in four Police Districts in Guwahati, which has been imposed since today.
This came after Doloi Sariang wrote to the Chief Forest Officer of Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) on 30th November, 2013 that the registration of you went to the forest in Maitdein because you were wrong.
He said that the smuggling of coal has cost the state thousands of crores.
On the other hand, the BSF said that the purpose of this program is to raise awareness among the youth of the border area so that they can understand how they can stand on their own feet by completing training in the fields of their choice. There is a skill and a dress that those who do not like to work.
The 0.978 kilometer road was inaugurated by the MLA of the area and Minister of C&RD, Bah Hamlet Dohling in the presence of the village leaders and the public. residents.
Conrad said the state government will discuss with the Assam government that such buildings should not be erected on the border of Meghalaya so that there will be no more clashes among the residents. of all the four states in the border areas.
Manstudy Nongrem MDC from Langrin constituency said that the CEM's promise is a misleading statement to the people of West and South West constituencies. PWD, it's the census of the West,” he said.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhyaya, said that after receiving information about the incident, he has sent a team of magistrates to conduct an immediate investigation. Through the pictures and videos, it has been very interesting to see about the water that the children have to drink which can really affect the health and endanger the students and he is still waiting for the report from the PHE department. , Food Inspector after visiting the school, and regarding the needs of toilets, washrooms and others, the JNV authorities should take immediate action to ensure that the children Accommodation, food and drink and a clean environment where he will go as DC of Ri-Bhoi.
Ma Jop Laloo, General Secretary of Umshangiar Village, said that Tis Lyngdoh was staying in the house and due to the insecurity, they were given accommodation in the village house and their belongings were confiscated.
During the meeting, the DC promised to talk to the DC of Kamrup to take action.
The Holy Father invites us to pray with him the Our Father in Heaven at 4.30 pm.
Speaking on “The History of Sngap Sing Syiem” written by Dr. Belinda Marweiñ, Assistant Professor, Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat, she said that this book will be one of the parts of the book. give information to future generations about the journey of the great King of the Maharam Hima, Sngap Singh Syiemlieh.
The MLA of Mowkaiaw Constituency, Ma Nujorki Sungoh, in the past few days, has been able to deliver foodgrains to 51 villages in his constituency.
In another development, Sainkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary of the HNLC, wrote on his Facebook page that Bah Khonglah is a surrendered member of the HNLC, which means that the police have come to an understanding, or in other words, they have arrested their own man.
However, as the syllabus and ordinance have not been completed, the meeting was adjourned.
After investigation, the two arrested persons were brought before the court, the report said.
Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven.
It is to be recalled that the KJP Girls Higher Secondary School, which has been standing for 131 years, was destroyed by a terrible fire on the morning of Sunday, 21st June There was no tragic incident, except for the loss of documents, office and others.
Participants said that they have received various schemes of the Government of India including PMAY-G, PM Kissan, PMUY, MGNREGA and other schemes related to health.
Ombli Suting said that he has an Epic, Land Holding, Suloi License from Ratacherra Village while he has not received the Syrnod from Desos Pohshna, Wahehshnong.
He who went to market after tea first bought rice, sugar, meat and vegetables; and finally he went and bought some bread.
He said that some tourists often sit on the top of the Rynji Valley and this poses a threat to the lives of tourists in these places.
Furthermore, he promised to refund to all those who have applied for gas from him the money they spent at the time of application.
I was surprised and couldn't speak and in my heart I said that there is a need for intellectuals to find out why they drink dead without reason.
He also congratulated and praised the organizers who have taken the initiative and worked hard to make this tournament a success.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 18: Many villages in the border areas have to walk to and from the area due to the lack of roads.
It is necessary for the State to have visionary leaders who can come up with strategies to create opportunities for the youth especially in this era of unemployment and many unemployed. problems and challenges for young people.
Trump, a Republican, has strong support from the US Evangelical Movement.
On the other hand, Sampath Kumar, CEO of the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority and Convenor of the State Climate Action Council, said: “Meghalaya has the approval of the government and the people to put in place a climate-friendly economic opportunity.
At the end of the meeting, the Congress party arrived and was accompanied by Dy CM Rowell Lyngdoh, DCA Minister HDR Lyngdoh and supporters of the party.
This will also be the first university in the state for Meghalaya.
The meeting was held at Patharkhmah village where participants from all over the villages of Jirang Block came to select or evaluate those with disabilities so that they can get recognition. by the Government for the purpose of receiving such facilities as allocated by the Government.
The High Court has dismissed the case on 22nd October,
To avoid corruption in the country and the nation and in every field, there must be a truly holy leader, who wants to eradicate the distribution of money to the electorate ( voters) as in the election period.
I believe this federal initiative will help connect our people with other communities located across the country.
“I appeal to the teachers of Adhoc schools to understand what the State Government is doing,” he added.
The club under the leadership of Bah Bobby L Nongbet has recently played in the Durand Cup, the oldest league in India and through this experience it has benefited the club from to prepare for various tournaments this year.
However, last month, the IOC changed that by ordering that athletes from the two countries will be allowed to return to sport in various tournaments as candidates. fight those who did not fall on either side of the two countries.
“The raid was conducted after warning letters were sent by the Special Court,” they said.
The Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) has urged the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District to implement social distancing in public places. The district authorities have asked the district authorities to allow the opening of more shops in Ladrymbai for the convenience of the public and to speed up the purchasing process.
“It is time for all the 60 leaders under the leadership of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, to take responsibility to resolve the issue of the farmers in the state who have at least 19,000 people,” said Pariat. They also urged other Christian leaders to give their full support to this demand.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said this is not just a building but a symbol of the aspirations and aspirations of 140 crore people of the country.
Politics produces various kinds of protests in the country and the nation.
“We hope that those in positions of position and power will speak out against those people and groups who discriminate against Christians and people who exercise their right to vote. own faith and religion.
On this evening, the final matches that could be held were three.
Ram and Bharat once again scored 4/41 and 2/30 respectively.
In the men's category, Nongtyngur FC lost to Mawshun Football Club 1-0 and in the women's category, Nongmadan Sports & Cultural Club won the title. Mawlam Women's Social Welfare and Sport Organization won 2-0
O ancestors, the spirit of patriotism, you have shown the way, To the goal of victory you have been blocked.
As is known, China regards Taiwan as its own territory and acknowledges that Taiwan is still within its borders. around Taiwan since Sunday last week and has ended in the past few days.
“The BJP is considered as the opposition party to the NPP in Garo Hills and they take full responsibility for all the development projects funded by the BJP government in Delhi,” Marak said.
The next day, on Sunday, Dr. Mansukh L. Mandaviya visited Ri Bhoi District, which has been recognized as an Aspirational District.
Shillong, July 14: MPCC President DD Lapang and Working President Deborah Marak today met with AICC Secretary in charge of Meghalaya CP Joshi in Delhi. they discussed political issues in the state.
It was also agreed to have a Coordination Committee, which will arrange and advise on any matters which have not reached an agreement, if any, and send them to it.
Meanwhile, Dr. (Ms) BH Buam, President, expressed her regret that Shillong has lost its prestige as a prominent educational institution in the region due to the lack of government colleges and vocational schools. thousands of young people were marched out.
The total number of cases has risen to 82,201 and 25,261 are undergoing treatment.
Her passing away will be a great loss to the Sports Association and other sports discipline associations.
We should also not be surprised and ignorant only in an unbalanced mind.
The report is on the monitoring of the implementation of the PMJAY scheme from November 2018 to October 2021, where it was found that those who registered have the same number, or the numbers that just lie.
Furthermore, the media reported that the start of the meeting may be on the day of the session of the Legislative Assembly of the State which will start soon. The opposition groups may urge the opposition to move a No-Confidence Motion (NC) against the Prime Minister.
The Laitkor goalkeeper, who also helped the team to win the second place in the SSA Womens League 2023, will leave the state today to take part in the Bhaichung tournament.
He said it is certain that the Congress will come to power in the KHADC and will lead the Executive Committee.
The winners will receive cash prizes along with certificates.
During the long discussion, the Pastor expressed many of the issues that he still has in mind to fight and that he is still fighting.
The ban on heavy vehicles to pass through the bridge came after a complaint was received that the bridge is currently in a state of collapse and can no longer withstand the weight especially of heavy vehicles.
Pynshngaiñ said that at this time, the MDC should be elected by a person who can contribute to the Council and who has no intention of contesting the election. Gabriel Wahlang has also resigned from the party because he wants to contest the elections.
“I was shocked and not only as an MLA I was ashamed that our beloved village has been defamed and I don't want to be defamed because it affects the village.
In contrast to this stands the story of Babel (Genesis 11:1-9) and Babel is not just a story, but another idea or statement against the rule of the mighty kingdoms. ancient as Babylon and Assyria.
BJP and Congress leaders including Modi, Amit Shah and other BJP leaders have campaigned for the election, while Rahul Gandhi, Priyanka Gandhi and Mallikarjun Kharge have spent time in the state.
This is the book of the psalms of David.
Ms Isawanda congratulated all the schools who came to take part in this tournament, which was held again after two years of the outbreak of Covid
In the first match, Sikkim played against The Girls of Gangyap and in the second match, Sikkim played well and scored 45-2
He said that in terms of kynbat, he has to hire about 18 people because some of them he does not have in his farm.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 29: The office of the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan, through the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports of the Government of India, has organized a campaign to encourage the hard work of the youth. The awards were distributed to the youth of West Khasi Hills District, including those from various clubs of the district who have participated in various activities in the community.
Sources from Mawshynrut said that if Bah Methodius Dkhar from the HSPDP joins the NPP government, why doesn't he say he will vote for Bah Gigur Myrthong? Why should we torture and mislead the people, who elected him instead of Bah Gigur?
After looking for ways and means to get a hall for the purpose of conducting training, many Durbar halls and private halls have refused to accept Gymnastics due to the lack of equipment. used in addition to having to pay low rent.
We know that the creation of the RPDB is just a waste of public money,” said HYC General Secretary Roykupar Synrem.
Two persons from Mizoram have been arrested by the West Bengal Police along with precious gold coins. more than Rs.8 crore.
The MLAs of these non-NPP and BJP political parties have held a meeting with other civil society groups, such as the HYC and private sector and have sent a statement to hold a meeting to discuss the issue.
The KSU has asked the government, “What is the government doing about those places where foreigners are illegally staying in Them Metor, Polo Sawfurlong and so on”.
Shillong: The Border Security Force (BGP) has strengthened its patrols after arresting several illegal cattle traders across the border areas of the state. Mobile Check Post (MCP) duty on National Highway-62 near Jatrakona Bridge, on 20th June 2019, when they saw a vehicle coming from Dimapara and intending to go to the border area. The troops turned to the vehicle and found 17 cows in the vehicle and arrested four persons in the incident.
The union also found that these Khasi-Pnar villages are under pressure from the Assam authorities to destroy the ancestral dates such as the order to name the Rangbah Shnong 'Bor Bura', Ram Bura. Rangbah Dong, and especially the loss of proper governance under the jurisdiction of the Dolloi (such as the name of the Labang-Nangphyllut Elaka) and others.
Find out if the trucks plying the road have proper permits.
Josh, who is also a Test batsman, has been able to play only four Test matches since November 2021 due to illness.
“It is for this reason that they don't come out at all and I wonder why the relevant department doesn't take action on this issue,” he said.
The funeral service will begin on the afternoon of 18th March, 2023 at Lumshyiap, Golflink, Shillong and the body of the President will be brought to the church in Mawkhar, Shillong. , before being taken to the headquarters of the Seng Khasi Kmie in Jaïaw.
The government's disregard for the Supreme Court's announcement shows that there may be something behind it, otherwise how can it remain silent and do nothing to the rnga vehicles? walk in the streets every day.
The Army is ready to provide assistance and relief supplies in case of floods and other incidents in these areas.
Treimi Shylla scored two goals in the 3rd and 33rd minutes, while Pynshngaiñ Shylla in the 47th and Lakhon Dkhar in the 65th minute.
He said that our nature as a nation that is quick to heat and cold quickly means that we don't get to harvest any of the fruits that we want to get.
This behavior of the rulers, people in government, MLAs, government ministers, has slowed down the development in the state, and it is clear that they think only of the supporters of their constituency and not of the people. state and country.
What is needed is that the government or the relevant authorities should encourage the talented people, who innovate for the benefit of the society.
The President of the Khasi Authors' Society (KAS), Dr. DRL Nonglait, said that the Khasi Authors' Society (KAS) will personally investigate the decision passed by the Legislative Assembly to urge the Central Government to include the the Khasi Language in Article 8 of the Constitution.
Meanwhile, Australia and India have now been fined for their fight for maintaining the Slow Over-Rate (SOR) during the tournament. in the final of the World Test Championships.
The Cabinet of Ministers in Himachal Pradesh in its second meeting today decided that the children who have been recognized as children of the state will be taken over by the state government. which will renew the inactive shelter schemes, orphanages and shelters for the elderly and homeless under the Mukhya Mantri Sukh-Ashray Yojana.
Shillong, Nailur 06 : The BJP spokesperson and former Mawsynram MLA Bah Himalaya Shangpliang has decided to leave the BJP on Tuesday. send your resignation letter to the President of the State BJP, Meghalaya.
He said that not only the BJP party, but all political parties have the right to find out the truth if they find misuse, but they should be truthful and cannot be accused without grounds. , if there is any defect they should indicate the defect.
In addition, the residents of these villages who have spent their time, energy and strength were also informed that under the leadership of the Dorbar Shnongs, some villages have collected donations from the Shnong to help the necessary, in order to restore peace and order.
“You have seen the seizure of smoke generators and so on.
Most of the residents in the rural areas benefit more and see the light until the establishment of religious groups who work hard to look after the welfare of the people whether it is in health. in the field of health, in the field of education or in the establishment of training programs in agriculture or in any other field.
He has always cooperated with the investigation and will continue to do so," Yobin said.
There are other working groups which take up various activities such as agriculture, wetland cultivation, soybean cultivation and planting of medicinal plants, which fall under the same category.
In their love and especially with their desire to strengthen the Party, many have created various WhatsApp Groups.
According to the Bible, the name Canaan was named after Noah's grandson Canaan.
Retired employees can no longer remain employees of the agency.
Tbn Kor Sutnga has four children and said that with this income he can send his children to school and also to provide for the needs of the household. He is a very hard working person and doesn't waste his time. His busy schedule in this business is because many people come to buy shana from him, especially on market days. Umkiang u Bah Kor can no longer work alone and his children used to come to help his father in this business.
Even after the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that they will take a decision on the complaints against some of the students who have been selected for MBBS from the state. The quota has been announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who is currently outside the state.
The KHADC shall notify the company that it shall not submit the necessary documents.
Here in our country there are many who have received aadhaar and there are still many who have not received it.
She also encouraged the youth, elderly women and parents to come forward to take the test to know their identity and the test is free of charge by the government.
If the disease continues for many years, we will not see the meetings again.
Anju has been awarded the World Athletics Awards as one of the Women of the Year
The price of rice under AAY will be 35 kilos per card and rice under PHH will be distributed at 5 kilos per capita free of charge.
Lebanon is ranked 99th in the world and Bangladesh is ranked
The influx of foreigners can affect the culture and identity of us Khasi and many other countries in the world are also surprised by this influx of foreigners.
Bah Hek replied that on his part, he agrees with the statement of the MLA of Mylliem.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the allegation by the Congress party that the government cannot control the incident should not come out at this time because it is time to stop. political struggle for the life and death of the people.
It was found that the agricultural products that reach the market are very low and mostly only rice and tyrpad leaves are sold abroad.
He said that the map available to MeECL is the map at the time of preparation for the construction of the Umiam Dam and demanded that they should show the facts that they have paid land fees to the people.
The Byrnihat Circle leaders who have been renewed as the new leaders of the party include Alex Kharkrang as President, Maitlynti Klein as General Secretary and others.
“He said that as young players they have the right to play well for the State and the federation as a whole.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest said that football is one of the sports that will keep the body healthy.
However, he asked for the approval of the House to pass it today as the MDCs wanted by raising their hands and all the MDCs raised their hands as a sign of approval.
This ritual is performed by the sankur khadwei kur of the Raid Mylliem which has been performed by the ñi u kong since ancient times and this ritual goes through two parts which will continue in month of April, for the trade and commerce in Ïewduh.
The obstacles to the completion of the PHASE-IIIl project are lack of funds, interference from other government departments, delay in issuing permission from the Forest Department, delay in issuing permission from the Army and the Cantonment Board. .
Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh President HYC WKHD said that they have already lodged a complaint with the DC of WKHD and demanded the closure of these illegal factories.
The winners from each block will have the opportunity to compete at the District level and the competition will conclude at the National level after the District, State and Zonal levels.
“The Deputy High Commission in Guwahati will have to look after Assam, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Manipur, Nagaland and Arunachal Pradesh,” he said.
Those two beasts, by the power they have received from Satan, will destroy those who believe in God by destroying the faith and worship of God.
The leaders of this group were confirmed by Rikman Momin.
The government has allocated T.22.83 crore for the construction of the meat processing plant. The Minister of Animal Husbandry said that the state government has set a deadline of October 2014 to complete the meat processing plant at Mawlai.
Sanbor said that before opening this children's playground at Madan Laban, he had already opened another children's playground at Lumparing.
However, not only that, taxi drivers from Sohra should be ready to be respectful, polite, knowledgeable and able to teach and advise for the safety of their people. They don't want to be involved, because if they are good, they will be honored by the people of Sohra and if they are bad, they will be punished themselves.
Name — Carmel Fedrick MalngiangJaka valid — Wahkaliar, Sohra, East Khasi Hills District, Meghalaya, 793108Contact :-
Such people did not just appear, but the people elected them to be their leaders.
On the 5th of November, four children from Lawsohtun village, allegedly fell ill after eating yummy and were taken to hospital.
If the leaders have a spirit of jealousy of each other, how can we expect to unite the nation?
Shillong, November 27: The Meghalaya People's United Front (MPP) will hold a march on the 30th of this month from Lad Kiang Nangbah College to MTC Transport, Jowai to commemorate the birth anniversary of Woh Kiang Nangbah. The march will start at 4:30 pm and will be called Jaintia Awakening Day.
In a complaint to the Governor, the Laitkroh MDC urged him not to accept or approve the Bill which has been passed without following the rules but has been done quickly.
It is not the victory of any party or political party but the victory of the state and the nation as a whole.
Speaking to media, HYC General Secretary Bah Roykupar Synrem said that according to the Proceedings of the House on 11th October 2021, the Minister of Electricity James Sangma told the House On 17th October 2022, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Electricity Department told the Members of the House that the price of a single phase smart meter is 3,4 3,750 tyngka and the Three Phase 5120 tyngka excluding GST. For the installation of 1,80,000 units in the state.
The demand to make Tura in West Garo Hills the winter capital of Meghalaya has been going on for a long time.
She was accompanied by Union Minister Sarbananda Sonowal and others.
The donation was led by Samla Ialambha Makri, President of the Choir, along with other members of the Choir.
"But no one has ever done that," he said.
Speaking to reporters after resigning, Ardent said he had no intention of resigning from the post of MDC for a long time, because he understood that the job was too heavy. “I have no intention of resigning and I am thinking of resigning next month but the passage of the Government Act is a coincidence,” he said.
Shillong, March 26: The Sohra District Demand Forum (SDDF) today met with the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma to remind the government on the demand to upgrade the Sohra Civil Sub Division to a civil sub division. District.
He said that the entry of politicians may be later when the elections are considered.
Tusk, who is also a former President of the European Council, has one wish for Poland and this is to get closer to EU member states and also to support Ukraine.
U Bah Charlie Rani was injured by a group of unidentified robbers of about 30 to 40 unidentified robbers at his residence in Pata, Mawlai Mawdatbaki on the 15th of this month at 10:30 pm. .
xxvi) The Workshops program is a program that opens up opportunities for exchange of ideas and translation from one language to another.
According to Bah Bindo, Bah Lapang said that as a man who has served for a long time in the state, he should be honored for his contribution to the society.
However, there are still those who want to ask for evidence just to prevent the illegal mining and trade of coal.
He said that the state government should inform the people in writing about the measures taken by the NGT to lift the ban on coal mining. Shillong, March 26: U AICC Meghalaya chief V Narayanasamy has said that the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has tried to infiltrate the North East by using tricks with the indigenous parties.
“Our owners have given us food allowance, but after we were arrested, even the owners have been threatened and don't want to visit us anymore and now we have to be threatened.
:The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated the North East Fruit Wine Incubation Center at the IHM Shillong.
According to Garampani Police, on the night of the 8th of this month at about 10 pm, the Rangbah Shnong of Garampani, Phulbi Passah, informed the police that there had been a fight. When the police together with the VDPs of the village arrived at the house and entered the house, they found the body of a man named Paitlang. Suchiang who slept lyngktar in the bedroom.
Today, the union has found a house where drug addicts and traffickers used to stay,” said Comingstar Kharsyntiew General Secretary of the union.
According to the videos, which were seen through the press/social media/Youtube, it was seen that the crowd was sympathized, shocked and shocked like animals.
BSNL's loss is estimated at Rs 14,000 crore, while its revenue fell to Rs 19,308 crore in 2018-1
The inspection was conducted after the KSU lodged a complaint with the Divisional Forest Officer (DFO) of East Khasi Hills against the illegal residents of Mahadev Khola.
“The time has come to change the Government for the benefit of the Garo people and Meghalaya as a whole,” he added.
Foods you need to avoid while you have type 2 diabetes :Sweetened beverages : These beverages including soft drinks, energy drinks, pre-prepared juices are among the worst among those with this condition.
When asked whether the meeting to be held on the 15th of this month, KHNAM has invited the two sides, the UDP and HSPDP, to discuss the issues if they reach an agreement, he said. “The meeting will continue as I have announced,” said Ardent.
The chief guest of the tournament was Bah James H Mawphniang, KSU Central Body Executive Member, who congratulated and urged all the players to be careful and choose the best.
Speaking at the 117th Anniversary of the Seng Khasi Mawlai, Dipshon L Nongbri, said, “Those who are on the foundation are foreigners who still love the nation. , to return to your nature, so that you may know your nature because the kharlieh khariong are like siew beh siew shang who intend to destroy the foundation of the nation"
Shillong, Nailur 3 : The Central Government will soon open a Tribal Museum in Meghalaya to showcase the traditional lifestyles of the indigenous people of Meghalaya from dance, mastieh, song and agriculture. riang, the way of life and so on.
In Jaintia Hills we have many intellectuals, scholars and intellectuals and if these scholars of Jaintia Hills try to gather information about this Hima of Syiem Sutnga, it is still easy to write a history about this Hima. Hima, which the ancestors of this Hima bought with their precious blood for the sake of posterity.
Shillong, Nailar 23: A student of Class KG at Laitumkhrah Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Shillong has escaped from the hands of foreign authorities who went to the Principal of the school to seek permission from the Principal of the school. release him by lying that the mother of this child is in trouble.
Out of the 21 vehicles, 16 vehicles were small vehicles while 5 vehicles were trucks. Barik bad to the Civil Hospital.
This is also the case, even on the issues of the people such as the eviction of the Harijans from Iewmawlong, the dispute over the border with Assam, the dispute over the Seng Bhalang. The ILP and Khasi Language in the 8th Schedule, the illegal trade in coal, corruption in MePCL (Electricity) and many other issues may be just the work of the leaders of this party. Therefore, it is very serious about this statement made by the Chief Leader of the MDA Government. All groups or parties are equal, it depends on the training of the leaders.
The Assam Public Works (APW) was the NGO that promoted and revived the NRC.
Garod LSN Dykes has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner West Karbi Anglong on 28th July 2021 informing him that there will be no public works on the Lapangap-Khanduli road and requesting for his cooperation. The Assam government should not thwart the plan of Lapangap village.
The final part of this is to conclude the election campaign by going from house to house and at public meetings,” said Dolly Sharma, Congress candidate from Ghaziabad and a member of the party. All India Congress Committee.
“At present, people are living in darkness, because they will fall into Assam or Meghalaya and they want to come to Meghalaya to end the persecution,” he added.
Speaking on the constitution, Conrad said that in many cases when he speaks in Hindi, he uses the word Bharat.
what happened to you p.
“There are no news to surprise people because there are many who want to join the Congress party but at present we don't want to inform the public,” said Manish.
During the meeting, leading leaders of the RBSU, RBPUO, Ri Bhoi People Movement (RBPM) and the Federation of Ri Bhoi People (FRBP), have been able to explain to him the problems faced by the residents of Ri Bhoi District from time to time due to the increasing power outages.
These beauties of Meghalaya were judged by six experts including Miss India Earth, 2018, Deepika Vaid and Amjad Khan Pathan, director of Glamanand Supermodel India.
When he had finished working across the border, he said, another group came to pick him up and took him to a place he did not recognize and he did not know where they took him. by boat through ocean-like water.
Even these Ministers or anyone involved in taking away the precious soul will not escape the suffering of sorrow in the future.
The District Magistrate, South West Khasi Hills has imposed a three day curfew from 12-16 November 2021 from 10 pm to 5 pm daily.
Earlier, HSPDP President Ardent Basaiawmoit had alleged that LG Nongsiej did not support the party candidate D Jyndiang in the mid-term elections from Nongstoin.
Shillong, June 18: The 83rd Senior National Table Tennis Championship kicked off on 18th June in Shillong at the Indoor Training Center of the Sports Authority of India (SAI) at the North-Eastern Hill University. NEHU).
“I'm sorry...” He said one by one.
Dr. Antarwell said that in this book, which has six chapters, he has described the coalition governments that have ruled Meghalaya from 1978 to
The lycopene in soybeans can increase the production of collagen and help cleanse the cells that are no longer needed.
The law said that such fires pose a serious threat to human life, property and also damage the environment.
"This angered the indigenous people, and prompted one of the freedom fighters, Kiang Nangbah, to fight against the British troops, but this struggle did not reach its goal because of the severity. the defeat and strength of the British army.
Zhang said the Chinese team is currently facing two challenges for the tournament and its fight to defend the title once again. , but the players must have that tool of their ability to play well from the beginning until the closing day of the tournament with many victories.
On 23rd June, the district administration seized 12 bungalows belonging to Narayan Prasad Jhunjhunwala (Khyndai Lad), Nilesh Tibrewalla (Thana Road), Satyabrato Baidya (Jail Road) and Ajit. Das Gupta (Jail Road), Bidur Das (Jail Road), Uday N Shukla (Oakland Road), Rajkumari Sinha (Bivar Road), Mentok Ri-Project Pvt.
For more information, Home Guards/Civil Defense volunteers can call 7005644560/9
If the Karbi community continues to harass the Karbi people living in the border areas, the KSU will not hesitate to do the same against the Karbi people who are in peace in this area, warned the President. The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) was chaired by Bah Lambokstar Marngar.
“The sub-committee will discuss the rules and regulations for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule,” she said.
They were robbed while they were on their way back to Mawtneng, Nongtraw after a stone was thrown from Nongmensong.
A Memorandum of Agreement was signed between the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB), the Village, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and the Union of Village Authorities of War Jaintia today. for the use of the Jowai landfill at Mynkjai.
“We are women and we promise the people of the State that this party is resilient.
On the closing day of the Swachhta Pakhwada, the Medical Superintendent of NEIGRIHMS in congratulating all the participants, expressed his satisfaction with the success of disseminating the necessary message on hygiene to the community through conference, talks, skit competition, poster drawing competition and so on.
According to Sun, at that time, he saw Albinus L.Marshillong trying to break into the residence of Rotching Momin, 30 years old. Police officer working in the District Court Nongstoiñ.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the government will meet with some religious leaders from the state to find ways and means before taking a decision to reopen the schools. to the places of worship within the state.
But Jesus died so quickly that the birds and the lizards could not cover His eyes. This was truly amazing, which amazed the people.
Secondly, Captain Harry Inglis, who has not yet received a transfer order from the Government, is still serving as Assistant Political Agent and is still in full force. because his superior was Col.
Shillong, Nailar 04: The mother of Victoria Kharkongo, Berlin Kharkongor, has said that she has not received the post mortem report of her daughter.
Kenton Massar: ML05 Y 3550, ML05 M 6114 (gusto) and ML05 S 6476 (Ray z).
Sometimes the divine wisdom of these jha has caused doubt in society because they are alone and difficult to interact with other people in society.
He said that it is important to have a common understanding for the protection of the country. It is necessary to have a close cooperation between the Villages, Raids, Hima, District Councils and the State Government to strengthen the demand. Before the Government of India, he agreed that at present many parts of the Constitution of India and the powers of the Sixth Scheduled are not clear enough to have to go to the Hon'ble Court to get clarification on the border. Sam's Sixth Scheduled.
Although you don't have to go to the places mentioned above.
The criticism and dissatisfaction from some members of the public is that they feel this is all just wishful thinking and not hard work.
However, it is only Loomkyrwiang Urban Primary Health Center which has a permanent building in the state.
Lamas shall not be carried in public vehicles except for officials as defined in Section IX of Part III of the Flag Code of India such as President, Vice President, Prime Minister, Governors and others. others.
Both these teams are strong and have talented and prominent players from Meghalaya.
The body of Maheh was transported from Shillong to Sohiong under the auspices of the police and the condolences of his relatives and supporters until it reached Sohiong.
These were the scientific and evil tricks in which many Syiems were caught and finally the Syiem of Nongstoin was forced to sign.
The Quiet Storm, this band was formed in September 2018, this band has performed in many different festivals in Shillong and Jowai and has also performed in blues. and on the occasion of the 7th International Blues Day in Shillong.
U Bah B.Sohtun, said that whenever a new government is formed in the state government or district council, there has always been a request for documents from us the village leaders in Block-2 There is no sign that anyone has done anything to solve the problems of the people in the area and we don't know where these documents are.
At the meeting, Dr. Mukul said that the decision of the Cabinet on 24th July, 2009 to allocate the land was discussed. Dr. Mukul said that the decision has not been implemented yet as the government stands firm on the ground that uranium mining will not be allowed until after the acquisition of uranium mines. approval from the public.
He said that during the meeting, they urged the government to accept their request before proceeding for the second round of border settlement between the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya. is expected to start soon.
Even the National President of the NPP himself is not happy because the victory of the BJP candidate Bernard Marak from Tura Constituency has brought the NPP to a standstill.
Most of the policemen injured in the blast have recovered, except for two of them who are undergoing treatment in Guwahati.
In this tournament, she has won the cycle from Jowai to Amlarem and has not stopped here but has also risen to higher positions even in Mawkyrwat. by the Meghalaya Cycling Association.
He said that only ambulance vehicles will be allowed during the curfew, and vehicles carrying emergency work and those who cannot avoid it. They will take responsibility for this request.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 134 cases and these include 4 cases in Dangar, 5 cases in Golflink, 27 cases in Mawlai, 3 cases in Mawsynram, 4 cases in Motinagar, 6 cases in Nohwet, 5 cases in Nongmynsong, people in Wahkdait.
Prof Shukla on the 4th of this month admitted that the appointment of Rohit Prasad was made with the approval of the University's Executive Council (EC).
Today also block mawphlang 5 months ago 100 days bill, we have already worked 2 mustarul not received money, now we have returned to work, how can we go to work if we do not get money, who will give money to buy food??? , while working to earn money.
However, there are some Khasi women who know the law well and have opposed this law by going to the Governor on 31/7/2018 to demand that he does not pass it. This law is not a law in Khasiland.
“Today's technology is as good as the way it is used.
It is worth mentioning that Sohra area has started demanding district since 2010, but the work has stopped halfway where other areas like Khliehriat, Mawkyrwat have already received district. , then Ampati, Resubelpara and Mairang.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) Khliehriat Circle on Tuesday said that the MPDA has arrested the President of the party, Bah Arphul Kharbani. This is because of the authority of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills.
Along with banners and placards, the employees demanded the release of their salaries for 32 months and the NGEA leaders said that they have repeatedly informed the Executive Committee (EC) of GHADC about the issue. salary but until now they have not received any promise which has led them to start the strike from today.
These shlems give knowledge and wisdom in terms of honor and dignity.
Other religions will go to hell.
We see that, from this year 2022, the BJP party has started to grow stronger across India, for that reason, it has started to dominate religions. religious minorities especially Muslims, Christians, etc. who are outside religions who have come to India since ancient times.
The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) has announced that Iyer will not be able to take part in the match against Sri Lanka.
Shillong: The War Jaintia Students Union (WJSU) Central Body has sent a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma with 10 demands from the government to provide for the needs of the area. .
The District Administration of East Khasi Hills District has been busy preparing the site in many areas, from the cleaning of the road by PWD, the construction of the rynsan, the preparation of the the seats of the people invited to this meeting with the President.
The incident occurred at 5:30 pm.
Besides having to meet the people from all over the constituency and the state, they have to be ready to fight with the government in the Ïingdorbar.
Ms Dkhar also complained that Bah Khonglam had committed the crime together with the driver of his vehicle, Bah P. Mulieh from Ialong, Jowai.
“We will continue as we have agreed, we also have the quota of four EMs,” said Teinwell Dkhar.
Arien Bonchang Sangma, who tried his best against the opposition balls, was dismissed for 149 runs in 24.5 overs.
We will meet again soon to monitor as we are looking for a place closer to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly in Mawdiangdiang.
It has also become public that the purchase of those smart meters at a price much higher than the real price, with the intention of selling money,” said Bah Bindo.
On this occasion, there will also be an award ceremony for the students of the Kur who have passed the PhD examinations from any board for the year 2022-2
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the NPP is in the NDA not to support blindly but according to the issues related to the people.
The Chief Executive Officer of the State Election Commission, Bah Frederick Roy Kharkongor, said that the polling day has been scheduled for the 16th June and the re-polling day will be on the 19th June. The polling day for the MLA elections in Assam.
Spinner Rajeshwari Gayakwad has been promoted to Grade B, while spinner Poonam Yadav, who was in Grade A last year, has not been promoted to Grade B. any contractual agreement.
The parents also allowed their children to sit down and the servants gave them a place to sleep.
The GNLA has alleged that the SP of West Garo Hills, Additional SP and PSOs of these police chiefs may be involved in the incident.
He said that last year the Area Commander of KPLT Dhonsing came to meet him and ordered the villagers to pay money to the KPLT according to its schedule but Bah Masharing did not. obey this.
In the past, 15 or 20 years ago, getting a driver's license was very difficult because the officers in charge of the District Transport Office (DTO) were strict and did not allow it. Therefore, the public should not be allowed to obtain a license if those who apply do not meet the rules of driving.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said the Government will also set up a state level committee to convene for talks with the Autonomous. District Council (ADC), Hima and other groups in the state and the Chief Minister said that the collection of historical records of these districts will start from now on.
The woman was identified as Banisha Dkhar of Khongsaro village and resident of Ummulong.
The Minister said this in the House while replying to a question by Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie, who said that the state government should implement the NRC in this state as in Assam, as demanded by various political parties to prevent the invasion of foreigners by the villagers.
Rajya Sabha members Sanjay Singh, Sandeep Pathak and Raghav Chadha, who was out for eye treatment, Pankaj Gupta, ND Gupta, Gopal Rai, Atishi, Saurabh Bhardwaj, Kailash Gehlot, The list also includes the names of Punjab Ministers Harpal Singh Cheema, Aman Arora, Anmol Gagan Maan, Chetan Singh Jouramajra, Brahm Shankar Jimpa, Harjot Singh Bains, Balkar Singh, Harbhajan Singh ETO, Lal Chand Kataruchak and Baljit Kaur, President of the party in the state Principal Budh Ram, Baljinder Kaur, Jasvir Singh Raja Gill, Taranpreet Singh Sond, Manjinder Singh Lalpura, Manjit Bilaspur , Sarabjit Kaur Manuke, Kulwant Pandori, and Dr Inderbir Singh Nijjar.
Little Star Higher Secondary School and Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya (JNV) Mawkyrwat for men, St. Merry Higher Secondary School Rangblang and Nativity HS Mawkyrwat for women were the teams that started the tournament. day.
The child took the shisha and pretended to buy something from the shop.
These village leaders said that in terms of peace and stability and in terms of development works, they are still backward and neglected by the Government especially the road, light ( electric current), mobile tower and other benefits of the residents and this was also found to be true by the union during its inspection.
Therefore, I would like to find such people who have amazing talents in our country to improve their talents. Some people say that Bah UN Sun has been in bed for many years. Is it true or false, because for many years I haven't produced a song? Therefore, I would like to request the media and social media such as Ri khasi News, Betesi TV, T7news, and others to seek information about these intellectuals of the nation who are the awakening of the nation through their talents. their dress that they have.
Shillong, March 03: The Union Minister of State for Food and Civil Supplies, Ram Vilas Paswan, on Tuesday said that the Union Government has brought food items to the doorsteps of the state government and it is its duty to deliver them to the people. The state is entitled to receive the food items allocated by the government under the National Food Security Act (NFSA).
It will also pave the way for the design, adoption and implementation of internationally recognized standards, principles for compliance and controls to favor the adoption and trade of biofuels.
Shillong, Nailur 1: Besides the ULFA and NDFB from Assam, a source in the Ministry of Home Affairs, today said that the NSCN (IM) has also formed a state in Garo Hills. Hills are the main source of income for Bangladesh.
The tournament was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
This shortage can be prevented by ensuring that the polio vaccine is effective but as we can see, India is far from reaching its target.
Nongstoiñ, July 10: Coal trucks have overloaded the bridge in Kynshi Bangla, West Khasi Hills. at any moment.
He hoped that with the introduction of artificial turf, East Jaintia Hills District will produce many players from this area who will represent the State and the country.
(I have already mentioned that these activities are more common inside the homes than outside).
The market has started to lose its value after the news spread that a snake had been found last month.
HF Pariat, General Manager RF MLAMP, MBMA, said that the Integrated Village Cooperative Society (IVCS) is located only within Meghalaya and is also a pride for other villages. The states have started to seek information and to see how well the IVCS is working.
Therefore, strive to control your tongue, no doubt this will change your life and mind.
Shillong, Naitung, 27: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Police Department, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Friday said that there are still more people to be arrested in connection with the attack on the Chief Minister. Minister's Office, Tura on the 24th of this month.
“We will take it to the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) to appoint a magisterial inquiry to find out the cause of Victoria's death,” Latiplang Kharkongor told reporters.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: Mylliem MLA RV Lyngdoh has nominated himself for the Congress MP election.
Although the words referring to backlog reserved vacancies and recruitment cycle have been removed from clauses B(6) and clause D(2), without a clear understanding of Cadre Strength, the implementation of the allocation will not be based on vacancies in a particular year, but on the total number of posts.
Shillong: The Tyrso area on the border with Assam and other villages, which are lagging behind in the road, have been blessed by the migration of Amul falcons. tourists.
For Lion Sports, Peterson Lamare took 3 wickets in 7 overs and Firstbornson Dkhar took 2 wickets in 6 overs.
He said that the reason for the lack of health according to the findings of those who took medication from Pratiksha Hospital from Jaintia Hills is due to the pollution of the environment such as lyer, water which has turned bih.
The Governor's Office was also directed to produce the necessary documents on the same issue regarding the appointment of the Chancellor of CMJ University.
Dr Patrick is currently working at NEIGHRIMS. The wedding ceremony will be held on the 21st November
The SC/ST share is proportional to the proportion of the population.
In the Khasi custom, which is still practiced today, the Rangbah Shnong is elected by an elderly man who is skilled, far-sighted and intelligent, who has a sense of authority and good character.
Those who commit wrongdoing should not escape punishment according to the laws otherwise there is no point in having those laws and regulations to govern the rule of law and justice.
During the meeting, the village leaders lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills and requested her to send back the coal seized from the smuggled vehicles. you are the son of Mawlai.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 23: The United Democratic Party (UDP), one of the most paid political parties in the country, has immediately started nominating an MLA candidate to contest the upcoming elections. for the year 2023 in Nongstoin.
Wasa United took the lead first through Niponghi Sumer in the 11th minute.
Stephanson Mukhim in his speech expressed his position to improve the constituency especially Amlarem which is the headquarters of the constituency.
South Garo Hills has one case, South West Khasi Hills 3 cases, West Jaintia Hills 31 cases, 7 cases from abroad, 24 high risk cases and West Khasi Hills 3 cases.
He goes to see places in advance, because he wants to relax and eat pizza, eat momo and eat chow".
Young Boys Football Club won the title after beating Maitshaphrang Club 2-1 in the final match played at Madan Nongshiliang on Thursday. , Journey.
On the other hand, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem said that the new vehicle for the use of the vendors in Ïewduh is due to the hard work of the CEM of KHADC to implement the scheme through the Chief Minister Special Development Fund (CMSDF). .
“We don't have anything to protect what our daughter did to the doctor.
Shillong, Lber 21: Purno A Sangma, the NPP candidate from Tura seat, who is also the former Speaker of the Lok Sabha, has won twice the seat of the Congress candidate Daryl William Momin. still 27 years old card.
In an order issued by Thomas A Sangma, the NPP has issued a statement banning its members from taking part or speaking in public meetings against the Citizenship Amendment Act. 2019.
C Place the patient and provide care.
Shillong: U Bah M.Khar Naior has lodged a complaint against unidentified persons for entering his residence at Mawiong Umja Pung while he was at work. Ranikor and these people also stole a TV worth Rs.70,000 and a CPU worth Rs.22,5
This decision was taken by the Dorbar Shnong after the Public Health Engineering (PHE) Department has taken the initiative to repair all the roads and footpaths which have been damaged by the installation of water pipes in the past years. went away.
This is the India in which we live today and we must not forget that in 1951 Nehru, the first Prime Minister, said in Parliament, “This sedition is unlawful. "Justice and truth must be tied together, and the people must not be silent and we must tied the doors of administration,society and so on.
A case has been registered against them at Rynjah Police Station.
Sealed bids must be delivered to the address mentioned above under para 6 before 14.00 hours on or before the dates as mentioned in the table below.
“The MLA also said that they will try to win from Tura seat in the upcoming elections.
The husband threw himself out of the 108 vehicle when he was taken for testing and the husband disappeared from the civil hospital.
The Sports Ministry of India has turned back to the year 2022 as it is one of the years that has improved the sports industry in the country which is also the ability to play. of the country's prominent stars by bringing medals in various competitions and especially the country's ability to host many tournaments in India.
The reason for the closure of these shops is not known, but it is understood that they will reopen soon after the opening of the State Legislative Assembly, which is supposed to discuss the issue of inner line permit (ilp).
On 16.09.2023, Lumpariat will face Mooknor Thadmuthlon in the semi final.
On this point I can say yes it is not or not but it is very pleasant to see and hear that our brothers and sisters talk in their own language and tone of voice. in their villages and even here in Shillong many ethnic groups.
We have promised to support women in every household in 2023, by launching the Women Empowerment Card (we card). part of the MFIWE scheme,” said George.
In a petition, sent through the Governor, on Saturday, NESO, expressed its concerns on the right to education law and on this issue, NESO, demands NESO should not allow those who are 5 years old up to 18 years old or those who are still in school until they are 18 years old or those who are studying up to Class XII. There is also a need for employment training and textbooks to be distributed by the government, not only for the release of school fees and lunch.
During the meeting, SCB CEO Lalrinpuii Harhsel, IDES said that she will be transferred to another state in the near future, but she promised to take action to correct these mistakes. She said she would send the complaint to the authorities for further action.
Shillong, July 29: The National General Secretary of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Abhishek Banerjee on Tuesday urged the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to immediately resign from the post. tyngshop of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
The Chief Minister was also accompanied by Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, other MLAs from Ri Bhoi, including Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, Minister of Health and Family Welfare. George B. Lyngdoh, Jason S. Mawlong and MDCs. During the inspection of the Screening Centre, the Lamphang and the Minister also sought information from RM Kurbah, DC Ri Bhoi and Dr. MM Mawriew, DHMO, Ri Bhoi District.
They both sat down in the bedroom of their mother.
He said that during the meeting, not only for the employees of MeECL, but also for the welfare of MeECL as a whole was discussed.
The residents of Deiñler and other neighboring villages in the border areas have expressed their concern in front of the leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM).
The search operation was conducted by the SDRF together with the residents of Wahlyngkhat and other neighboring villages. , to search for these two men who fell into the river.
Speaking on the occasion, the police chiefs said that as of now, the number of drug addicts has increased in the district, where the number of drug addicts has increased. which has brought about many evil deeds and thefts.
“In terms of inheritance, it will also cause problems especially for our people.
Wanbiang Passah scored the first goal (20') and Dawyoolangki Pasi scored the second goal (39', 55').
According to the order of the Government through the Ministry of Mining and Geology issued on 12th July 2023, coal from outside the state is allowed to be exported back to Bangladesh and not coal from within the state. state through e-way bill.
It may have been produced only by a few leaders especially when there was anger from the people over the collapse of the newly built House of Assembly in Mawdiangdiang, because the President of the UDP, is also at the same time the Lamphang of the House.
The price of one box is said to be only 20 to 30 tyngka.
“At this meeting, the Commission has directed the DGP to ensure that the Police Stations for women should know their duties in the event of complaints, the police have the power to implement and why can't they do that and because we have experienced this we have already directed the authorities to take action,” she added.
We would like to thank the Child Welfare Committee of East Khasi Hills District for releasing them as well as the police for taking the initiative to arrest the person involved in the shooting of the children. Meena Kharkongor, Chairperson of the State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights and Bah Pius Marwein MLA of Ranikor Constituency.
The first pronoun is the word that comes before an action or deed and follows the next and so on.
Dr Mawthoh said the MPF is demanding that the Prime Minister should step down and not overthrow the government.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 17: The Krishi Vigyan Kendra (KVK) West Khasi Hills took part in the online program of the 94th ICAR Foundation Day and Award Ceremony organized by the ICAR at AP Shinde Symposium Hall. , NASC,PUSA, New Delhi on 16th July
“Many times, we have to ask ourselves whether we have used the law for the benefit of the people of the country,” he said. ".
All children need good advice and life lessons.
Besides this distribution, the government has also released free rice under the PMGKAY scheme at the rate of 5 kilos per head for those who have AAY and PHH cards from the government. for the month of May 2022.
Perhaps, there is no need to explain too much about the longkni but just as a reminder, let us look at some facts regarding the kur.
“He (Mukul) can appeal anywhere, we welcome that and we also show all the facts, all the documents are here.
“We are currently examining the rules of law whether it is appropriate to pass a law on Rangbah Shnongs after the High Court ruling,” he said.
With their financial contribution, they bought and owned three plots of land from the landowners, who joined together to form the Polo Ground which now includes all the stadiums from the Polo Ground to the Polo Ground. Polo Road to the end of JN Stadium.
And this year (2019) it has also amended some of the provisions of this Act.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Bryan said that although Bhoirymbong CHC has been one of the CHCs, the state government through the health department and NEIGRIHMS have had a memorandum of understanding to provide them. doctors for the purpose of serving the people every day, but this discussion has not reached anywhere, the sad thing is that those doctors as appointed until now have not arrived at all which has caused trouble to the populations that need access to healthcare.
He said that the Deputy Commissioner has also taken action and sent a Magistrate to inspect the site.
Pynshngain had a strong disagreement with the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma on many issues especially on the ban on two jobs.
Shillong, Nailur 7: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has struggled to resolve the conflict within the ARPA. Ardent M Basaiawmoit, whom they alleged that he had gone beyond and done all the work without their knowledge, even the work, which was under their jurisdiction.
Treiborlang Suchen General Secretary JSU said that the JSU cannot accept the CUET because it will cause problems to the students. The State and at present it is not enough to change the admission system of students to colleges through CUET because many students in rural areas do not know or understand what the CUET exam is and if they know It will be difficult for them to apply for admission through the website as not all the rural villages in the State have Internet network.
In addition, the questioner thinks that they are students at college/post graduate level without thinking that they are only students of class-X level.
The students accompanied by teachers from Govt.
This is the second training on integrated farming conducted by SURE and the first was held at Ϊalong.
Shillong, March 30 : After the defection of Bah kynsing Lynshiang to the NPP, the Congress has now tried to find another candidate to contest from Mawkynrew constituency in the 2023 MLA elections.
God bless you all.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, said that eating and drinking tobacco not only affects the health but also affects the environment. Excessive use of tobacco causes illness and even death, puts pressure on families and said that the ToFEI program working with youth can bring about a change in terms of tobacco use. you are smoking.
Not only that, he said that there are also some of the leaders of the party, who make statements that discriminate against ethnic and religious groups as well.
“Until now, there has never been an invitation from the government to the Dorbar Shnong to discuss the issue of issuing a letter to remove them from the area, perhaps it is government land, they can do whatever they want,” he said. .
According to Kong Slianghun Nongrum, the incident happened at 2 pm, when the robbers, whom they could not identify, came to throw stones. enemies and destroy them.
This demand came after the tragic incident of a woman who lost her newborn child, due to a heavy traffic accident, which occurred at a fish festival in Pamphyrnai, West Khasi Hills, on the 16th of November.
He said that the decision of the authorities to fill the vacancies by appointing contracts within the DSWO West Khasi Hills Office is in accordance with the directives of the State Government.
Due to the success of this skills search, the government has sent the MSOA to conduct the program in the blocks and has ordered to test 50,000 youths.
He said that the situation in Meghalaya is not as serious as in Manipur or Arunachal Pradesh, where the AFSPA needs to be implemented. The Central Government and the Central Government may argue in the Supreme Court that the implementation of the AFSPA in Meghalaya could set a bad example for other states like Chhattisgarh. Maoist victory,” said a government source.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Director of Veterinary Department, Dr JS Jyrwa said that more than 50,000 liters of cow's milk per day is supplied to the government by the farmers but the demand is still high.
The BSF claimed to have seized 367 cows ahead of the Republic Day celebrations on the border of the state.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has announced that the auction for the vacancies in the 2nd Division will be held on the 17th of June.
In the North East, he said, those who sell more than T.10 lakh have to register while in other states, those who sell more than T.20 lakh have to register.
This self-production of oxygen in these hospitals will meet the daily requirement of oxygen in these hospitals and within the districts.
Radheshyam, (Manipur) was elected as the new President for a second term. Abu Mehta, (Nagaland) was elected as the new President. Abraham K Techi (Arunachal), Kuber Bhandari (Sikkim), Lakhya Konwar (Assam) and Rupak Debroy (Tripura) were elected as Vice President and General Secretary.
I saw that the tax collectors only know how to accept and the pan doesn't know how to do anything else.
“The people will re-elect me as her thanks to the work I have done over the years," he said.
Nongpoh, Naitung 01: As the state government together with the police department continue to fight against the spread of drugs in the state and it is another encouragement to the police force where the ANTF from Ri Bhoi has received The Appreciation Award was presented by the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma.
The AJYWO does not accept that there are only 1264 foreigners trading in Jaintia Hills and has asked the JHADC where the Trading Licenses of thousands of foreign shops in Jaintia Hills are.
He said that besides the PDF MDCs, he will also invite the two MDCs from the opposition, Pyniaid Sing Syiem and Teilinia Thangkhiew.
It is also not permissible to pray together, by sitting next to each other, and the worshippers must bring their own shylliah for prayer.
RC Eve Secondary School beat Seiñraij Higher Secondary School 2-0
Hussain explained that the tax on trucks in Meghalaya is lower and very different from the tax on trucks in Assam.
According to a statement sent by Tbn.KP Pangniang, the postponement of the date of the service is due to the uncertainty of the weather conditions where the rain continues to fall. until today, which can cause disruption in the movement.
As part of this goal, he said the government has also built sports grounds in different parts of the state which has enabled sportsmen to rise to the top.
Lasky Rymbai, Deputy CEM JHADC was the chief guest in the presence of Raij Heads, Langdoh Raij Tuber, Village Leaders and others.
The second phase of the talks between Assam and Meghalaya will discuss the boundary of the dispute in the remaining six out of the 12 constituencies.
We Lamins are also related to the Marngars of Nongstoin.
In the middle of this year, it is expected that such factories and youth centers will be opened in Tura.
There were 40 MPs in the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha from the constituency and one was Prof Mrinal Miri.
She said that Mr.'s statement after the state has received the lowest allocation of funds among other states in the North East is just a lie.
He said that about T.2.5 crore is earned by the farmers of Mawsynram area per annum from the cultivation of synsar and the production of synsar is about 1 lakh tonnes per annum.
Rachel, who is studying BA English at Synod College, Shillong, has impressed the audience with her beauty and intelligence, which has won her not only the title of Miss Hornbill International but also the title of Miss Beautiful. Smile bad Best Evening Gown.
Member of the committee, Bah Lapang, who is also the Chief Whip of the state government, said that T.2.20 crore has been allocated for the construction of an infertility center at Polo, Shillong.
Although the state government has also honored several talented composers and singers to receive the Tirot Sing Award for Art & Literature.
For the benefit of the readers, let us recall two more verses from the same song which says, “Remember the Christian brothers, Work in the household.
The award ceremony was attended by General Manager District Commerce and Industries Centre, Pearlet Toi and DCIC staff. , skhor and other items made of skhen and rimet.
Bah B.Tariang, one of the traders, expressed his surprise at the discrimination. Bah K Myrchiang and Bah L Manner said that the implementation of the weigh bridge to weigh all the trucks is This is not appropriate because only the traders from Nongtalang area have to pay the fee after completing the weighing while the traders from Pynursla area do not have to pass through any weighbridge to complete the weighing of their goods. However, they are allowed to travel freely and are checked and inspected by the Forest Department before they smuggle their goods to Bangladesh.
If it is wrong, the treatment will fail and will be in vain.
Four thousand years ago, the ancient Babylonians made it a practice to make resolutions and resolutions at the beginning of the new year.
He denied that the Sengbhalang has taken the law into their own hands, saying that it is to help the Infiltration Department, the Police Department to search for infiltrators. to evil deeds, it is wrong.
The Peace Accords (MNF Returnees Association) (PAMRA) has said that there is a strong anger among the Mizo youths after the two Kuki women were raped and arrested. The Mizo Students Union (MSU) has decided to conduct a census of the number of Mizos in various educational institutions in the country. that of Mizoram.
The ban on data services and broadband will continue until 3 pm on July 10, according to an order issued by the Commissioner of Home Affairs. H Knowledge Publishing.
These villages and townships which have been placed in the Containment Zone, have been warned against the people and not to go to the area and also the people who live in the village, not to leave their homes. house and if anyone is found to be in violation, they will be punished according to the provisions of the Act.
Shillong: U Bah Goldenstar Khongwar today explained to reporters on the charges that he assaulted the Rangbah Shnong of Baridua, Bah Ioanis Narleng, Ribhoi District on 19th July appeared in several newspapers.
Bah Mawrie said he would stop first and asked me to come to your room.
In a statement sent to the media, the Commission said that such incidents threaten the dignity and dignity of every woman and child in the country.
He said that the whole of India recognizes that the language, culture, food and dress of the North East as a heritage and the Government of Narendra Modi is determined to preserve and promote the heritage of the North East. this area.
A case has been registered under the NDPS at Khliehriat PS and the investigation is ongoing to track down those involved in the smuggling.
Hamletson said the NPP is not like the image spread on social media, the NPP is not a bad party.
Various medicines were also distributed free of charge.
In this government, the rich can get huge loans from banks and if they cannot pay the loan, the Mod government will pay it and they don't have to worry.
This sudden access of our children to computers, the use of the Internet and mobile phones, has become a misuse, instead of being used for education.
In the capital, the Minister discussed the political situation in Madhya Pradesh and also discussed issues to be implemented for the elections.
The GSWSS has three phases, and phase III has been allocated by the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) to improve and increase water supply but has not yet been completed.
It is a great sin,” continued Niakha.
(If you have a VPP in Garo Hills, you will not be able to do so).
Political parties or candidates or anyone who wishes to meet can meet from 10 to 11 pm.
It is learned that in this incident, the robbers burnt down three rooms and one room of the students of Class X. don't sit there.
Today, it was seen that the crowd was ready to stand in line and also to watch at Bijou Cinema Shillong.
However, it was seen that the police have been deployed in Motphran to prevent the people from turning to public places in case of any tragic incident.
With a spirit of joy, Halbert decided to bring another one.
The District Sports Officer, Shillong on 17th June 2023 conducted a screening test for 1317 athletes at the JN Polo Stadium, Shillong.
Rephica Becky Pde, known as the “Utra Queen” of the North East, is one of the most talented women in running in India. In many races, this longkmie has brought victory and honor to the state as a whole.
Those who attend the funeral should be limited to 40 persons, but only with the permission of the DC, Shillong.
This plant is also very similar to the cow in the way it is used; that is, it can be used as a cover crop to protect the soil from soil erosion; or it may be planted to be buried in the ground to fertilize the soil.
In an interview with the KSU, the Regional Manger acknowledged that there is indeed a withdrawal of money from the accounts of the people and promised to return the money of the people who has withdrawn from the accounts.
The department also requests the support of anyone who can assist in the fight against illegal activities in the border areas by sending information to the department.
The order was issued after receiving a report from the Incident Commander and Sector Magistrate that the vendors in the markets were violating the COVID-19 rules, ie the vendors were not wearing masks and gathering together. Social distancing is not observed in the market.
The state government has held a ceremony in which the police have paid tribute to him.
These students were welcomed by the Chief Officers of the State Government and the State Sengbhalang groups.
They have lodged a complaint on the 12th of this month at Ummulong Beat House.
Just as trust is needed in the family, so too in society.
Thus your country has been left to you as a desolation.
I don't trust this Dkhar.
Shillong: Two persons have died and three others have been seriously injured when they were hit by a pyrthat at Charbatapara village near Phulbari in West Garo Hills.
On the last day of the Referees Development Course, a fitness test will be held at SAI, NEHU Campus at 6.30 pm followed by the written examination at 11 pm. .
The meeting referred the matter to the Executive Committee of the Kur to investigate thoroughly to find out the truth about the relationship between the Kur and other tribes so that it will be clear especially to avoid danger in the future. .
This happened in November 2023, and it wasn't until this month before the elections that some people informed her that they had a video about her, but it was a friend of hers who played games and sent the videos to seconds and 37 seconds and the next day she saw the full video and it touched her mind.
ASHAs from Umden PHC and other places in the presence of Soni Kharjana Adviser and Mirajune Marsing President of Umden PHC and other places also took part in the cleanliness drive. They were accompanied by the MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayral Born Syiem and other dignitaries.
“I am pleased to say that those students who study with Swapnil should ask themselves why they cannot when a student who studies with them reaches this goal,” said Bah Rudi.
Similarly, kuroiler chickens were distributed to 70 beneficiaries.
The training was attended by FC Goa affiliated clubs including Mawkhar Sports Club, Mawlai Sports Club, Wahiingdoh Sports Club and OnSides.
Speaking to media, the Minister said, “Until now we have not received any information about the weapons that have been seized but we have requested the village authorities and Sengbahlang to urge them to “I urge those who have the right to take firearms from the police to hand them over to the government”.
“It is up to the Government what it should do next, to meet the demands and expectations of the people.
In a statement sent by Bah Marcus Marten, President of the HNYF, Northern Region, he said that in the past years, the HNYF has been one of the 13 political parties in the state. The protest to demand that the government should pass laws to curb the entry and exit of mynder in the state.
Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro has confirmed that he has tested positive for the coronavirus.
“The development projects that have been going on for 40 years have never been achieved but when I become MLA I will achieve them and we will continue to work hard to bring more such projects,” said Bah. Sanbor.
Within 1000 years there will be the marriage of the Lamb.
Regarding this tragic incident, we urge the governments of Meghalaya and Assam to immediately provide justice to the families of the deceased and injured and to ensure that the people of Mukhroh village can recover. “We strongly condemn all the crimes and violence that have happened recently in the state especially in the case of many individuals,” said the MPHRC. who have been involved in such incidents without thinking whether it is the indigenous people, the minorities or any other group and especially the involvement of journalists.
Just as Moses was fasted before giving the commandments to the children of Israel (Exodus 34:28); Elijah was fasted before giving a testimony to his master (1 Kings 19:8). ;   So Jesus too was blessed before he revealed the Gospel.
I agree because in Meghalaya there are too many government employees.
:An accident has occurred at Mawlangwir Saidsnat near Rowel Lyngdoh Stadium on November 3, 2023 at 4.15 pm. The victims were identified as Nangpyndapbor Kharlyngdoh, 17, son of Bah Tishingroy Shylla of Nonglang and Badatipskhem Snaitang, 17, son of Bah Roshanroy Lyngdoh of Nonglang. While on the way from Mawkyrwat to Nonglang, they collided with a vehicle (ML 12 1474) Alto, driven by Bah Dirling Khalyngdoh of Nonglang.
In the letter, the MLA said that now is the school year and the employees of the dewbilat factory have faced difficulties in providing school fees, documents for their children and He said that the lack of salary can also destroy their families.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) will announce the results of the HSSLC examination on 30th November
According to Hek, the government pays T.2000 per month to the ASHAs besides incentives.
These become strong family relationships.
This village is well known not only in Jaintia Hills but in the state and in India because almost every day, many tourists from all over India come to this village to see the Mawbynna garden at Nartiang Market and The Durga Temple has been built for hundreds of years in the sharing of this village.
The SP said that besides receiving written complaints, many times dignitaries from Tura have complained that the Rimpu Bagan area is a place of illegal fighting.
The make up artists were taken by Joycel Ropmay and Lee Middleton. The hairstylists were Melambha Pyngrope and Centhia Dkhar.
According to the President of the Seng Samla Nongryngkoh, Bah E.Surong, on the morning of the 13th November, a sumo carrying the market goers could not climb the road immediately. the village has changed.
Conrad Sangma also urged the civil society, churches and training institutions, community leaders and various organizations to fight against drug abuse.
Nongpoh, Nailar, 18: Leaders of HITO, RI-Bhoi District today came forward to demand from the relevant authorities from the state government and KHADC regarding the growth of toll gates on the National Highway in Ri. -Bhoi District, which has encouraged the drivers of vehicles carrying goods to increase the price of goods due to the excessive number of tax collection gates which should be removed. now immediately.
The Bhaichung Bhutia Football School, founded by former football star Bhaichung Bhutia, has signed a memorandum of understanding with the Assam Rifles to open a football training centre. the future of children who are still involved in sports.
Others who took part in the meeting were Zenith Sangma and Ampareen Lyngdoh.
“It is very wrong if the KHADC does not issue the NOC for the construction of the Mawthabah-Wahkaji road from Nongstoin,” he said.
Meanwhile, Bah SW Rymbai, Paiem Laborius Manik Syiem and MDCs of KHADC have donated T.31,95,800 to pay the salaries of the guards for four years, from April 2011 to November
Before 2025-26, five Nano urea plants will be put into operation with a capacity of 44 crore bottles of 195 LMT of urea.
“Many have criticized not only the members of the Foundation but also the MLA of Khliehriat Constituency, Kyrmen Shylla.
The Union appreciates the skills of the madam to work and all the work goes smoothly and does not stop and the Union gives a present to the madam, as a sign of gratitude for her kindness to the to Amlarem Sub Division.
After all these, the agriculture, the renovation of the house and the burial of the dead, they will have time, in the evening, to go hunting and slaughtering meat as in Umïam.
The reason is that the stone carrying more than 21 tonnes has been paid in cash to the gates of government departments from Forest, Custom, District Council, Seng Bhalang and so on. there is no one else to stand against this wickedness.
Also, there should be no judgment or fear especially against the staff in the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, who are ready to come forward to protect us the people.
He said the government has removed the slow and easy challenges.
I am writing this article with an oxygen mask on my head, two drips in my hand and a shade (it was also given to the nurse).
On the other hand, the Minister said that the new government will implement properly the schemes of the central government for the people of the state, as the old government did not implement properly various schemes.
Taking the statement of these people, who came to explain to the media, they said that in fact there are nine people who have been suspected of being involved in the murder. u Khynnah, we include Rohit.
On the stage some gentlemen and two women were seen coming together for the same.
“We want to deliver another 500 vehicles in the next five years,” he said.
“In the recent decision, the AFSPA has been removed from most parts of the North East.
Nongpoh: U Bah Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, on Saturday inaugurated a VIP Gallery at Rtiang Village Sports Ground in Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, March 17: Leaders of the Employment Cell of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) today visited the office of Idea in Nongthymmai to protest against the recruitment of foreigners and the dismissal of youth from the country. states who are not working in the field.
Shillong: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Spokesperson Nalin Kohli today said that no Congress MLAs have yet come to meet with the Congress MLAs. he.
In Umiam, the minimum temperature was 15.6 degrees Celsius and the minimum 2.4 degrees Celsius, while the rainfall was 0.4mm.
He walks only one path, to EARN RIGHT and he does not know how to be hypocritical in this regard.
The programme, which started at Amlarem Secondary School, was organized by the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) in collaboration with the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) to raise awareness. in terms of the need to keep our villages clean.
The first match will start at 11:30 pm between Laitkyrhong SC and Nongrah SC, while Nongkrem SC will play against Sohryngkham SC at 2:30 pm. NDSA Premier League Football Tournament 2023, after beating Mawliehbah 5-0 on Tuesday.
" “We will also focus on improving the works completed in the past five years to ensure the improvement of the buildings.
“For the sake of Balari Lyngdoh, she has been ordered to NEIGRIHMS,” she said.
Therefore, let us stop pointing fingers and blaming each other and put away selfishness.
Nongstoiñ, July 24: In Nongstoiñ area under Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, it was found that although the roads have reached almost all the villages and areas, but with the passing of the years they have deteriorated to the point where they are not able to improve the roads. longer to drive.
The people shouted “Hosanna” and the word “Hosanna” was a prayer for deliverance from captivity.
In the same way, those who have escaped have seen the light, but those who have remained have seen the same thing, whether it is darkness or light. from their parents and teachers.
The District Magistrate's order prohibits the use of vehicles and vehicles within 5 km of these border areas from 6 pm to 5 pm.
He said that this is just a joke, but banks will operate for the whole month, except for the holiday on the 2nd of November, which is Sunday and then the second Saturday, on the 8th of November. However, on the 3rd, there will be no public holiday, except in some of these states, where banks will be closed.
That is why it is said that man does not die but sleeps because he will wake-up.
Islam, who was arrested on July 1, was arrested at Ampati Police Station on charges of involvement in the robbery of his brothers. in the hands of the police.
So far, Trump has received 24 electoral votes and Biden has received
Banerjee has strongly criticized the MDA-led government, which has failed in all aspects.
Ripul said that even the footpath has not been built in the market by the Hima Mylliem but has been built through the 100 days MNREGA bill. The present market also affects the traffic of ambulance vehicles as there is a CHC near the market.
They also say that this teaching of the Apostles was like a 'word of encouragement to the early Christians.
In the award ceremony, the most disciplined team was awarded to United Warrior-Lawmali.
He said that no matter what policies there are groups that support and there are groups that oppose, so if it needs to be amended, it should be carefully considered by putting forward the expectations and especially the behavior. man in the state.
In this journey, Nongthymmai Cricket Association has won the First Division title in 2019 and
“In the past, there were allegations that there was no electricity supply, but now even after the rain, Sohra has not received electricity,” said the MLA of Sohra. MeECL department's working methods because even if they use electricity, the bill is the same as the bill if they don't use electricity.
In the men's category, St. Anthony's College came first while Shillong College came second.
“Until now we have not seen that the political parties have shown any signs of fulfilling the wishes of the Garo people,” said FKJGP Garo Hills Zone President Pritam Marak.
Gukesh's victory over Alireza is 5.7 rating points for him and the young player has now moved up to 15th in the world rankings along with the live rating. Chapter 2742.
However, at the same time, the era of social media will also affect many candidates and even defeat them in this election.
The former school teacher said the time has come to fight hard to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Eight Schedule of the Constitution.
We are the ones in our own country who have to make an affidavit,” said Bah Pasi.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17 : The DC of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will hold a special meeting in 23 constituencies to hear the views of the people. The preparations for the division of constituencies ahead of the MDC elections next year.
The media circulated Videos showing the caption: “The snar mastermind of the corruption scandal that emerged from the liquor enforcement system, who is a friend of Kejriwal, has been a government witness.
“All the gates in West Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi except one in Diengpasoh which we have not closed.
The Assam Police immediately evacuated their personnel and the Puh shilum from the area.
Agnes Kharshiing, President of the Civil Society Women Organization (CSWO) has lodged a complaint with the Saphai Police Station on behalf of the suspect. daughter of the deceased.
On 29th March, the peon of Rophul Marak, Parliamentary Secretary, Information Department, found that these items had disappeared from his office, room number She immediately informed the police about the incident and lodged an FIR and police rushed to the scene to investigate with fingerprints and police dogs.
The reasons given by the four organizations that the government and these chief executives should answer are, why the equipment allocated for Nongstoiñ MCH has been taken to Mawkyrwat.
They said that the village leaders have lodged a complaint at the Mawlasnai Outpost and the Mawlasnai Police Outpost has sent a stop but the government officials from Assam have not stopped. However, they continue to erect signs or rob the land of the people in the village.
The farmers are the Mohkhiew and Wait-Prat who will fight against the disease of starvation so that it will not spread to the homes of the people of the country and the nation! Food shortages and starvation have started to spread around the world but these things have not happened here in our country because those budlum whom we used to call the villagers are still supporting us. and they worked hard, even though they ate only the old and the new barley.
Otherwise, without proper knowledge, we often fall into the trap.
Speaking to media after the meeting, HYC President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said that the HYC has sought clarification from the government on the decision of the MHA and on the status of MRSSAB, .
“With the aim of improving the quality of health care in the rural areas of the State, the Government has decided to strengthen it by introducing projects to ensure that the health facilities in the rural areas are adequate. ," said the Prime Minister.
At the same time, the police department has congratulated the Dorbar Shnongs for taking the initiative to address this issue.
The word growth now seems to have come only from the rynsan and not from the deeds.
Singbirth Marak, the Commander-in-Chief of the UALA under the chairmanship of November Ch Marak, who is also known as Chiindik, said he was not happy with the Chairman's decision to speak on the issue. The UALA under the leadership of Novembirth went ahead to sign the peace agreement and signed the peace agreement on 29th June, 2016 at Dikki Bandi Stadium, Dakopgre. -Tura where the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma and the Minister of Home Affairs Roshan Warjri welcomed the members of the party.
That Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong or other office bearers should be sworn in before taking up their duties.
Jowai: In a statement sent by Bah A.Kharwaniang, the members of the Society of St. Vincent de Paul (SSVD) under the leadership of the President of the Diocese of Jowai, Bah MM Thaiang, The meeting held yesterday in Jowai, strongly condemned Bah Rimialson Daw for his posts on Facebook and Whatapp which criticized and defamed his longrynieng, honor and dignity ( Most Rev. Dominic Jala, Archbishop of Shillong.
Only those who buy food and beverages as well as those who go to health centers are allowed to pass.
Fr.Leo M Lyndem, Parish Priest, said that the land of Lawkyntang which covers more than 4 acres has been purchased from private individuals for the purpose of preserving the environment and planting trees. , animals, birds, and plants of all kinds.
“The root cause of corruption is the moment when the candidate distributes money and the voter takes the money and this has spread to various parts of the country. country and nation".
However, with the victory yesterday, Nangkiew have moved up to fourth place with 11 points while Langsning have stayed in the same position.
It is estimated that BSNL is currently experiencing a sharp decline in revenue and the employees of the department are preparing to hold various strikes to demand their salaries.
This preaching service was held on the 24th June 2022 at Umru and it is the best news that Khasi, Nepalese and other ethnic groups who have become Christians in the country have come to take part. Every Presbyterian.
The union urges the DHS and especially the DC office not to issue the PRC to Meghna Das as she has no rights and is only a resident of New Delhi.
On behalf of Meghalaya, the Chief Minister was accompanied by the Chief Secretary, Bah Donald P Wahlang, the Development Commissioner, Sampath Kumar and the Commissioner and Secretary, Dr. Vijay Kumar D. Auguste Tanu Kouame, Director, Worked Bank India and his team, on the way forward to improve governance and service delivery projects in Meghalaya.
The meeting was conducted by HANM Vice President Coming Soon Dkhar.
According to these youths, there are about 800 posts that the government intends to fill according to the announcement.
“There have been attacks from Assam and looking at the circumstances what we have seen is not the first time such an incident has happened in Langpih and now in Mukroh and other nearby places. the border with Assam,” he added.
They speak one thing and do another.
Regarding these remarks of Mawlai MLA, Bah DD Lapang, he laughed and said, “Those kinds of thoughtless words come from those people who do such things. “It's true, I feel sorry for my friends who don't have a mature mindset,” said Bah DD Lapang.
Fertilizer Plants Another type of fertilizer used for nitrogen is some plants related to rymbaija, or ri, motor and other plants.
Even after the District Administration of East Jaintia Hills District has issued an order ban ban vehicles from parking on the Sonapur Bridge, until today, it has been witnessed that vehicles have violated the order. .
Other expenses were covered by the collection of the parishioners and the most responsible will be the church department that hosts the synod.
The cause of death of the mother was Covid-19 anemia.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 89161 out of which 85302 have recovered and 1499 have died.
Nongriat Sirdarship Nongriat Village, which has only 39 households, is an old Hima (elaka) Sirdarship, which has been registered under the UK&J Hills Act II of 1959, approved by the Governor. Assam on 16.10.1959 and published in the Assam Gazette of the same year.
He also warned that if the Shillong Golf Club does any activities in the future, it should inform the Dorbar Shnong otherwise the Dorbar Shnong will close the fee for entering the GolfLink Ground.
It now depends on the understanding between the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo, how to amend this Reservation Policy which has been divided according to the population.
Conclusion Statement from the Waheh Shnong of Raij Nongjngi.
Further, the Forum urges the Government and law enforcement agencies to promptly complete the necessary measures in a fair and transparent manner for the sake of peace and stability in the country.
It is worth mentioning that KWWADA has not criticized anyone in the statement sent today , but it is understood that the statement is a request to the people of Hynniewtrep on the government 's intention to Nongpoh, Jymmang 12: As part of the ILP protest, KWWADA is one of the 13 women's organizations in the ILP protest. The Dorbar Hima Raid Nongtung has decided to hold the Shad La Khompong or Shad Rah Kynthei at Thadrang Village in Mawhati Constituency on the 23rd of this month. 24th and 24th of this month.
In the competition, Sanjana Rani and Niyazul Rehman from St. Edmund's College won the runner-up and a cash prize of Rs 5,000 along with a trophy.
In fact, both the teams were strong and deserved to play in the final but thanks to Luckyness Khyriem's ​​chance in the 9th minute, Chutwakhu won the title.
This happened three days after the meeting in Motphran.
The investment will include the monitoring of the condition of various organs in the human body, the development of human memory and intellectual capacity and preventive measures. , for types of bacteria, which can enter the human body.
After night comes morning.
In Khasi Hills, the INC is stronger in many places but, on its own, it will not reach the goal of forming a government.
After the cessation of the strike, all the teachers in various schools have announced that they will resume the teaching of lunch for the children in schools from 7th November Tuesday.
“Besides, he said that the department has now started work in this regard.
He said that education in Tigray has collapsed since November last year and more than 2.3 million children have dropped out of school.
Another decision taken by the government is that marriages will be allowed in places of worship of churches and religions in the state from the 16th of this month.
Police have registered a case under the case No.ps c/no.121(11)17 U/S 457/380 IPC. one person has just been released on bail and they are trying to investigate to find out the facts.
The 16th of June is a day on which every Khasi who loves and respects his Khasi identity, his identity, his thought, his culture and his foundation, should be filled with gratitude. and the pride of one of the great men of the Khasi Hills and the Indian Hills as a whole, who has tried to destroy and destroy his great name.
Kantara will be screened at the United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHCR) and the director and actor Rishab Shetty will also be one of the speakers. at the United Nations.
However, due to the stinginess and negligence of the Meghalaya government, the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council and the state of Assam have been able to exploit and oppress our people.
Ashish Chauhan, National Organizing Secretary ABVP also spoke about the principles of Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP).
It is learned that some of this money went to the UDP party but most of it went to the minister and the police.
On the other hand, he said that as an MP, he has tried to raise this issue many times in Parliament.
You can also update and transfer your account with this e-corner.
Shillong: On the delay of the Central Government in approving the ILP in Meghalaya, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that he does not know the reason for the delay in approving the ILP in Meghalaya. 60 MLAs have accepted the ILP at the bar, so he urged all 60 MLAs to go to Delhi to understand where the path to demand ILP leads the state.
Police of Ri Bhoi District and Umiam Police Station have rushed to the scene to conduct a thorough investigation to find out the truth and also to track down the suspects. people involved in this crime.
He said that the police did not come alone but came with weapons to attack.
Australia came in second with 23,533 Indians and in 2020, 13,518 Indians will stay in Australia.
Bah Kharhujon disappeared from the Mumbai airport while on his way home.
Shillong: The Executive Member in Charge of the Town Committee of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to remove seven villages from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). submitted to the Town Committee.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The Wahlyngkhat Cultural and Sports Club in collaboration with the All Meghalaya Dancer Association, one of the leading dancers associations in Meghalaya, led by Bah Kitbok Thabah, will hold a Riwar Got Talent on the 20th and 21st.
The CEM said that it is because of the government's stinginess that the villages have to encourage the people to have Aadhaar because they have been threatened that if they do not do so, they will lose the benefits they should have received. “It is surprising that the Chief Minister does not have Aadhaar and orders the government departments under his jurisdiction to force the people to have Aadhaar,” he said.
These categories are divided into 1) Menstrual disease 2) External disease. 55% of these participants have been infected with menstrual disease. The most common menstrual disorder is PCOD which affects 36% of women.
Similarly, the number of Scheduled Tribe (ST) students has increased from 2.49 crore to 2.51 crore and Other Backward Caste (OBC) students from 11.35 crore to 11.49 crore in 2020-21 and 22.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest said, “It is almost impossible for us to experience such an opportunity where while we are hearing about those things in the past, we are also walking in the signs of the past. It is a source of history to prove to us what our ancestors have left us, and it seems that we have reached or turned back thousands of years ago. I would also like to thank the youth and the elders of the Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien Kur who have come to express to me their desire to preserve and develop the Kur through these mati. How pleased I am that according to this present age, when people are moving towards those developments of all kinds, you, the family, have not forgotten the ancestors.
When contacted by Bah LG Nongsiej, he said that he was unable to attend the meeting because he was in Vellore to visit his sick son.
Despite the efforts of the Myanmar army, it was unable to release the besieged troops.
It has always been the case that these political parties are trying their best to raise more money for the election campaign – to attract the voters to support the candidate. their.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, congratulated Jevellin Wanniang for her achievement in doing such a great job not only for her own benefit but also for her own benefit. It is also one of the parts to serve other young people in the area who have the desire to stand on their own feet through the sewing and weaving industry.
In a letter to the Minister, HYC President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said, “Therefore, we urge the Meghalaya government to take the necessary measures to ensure that all the offices of the central government/ schools and other Central Government agencies in the State to follow and implement the Office Memorandums and other directives issued by the Departments of the Government of India so that the indigenous people of the State can receive benefit through this.
This incident has angered the wife, when her husband, did not get even a room to sleep himself and this led to the wife, to go inside and sit in the room. Karnataka Chief Minister BS Yediyurappa and others who have suffered from the tragedy, to receive treatment for those infected with covid
The NEP 2020 has been finalized after a thorough consultation with all stakeholders including the State/UT Governments. The Department has discussed with all the State/UT Governments for the full implementation of the NEP
If no party wins and gets the sole rule, the horse trade will be very intense because the four political parties from the NPP, TMC, UDP, Congress and BJP will win. 7 seats will also be affected by the sale of horses.
Although there have been many opponents of the MoU, the two governments have already started talks in the second phase to resolve the border issue in seven areas. stay.
Leaders of the KSU North Khasi Hills District led by its General Secretary, Samla Lambok Rymbai and members of the KSU North Khasi Hills District have protested against the registration and demanded that the Research Officer of Planning should stop the registration process. There was a temporary suspension after the KSU leaders entered the Aadhar Number registration office, but after a while the registration process continued and the people came to register their names again. to get your Aadhar number.
Every year she donates thousands of tyngka and this year she has donated the highest amount of money to the Rupang Poverty Committee and has donated up to T.11,000 tyngka.
This was announced by KSU Mawlai Circle Publicity Secretary Samla MacDonald Jitem.
The opening ceremony was attended by Wailadmiki Shylla, MLA, MCS, FB Basan, DPO and ADC.
In recent days, China has announced that it will conduct a test of its warplanes, carrying bullets and missiles, which will be tested near Taiwan.
According to the order issued today, the DM said that Section 144 CrPC which has been implemented in Sahsniang village has been tightened.
“We understand what has been done but more needs to be done to ensure that the people of the North East should get what they have been suffering for decades,” said Dr Vardhan. He said the central government wants to see that this area will grow faster unlike the 60 thousand who have stagnated.
However, this mission has been completed and no one knows where it is.
At the time of writing, the most affected villages are Rambrai, Mawrang, Umsiej, Nongkroh Phodumbah and other neighboring villages.
He said that the patients were given food twice a day as directed by the doctors.
Although the political parties have already announced their candidates for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections in 2024, the Bharatiya Janata Party will probably be the last political party to decide to as she did in the 2023 MLA elections.
He said tomorrow's match against East Bengal, who are fourth in the I-League with 28 points, will be very difficult.
Shillong: The Garo Baptist Convention (GBC) has expressed its regret over the non-inclusion of the Garo or A-chik languages ​​in the list of 38 languages ​​to be recognized in Article 5 of the Constitution. India, according to the announcement of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government.
In the first half, Badonkura Marbaniang scored the first goal for Rising to take a 1-0 lead in the first half.
Shillong, July 21: As Meghalaya approaches the days of the Assembly elections, the National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad Kongkal Sangma has announced that He will start his election campaign from Adokgre from the 23rd of this month.
Police suspect that the three men were killed due to their inability to pay the money for the purchase of firearms.
Earlier, Bah Martle said that as a proud owner, he took part in the development of the school later as a leader, despite many challenges.
The number of cases of corona virus in India has risen sharply in the past 24 hours, with 24,850 new cases reported.
Shillong: The Jaintia National Council (JNC) Sumer Circle under the leadership of the President of the Circle, Bah Sakilan Chyrmang on Tuesday warned against vehicles carrying cross border to pass through the Ri Bridge. Manar which is located in Sumer East Jaintia Hills District, the bridge is currently in severe damage and it has been revealed that the screws of the baltoo have started to collapse due to the overloading of heavy vehicles. Traffic has also caused a loud noise from this bridge and this poses a serious threat to the pedestrians.
It is alleged that these five persons were forcibly evicted from the village with a warning to other foreigners who live in the village to leave the village.
To conclude the public awareness campaign, the students will hold a discussion on the theme, “Waste to Grace” by Bankitlang Nongbri, founder of Eco-Ri. “Single Use Plastic Water Bottles – An Absolute Monstrosity” will be held at the Conference Hall of the College.
He also advised the residents to be vigilant to protect themselves as floods can occur after the rain especially in the areas near the rivers and streams.
“It's been a long time since I've been the first enemy of my mother. Don and I'm happy to throw away the soh but unfortunately, as I throw away, others throw away the soh,” he said. said Charles.
Today’s event opened a special opportunity for all those involved in these activities including Government officials, ODOP vendors and those involved, media related officers.
On 22.02.2005, another petition was submitted to Dr. Donkupar Roy Chief Minister during his visit to the village to set up the Outpost at Barato.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Dangar-Balat Border Circle has arrested 10 foreigners who came to work on the road under Rangweng without proper documents such as labor license from KHADC or others. The state government has expelled them.
Tribals in Gujarat, Rajasthan, West Bengal, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh and other parts of the North East will take part in the curfew.
Mawkyrwat, July 12 : The 4th South West Khasi Hills District Volleyball Tournament 2023 has been held in collaboration with the South West Khasi Hills District Volleyball Association. of the District Sports Officer (DSO), South West Khasi Hills District which was held near the MDSA Mawkyrwat Stadium.
There are 2 tombs in this cemetery and out of the 12 10 are the tombs of the mothers of the British officials while 2 are the tombs of the Khasi who are the children of the miaw and khnai. of Sir John Bird Shadwell who said he was the Assistant Commissioner and Sub-Divisional Officer (SDO) of Jaintia Hills.
The meeting was opened by Bah Dipshon Lyngdoh Nongbri SSA at 3 pm.
Regarding the blackout which used to be turned off at 7 pm, the union requests the office to change it to 11.30 pm so that it will not affect the students who are preparing for their examinations.
Aditi also praised Tollywood for welcoming her in the past years and although she didn't get the opportunity to act in Bollywood films, Tollywood has brought her. hope for her life.
Jowai, June 05: The National People's Party (NPP) 1-Nartiang Constituency on Tuesday honored Sniawbhalang Dhar (MLA) who has won four consecutive terms and is also the current Symbud Myntri. The meeting was held at Wahiajer Community Hall, Wahiajer, Government of Meghalaya.
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has revealed the corruption case this year.
Shortly after, they appealed to the High Court, Meghalaya against the rejection but the High Court directed the District Council not to consider their trading license applications.
In this period, there are also many who do not have a friend (misunderstanding), who do not have a household and there are also those who do not have time to work because they don't have time to work. I'm not going to campaign for the election.
However, you should not eat too much if you do not have this disease.
The decision of the Executive Committee of the Raid Nongkrem confirms the ownership of the land.
We have seen in the conflict between Assam and Mizoram, all the MLAs of Mizoram from the ruling and opposition parties have gone to the border, while our politicians end up speaking in the election campaign, and they just talk to each other. “This is the disease of our leaders,” said Donald.
The city of Joshimath has fallen by 9cm in the last seven months, from June to November 2022, according to media reports.
She said that the launch of this project will bring about a major change in the provision of health services in the state.
It is reported that about 300 volunteers of the NVDA came out to blockade the Secretariat on 10th November 1968 and some of these volunteers are still alive.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Umsning Circle, has urged the relevant authorities to immediately address the shortcomings of the Umsning CHC. Henry Marngar, Publicity of RBYF Umsning Circle, said that the reason for the demand of the RBYF Umsning Circle is to provide for the needs of the RBYF Umsning Circle. After receiving many complaints from the public, who have faced many problems when they go for treatment at the CHC. There is no doctor and no nurse in the emergency room, which has caused problems to the people who need to go for treatment and especially for those who need to get emergency treatment.
The office was inaugurated by the President of the party, Bah BL Nongbri, in the presence of Bah Emmanuel Syiem Malngiang, General Secretary, Precious Sumer Vice President and all the Executive Members.
Before receiving the blessing of the Most Holy Sacrament of the Duwan, Father Lakhontre Dkhar gave a strong sermon.
“We are concerned that instead of including the Pnar or Jaintia language, the government has introduced the English or English language in the State Anthem.
“The signing of the MoU was not done in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution.
Ri Bhoi Police on July 24 conducted a motorcycle march from Nongpoh to Umiam and back to Nongpoh, to inform the public about the impact of drugs in the district.
The amendment of the Office Memorandum may be held tomorrow or the next day, so that the process can proceed, he said.
Replying to the allegation on the border issue, Prestone said, “Abhishek has no knowledge on the border issue between Assam and Meghalaya. , and this issue has been going on for 50 years and I don't want to waste time or say anything on these statements of his, but only we, who were born in Meghalaya, know better about this issue”.
In the first category, three candidates scored 553 marks including Raina Pradhan of St. Margaret's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Lapynkhamti Kharkongor of Auxillium Girls Higher Secondary School, Shillong and Reesa Ee Christine Suting of Auxillium Girls Higher Secondary School, Shillong. North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Jowai.
Joycy has participated in these programs and is a great example for those who want to find jobs in logistics.
The SP said that while Biswa was patrolling at Iewduh in Doh Masi, he suddenly saw three men carrying a heavy pla in their hands and which injured him. He called out to stop the five men, but the five men broke their plate and fled, after which Biswa started beating them with the help of his friend Budhatoki.
All this happened because their faith had grown cold.
He said that the proposal to build a shopping complex on the land of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC) has to be looked into, as the government plans to spend up to Rs 200 crore on this land. it is less than 50,000 sq ft.
Mawranglang Lai Kyntoit Sports Club was the winner and received a cash prize of T.5000/- along with a prize.
However, at the same time, he said that some of those who resigned called him and expressed their desire to meet him.
Sohra, Jymmang 03: A delegation of the Sohra Area Development Council (SADC) including the elders, women and youth of Sohra area today met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Prestone Tynsong at the Circuit House. Sohra to discuss issues related to the development of the Sohra area.
Meanwhile, it was learned that the State Government has called the SWAT Commando from Garo Hills to come to Shillong to strengthen the search operation against the Sengbhalang Leaders.
That's why poor women who have lost their lives have to take a taxi or sumo and pay thousands.
By Bah Philip MarweinWhen we are in the sea we find that there is water everywhere but the sea water is not suitable for drinking because it is too salty.
Speaking to reporters, he said, “I am surprised at the policies of this party even though it is not yet successful in Meghalaya. They are willing to promise 1000 tyngka if they get to power.
At 8:45 an argument broke out between the two.
Nongpoh: As part of the celebration of the 25th Anniversary of the KSU North Khasi Hills District (Ri Bhoi), on Saturday, the KSU North Khasi Hills District (Ri Bhoi) held a meeting to discuss the issue. KSU has donated a house to a poor family in Pahamsyiem, Nongpoh, after helping to build a house. find out that the family really needs to receive that help.
However, personally, I would like to appeal to the heads of colleges and their Management, because the amount of assistance (given to them) if they think carefully, will encourage the students because the purpose and the purpose of providing assistance to these schools is to provide training to our students,” he said.
The PCF said that the Pastor had held a meeting with the leaders of the four parties including the UDP, NPP, BJP and KHNAM on the 5th of this month but the meeting was cancelled. She said that the Steering Committee set up by these four parties for the purpose of searching for candidates has not yet followed up.
He also gave the example of the incident in Langpih when Assam did not own Langpih due to the receipt of compensation from the Assam Government by the families of the people who were killed in the shooting by the Assam police.
The students who are currently in Class X are still in Class VIII in 2020 and have not received any training/syllabus of Class VIII this year.
Fifty years have passed, the workers have been waiting for us the KYNRAD, now we as the employers will order them to work properly and fulfill the tasks we have assigned them.
The purpose of this gathering of the villagers living in Shillong is to show unity, closeness, cooperation and to encourage the villagers to work hard to improve in life to promote their village.
There are some rules that have been approved which need to be followed which are that if possible meetings should be held through online or videoconferencing as much as possible to avoid the spread of Covid
The Rajput Karni Sena has threatened to impose a Janta Curfew on cinemas that screen the film Padmaavat.
The court also urged the authorities to cooperate more closely with the NHIDCL as well as the government to stop the NGOs from interfering with the work and at the same time, to ensure that the construction of the road will be successful. go quickly.
On July 6, 2013, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, while explaining the price of electricity set by the Regulatory Commission, said that the government does not have the authority in fact to set the price. MeECL has been appointed by the Commission.
He said the department on seeing the encouraging signs of successful vaccination rate among the officials, has now opened temporary vaccination sites in some police units, extending its support to the vaccination drive and also providing opportunities to willing and eligible family members of police officials, who have been categorized as 'Priority Targets' to be vaccinated.
Other sources said that UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy has informed the party workers in Garo Hills to prepare themselves for the upcoming elections. MP, who will be elected from Tura Constituency.
Nongpoh: The Meghalaya Urban Affairs Department (MUDA) today evening renamed the MUDA Complex Nongpoh as Nongpoh Town Shopping Complex.
Besides, even at 3 pm, some MLAs did not attend the meeting.
Speaking in the House, u Bah Sawkmie said that from section 3.4 of the CAG report, the CAG has found that the Council has lost revenue because it has not collected VAT. The Council is in a huge loss due to lack of revenue, but in the midst of this loss, he said that when the Council collects money, instead of going into its own budget, it goes into the budget of someone else. “Instead of the money going to the Council's budget, it goes to someone else's budget,” said Process T Sawkmie.
I think the government together with the district authorities have taken measures to raise awareness among the people about the dangers of this disease by distributing leaflets, articles in newspapers, through TV channels. and public announcements in the language we understand.
These songs are then immersed in water in a clean, clean pond.
This happened at 3.30 pm when the universe was still quiet.
Since the time when Meghalaya was under the rule of Assam and even after independence, many bloodshed has happened as a struggle against the infiltration of mynder. the land of Hynniewtrep has been destroyed.
In fact, if there is any mistake, they should not correct it or talk to their neighbors.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: U Samla Gerald A Kurbah, a student of Shillong College, who came to support the protest of Bah Ardent, has demanded that the state government should change the reservation policy. question to the Khasi MLAs who have not said anything on the need to amend the reservation policy according to the demand of the time to allocate shares to any ethnic group according to the number of paid.
The FKJGP South West Khasi Hills District today launched a flag raising ceremony at Mawkyrwat Market, some government offices and all the market places in the South West Khasi Hills District. West Khasi Hills District.
Swaraj was rushed to AIIMS at 9.30 pm but died of a heart attack.
Speaking to media, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the government has taken this decision to prevent the spread of Convid. -19 which has affected all over the world and he also appealed to the people to join hands in this lockdown in the state.
Wildlife does not own food, drink, sleep and even walk; there is no place for them to stand, except those who live in protected forests, reserve forests, sanctuaries and national parks. .
Babu Wilson Readevii.
Prof Goyal made a great contribution on this issue and IIM Shillong was moved to Umsawli during his tenure as Director.
\The Defense Minister of India, Rajnath Singh, in a statement, expressed his deep sorrow over the death of the soldiers and said that the Army is with the families of the soldiers. of these deceased soldiers.
“According to the FIR lodged by Bah Riverskhem, the complainant and his brother-in-law, the deceased, were leaving Umthli village to move the muid of the owner into the house. When they reached Mawshun village, the robber turned the vehicle to the right in order to drop off these muid.
The Bible tells many stories about Jesus' birth.
BSNL's lack of ability to provide services to the people has angered and upset the people especially the students who need to fill out government applications such as application forms, job applications and others. need.
In the second match between the NFU and Sunrisers, the NFU won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 125 runs for the loss of 6 wickets in 20 overs.
On the other hand, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh MLA suggested to the police department to investigate the matter and the government to bring the information to the House.
The former director must set strict conditions before the funds are released.
In Mawkyrwat, the Group C match between Seven United SCC and Lumdiengngan SC ended in a 2-2 draw at the MDSA Football Ground. Mulait United beat Pdengkarong Youth Club 2-1 in the first leg of the Group B match at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
The Government of Meghalaya's ban on Govt aided schools/college teachers who have taught in these minority institutions is not only illegal but also against the Constitution. in India (unconstitutional).
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 06: Leaders of HANM, HYC and UHM from Ri Bhoi District this evening have arrested 25 foreigners who were planning to go to West Khasi Hills to work. These foreign states do not have the right to enter the state.
These voters will decide whether they still want the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government to come back to power or whether they want to bring about change.
A team from the NEC Group of Companies and Micro Gaming from Scotland visited Polo with Bah Hek on Thursday to read and observe and understand the team shooting. space and how to make it contemporary.
Angela said that she went with the youths who own motorcycles to ask for clarification from the government official on the rules and regulations that the government has made regarding commercial motorcycles.
Jwodstina Kharsahnoh from Laitryngew said that she has to drop out of school her three children who have gone to higher classes.
Speaking on the journey of the freedom struggle of India, the Chief Guest reminded all those who witnessed the programme, that the hard work and perseverance of the heroes of the freedom struggle of the country, has brought fruit. India gained independence from British rule on 15th July 1947, under the courageous leadership of Mahatma Gandhi.
Government officials explained that the implementation of the Andhra Pradesh Reorganization Act regarding the release of water from the Krishna River was an implementation plan before the division of the state.
In her welcome speech, Ms Hat hoped that the members of the SHGs under the VO would take advantage of the training they have received and make good use of it.
In the group singing competition, the winner was the Shillong College Choir, while the second and third place went to St Edmunds' College and St. Edmunds' College. St. Mary's College.
On this occasion, it was decided to conduct the training and selection in Shillong in November and March 2022 and a Selection Committee has been appointed to select the participants for the North East Olympic Games
but many of them were not able to shon.
The Minister also expected that through the Technology Park, it will be possible to develop the production of various products from siej through the use of modern technology.
Therefore, regarding this road which has been suspended for more than a decade, the union will meet with the EE of PWD Umsning Division, to find out why this road has been suspended for more than a decade. days, he added.
Even as the 2022-23 season comes to an end, Raphinha has reportedly been linked with a move to Newcastle United, who have offered him a €80 million contract. million).
Bah Rymbai said the government should allow the remaining ones to go for training according to the rules of the government.
“On the part of us, the four organizations together with the people of the area, we have to demand from the contractor who cleaned and built this road, that he should stop first and that he should work according to the rules. in terms of the method of cleaning.
The secretaries include Lakhon Biam, Marian Maring, Arvind Yadav, Bernadatte Lyngdoh, Sujata Chetri and Arandati Paul.
However, now that the Dorbar Mang Tyngka has ended, why are they still delaying and why has nothing been done?
However, after the wickedness of the world, human life span has been shortened until now.
They also said that this incident has affected the feelings of the Kur Khymdeit as a whole.
Shillong, Iaiong 14: The Raid Wahkhen which includes the two villages of Wahkhen and Maw-ah today held a Shad Suk Mynsiem which is called in the Wahkhen language, Shad Suk Mynsiem. and you shad bomb shad ksing.
Gelatin sticks (explosive substance), 100 detonators, 4 cross bows and 15 arrows were recovered from the scene.
On the same day, the union also met with Ambruce Ch Marak, State Project Director of SSA, to get clarification regarding the delay in implementing the new enhancement for this year. The central government approval has been received in the state since June this year, but it has not been implemented in the state till today.
At present, there are still places where garbage is dumped in Jowai such as Seiñraij Market, Shyïap Market, on the footpath near HK Singh SS School, while in Aywthymme, garbage is dumped in dumper trucks.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Hynniewtrep Youths Council (HYC) today arrested 10 drug traffickers and drug users including 2 women.
Police have estimated that the body of the unidentified person, which was found in the river, is the body of a man aged about 20 or 21 years old. every Khasi.
It may be recalled that on 22nd June, the Forest Department had raided 50 shops along the Shillong-Banuin road in Upper Shillong on charges of illegally building on the land. Forest department.
The strong provisions of the Linage Act 1997 can curb this illegal discrimination which can defile our unique nation. .35/1/72-R.U.V (SCT.V) dated 2nd May 1975, explains the exploitation of the Scheduled Tribe/Scheduled Caste status of many and also explains the important issues that should be addressed. KHNAM, therefore, urges the KHADC, which is the custodian of the customs and traditions of the Hynniewtrep people, to expedite the Clang Bill so that it can be passed. to sing to the different countries.
This means that henceforth, advertised vacancies will be based on roster point and no longer based on the number of vacancies advertised.2.
He said that the Ka Lawei project aims at digital learning, which encourages teachers to have a close relationship with the students in terms of education. “There is a desire to improve education in the state,” he said, urging and calling on all government departments to work together to improve education in the state.
The Chief Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District, said that they have not received any written notice regarding the arrest of the policeman.
Two husband and wife have been arrested by the Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) for involvement in drug trafficking in Shillong.
especially in this age when young women want wealth.
Finally, he urged the residents of the village to inform the elders or the Sordar Shnong if they find anyone who is killing fish, wildlife and birds. to take the necessary action and to punish them according to the law, in collaboration with the District Administration and the Police.
Sanjay A Sangma is the incumbent MLA of the National People's Party (NPP) from Mahendraganj constituency.
He added that such an incident has never happened before and it could be the worst disease for the 77 teachers affected.
The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has warned that heavy to heavy rainfall is expected in Shillong and surrounding areas. heavy to very heavy rainfall in many parts of the state.
“It is only the DC of Bhoi District, I, the MLA, don't know anything about this,” said Ma Ngaitlang while speaking at a public meeting held at Pyllun village today.
According to reports, police who arrived later and arrested about five youths who had smuggled kiad from this road on the same night.
With the hope that there is more income than expected.
In the second part of the seminar, Bah Nathaniel Kharkongor, Senior Manager, PRIME, was the keynote speaker. Entrepreneurship and Government Support.
“This is a political ploy of the Congress because it has no choice but to spread false news against the BJP because in the last three years of Narendra Modi's government, there has been no corruption. in the government," Kohli said.
Secondly, the fear of losing power kills the conscience and people are reluctant to commit crimes and to walk the path that is not just to gain power.
Shillong, July 6: On arrival in Shillong to be sworn in as the new Governor of Meghalaya, U Keshari Nath Tripathi said that the most urgent need in the state is a good road and an airport. He said this at the meeting after being sworn in as the Governor of the State by the Acting Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Uma Nath. Singh today at Raj Bhavan.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 14: In the midst of the celebration of Children's Day to commemorate the birth anniversary of Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, the first Prime Minister of India, Nongpoh MLA Bah Mayral Born Syiem today handed over a complete school building to St. Anthony's Secondary School, Kharpati in Ri-Bhoi District as well as a public toilet and to take part in the celebration with the students of the school. .
The VPP also criticized the arrogance of the Government Ministers, saying, “If the Prime Minister, the Prime Minister Synbud and other Ministers can and have time to travel abroad, why can't they? to talk to or meet with teachers".
The Church is now preparing for this Assembly.
We pray that God will convince the people in charge and those in power to stop immediately such a bloody incident, which is unacceptable in society,” said Bishop Wilbert. Marijuana.
Ekitike scored the first goal for PSG in the 17th minute, following an assist from Warren Zaire-Emery.
It is also a busy time in terms of holding various programs such as scheme distribution meetings, awarding programmes, festivals, sports programs and others.
Police have started the operation since Tuesday and yesterday there was a shootout in the area but no one was killed.
Isawanda Laloo Secretary, Agriculture and Farmers Welfare Department and other government officials were also present.
All those who paid money for the recruitment have been questioned by the police.
This happened six months after the party went ahead to ask the Hima Mylliem to suspend.
He said that self-employment is one of the ways for the youth to stand on their own feet as government jobs are no longer available.
Sd-.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 17: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawshynrut Circle on Friday met with the SDO Civil Sub Division to demand the introduction of the Biometric Attendance System (BAS). lack of punctuality of employees and also in the lack of punctuality inside the C&RD Block Mawshynrut office and at the Mawshynrut Civil Office.
Scientists from Pehle India also noted that most musli musla have been dyed with chromate, which is the stem dye that makes the shynrai.
Ohiwot Laloo, District Commissioner Scouts, West Jaintia Hills in his speech said that it is a day to remember the value of the scarf for each and every member of the Scouts-Guides Movement. it is not to help the nation.
The JSU Jowai Circle President Aplang Lamare and the JSU Jowai Circle President Wansalan Dame Patwet, General Secretary have urged the MCH to resume its services as it has been established in Jowai to provide adequate services to the people of Jaintia Hills. , especially for the sick and pregnant women and children to get adequate treatment such as OPD, ICU, NICU, OD, Labor Room and other facilities at MCH. Nongpoh, July 23: In one incident , a youth has escaped from the robbery and robbery of his wallet by unidentified persons after he withdrew money and left the State Bank of India at Amjok, Byrnihat. The incident happened at 11:40 pm when Sahil Jaman Passah of Amjok village went to the State Bank of India to withdraw money. While he was walking, a Pulsar 220 motorcycle (AS 13 M 9065) carrying two persons came out of the bank and robbed him of his money bag. Fortunately, he was able to hold on to the pla and they didn't catch him until he fell to the ground and broke his hand.
He also directed the people to be very vigilant at such times and not to listen to any inappropriate calls, but which will cause trouble to them.
By the end of the second day, the team of West Jaintia Hills has managed to win four out of five categories followed by the team of West Jaintia Hills. Ri-Bhoi won two gold medals while South West and East Khasi won one gold medal each.
He said that the long journey by motorcycle did not cost them a single penny, because their food and drink was provided by friends, sympathetic families, while the bills were provided by them. Petrol and Diesel were supplied by the benefactors.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Ordinance is no longer necessary as the government has already agreed to demand ILP in the state.
Nongpoh, June 21: The National People's Youth Front (NYF) today confirmed its full leaders in Ri Bhoi District. The National People's Youth Front (NPP) Ri Bhoi District has elected its new leaders under the banner of the NYPF. These leaders were confirmed by the State President of the NPYF, Samla Kitbor Nongrem at a meeting held today at the Parish Hall, Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District.
In the Under-18 category, Sein Jait Tuber Higher Secondary School, Tuberkmai Shnong won the Best Team title with three gold, one silver and one bronze medals.
The decision came after his wife, Melinda, said that her marriage to Bill was very difficult.
It is learned that the groups or individuals who plant the trees end up planting the trees, but they don't have the knowledge whether the trees are alive and growing or not.
Shillong, March 30: The BJP leaders in Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, have been arrested for their inability to persuade MLAs to contest from the BJP. He said that he will fight for himself in which he has talked and met with many MLAs who want to contest from the BJP in the upcoming MLA elections in the state.
From the struggles for gender equality to the struggle for environmental protection and preservation, the struggles for labor rights and much more.
The competition was organized in collaboration with the Meghalaya Aids Control Society.
On the 7th, the woman went home and found that everything in the house had burnt down.
The performers were a new group called T Na U Bnai, Saphina Kharhunai and Aanya Kharhunai, children of Bah Rana Kharkongor, and the surs of Bah Tanbor. Singer by Adlyne Khonglam.
Stevan Wallace Dkhar came second in Junior Boys Full Contact and Lorenza Songthiang came second in Senior Women Light Contact. Lynshing Senior light contact, Mebaniaidshaphrang Kharumnuid in junior boys kicklight, Wander Maring Senior light contact and Sumarlang Marwein Senior in lowkick.
The North East Students Organization (NESO) has warned the Central Government not to formulate or implement policies that are against the welfare of the people of the North East.
“The Government says that there is no truck carrying coal but when the truck carrying coal turns over, where does the coal come out?” said Bah Kharkrang.
Many districts were severely damaged and affected by the Russian attack that night.
This includes EGH: 03 (Others), EJH: 22 (Others), EKH: 548 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –03, Others–545), NGH: 06 (Others), RBD: 92 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –05, Others–87), SGH: 06 (Others), SWGH: 07(Others), SWKH: 02 (Others), WGH: 22 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –04, Others–18) and WJH: 44 (Others).
Speaking on the issue, Bah HS Shylla, former CEM of KHADC, said that whether there is a menshohnoh or not, it will be confirmed after a youth who survived. Lambha Nongrum will have a healthy body so that he can confess and prove what happened to him.
Shillong, Nailar 8: On the 12th of this month, at 9 pm, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) under the leadership of Bah Ardent Basa Iawmoit in collaboration with the Hima Mylliem will hold a public meeting at Motphran to explain to the market dwellers and the public on the measures that the KHADC and the Hima Mylliem will take from now on in order to restore the cleanliness and cleanliness of the market which is in the midst of cleanliness in these days. day.
What is the income of the State? The contribution of factories or consumers through Corporate Social Responsibility is very low.
However, the best way to protect the potatoes from this bacterial disease is to keep them in a cold room because these bacteria cannot grow rapidly in the cold, and therefore the potatoes can to stay long.
He said that until now the party is still one, but he cannot explain what will happen in the future.
Ronaldo wrote the sad news on social media, in which he told about the incident and appealed to his fans not to interfere in their domestic affairs.
Shillong: Meghalaya tried their best to win the Vijay Hazare Trophy in the first leg of the Vijay Hazare Trophy. in Jaipur.
Meanwhile, Bah Kynpham Lyngkhoi explained a little bit about the rules of shooting because in the tournament there are rules that the contestants have to know. three by three and four by one man, and five spears on both sides.
The body of St John's Higher Secondary School teacher, Mairan Ranger was handed over to the relatives and taken to Darjeeling for the last rites while the rest of the body was handed over to the driver. Sanjay Swargiary was handed over to his family members for the last rites at his residence in Bongaigoan.
It is similar to the violence of the Taliban rulers in Afghanistan to prevent women from attending schools and universities to study.
Rahman was arrested along with Lalremthanga, former Managing Director of MAMCO in 2015 for their involvement in the misappropriation of T.268 lakh.
Born on 8th November 1938 in Shillong, he has had this special talent since he was a child.
The program was attended by 82 volunteers, Principals, Vice Principals and Program Officers of the NSS Unit. Certificates were distributed to the winners and participants.
Therefore, I urge Bah Nongrum and his supporters to stop the strike as the state government has taken action on the Village Administration Bill,” he said.
The chairman of ARPA said that the SKRS has a responsibility to serve the people and they cannot be under anyone or ruled by the political parties in the Council.
We are determined to build a state that can stand on its own by promoting the products produced in the state.
Roy said that according to the government, it is the duty of the Meghalaya Economic Development Council to advise the government on how to increase income generating activities or to increase the However, in the past 5 years, the Council has not held a single meeting to discuss the development of the state. economy.
When his preaching was finished, I said to the people, 'Let us leave here and burn this church of God according to the teachings of this preacher.
In a statement, Bah C Doloi, President of FKJGP Western Zone, said that the FKJGP Western Zone is deeply saddened by the fact that teachers, besides the heavy responsibility of serving the schools, are also involved in the election duty, as the elections will be held in a few months next year.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has demanded that the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) should not turn off electricity in the state especially during the examination period. children because it will affect their education.
According to section 6(1) of the Indian Coinage Act 2011, all coins are valid and can be bought and sold.
What Ampareen said is true.
We also want to improve the road.
In the final of the Under-14 boys, Umphyrnai Press School won the final.
At the same time we should not be afraid.
The great help of the children of Jaintia Hills (the Pnars living in the middle), the Wars (now called War Jaintia) on the Bangladesh side and the Bhoi (now called Karbi) cannot be overlooked. ) who live in the north.
“If the NDA Government continues to give wealth to the District Councils, it will be lucky and perhaps many of our leaders if they don't win MLAs, it is enough for them to become MLAs. But if this scheme doesn't come regularly and it's only once, it will turn into a threat to the MUA Government or the 2018 election, because in my opinion first of all The MUA government does not have any special assistance for the MDCs and at the same time it is a big headache for the MDCs, because many of the MDCs now have but after a few days and months it has been seen in the newspapers to prove that many MDCs may have turned away from the PDF perhaps not getting I confirm that this is a lyer bih for the leaders especially for the MDCs in the District Council.
For example, in the past when the Khasi and Pnar were united under the United Khasi & Jaintia Hills, they felt close but now that they have gone their own way, is it possible that the Khasi should think of the future of the Pnar, Bhoi or War and so on.
Speaking to the public, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, said that as a leader, he has faced many challenges in his journey as a leader from Nongpoh and what he regretted most was after he found I am sorry that there have been people who have violated the rights or interests of the people, which is on the road from Nongpoh-Umden to Sunapur, which has been funded since 2022, but only because of obstructions, which has caused the road to remain unused until now.
After this victory, Fils will face a tougher match against Holger Rune.
1939 -1945:-Second World War.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are still many candidates who have not yet announced which party will contest the election or whether they will contest as independent candidates. In Ri Bhoi District, it has been seen and witnessed that those candidates who intend to contest this election have started to lose sleep and also to go to every village to ask for the support of the people.
A 70-year-old man has been arrested by the Ri-Bhoi District Police on charges of raping a child.
KSU Namdong Unit Vice President Timing Lyngdoh and General Secretary Juhi Tariang said that the solar panels have been lost for about three months.
Top Gun: Maverick was released in January 2022 and has grossed $1.48 billion worldwide.
East Khasi Hills, which used to come first, has 242 new cases, Ribhoi District 18 cases and West Garo Hills 16 cases.
After that, a case was registered at Shallang Police Station.
On the other hand, the Minister said that in these months the government has been able to provide about 25 artificial courts including badminton and table tennis courts across the state.
He alleged that the BSF has harassed the villagers and confiscated their property. “We strongly condemn the actions of the BSF by conducting illegal searches of their property. residents of Amlarem and surrounding villages"
The coal traders and timber supply traders don't care about the deterioration of the road even to support the demands of the villagers from the government.
Similarly, to win the Christians of the North East, you must have Christian candidates.
It is shocking that the basic needs of the citizens like health, education, food and livelihood, the State in the last five decades has not been able to provide them to the citizens and is the worst performing and backward State in these areas.
Many other women have been raped, raped and threatened with death, but no one has comforted them, no one has stood up and no one has felt sorry for them.
It is worth mentioning that there has been a lot of trouble at the hospital where the government has suspended the Director Dr DM Thapa but he has insisted that the action of suspending him is not by the government. the right way.
We must overcome any obstacles that hinder the spirit of unity as a church so that we can accomplish this task”.
The AJYWO also apologizes to the groups that remain in the group of 9 organizations that they should not feel sorry for the group that has had to leave the group. The AJYWO-EJZ Shillong wishes all the remaining members of the group of 9 organizations to continue to serve the country and the nation. July 27: The 24-hour curfew imposed by the HNLC has affected parts of Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
The Minister said that in the last four years, the state has received more than 5000 young athletes from whom those who have special skills will be selected.
“I also believe that only the Congress can bring happiness to the people of the state.
In the U-14 boys category, Elias Memorial High School beat Umpohliew Jingtip High School 2-1 in the U-14 boys' category. Ricky Kharkongor scored two goals for H Elias in the 16th minute, Medonbanshan Kurkalang in the 16th minute and Mebankitlang Mawlong for Umpohliew Jingtip in the 16th minute.
Ladrymbai Dongwah beat Diengshynrum 3-1 in the final of the 4th Independence Day Cup organized by the Youth Development Cell of the East Jaintia District Sports Association (EJDSA).
Whether strong or weak, they have their own physical and spiritual challenges.
The last time Saina competed in the Orleans Masters was at the Orleans Masters and she has been fighting against her illness for a long time until she had to withdraw from the tournament. Badminton Asia Mixed Team Championships in July and also missed out on qualifying for last year's CWG.
Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Kumar Deb has spoken on the basics of how to improve the irrigation system to help the farmers of the region.
Regarding the two schools, the Residential School and the Teacher Training School which have been left lyngkrang without implementation for 8 years, the union has talked to these Directors to review and to talk to the government to implement it as it will benefit the youth of the area from education to employment.
The match between the two teams was very interesting because of the good strength of both sides and also because of the skill of the players from both the teams. This was a great success for all the football fans who came to witness the match.
He urged the youth to use their God-given talents so that they can bring glory to their families and the State as a whole.
The Seng Khasi Mawlai has started its 10th Annual Thanksgiving Festival on Tuesday, 2nd June
“Therefore, if this law can be implemented against the protesting parties, why can't it be implemented against the HNLC? said.
In the final, Chutwakhu beat Mooknor Thadmuthlong 1-0 and Luckyness Khyriem scored the first goal for Chutwakhu in the 9th minute.
She also questioned why the government does not include PPEs and sanitizers in the essential commodities because there is a huge demand for these items and this has caused problems to the families affected. death from this disease because the family members have to wear only a few clothes to bury the dead.
According to information, the truck was coming from Jowai, but when it reached Mawblei, it overturned.
Violet Lyngdoh, along with NPP President Dr WR Kharlukhi, at the party office in Lachumiere on Tuesday.
Among these 5000 people, she said that there are 40 people under the age of 14 years old, and she said that during their visit to their homes, they have faced many difficulties. 400 cases of rape alone, and many other cases.
He said there is a need for unity of the ethnic parties in the region and it will be ensured that the government in Delhi cannot be formed without the ethnic parties from the East.
This shows the Government's commitment to empower women in the state and this increases their share in income generation.
Mukul said the kidnapping and violence in Garo Hills was carried out by gangs on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA as the chief guest, Bah SSR Bamon Principal of Ri Bhoi College, teachers and students who were honoured.
No of posts:- 2 (Two)Pay Scale:- Level-5, Rs.9,200-230-10,810-EB-300-13510-410-18,020/- per month.
Therefore, he hopes that the people will continue to cooperate to carry out many activities and to prepare for the 2023 elections as there are only six months left to work.
Therefore, it is no longer necessary to change now because the inheritance will come only after 2,3 generations and there will be no more tymmen who know the ancestors. same species.
So, he has to take the responsibility and will pay the full amount.
Shillong, July 25: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) in a statement today reminded the government of its proposal for peace talks. The government has sent a letter of peace talks with the government through the media but the government is playing secretly with it.
The High Court has sought answers from commercial vehicles, shops and hotels why they did not open their shops on that day and why the roads were closed on the day of the HNLC curfew despite the government authorities. have been assured from time to time that they have provided an effective security measure.
He said that according to the statistics collected in India, every 2 seconds one person is bitten by a snake and every 30 minutes one person dies from snake bite.
Finally, I request the cooperation of the employers and employees with this Union to facilitate the employers as well as the employers.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Vijay Kumar D, Commissioner & Secretary, Planning Department, said, “We thank all those who voted for the Meghalaya Project to come in 5th position.
Manish Sharma played well and finished with 6/32 in 31 overs.
Shillong, June 05 : The Hynniewtrep People's Front (HPF) of Ri Bhoi District has demanded that the PWD road construction department of the Meghalaya government should immediately repair the road from Marngar to Umden village in Ri Bhoi District. it was too bad.
He said that the two men came in a private vehicle and checked Balkarin's blood pressure and urged him to drink an energy drink.
This will be the first time and he will be the first Prime Minister of the country to stay overnight in Shillong to experience the wind of Meghalaya.
God sent demons and diseases to sympathize with the disobedient people. For example, the 10 plagues on Egypt (Exodus 7-11 chapters).
“At the hostel where we stay together, when there is a problem, we allow Bah Hoping to lead us and there was a time when he took us to meet the Governor,” said Bah Lapang.
