The victims were reportedly sleeping in the parking lot and were consumed by the fire.
As soon as I entered, he greeted me and said, “We meet you, pastor”.
He said that in 2020, one of the clubs from our state, Ryntih Sports Club, will take part in the I-League tournament. was one of those who contributed at that time.
In the semi final against Lion, Luckyness Khyriem scored the winner of the match in the 32nd minute.
Shillong, June 23: The Central Body of the AJYWO (AJYWO) has warned against the wine stores in East Jaintia Hills District which are opening overtime. and not according to the rules of the law.
Although the Congress party in its recent meeting on the re-election of Bah Syiem, the CEM party has admitted that there has been no complaint against the CEM of KHADC and it is only a political matter. However, sources said that there are some Congress leaders who want to remove Bah Syiem from the post and there are also some Congress MDCs who are fond of the post of CEM. somehow it will get into their hands.
The program was held at St Xavier's Secondary School, Nongkhlaw.
“Friends from the UDP, we have worked with you for five years but you have left us now two months before the elections.
When he came from his work, he used to sum but only once, if he came too late, he didn't sum anymore.
She also alleged that the people of the country believed in him but Modi has betrayed their trust.
“We have closed down about 5 shops without trading license and more than 8 shops have been revoked their trading license due to non-compliance with the rules,” said the Superintendent of Enforcement, KHADC. said Bah Polan Sohphoh while talking to reporters.
The meeting also unanimously elected Bah Banbuhai Makdoh as the new President.
Some of the players include Beth Morgan, Nouria Newman, Sofia Reniso, Giovanni De Gennaro and Andi Brunner.
With his third victory in the Malaysia Masters last month, one of the country's stars, HS Prannoy, has now won the Malaysia Masters tournament. Kidambi Srikanth has moved up 10 places to regain the eighth position in the new singles rankings while Kidambi Srikanth has moved up three places to regain the eighth position. shalade has placed in the top 20 and is currently ranked 20th in the table.
“We have met with the DTO and requested him to look into this issue to ensure that the people are not harassed anymore,” he said. public on how to apply for licenses and also that they should follow the rules.
The TMC leaders were welcomed by Bah Macmillan Byrsat, President of the NPP West Khasi Hills together with the leaders of the NPP Nongstoin Block at his residence in Pyndengrei, Nongstoin.
Shillong: The Special Operation Team (SIT) of the West Garo Hills Police District, which started the investigation from the 4th to the 7th of November, 2022, has arrested two suspects. seized 45 stolen bikes and arrested 17 persons.
Jesus' visit to Jerusalem with his disciples was just a few days before the day of his suffering on Thursday and death on the cross.
In Sohra, the minimum temperature was 10.0 degrees Celsius and the minimum temperature was 3.2 degrees Celsius.
In addition, the West Khasi Hills Forest Division has also conducted public awareness campaigns in the villages and social media on the need to preserve the forests.
Speaking as the chief guest, he said that culture is the pillar to protect the nation. If culture is lost, we are all lost. we are influenced by the cultures of other nations which we follow.
The HITO on Saturday closed down the cow market in Mookyndur.
However, now this issue will be resolved by handing over to the authorities in the districts,” he said.
(b) an instruction from the Home Ministry, India to contractors, companies, Government departments to notify and register employees; Finger print those who have been arrested to re-infiltrate like Mohd.
The road is from Jowai to Khliehriat and the distance from Jowai to Wapung Shnong is only 22.2 kilometers.
Police from Assam have tried to stop the Karbi from committing these acts, but the Karbi have not listened and have come to the field. The Lapangap people also gathered a crowd to fight against these Karbi.
The silence of the police department to protect the Khasi people is what they have to answer to the people.
The letter was written on 11th June to all the police stations of West Garo Hills by a DSP officer. they will follow up whether the news is true or not.
Many political parties in Meghalaya have weakened in the last three years while the NPP has become stronger as the strongest political party in the state,” he said.
Many fans of Sushant Singh Rajput believe that Salman is one of the causes of Sushant Singh Rajput's death and that he has taken away the film share of the late actor.
The Meghalaya government has now included the center under the health insurance schemes.
If they want to politicize this issue by creating religious or ethnic differences, they should refrain from disrupting our work but they should settle their minds within their own states,” he said.
For this reason, the previous government has allocated up to 9km of roads to improve in the villages in the Tyrso area, in order to make it a place to attract people to visit the birds that come to the area every year. years in April and May from Siberia, Russia.
From day to day, we witness traffic jams around Shillong and this is not a good sign.
KSU Nongspung Circle has visited the village and donated a donation to the son of Bandari Shangpliang.
The Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department of the State Government has banned the consumption of meat or milk from cows affected by Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD).
He was also the first Vice-Chairman among the Khasi in the Shillong Municipal Board.
He said that through the media it was witnessed that those who opposed were bombed and tied and those who sent the bombs were the owners of the dewbilat factories.
Although Meghalaya has managed to earn up to 100 runs, the production has ended in a draw.
Nangbah Iawmusiang beat Evergreen 1-0 in the first half of the match, Leimiki Dkhar scored the first goal for Nangbah Iawmusiang. In the 18th minute, Mukhla Evergreen didn't score a goal until the end of the first half.
The immersion of idols in rivers is strictly prohibited except in the designated immersion area, and the arrangements for the immersion of idols in an environmentally friendly and time-saving manner should be strictly followed. immerse.
However, the political party, which is still eager to win the elections, will fight hard to reduce the price of commodities, especially beverages and essential items, so that it will not be severely affected during the elections. vote'.
I believe everyone has heard and understood the saying, “Prevention is better than cure”.
“According to the information received, the Forest Department of the Assam Government has forcibly crossed the border in this village and this is illegal as Lumdorbar is a village which still falls under Meghalaya. " he said.
The Seng led by Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon, accompanied by MLA Mawlai and Mawryngkneng and other leaders, sent a letter to the Prime Minister to express their gratitude for the government's honour. The Seng has demanded the appointment of an Expert Committee to review the amendment of the Reservation Policy.
The Meghalaya Bank Employees Association (MBEA) will hold its 11th Conference on the 25th of this month at the Conference Hall of Apex Bank, Head Office, GS Road. at 2:30 p.m.
The lack of knowledge leads to frustration and despair, therefore the sharing of the necessary information is the key to success in any task.
There have been about 190 cases of visa fraud recorded this year till October.
Twinkle Khanna also paid tribute to her mother, Dimple Kapadia, who raised her and took care of her. father's birth, because it grows up, in the care of the mother.
Thus they have the clothes and the tools of the house.
He writes 40 articles in the newspaper, he calls for talks, but he is not here because he is on leave,” said JAC Chairman, Prof. Lakhon Kma.
The wicked does not know a single rule that he has been given to follow; but he speaks like that snake that will fall into the 'ruh' of the shopkeepers.
The time has come for God to put an end to the preaching of the Gospel soon, and soon, to the nations of the earth.
Dr. Hamlet Bareh in his book, “The History and Culture of the Khasi People” says, “In 1863 Mile delivered large plots of land in Shillong Town for the establishment of military cantonment and sanitorium to the Government.
These newly elected leaders of the UDP-Nongkpdeng Unit are Bah Samuel Biam President and Finance Secretary of the UDP-Mawlai Circle Youth Wing; , E Biam Asst Sports Secretary, C Syiemiong Publicity Secretary, Kong B Thabah Asst Genl Secretary, O Rynjah, Denis Marwein Social Secretary, Alex Mukhim, R.Dhar Publicity Secretary, Mickey Lamare Organizing Secretary, Risuk Mawlein Edu Secretary, O.Nongkynrih President Sub Unit A&B, and Members Bah S Snaitang, N Biam, B Rani, Shailin Syiemiong, R Jyrwa, James Mawlong, S Kharsawian and Ryntathiang.
Similarly, regarding the District Jail which has not been completed for many decades, Bah Gabriel said in the Assembly.
Syiem Khynnah said that the Hima Mylliem has done as directed by the District Council to listen to the grievances and complaints of the ministers but the ministers of the opposition have spoken to the people to oppose. the King by bringing distrust to the King.
The ADG was welcomed by the IG of BSF Meghalaya Harbax Singh Dhillon along with senior officers of the BSF. He also informed about the challenges faced by the BSF in the border patrolling and the measures taken to combat these challenges.
Sahame Lyngdoh (4), Lovingstar Suting (48) and Nickyboy Swer (50) scored the goals.
Mandal said that the name of Bah Kyndiah should have been in golden letters and said that this is a book that was planned to be published since the time of his lifetime. Lamphang Dorbar Barim, but there are reasons, which cannot be avoided, which have prevented the publication of this book at that time, while Bah Kyndiah was still alive.
The meeting was held at Jerusalem Square Jowai on Thursday under the chairmanship of Banaras Dhar, General Secretary Khliehriat Block and keynote address by Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat, President of the Union.
The call was received by the Mumbai Police Control Room at Emergency Number
They also encouraged the children in the area to play such games.
The dongmusa will be taken to Tura West Garo Hills where the tournament will be held from 15th to 20th July.
The AIUPSC is for Muslim students and candidates.
Under the e-ITec initiative of the Ministry of External Affairs, Government of India, two Online International Training Programs including an International Training Program on Management Systems and an International Training Program on Laboratory Quality Management System and Internal Audit as per IS/ISO/IEC 17025:2017" was held in October 2021 with the participation of 83 delegates.
The Chief Minister of West Bengal, Mamata Banerjee will be the chief guest.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the President of the Sohra Government College Students' Union, Samla Ethylberth Khongrymmai said that the Minister has been informed about the shortage of teachers for the Education Department. Two teachers who are still in Williamnagar will be sent soon.
This year's theme of the Met Gala is Karl Lagerfeld: A Line of Beauty.
“In the past, the same issues of declaration as an Official Language depended on the definition of the meaning of the word Official Language.
It is worth mentioning that the plan to build this school has been going on since the time of the Congress government.
Erwin K Syiem Sutnga said that many vehicles carrying jhur and food items to sell in Smit have been driven away by the police because many people do not understand the rules to drive through Smit. odd and even numbers while many trucks from Assam are allowed to sell goods even in Mawlai.
Has the spirit of gratitude to those who do good and lead the society disappeared and there is only a tendency to divide among us instead of being strong relationships with those who have responsibility for the society?
He said that this road is very important for the area, as it connects to many villages, at the same time it is a border road and connects to Assam.
After retiring from football, Bah Shilling went on to assist as coach of the Umpling Sports Club and other teams have participated in the SSA Football League.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced that the exercise will end on the 19th of November.
“Because if I take it, I will betray my children, my family, and my inheritance.
Conrad recalled that the issue has been discussed in the State Legislative Assembly and the Office Memorandum has already been issued by the Government of India but the State Government has not yet issued the OM related to this issue.
He said that India will become the third largest economy in the world.
The DRDA has directed the BDO to implement the work according to the plan and estimates.
According to the Sordar of Lyngkhat, these five persons are the residents of Lyngkhat, who have refused to register their names to vote from Lyngkhat.
At the same time, he said that before the general election next year, the collection of names will start again and they will be included in the Electoral Roll before the election. cast their votes during elections as full citizens of India.
In connection with this stingy behavior of the department, the residents of Raid Madan Kyrdem have been ready to march to the MePDCL office at Umiam, Ri- Bhoi district or to any office related to the electricity department, to demand a protest by the people to get their rights against the inability of the department to provide electricity in all the villages. Raid and other neighboring villages.
However, they suspect that there may be other reasons for the death of fish in the river.
Shillong, Nailar 22: While the government has encouraged school children to take computer courses in schools, it is surprising that it has sent salaries to the parents of the students. in the state of Meghalaya.
Because when as parents we try our best to keep our children from temptation but they get the answer that “Temptation is not a sin” even though we know that temptation never comes from Him. God.
Ukraine has admitted that more than 10,000 people were hiding inside the factory, or underground, but Russia has continued to shell.
Although the government has imposed many measures to curb the spread of the disease, if the residents do not take responsibility to follow the protocols even at home, this will put the state in a dangerous situation. “It's a big deal,” he added.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has already lodged a complaint against 35 people who went to take part in a wedding ceremony held at Greenwood Resort Assam. ejahar to 4 people.
Dey, who pleaded for the postponement of the case under Section 186/506 IPC, which was pending in the court of NM Momin, Judicial Magistrate First Class, Shillong, after the High Court wanted the lower court to postpone the case. should be taken to hear this case.
At the same time, the party also sent a statement to all the village leaders of Bri u Hynniewtrep that from now on they should not issue village syrnot or NOC to foreigners as the receipt of syrnot and NOC will affect and will lead to the violation of the right of ownership of the indigenous people.
The time has also come for groups that seek information through RTI to investigate development projects that reach the villages.
Her father, Rubi Binong, who brought her body to his home at Marngar in Nongpoh on Friday, suspected that the brothers and sisters who attended the school were more on it, it may lead to the death of your son.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Phewse you are not lyngai as a servant.
(xii) to dispel or remove from the stereotypes that women cannot participate in local governance.
Baweja is a Chartered Accountant with more than 33 years of experience in managing financial and business operations in many fields.
When inquired from some of the independent MDCs, they said that the EC will remain stable under the leadership of Bah Pynshngain and they want him to remain until the end of this term.
Misheck, who has 151 children and sleeps with his four wives every night, said he doesn't work at all, but wants to provide for their needs. your husband.
Members of the HYC Upper Shillong Circle, General Secretary of the HYC Gee Mawlong, said that the HYC Upper Shillong Circle has found many small plastic bags and large bags. The union suspects that the plastic bag may have been the bread of the people in charge of the ration distribution. He said that it has been identified that the sugar has been smuggled from the plastic bag to another place. the song to get die duh.
The severe cold weather in March – April, 2015, has destroyed not only houses but especially crops which have destroyed thousands of crops. The farmers of West Khasi Hills especially Mawthadraishan have demanded that the government should expedite the distribution of assistance as they have not yet received even a penny from the government.
But they can't.
In the U-23 Col CK Nayudu Trophy, 17 wickets were lost on the opening day.
Meghalaya has only two Lok Sabha constituencies, Shillong and Tura.
This shows that the High Court has lost confidence in the state police and has had to send in the Central Police.
Regarding the candidates, Bah Adelbert Nongrum said, “We have to be careful if there are those who want to take advantage before deciding to give tickets. Anti Defection Law in the District Council”.
The Apostle Paul reminds and tells Timothy, “My time of departure is at hand” (2 Timothy 4:6).
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 26: The CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah PN Syiem, on Tuesday announced that the District Council through Arts and Culture, A statue of Maieid Hoping will be erected in Nongstoiñ at a cost of 6 lakh tyngka.
Jowai, Nailur 05 : The Independence Day Cup U-17 Football Tournament 2022 was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai as part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the Football Tournament. The tournament has been going on until now and today we have played 5 matches.
The SP said that there are still some people involved in this incident who have fled the scene and the search is ongoing to arrest them.
“We have allocated $50 million to upgrade and build these Anganwadi Centres,” he said. “As I said, we have already signed a social loan agreement for these projects. through the ADB Project and the grants we receive through MGNREGS”.
Because the seeds are very small, they are cleaned with soil or fire before sowing so that the seeds do not cluster in one place.
Mobile phone is one of the most powerful tools of this age, and all the evidence that even a child under 2 years old has been able to use it, especially children who have studied in classes VI Year.
The people of the village live on agriculture and the main crops are kwai, sying and rice.
The by-elections were held in Meghalaya, Arunachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir, Jharkhand, Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Telengana.
In South Garo Hills, there are 6 cases, in South West Garo Hills, 6 cases, in South West Khasi Hills, 14 cases, 6 cases in Khonjoy Cluster and 3 cases in Mawten Cluster.
Mukroh village is located on the border with West Karbi Anglong district, which is not part of Assam, but is located in Meghalaya.
The aim of this Dorbar Khynnah is to bring together the children in the village to work together for many issues that build the community.
Kejriwal is currently under house arrest and all his programs have been cancelled.
In Group-D, Atong Matgrik FC will play against Khliehmawlieh YC at 3pm.
It is to be recalled that the KSU has already announced that it will hold a protest from 25th November by sleeping on the road in Khliehriat.
The Lions have qualified for the semifinals after beating Iawmulong Nartiang 3-0 in the 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA). at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
It also demanded that the group should seek further clarification from the DC regarding the PRC issued to Ayush,” the group said.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the employment quota of the state has been increased in the field of education for the youth of the state, although the policy has not mentioned this.
Speaking on the occasion, the Group Commander of the NCC Meghalaya Group, Brig.
Even one of their famous religions called Chomangkan was inherited from the Pnars.
Mahua showed a video on X of her being raped by Delhi police and angrily screaming, “Why did you do so much? Don't you know, that she is an MP?) and then goes on to say “This is what they do to MPs of that country, the greatest, democracy and that too, after a certain amount of time, to meet “It's a good idea to have a meeting with the Government of India, but after waiting for three hours, it has not been able to meet,” said Moitra.
There is nothing that cannot be compared to the faith of God.
A group of tourism operators along the Umngot River as well as in War Jaintia have strongly opposed MeECL's plan to dam the Umngot River in Moosakhia for the purpose of generating electricity.
He said wasn't it during the time of Lahkmen and said that the records will explain what Lahkmen could not do in the State and Amlarem Constituency.
The meeting will be held at the Khasi National Durbar Hall on the 24th of this month from 11 am.
Therefore, Jesus Christ wants all those who have believed in His followers to be a spiritual light to enlighten others who are in darkness who do not yet know the light of God and that light. and the light of God shall shine upon all men.
The chief guest on the occasion was Kong Roshan Warjri, former leader of the area in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong of the area, Bah Arwan S Tariang, Bah Ransom Sutnga and the village officials.
Shillong: On 18th October 2021, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, appealed to all the citizens of the state, to come forward to get the vaccine. injection Covidshield to protect them from the infection of Covid 19 after the outbreak of Covid 19 in the state in 2020 and which continues today.
This house was built beautifully by the Jaintia King himself after he conquered this place in a fierce battle with the Dkhar kings.
“We demand that the law of the country should stand and they (BSF) should be punished according to the actions they have taken because they crossed the border, which led to the death of Bah Roning,” he said. state.
Shillong: The All Jaintia Hills Social Welfare Organization (AJHSWO) and the Hynniewtrep Student Union (HSU) have received a complaint from Rose Salva Shullai, a manufacturer and supplier of rice. ) in Salini Colony, Mihmyntdu Village, West Jaintia Hills, where its license has been in force since 3/06/2015 and it also has License No. /2019.
“The welcome ceremony will be held at Madan Shad Mawphlang at 11 pm.
He said he thanked God for the Missionaries who came to set foot in this area, the first immigrants to accept the Church and for making it grow to this point.
This shows the greatness of our God.
Outcomes and quality of education; ii.
KSU NKHD Unit General Secretary James H Mawphiang, KSU NKHEBA President Banjop Maring, Umktieh Pyllun Village Secretary Bah Romesh were also present at the ceremony. Richardroy Lyngdoh Nonglait was confirmed as the President of the KSU NKHD Unit and KSU NKHEBA. KSU Umktieh Unit and Samla Pyrkhatbha Shabong as President of KSU Mawtneng Unit.
Speaking to reporters, the Secretary to the EC of KHADC, B.Basaiawmoit, said that at 12:00 pm, there was a stir outside the KHADC. enter inside.
Therefore, through this statement, we would like to apologize and request to all our fellow countrymen especially to the members of the Catholic Church and the family members of Father Sngi that you please do not blame us for our mistakes. person.
He tried to catch the ball and this caused opposition from some Pakistani players and coaches.
He said that on the first day of July 5, which was ordered by the DC, many drivers refused to go to Motphran and Khyndailad, but until midday no one stopped them and they continued until today.
“But by the grace of God, my relatives were saved.
This man worked righteously, worked hard until his old age to improve his family.
Especially in Umkiang market, this road has turned into a dirt road.
The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) on the 3rd of this month urged the Director General of Police (DGP), Kong Idashisha Nongrang to intervene in many cases. including the strengthening of Border Police Outposts (BOPs) and the fight against drugs and other illegal drugs.
At this ceremony, the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, took part in the ceremony to honor Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat, the resident of Tympang Ïawmusiang Jowai for his social work and the establishment of the Trade Union Union. Government departments, house builders, school teachers, day laborers and other poor people especially in Jaintia Hills and Meghalaya as well.
Nongpoh: Leaders of three civil society groups, including the HNYF, UHM and HITO, today evening deported 23 undocumented foreigners who intended to come to work. Pom siej in one of the places in the Jirang area.
Shillong: The HSPDP wants the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) to continue contesting the upcoming MP and MDC elections.
This is an inhuman treatment of the elders of the Khasi-Pnar people.
Shillong: The City Bus operators in a meeting with Rupang, have revealed that they have suffered a huge loss of up to half of their income since the ban on metor services.
“As it is, there are about 3-4 people who have applied for tickets,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
The meeting was attended by officials from Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Mizoram, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Karnataka, Gujarat and Uttar Pradesh.
The accusation against us is baseless.
“This shows that their thinking is only in the air, all the states in the East have ILP but here is nothing to prevent the arrival of 17 lakh Hindu Bangladeshis,” he said.
The incident happened at Dalia village near Shella, East Khasi Hills District at about 8 pm, when BSF troops on patrol blocked the road of a group of smugglers. sugar, rice and other commodities at low prices to Bangladesh.
Thomas Passah has confirmed that he will contest on the KHNAM ticket in the MDC elections from Jaïaw constituency next year.
Both the teams played hard from the start, but until the end of the match they failed to score many chances.
Neither leaders today are more interested in money than the foundation.
JHDS is also the organization that runs two Government Hospitals namely Sahsniang PHC and Barato PHC and through these JHDS has provided adequate services for more than 50 years to many villages under the jurisdiction of JHDS. On this occasion, the Waheh of these two PHCs, U Ma.
Do you know that by the words of the doctors, half of the disease has already been cured? Doctors, nurses and all you officials and government employees, know that your salary is paid by the revenue collected from these paid knup paid trab.
Gevanroy Suchiang, vice president Kampher Phawa, general secretary Michael Talang, assistant secretary Pynyoladmiki Dhar, organizing secretary Syiemki Supuh, finance secretary Kynmo Phawa, sport secretary Heihokmi Phawa, assistant finance secretary Phinku Shylla, publicity secretary Rimi Phawa and publicity secretary Rimi Phawa were elected president. secretary Paulus Syad.
“It would be very pleasant if the MLA from Pynthorumkhrah who has won seven terms and is also a Minister of State, Bah Alexander Laloo Hek, becomes the candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency in the Lok Sabha 2024 election,” said the spokesperson. the BJP is Mr. M Kharkrang.
Ladthalaboh's second goal came at the start of the second half after Mulait goalkeeper missed the ball and Nickyboy Swer didn't waste his chance.
The meeting was convened by Bah Damian Lyngdoh Marshillong, one of the three candidates for the HSPDP ticket. Also present were Damian Lyngdoh Marshillong, Advisor of HSPDP Myriaw Area, Shining Marwein, Secretary of HSPSP Markasa, Spring Nongphud President of Myriaw Area Zone, BK Budnah Sordar of Nongkasen. who also conducted the meeting.
“It is surprising that the Government of Meghalaya has forgotten to invite the media from the state.
Kyrmen Shylla will hold the post of Revenue and Disaster Management, Excise and Social Welfare.
In North Garo Hills, there is only one high risk contact.
Israel is now a Super Power in Science and Technology.
Before the end of the first half, Abhijit Sarkar scored the second goal for Sudeva Delhi to give the team a 2-0 lead by the end of the first half.
Is it just a job for them to make a name for themselves and make money? Is it just the responsibility of the Government of Meghalaya to mislead the people of the state? When we go to the west of Meghalaya, we find that there is no proper border.
They urged the MLAs of Ri Bhoi to follow the initiative led by the MLAs of Ri Lum Jaintia, who regardless of whether they are in the government or not, but are quick to for opposing for thinking of the future.
The newly appointed President of KNGCSU Dawyoo Lyngdoh promised to look into the demands of the college from the playground, the coloring of the college and the launch of new courses of the college and others.
He said that as a leader he wants to promote sports in the area by providing sports grounds and stadiums.
The song was performed by the Khasi tyngshop and puron, including Badonjingmut Lyngdoh Nongrang and Sherilin Khongwar.
According to the residents of Robert Hospital, they said that earlier in the day, they saw that ambulance vehicles entered the hospital to admit patients. two entered.
Do you think that we lack those skilled workers at this time or is it the lack of attention of the Government to scrutinize those skilled workers? There is a saying that the job itself will explain, but the sad thing is that these young people don't have the opportunity especially in this State to get these work experiences and in the end, they have to leave. other States to work even though they receive less pay than if they were unemployed in their own State.
After leaving the SP's room, they took us to Lad Rymbai and did not allow us to arrange this matter.
Three issues have been raised by the JSU in the discussions before the government decides on the border between Meghalaya-Assam, which has been discussed by the state government in the past few days.
““Niuma, it is encouraging to know that on this important historical occasion, the 75th anniversary of India's Independence, there is a village in Ri Bhoi District, called Umlakhar, where the residents of “We have been in darkness without electricity for four months by the end of April 2022,” he said.
Raikut Dkhar scored 21 runs from 10 balls while Waibhah Ryngkhlem of Khimmusniang took six wickets in seven overs.
This law shall not apply to the security forces who are in office, and this law shall not apply today until further notice.
At the same time, the Church strongly condemns the robbery, arson and looting of property, burning of churches and killing and torturing of innocent residents.
The temple is also equipped with air conditioning, where the idols are protected from the heat during the rainy season.
The largest departments which have not yet sent UCs and the remaining funds from the Grant-in-Aid list include Community and Rural Development with 1137.40 crore or 47.92%. , Planning Department with Rs 457.58 crore or 19.28%, Health and Family Welfare Department with Rs 272.22 crore or 11.47%, Social Welfare Department with Rs 198.99 crore or 8.38%, Education and Human Resource Development with Rs 7.7 crore or 72.1 and the Border Areas Development Department with Rs 37.36 crore or 1.57 percent.
Look at the people who enter and leave and you don't know who is the mynder, who is the owner of the country, who is the owner of the village and so on.
Archbishop Dominic Jala.
However, in the semi final, Laitkor beat Lumparing 4-1 to qualify for the final.
With this ability, personal assistants such as Siri and Alexa have emerged that can understand the words we use and respond and perform voice commands.
He said that the DC has said that the clothes shops of these market dwellers will be discussed on that day.
Expressing that Manipur is facing the most difficult situation and needs the support of all the North Eastern States at this time, the Chief Minister said that there is also the concern of the people of Manipur. The arrival of people from one State to Meghalaya.
He also informed that for the correction of spelling mistakes in the electoral rolls, there are forms 6, 6A and 6 B or forms 7 and 8 which they have to fill up with the date. The deadline for receipt of these forms is 8th November
Of these, 127 cases were reported from East Khasi Hills.
In fact “the hand of the Lord” is not “too short “, to help “to save", nor His ear heavy, so that it cannot hear; but your iniquities have separated between you and your God, and your sins have hid his face from you, that he will not hear.
He said that in Mawïamsyiem, the government has not released even the census which has been collected earlier.
In this age of science, God has also revealed through science that it has been found that Jesus who died and was buried in linen cloths had no body but that he was resurrected.
In the upcoming election in 2023, the people have decided that they will not be able to vote, because until their death they will not be included in the electoral roll of Assam.
He said that the bridge is very old since 1931 when it was built by the British, and he requested especially the EE of NH40 to send his staff to inspect immediately and repair it as soon as possible. to avoid any unpleasant incidents caused by this bridge.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) Shillong has been ranked 15th as the best central university in the country according to the 2023 Indian Institutional Ranking Framework (IIRF) announcement.
Only those in the High Level Group were released while the Low Level Group remained closed until the time of writing of this news. more private but there are too many standing along the highway and have not been released yet.
When asked by some of the residents about the part of the road that the contractors have just finished and did not lay stone but only the ground, they said that the part that has been finished is called 8 kilo and they have The worst parts of the 5 kilo area are also the roads below Mawlyndun.
The trees and the shrubs shall die first, by the sword, followed by the mountains, the hills shall be destroyed, the villages shall be destroyed, the land shall be destroyed. who and what shall be paid and so on.
He said that out of deep sorrow over this tragic incident, as a leader of the people, he has informed the Symbut Chief Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong that the state government will The government should expedite the delivery of the Relief Fund to those families who have been severely affected and also that the government will take special care not to affect those families who have lost their homes due to the cyclone. bajur, he added.
Jowai, Jymmang 20: Three MLAs from Jaintia Hills, including Stephanson Mukhim MLA of Amlarem, Justine Dkhar MLA of Khliehriat, Robinus Syngkon MLA of Mookaiaw and two wealthy MLAs from Jaintia Hills, Ma Thomas Nongtdu and Topas Lapasam today met with the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju at his office in New Delhi.
In another match, Super King beat Sunrise by 24 runs.
At present, the price of piat has reached T.90 per kilo while in other parts of the country it has been sold at T.80 per kilo which is more than twice the price in the past four months. depth.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) under the leadership of the BJP candidate, Bah L Michael Kharsyntiew, of the 17-North Shillong constituency, has increased by 10 percent. many supporters began to appear.
“I have directed the Extra Assistant Commissioner to conduct an investigation into the incident.
He said that these people, if they have not received the scheme, should have come out and not just thrown away especially when they themselves have not gone out to the Block.
“The decision of these fellow MDCs to join the Congress party is the right decision and we are happy to work together to strengthen the party in West Jaintia Hills,” said Shullai.
Kenya's Interior Minister Kithure Kindiki on Tuesday said the forest will no longer be the same as it used to be and will be reserved for a memorial. this part.
The retirement will not affect this,” said Conrad.
He also says that he is lucky to have met a good man.
He was taken to NEIGRIHMS by a team of doctors from the Department of Tuberculosis and Respiratory Diseases, NEIGRIHMS under the leadership of Dr. Vijay Noel Nongpiur, Assistant Professor, Dr John Muchahary, Senior Resident and Dr Gideon. Thangkhiew, Junior Resident.
Shillong, Lber 26: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has destroyed T.4.03 crore worth of medicines purchased from the National Health Mission (NRHM). The scheme of the Central Government is not available to the poor in the state.
The meeting was held to discuss the issue of women as special witnesses in society especially as women who are a greater part of the community from behind the scenes. radbah, that is, whether in the home, in the Church, in society and even in the world.
The EM, who is also an MDC of Laitumkhrah, said that the statement of these two MDCs is only misleading to the people and is only a slander against the CEM and his EC.
In the first leg, Seng Khasi College beat Shillong Commerce College 30-11 while St Edmund's College beat Synod College 26-1 14 while St Mary's College beat Lady Keane College 17-9
She also expressed her surprise that the one-man commission appointed by the Meghalaya government has delayed the review of the report and the deadline has been extended for another two months.
Shillong: The Lympung Ki Hynriew Shnong, today met with the Chief Secretary (CS) of the State, MS Rao to demand the removal of those who sell land in the area of ​​GS Road, Motphran and other places. I didn't go to Motphran.
Speaking on the occasion, Blanding said he has applied for the ticket from the Congress and as of now, no others have applied for the ticket. fight this party.
Please listen to my advice, I am older than you (Conrad) and your brother (Dr Mukul).
China's 9-tonne satellite, named Tiangong 1, crashed last night when it crashed and exploded in space while falling to Earth at a speed of 17,0 miles per hour and crashed off the coast of Tahiti, in the Pacific Ocean.
In his speech, he expressed his happiness and praised the students from War Jaintia who have brought glory to the entire war region.
This is also after some countries of the world have lifted these sanctions against China after seeing China's behavior in these days that it has really won the Covid-19 as it has revealed in the past few days.
Cameron saw the man running towards him and immediately turned back and was immediately surrounded by police guards.
However, experts explained that most countries are not doing enough to reduce global warming by 1.5 degrees Celsius as the deadline to achieve this goal draws to a close.
The Congress has two candidates for the Congress ticket, Irene Lyngdoh and Pius.
The order also states that the state government has submitted a magistrate's investigation report and found that they have the necessary documents and have paid the GST on the coal.
Furthermore, the union said that during the visit of the President of the country to the state on the 15th and 16th July 2023 to open the Meghalaya Games 2024 in Tura, it has turned into nothing. This is because vehicles carrying government officials have hit animals on the roads where it has been seen that they have hit a ksew and a blang due to speeding. They cleaned their vehicles even though there were no vehicles or people passing by at that time.
Speaking in oral remarks during the sitting of a bench of Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya, Justice Sanjib Banerjee, Chief Justice, Justice HS Thangkhiew and Justice W. Diengdoh. The CJ said that it was after the Court found that there was no other way to curb the mining and smuggling of coal. The law on coal has to request police from the central government.
These heroes, because of their strength and special deeds, were among them those who received the title of “Mar”.
Jowai, Nailur 12: The 18th meeting of the Union of Catholic Elders of Jowai Diocese, which started on Saturday and ended on On Sunday, Mynkre Church, Parish Lumshnong, East Jaintia Hills District, was a useful meeting and preaching service, where the Elders under the leadership of Mikhael Nongtdu, Adviser of the The Union, they explained carefully what as Rangbah they should do and how to create ways and means to curb many evils especially drugs and other illegal beverages. within the Jaintia Hills.
It is understood that the Khasi people have been severely persecuted, first by the French, then by the Bengalis, then by the Assamese Dkhars because of the sudden establishment of the capital in Shillong to rule the country. Assam which extended to Sylhet before independence in
¢Do not use electrical appliances such as lights as they can cause injury as electricity can pass through these appliances.
The MDA government under the leadership of the NPP has failed in many aspects in its work in the past three years.
When you go to the other side, you will come to a field.
We have not received copies of the bill and so how can we discuss it in the House?” said AAP leader Harpal Cheema, who is also the Leader of the Opposition in the Punjab Assembly.
The Girl's Hostel falls under the Social Welfare Department of the Government of Meghalaya and is funded under the scheme of Article 275 (1) of the Constitution of India, Ministry of Tribal Affairs, Government of India.
As soon as Extraction is released in July Chris will fight to quit before acting.
As part of the celebration of Literacy Day and also to spread the message of education on the special theme 'Promoting Literacy for a World in Transition: Building the Foundation for Sustainable and Peaceful Societies.
Brightstarwell said this while talking to media at the Civil Hospital Shillong on Tuesday while expressing his condolences to the family members of Larisa Ïawrod who are awaiting the post mortem.
After the start of the second half, Mawmang FC had more control over the ball than Nongdawah FC and in the 72nd minute Mawmang FC had a big chance. Mark Diendoh had a chance to score the first goal of the match but Nongdawah defender Atlanson saved the ball with a hand that didn't have any strength with his foot and the ball didn't go. The referee immediately sent a red card to Atlanson.
We cannot say that as a nation we have faced many difficulties and challenges since the past and until now.
-Goalpara (Assam).
Pope Francis has appointed Bishop Victor Lyngdoh as the Archbishop of the Diocese of Shillong. Jowai from 2021 to date.
“It is because of the mercies of the Lord that we have not been destroyed, for his compassions fail not.
However, the estimate of the results of those parties that are not ready to reach the goal of victory cannot be compared according to the political situation in the state over the years.
The office bearers shall be for the term of office from 2019-2
Shillong: U Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, today said that the government has decided to allow the families of those who have died of Covid-1 -19 that they have been able to take home the bodies of those who have died from this disease.
“His statement to celebrate Christmas first and then come back is a childish counting of our leaders,” said Hima. “We need both the ILP and MRSSA,” he said.
Goa has already passed the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972, which prohibits the capture, killing and trade of wildlife, which also punishes violators.
The meeting was held to raise awareness among the public regarding the demand of the union from the Meghalaya government to enact laws to send 80 percent special jobs to the youth. Ownership of private sector companies across the country to employ the youth of the country.
On Monday, the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) Riwar Mihngi Circle, after receiving a complaint from the residents, together with the Rangbah Shnong and The village leaders and the union have seen with their own eyes the destruction of this road which is about 6 kilometers from Laitmynrieng.
The court ordered the HPC to respond to the government within four months.
If it is like the last Lok Sabha elections, the ECI may announce to hold Lok Sabha and MLA elections in these four states next month.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Sordar of Mawtap said that on receiving information that the PWD wants to stop the construction of the footpath, the village authority went to meet the Executive Engineer of the PWD in Shillong. He said that the PWD has acted immediately and has immediately stopped the work of the scheme. MNREGS.“On the second day we held a meeting of the VEC at 7 pm, we told the people about our meeting with the PWD which promised one thing but did another. “Therefore, at this step, the people have decided not to close the PWD road until it explains why it is closed,” said Bah A.War.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Pynshngain said he has already conveyed the differences with Mukul Sangma to the AICC leadership and it will be up to the AICC to take a decision and seek to the lads and the roads.
He said that when they work for the good, the village will give their full support, but if they work only for the benefit of the village or for themselves, that is not right.
“In October-June 2022, I personally went to Delhi and met with the Secretary of the Ministry and discussed with him on this issue and therefore, it was decided to call the tender again.
The total number of recoveries is 13,012 and the death toll is
In the Champions League, Manchester United beat Valencia 2-1
This year the United Nations has chosen the theme “Shaping Peace Together”.
In this regard, HYM Ri-Bhoi District through its Secretary Bah CL Nongbet urges the ILFS and NHAI to take immediate action regarding their work and to provide The order to work, so that the companies can move forward for the safety of the passengers on the NH-4
Those who have studied at this university, say that not only is it on par with other universities, but also those in the northern parts of India; but also of the world.
The SP also felt that the large number of vehicles may have been the cause of the traffic jam in the city.
Small parking lots will be located at Mawroh Village Square, Lad Sanker Hospital, Polytechnic Square, Umjarain-Mawtawar Road, NEHU. For heavy vehicles, buses or trucks, parking lots will be located at KV School near NEHU. Gate No.1.
He said that after many reports in the newspapers that Mehta & Brs 11 & 12 were wrong, that 9 & 10 and Sally & Agarwal were wrong, the MBOSE finally changed the results. 11 & 12, and CBSE (NCERT Text).
He said that the ability to demarcate the boundary will depend on the willingness of the people of the area to choose where they want to join.
These include East Khasi Hills 52, West Garo Hills 16, North Garo Hills 3, Ri Bhoi 13, South West Garo Hills 5, West Jaintia Hills 16, West Khasi Hills 2, East Garo Hills 3, Eastern West Khasi Hills 2, East The total number of cases in the state has risen to 93131 out of which 91016 have recovered and 1565 have died. people are not shitom.
On the other hand, the AJCCTA has insisted that the payment should be according to the government price.
According to police sources, the newly formed armed group, which was formed by several youths, has also signed agreements with insurgent groups from Nagaland to train them in armed conflict.
" Luke16:1
At the same time, Kynnamlin Khongwet, who passed well in the SSLC Examination 2015, was awarded a cash prize and a certificate by Kong Thlida Marbaniang.
In the afternoon, the leaders of FASToM turned to the Main Secretariat to hold an indefinite protest in front of the Mini Secretariat. a Tura.
This is according to a statement issued by Bah Kitbok Rymbai, Rangbah Shnong Khliehtyrshi.
“Do you know exactly?” asked the mother. “I'm not mistaken, mother, it was told by people who knew well.” “Ah! "What kind of world is this?" said the mother. "Why do you say that, mother?" asked the son. “How can I say that when only evil is done?
Shillong: The Shad Lyngdoh of Raid Nongblai, Khyrim Syiemship will be held on the 08th March, 2019 after the completion of the Suit Lyngdoh according to the rituals. 2019 in the village of Nongblai.
Many of them are only trying to act while the behavior is not right.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Cricket Association's Inter District U-19 Girls Cricket Tournament was held yesterday. In the first leg of the tournament, Ri Bhoi beat East Garo Hills by 87 runs.
Short speeches were also delivered by the two winners of the jngi-um competition and also in the cycle competition. They expressed their first gratitude to God for protecting and strengthening them despite their weaknesses in many ways, but with God's presence and hard work they have reaped the harvest. the fruit of victory.
The panel of judges included Dr Pakha Tersia, MD Psychiatry, Subir Sangma and David Laitphlang.
"100 children have died from encephalitis syndrome (AES), the government said in a statement today.
This is how we can make the nation special when we give our nation a separate nation. This is a plan that will divide the nation if we don't think carefully. The Khasi nation is not This is especially true of many Khasi people who are still in darkness and don't understand, because the Khasi people are against the law of God which according to the Bible clearly shows that the seed and blood come from God. The Khasi people don't respect the commandments of the living God, the God of Israel, the greatest and most powerful God in the world, but they respect them. to the man who created this most stupid custom on earth, the most stupid, the most stupid, instead of honoring God.
These four Dorbar Shnongs are Tum Tum, Khatkasla and Psiar which fall within the boundary of West Jaintia Hills District and two others which fall under Block-I, Mowluber and Moojem. Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong at the Secretariat on Thursday.
The party would also like to point out that when it is written in the articles that Meghalaya has three ethnic groups, why should one be destroyed? The Government should clarify and answer this.
These office bearers were confirmed by the President of FASTOM Elvis R. Marak.
“At a recent meeting with industry leaders such as the Confederation of Indian Industries (CII), the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industries (FICCI) in New Delhi, discuss the development of factories in Meghalaya"
The two-day Eat Right Millet Mela 2023 was organized by the Commissioner of Food Safety, Government of Meghalaya in the presence of the Minister of Agriculture, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh as the chief guest.
WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus has advised many countries to follow the example of South Korea in the fight against the coronavirus.
Speaking at a public meeting of the NPP on the theme “Stronger Together” held at Madan Polo, Conrad said that development works in the state have increased rapidly in the last few years. 5 years.
The Assam Rifles conducted a search operation against the NSCN(K) troops in the area and when they saw the pickup van carrying these Nongbylla, they opened fire killing 13 people.
The place where these stones and the tomb of Camilla are located is called Mawsahep by the villagers of that area.
The failure of NEHU to provide information through the website has upset the students, he said.
LP School (Amlarem Block) and Mukhla Grassroot Center (Thadlaskeiñ Block) against Moosachram Govt.
This action of Bah Ardent should be appreciated by the people because he sees far ahead if drugs cannot be controlled, the nation and society is in danger.
This is why they advertise the 370.
“The government has repealed the ordinance, this shows clearly that it understands that it is not its subject but the subject of the District Council, the state government has no authority,” he said.
“If you know how to vote on polling day, it will lead to economic growth and freedom from corruption but if you are wrong, it will lead to backwardness and terrible corruption,” he added.
“However, there has been no repair of this bridge for a long time,” said the EM of KHADC. “I have told the Minister that this bridge should be repaired immediately to avoid any danger. of people".
At the same time, they also implemented the principle of drawing a straight line and in this way many Khasi villages fell under Kamrup District.
No one was injured in the blast of these two coal factories and the blast of the illegal Coke Plant will continue.
Shillong: All the residents of Darrang Elaka and those living outside the Elaka, are informed to attend the ceremony on the 16th March 2019 for the Doloi of Darrang Elaka. The villages of Dawki, Darrang, Kongwang, Lymba, Ri Kynjai and Snongpdeng.
“The expenditure required for the cleaning of this river for 4-5 years will not be less than Rs 10-15 crore.
He also urged the students to continue to work hard so that they can be selected and lead in the South Asian Games , Asian Games and most importantly to take part in the Olympics These children will arrive in Shillong tomorrow, the 3rd of June
Kong Laloo, while inaugurating the water supply scheme, congratulated the Pdengshong VEC for not only implementing the water supply scheme in the right manner, but also said, “They have a vision and responsibility for the future generation".
The MOTHER App, which collects information about poor mothers, has been able to encourage many mothers to give birth at health centers and this has helped significantly to reduce the number of poor mothers. The maternal mortality rate (MMR) is the highest mortality rate.
This is a mahseer fish and is about 100 feet long.
Speaking on the occasion, KJBWA Vice President Generous Warlarpih said that they want the traders to buy cows from the new market at Ronghona in Byrnihat.
Shillong: U Satya Pal Malik, Governor of Meghalaya, on Tuesday received a letter from the Comptroller and Auditor General of India, on July 8, 2022, regarding the non-sending of the accounts to the District Councils. in the past few years and beyond, the failure to submit the reports of the CAG to the District Councils.
This is the second day that there has been snow, including yesterday.
“There are only these roads and we have tried to bring in a suitable road so that it will not affect the Government's expenditure on this factory,” he said.
The match will be played at the Barabati Stadium in Cuttack at 5pm.
They said that the government has not implemented the Organic Mission, Horticulture Mission, Paramparagat Rishni Vikas Yojana, Compost Technique, Bio-Control and others.
FIFA President Blatter has been shocked when one of the robbers threw a bag of money at his head while Blatter was speaking to reporters in Zurich. day.
How much is the waste of energy and money of teachers when they work only a little but earn a high salary.
The JAC comprising KSU, JSU, FKJGP, HNYF, farmers' organizations, tourism owners and Tur today held a meeting to discuss the issue. their demand will be answered.
For in Jerusalem shall God set his throne.
The Voice of People (VPP) has nominated a Pastor (Rev) from Mairang Assembly Constituency who wants to change and renew the mindset of the people in the area. The Dome, which has been completed without even the thought of the Speaker, has been completed recently.
This is the second warning that security forces have to take.
Edystone Shylla Waheh Shnong Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang said that from tomorrow 29th all vendors who sell on the footpath are not allowed to sell on these roads. the people stood up.
There is no peace here.
On the other hand, Bah Hek congratulated Bah Donboklang for bringing in this job opportunity to help the youth in getting jobs especially in this time of unemployment.
After completion of the investigation, the chargesheet was filed on May 26, 2016.
This inspector can see all the people inside the prison and his duty is to see and inspect all the people inside the prison, while those inside the prison do not I'm sure I'll see you.
Speaking on the occasion of the National Press Day on Saturday, Mondal said that besides having freedom of speech and expression, the media should not be biased but should maintain neutrality when give information without bias or feeling.
Passah said the same water will be sent for testing to another department which they did not want to name and they will compare the report received from the Pasteur Institute with the report from that other department. you test um.
After investigation, the Ri Bhoi Police have registered a case under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
Shillong, Nailar 09 : The General Secretary of the United Liberation Front of Asom (ULFA) on Tuesday said that the peace talks between the ULFA and the United Liberation Front (ULFA) have been completed. and the heads of the Government of India and the Government of Assam will meet again in New Delhi after 15th July this year.
Another initiative that the government is ready to take is the talent identification in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Olympic Association.
Through this programme, Kong AR Rani and Kong S.Lyngdoh, explained about the rights of children and especially in relation to girls, because as it is now, there is no violence. to girls, it increased over time.
“The border with Bangladesh is the way to boost trade and income generation,” he said.
Benzema has scored 354 goals for Real Madrid, becoming the second highest goalscorer after Ronaldo.
In particular, the party extends its special prayers to all the students who will sit for various examinations to encourage them in their struggle for a peaceful future, said the statement. Donald V.Thabah, Chairman Education Cell Khasi Students' Union.
The farmers of beef, pork and chicken are also happy because the buyers have increased.
Shillong: Nongrim Hills SC beat Langsning SC 1-1 in the first half of the 2013-14 season.
Meanwhile, the office blockade of the political parties has affected the state where the attendance of government employees is very low.
“We as parents encourage our children to showcase their talents through this competition organized by AMDA and Sain Productions and we see that it is hopeful for them. children to jump to other positions,” said the mothers of the children.
Nongstoiñ, June 20: The office of the Deputy Commissioner, Supply, West Khasi Hills District, today announced that the PDS for the month of April, 2022 has been released through the distributors. to AAY, PHH and Non-NFSA households which is 2.26 liters per card.
Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, MLA Umsning, MDC Umsning, Arpit Upadhyaya, DC Ri Bhoi, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, MLA Umsning, Dr. Giri Prasad, SP Ri Bhoi and others.
Authorities said the vessel caught fire in the incident may have been caused by an electrical fault on the vessel.
The incident happened yesterday at Umsning, where doctors from the Veterinary Department came to seize a cow carrying vehicle which the owner of the cow farmer had bought from Umsning with the intention of using only. to cut beef in the market to supply according to the needs of the people.
In a letter sent to the Apostolic Nuncio of the Vatican to India, Most Rev. Leopoldo Girelli, Gokhale wrote, “Through this letter, we would like to inform you of this very serious issue in Assam. and with a request to inform Pope Francis and the Vatican regarding the persecution authorized by the Government against Christians and to take this matter to the Government of India.
On the other hand, Bah SD Khongwir, who was a former MLA and Rangbah Shnong during his tenure as MLA and Second Chief Minister, told Rupang that the The Rangbah Shnong, who has been in office for 48 years, has never had any conflict between the Shnong authorities and the Government.
Her brothers and sisters informed the police that they were poor and could not afford to bring her body to the village and gave permission to the police to bury her at the same place. The ceremony was held at Jobly Dkhar in the presence of police, family members, friends and the Rangbah Shnong.
From 2007 to 2010, he was in Rome where he received his Licentiate in Missiology from the Pontifical Urban University.
The deceased was identified as Ericson Lamare, resident of Salaroh, Jowai.
He said that there are many people who have not been able to leave and stay inside their homes for fear that the earthquake will come again.
Many of them have had to return to agriculture by cultivating shyrti or cultivating madei mata just to earn a living.
Those who are mentally weak, greedy for wealth, greedy for profit cannot be allowed to reach out to sell drugs because the profit is too high.
The Congress also questioned the government how it is willing to introduce such a recruitment system at a time when the country is facing cross-border threats at both the LOC and the Shillong, July 24 : U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is also in charge of the PWD (Roads) Department, today said that the National Highways and Infrastructure Development Corporation (NHIDCL) will soon call for tender again for two places, package 1 and package 5 which has been left to the companies who have started implementing the work.
The BDO has tried to explain to them and explained many of the requirements regarding the job cards and payment dates and promised to look into this matter.
:The Garo Students' Union (GSU) and the Federation of Garo People (FKJGP) in Rongara, South Garo Hills District today conducted a raid on shops in Rongara Market. for the illegal sale of expired drugs and other items.
Conrad Sangma should know that he is in elite schools like Loreto and Pinemount.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs, Jowai has expressed its concern and strong opposition to the government's relocation of the PWD North Jowai Division from Jowai to Shangpung.
Shillong, July 07: Following the tragic incident in which a 3 year old girl lost both her hands after being electrocuted, the KSU has demanded from the MeEPDL authorities , should check all the transformers, so that it does not happen again in the future.
The Kaziranga National Park has dug a two kilometer long and seven feet deep hole to bury any wild boars that have contracted the disease, Bora said.
He said that this college is very famous in the area where students are always looking for admission.
Therefore, to supply electricity, the Government will not have to purchase electricity from private companies.
On the other hand, the students of Ri Bhoi College also participated in various dances and songs as well as the Miss and Mr Ri Bhoi College competition.
The general report of the secretary included the activities of the dorbar throughout the year and the finance reports of the four village councils.
She worked as a teacher at Mawkhar Christian Night School from 1954 to 1974 when it was converted into a step school.
It is alleged that the collapse of the well is due to the negligence of the people who are doing the work which has been handed over to the private sector. It is also alleged that the incident occurred due to the negligence of the NEHU engineer who released the money to the workers without checking whether it was correct or not. scheme.
Regarding the same incident, the Principal of St. Margareth, Sister Maria Thomas, said that the incident was a coincidence. , and the school authorities have not been able to look into the matter, as the school has only been closed for two days.
I have spoken, and I will do it.
He said that vehicles that can enter Meghalaya will only be vehicles that carry food items to Meghalaya and these vehicles will have to follow the directions of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Well.
Wanshan said the winner of the tournament will receive a cash prize of T.5 lakh, while the runner-up will receive T.3 lakh.
The President said that many companies or factories in the state are employed only by foreigners and he said that since 2020, he has met with the Deputy Chief Minister, Bah Prestone. Tynsong, and said, “If the union finds companies that have not employed youth in the state, it should take responsibility to inform the government”. Prestone's speech is unacceptable and unacceptable.
The lack of a good bridge on the Kopili River has been a major cause of problems for the people of two districts including West Karbi Anglong and Hojai districts in the state.
Prof Lakhon Kma received the Basket Containing Fruits Award while Peter Shallam received the Diamond Award.
Treilang Sutnga, a resident of Shangpung Pohshnong, has rescued a pangolin known as 'Rbai' or 'Pangolin' on the night of 7th August 2020 which came to the ground floor of his house. their.
However, now that the government has decided to bring in a foreign company to work with it in a so-called joint venture in which the government has its share in MCCL which are the mining and processing companies. dewbilat is the stone.
The Hima Mylliem has agreed to provide land for these land owners on the Hima land.
After that, he said that at 12 pm, one of them was driving a motorcycle (FZ Yamaha) while others picked him up and took him to work across the border through Kalagao. It is located between Bakli and Cheragao.
At the same time, they said that if the people of Nongstoiñ understand, they should not be compared to the price of a pig, because these days if you make a mistake in talking to a friend, you will be criticized. that they are not pigs.
The Troop from Pariong has been performing well at the District, State and National Level competitions.
Besides these, there are also some prominent youths from NEHU and MLCU who are skilled and intelligent enough to take on such a responsibility if they are ready to appear in the world.
As the leader of the area, he also thanked the villagers and the village authorities of Byndihati and Suchen Dhana for their cooperation in the development of the village. , he also congratulated the Deputy Commissioner who holds regular meetings to bring about development and welfare in the villages in the district.
Nongpoh: A youth named Augustine Shadap (25) has been seriously injured after falling into a steep slope on a hill known as Lumknia. Village.
On the other hand, the Minister urged the officers especially of the Electricity Department and PWD to ensure that the people get electricity quickly and also to the engineers to ensure that the roads are safe to travel. vehicles so that it does not affect the traffic of the people.
The winners of the Body Building and Best Physique competitions for men will receive cash prizes.
In this country (Ri Hynniew Trep) there are many villages where the Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong and Village Officers are not yet educated.
“It should be verified by the spokespersons of the department from the districts to the state to verify,” she added.
in You can also visit the information centers and the deadline is 5th November
The body of Amly Sutnga was found in the Barak River and gradually fell into a small stream, said the Rangbah Shnong of Moolamylliang, Ebor Dkhar.
“Perhaps at this time I say that the Government is facing difficulties...both standing and sitting.
I am also pleased to see the skills and abilities of the youth from the North East.
The woman lodged a complaint at Laban Police Station.
Meghalaya's top bowler on the first day was Da La Biang Shangpliang, who took five wickets for 91 runs.
No vehicles will be allowed to enter from 9 am to 5 pm from Phudmuri Kjatshnong to the old Presbyterian Church, Phudmuri.
“At that time I cleaned up the corruption, the vehicles used by the EMs I told them to take away and their salaries will be deducted little by little. I sold it at auction plain and now it doesn't come out anymore,” he said.
Not only do they play in the river, but they also watch over the river, because some of them go to do garbage and try to spray the dohum doh river.
Even if you travel by fast boat, it will take you about 5 hours to reach these remote dew lynnong.
Amos 8:10.
The union alleged that the government has turned a blind eye to the road even though the union has already staged protests.
When a person can enter and leave freely, it shows that the country is in peace.
• The program was awarded to the Seberian Centenary, Shillong College, BA 3rd Sem.
He said that at that time there was a clash between these people and the members of the union when these people who were riding in the Gypsy took out firearms and shot at the members of the union. Members of the ANVC-B also took out their weapons to attack these people. Suddenly, gunshots were heard from behind.
The bank is located in Iawmusiang, Jowai.
“In our journey in the past three months as MDCs who have responsibility for the people and the Council as a whole, we have investigated and found that there are many reasons why lead the Council to a decline in the working methods which have been bloody since the past and until today.
(L) Purno A Sangma.
The body of the youth was recovered from the valley with the help of the neighboring villagers and later shifted to Sohra CHC for post mortem.
Gangtok: Sikkim Chief Minister Prem Singh Tamang, also known as PS Golay, has won the election from Rhenock Assembly constituency with 10,904 votes. .
Austin was scheduled to travel to Singapore this month to attend the Shangri-La Dialogue, a major defense meeting where he also met with Wei Frnghe in July past.
He said that the SICPAC, which will also be renamed, will be the largest theater in the North East, with a capacity of up to 1700 people. for the state.
Shillong Lajong are in first place in Group-B with 6 points, while United SC are in first place with 4 points. , East Bengal Reserves 1 point and Diamond Rock 10 points.
Because all mankind was enslaved by Satan, Jesus came to be a man to set them free, to set them free.
From travel, income, agriculture, employment and so on, all have had to be suspended due to this infectious and spreading disease.
The Minister said the department has tried to find ways and means to address the concerns of the Home Guard.
Himalaya Shangpliang MLA Mawsynram, said that the government led by Conrad Kongal Sangma is a government that does not lose the income of the people and has no concern for the poor. rangli only to rben her own pla and her followers.
“To dream of something that cannot beTo fight against enemies who cannot be defeatedTo endure difficulties that cannot be enduredTo pursue a goal that even the heroes do not dareTo correct a mistake that cannot be corrected. To try even when hands and feet tremble with fearTo reach the stars that cannot be reachedIt doesn't matter even if the soul is lost, hopeless and the path is longTo fight for righteousness, without think twiceIt's quick to go to hell to get heaven...That my soul will rest in peaceIn the place where I sleepAnd society will be happy, it will be good Because one man has fought hard And with courage He fought until the last trumpet sounded..."(this song was sung in the movie The Man of La Mancha)Amen.
NLA YF President SK Dewsaw said that the people have been suffering for 50 years from the deterioration of the road connecting Maweit and Nongstoin. From time to time, the government has not believed them.
“After the separation of India and Pakistan, those who came to India lived in peace, but those who lived in Jammu and Kashmir did not have peace.
There is not a single government college in the entire western region.
Banpynshngain Lyngdoh said that the party cannot help but express its concern over the protection of foreigners by the Khasi. There were also Khasi who came out and didn't even know that it was their shop.
Gogoi's attack took place near an aid station in Uriamghat, but at that time angry protesters shouted slogans against him and threw stones at security personnel. They were inside the car, said the police chief.
The yield of the thab u dab is only a small amount, by which it can live for a while, to unite the body and the soul it must come out – syep phuk, and it must flow. he shall pay tribute to thy head, but also to thy head. This Lord, who should have been his Meirilung Meirisan, if he could not pay what he demanded, had a seizure law.
In his resignation letter, Bah Himalaya said that since losing the election, he has decided to stay with the party and work for the strength and development of the party.
The Prime Minister said that he will convey the grievances of the people to the Home Minister in Delhi in the coming days.
Jowai, Jymmang 16: Two persons have lost their lives after being hit by a vehicle at 7:45 pm this morning. tip card you ei.
Another CPC member, Naba Bhattacharjee, said that the ceremony went smoothly despite the lack of people on the first day because the people were worried but on the third day everyone came out smoothly.
Jeskalur has two young daughters, who live in Mawkynrang village in Nongkhlaw area.
On the other hand, the union said that if it is necessary to give advice to the government, it should do and pay according to their actions.
The best goalkeeper award was also awarded to Eben Warbah of PFR who received a cash prize of 5,000 tyngka.
Members of the union also found that till 11 o'clock no employees or staff came to the office. They found only two staff members who were in their offices and also found that the Executive Engineer South Jowai Division. The head of the office was not present at this time.
Hallmark: The snapshot is a snapshot of a handicraft.
Puri said the Smart Cities Mission has brought about a new innovation in urban areas of India and has also improved the quality of life along with strengthening service delivery in 100 urban areas. the largest city of India.
The PWD officer said that the office has already sent a proposal to the government for the introduction of the PWD. The road is under the PMGSY scheme of the Government of India, but the union urges that although the office has already sent, it is the duty of the PWD office to send urgent repairs. The road has been constructed to solve the problems faced by the people.
He said that the Job Card has nothing to do with the Waheh Shnong as it has its own way of working.
Labour Minister Satyanand Bhokta, in reply to a question by his MLAs in the State Assembly, said that the implementation procedures in this regard will soon be implemented. will be effective soon in the new year.
She said that recently at a meeting of the Civil Military Liaison, it had sent a proposal to the Meghalaya government to build another road to enter Lum Shyllong and the road that needs to be spent is only 5 kilometers.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: After the defeat in the Tura by-elections, the Congress is now in the midst of being defeated by the BJP storm which has swept almost every part of India.
Shillong, July 4: In a traffic jam, many commercial vehicles have taken advantage of the situation by following behind 108 ambulance vehicles.
Shillong: U Bah JD Rymbai, former MLA of Jirang, former Chief Minister and Lamphang, has been appointed as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. He passed away this morning at his residence in Mawlai at the age of
These supporters of Danggo have urged their leader to join the BJP and contest from the party in the upcoming elections. on the 27th of June.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The State Government will have to comply with the order of the Supreme Court, issued on November 15 last year, not to allow liquor shops within 500 meters of highways and shops. existing liquor must be abolished from 1st June.
The incident happened yesterday at Tlabung village in West Tuipui constituency.
Speaking as a clarifier at the meeting, he said that many of the MDCs don't know the Sixth Schedule, don't know how to administer it, that's why there will be a demand that there will be no more jobs. the Sixth Schedule, due to the actions of some who have been able to hold power.
He said that he has sent a letter to the Jal Shakti Department to assist in the donation of funds to the PHE Department of the State Government. the only way to prevent the depletion of water wells across the state.
It is important for us to ensure that every resident benefits from these development projects.
The soul of the soul shall be destroyed; and the village was turned into a tpaai.
At least three people were killed, including two women and 15 others seriously injured, on the second day after Myanmar troops attacked Camp Victoria, a member of the Myanmar army said. The DC of Champhai said that eight bombs were heard near the CNA headquarters on Tuesday and Tuesday. .
Therefore, the union urges the state government officials to take action to visit the area so that they can resolve the issues related to the development works brought by the Meghalaya government. He added that the state government has lacked confidence in the complaints of the people on the problems faced in the border areas with Assam.
These teams have reached the final after playing well in Group-B of the tournament.
Do you know if there are any doctors in private hospitals who have been trained only for treatment?ii) Once there was a case where a man went to a private hospital to get medicine after tests and scanning and was ordered to sleep. hospital because there is a stone in the kidney and they say it is not necessary to treat him.
I am sure that if parents have two children, they will inevitably send their children to church rather than to festivals, because going to church is much more valuable than going to festivals .
At the same time, those who commit acts of hatred and violence should be arrested with a strong and righteous hand, said a statement from Rev Dr Edwin H Kharkongor, Secretary KJCLF. An 89-year-old resident of Panaliar, Jowai, has passed away today.
According to the person in charge of these pigs, she said that at first, the pigs had a fever, after that they stopped eating or drinking water and later the pigs they are dead.
Such children are in distress and there is no one to take care of them, please immediately inform the authorities in charge of the children who need assistance and protection. in your district, or you can call ChildLine number
“All the states should follow the path led by the central government in this regard by bringing about changes in the budget,” he said.
The Bharat Tibet Society, Meghalaya led by its President Paralad Toor and Marian Maring together with Rita Lyngdoh as Secretary has organized a planting of soh tree seeds and medicinal plants at Ri Bhoi College. also at Pahamsohthri where up to 200 species of soh roots and medicinal plants have been planted to preserve the environment.
Some of them were able to complete the march to the end and some of them couldn't stand the rest and many of them were unable to complete the march.
In the health sector, three PHCs in Mawthadraishan have been renovated at a cost of Rs 3.21 crore.
It is worth mentioning that in the past few months, the MLA of Jirang, together with the MDC and the volunteers in Jirang, have been able to distribute up to 20 tonnes of rice, but yesterday the The MLA has distributed 90 tonnes of rice to the poor families in Jirang.
Shillong: The office of Nehru Yuva Kendra, Shillong under the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports, Government of India has launched a Youth Club Development Campaign at Mawpat Block from 8th November, The meeting was held on the 12th November, 2021 by Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, MLA Mawryngkneng Constituency.
The seized drugs as well as the sugar were handed over to the local Custom department for further action.
Kolasib district of Mizoram has ranked highest in the implementation of the JJM scheme with 96.67%.
On the other hand, the Government has immediately sought ways and means to deliver the relief goods to all the citizens of the country to ensure that there will be no starvation or death of the people.
On this occasion, there was a mutual greeting from both sides of the villagers who have decided to work together for the sake of the village whether in life or death. in other areas.
Groundwater quality in some regions has been further complicated by anthropogenic pollution.
The song is written by Guiding Khonglam and sung by his brother Lamjingshai Khonglam and Ashnalyne Tangsong.
They were sent to the State by bus provided by the State Government.
After this in the evening, the Langdoh will visit the Khnong Blai, bring with him the Pyrnah and the Pyrjin to thank the Creator for the orderly rituals, followed by the Bam Tyngkong. At the Langdoh's house, in the morning, the Wasan went to collect the Muhor of Kynthiar as part of the contribution of the phra kur phra kmai of the seiñ Raij to the religious work. The sons of the Raij fed the Sangia in their own houses.
In the past few days we have seen the advertisement or vacancy announcement of the High Court of Meghalaya according to the Twenty-point Roster system, for the posts and reservations not clearly mentioned.
It will be the duty of the Opposition MLAs to point out the shortcomings in the government's governance.
This was witnessed by the construction of the building of Ri Lyngngam Presbyterian College with Rs 1 crore, St. Thomas Secondary School, Nongjri with Rs 50 lakh, St. Savio Secondary School Riangdim with Rs 50 lakh. lakh along with 10 other schools which received 10 lakh tyngka each.
The corona virus has caused a number of incidents in recent days and one of them is the incident of Matt Hancock, the Minister of Health of the British Government.
“This shows that the Deputy Chairman is not an intelligent person and as the Deputy Chairman he violates the order of the court, he should step down,” said the MDCs. opposition side when speaking to reporters.
To park an auto rickshaw, you have to pay T.6 for five minutes or if you want to pay more, you have to pay more according to the government price.
The Congress came second with 69 constituencies.
As an encouragement to this player, the Kur has donated 10,000/- tyngka.
Over the months and years, the unemployment rate for the youth who have passed well in their studies has increased which often disrupts the thinking of the youth especially in the struggle for jobs. government.
After this decision, tomorrow Saturday will be the day when they will start to protest against the payment of market tax. They have received clarification from the Minister of Market of Mylliem Hima that this is done without the knowledge of the Hima and it is also an illegal collection.
Speaking at the meeting, Khan said, “I have met many youths at the railway stations, but I have never been here and I feel a little love and I will come back”.
To get a gun licence, you need to donate 50 blankets to the cows and this is the requirement of the District Collector of Gwalior in Madhya Pradesh.
The World Drug Report, 2021, published by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC), said that about Lakhs of people have lost their lives in 2019 due to drug abuse.
Nongpoh: In order to expand the offices of the RBYF Sengkmie, today visited the office bearers of the RBYF Mawlein Unit at Mawlein Mawkhan village in Ri Bhoi district.
Shortly after the match, it was a very friendly match, in which all the two rounds of the match were very exciting for the spectators.
Macmillan Kharbani, candidate and president of the Nongstoin Block Trinamool Congress, in a statement said that on that day, the party's top leaders will come to give a public explanation.
The 170 km road has cost about T.22,000 crore and will connect Meghalaya, Assam and other states in the North East.
In this regard, the residents of this area have faced many problems but no one has helped to relieve this problem.
The Government of India, in recent days, has imposed strict rules on depositing money at home, withdrawing money and other rules, which have taught to go with digital payment, or payment money passing through mobile phones or computers, but at the same time, it is not good, for the government to fight from the pockets of the people, on the basis of the fight against stolen money.
(Luke 23:33-34).
At the same time, the Congress leaders have been campaigning for the elections by threatening the people that if they do not elect the Congress candidate, their constituency will be destroyed for four years.
Speaking to reporters after undergoing a medical check-up at the Civil Hospital, Shillong, the NEHUSU leader said that this happened at 12:30 pm.
This comes after all the District Sports Officers (DSOs) have been able to hold the District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2024 in all 12 districts.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District announces that the Ministry of Consumer Affairs, and Public Distribution and the State Government through the National Food Security Act 2013 Reforms in Targeted Public Distribution System Chapter V Section 12 (2) (c ) has made Aadhaar special to identify and verify beneficiaries under the Public Distribution System.
In the second article, Babu Mon Lyngdoh talks about birth, honor, inheritance and inheritance from the father.
Ratacherra Lumtrom beat Ratacherra CSC 1-0 in the quarterfinal of the ENSA Football Tournament held at Umkiang on Saturday.
The incident which happened on the night of 15th July 2021, has shocked the residents of the village when the CRPF Police have bombed and tied kulmar and damaged all the houses of the residents of the village. The Governor.
According to the mother of the deceased, Alma Lyngdoh Mawhlang, who was present at the scene of the incident, she said that she saw the snowfall at the scene of the incident. They searched for the man but couldn't find him, so they tried to call him but the phone switched off.
Ms Kharshiing said the state government and the district council were aware of the name registration act in Rule 17 (1) (a) of the AD Rules, 1951 and Article 191 but have not implemented it.
He said that there are two types of drugs, one is Narcortic and the other is Synthetic which is produced in laboratories. risk in addition to herbal drugs.
Sana said this decision was taken on the directives of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi and it is also for the benefit of the District, the State and the country.
“I want to pass a law on the Hima Khyrim which was introduced by Bah HS Shylla recently, I will follow up on it,” said Bah Lambor.
These joint groups have now worked together for this purpose and only after this will they be able to move forward with the Assembly elections to be held in April and November 2024).
We will have to contest the election.
We have not given up those lands," he said.
Post Name:- Lecturer in Computer Science & EngineeringNo of posts:- 1Department:- Shillong PolytechnicPay Scale:- Level 15th of Revised Pay Structure with other allowances as admissible.
Sharaid said that how the Congress party has already been in power from the national level to the state level has not been able to do anything on this issue and this action of the Congress party has caused suffering. to the people and youth of the state where he said that we are the most gentle people.
Inaugurating the first crematorium in Ri Lum Khasi and Jaintia to be implemented under the MGNREGS scheme, implemented by the Pynshongkhla VEC, the DC expressed her surprise that the VEC which has only 72 crematoriums Job Card has been created and created.
On the allegation that the VPP is funded by the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC), Ardent said, “This is just an election allegation based on the dirty tricks of the parties. the State".
Droupadi Murmu ji will grace the occasion as the Chief Guest.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) Jaintia Hills District today went to Phra Mer to remove the foreign word Garampani from Saphai. The word Garampani should be replaced by Saphai.
“It may be for this reason that they have informed that they do not want to continue the thermal power project which has already been signed with the state government,” said Mondal.
The VPP candidate in Sohiong constituency, it is understood that the two political parties with the most votes in the last MLA election, the UDP and the NPP, will contest. Besides the VPP, which has planned to contest the MDC election from Sohiong constituency, the UDP, NPP and Congress have prepared.
Sangma said such incidents happen only in areas within the KAAC boundary. “If there is such a thing, we will have to talk to the Assam government,” he said. .
The journalist was shot and stabbed by the railway guards, the report said.
They stand firm with a courageous spirit to fulfill their duty.
This issue could be discussed in the Legislative Assembly for the purpose of reducing the price of meat and to discuss the ban on the export of meat.
A consistent program is needed to truly see the fruit of the chastity success.
Kyrshan Blah said that the aim of the office is to strengthen the service and especially as the youth to stand together to protect their brothers and sisters. that they may not be destroyed in their own land.
He said that even in the PHCs, there are still many who have not been appointed without talking to the CHCs or hospitals.
Bad prek kdor is not available.
He said the government when it drafted the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Acts and Rules 2021 has also laid down rules that the residents of the state cannot enter the grounds where these gambling activities are set up.
Besides, the BJP has also carried the burden of many serious allegations.
Regarding the colors of the Silver Year Celebration, Bah Kester Warjri, Chairman of the Lympung Rakhe, said that there will be colours, such as literature in many ways. writing stories, writing short stories, painting and other activities that enrich and enrich the celebration.
“Therefore, before conveying to the government the demands related to the Reservation, it is necessary to discuss thoroughly so that any decision taken by the Core Committee will be adequate and well founded before being sent to the Reservation. the government,” said Sambormi.
There is a need for a change in the management and the Minister should look into this when he is assigned to look after the welfare of the residents.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) led by Samla Donbok Dkhar today met with the Joint Director of Agriculture Department, L.Kharkrang. difficulty of the people especially the farmers to register their farmland.
Doctor/Engineer, etc. study abroad can also be affected if the results are late.
MLA 2-Jowai Constituency Wailadmiki Shylla was the chief guest in the presence of Dr. Rita Pohrmen, Medical Superintendent, Ialong Civil Hospital, Dr. .P.Shylla, Senior Doctor, Incharge, Jowai Civil Hospital Blood Centre, Panaliar, Jowai and also the blood donors.
As soon as these families in the village, the village has informed the BDO office, in order to take the necessary action and through the arrival of these government officials, the The decision was taken to stop the construction and it was decided to move the construction to another location. who are in this city.
Why doesn't the Government think about these?
The second team went to West Jaintia Hills District.
Because since the past , why didn't you complain about the land and come and complain until now , by honoring the Doloi and Waheh Shnong at that time who were present to witness the purchase of the land by the mother of Kong Libon Law, which does not affect the land of Raid Nartiang,” said Kong Wansyrpai.
Most of the areas near the center of the state, in the Northern and South-Western parts of MP have been badly affected.
Shillong, Naitung, 05: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday requested the Law Commission to advise the Central Government not to implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) in Meghalaya.
At the meeting, Prestone also spoke on the quality of the people's leaders, in which he said that the quality of the leaders these days has declined significantly and on this it was also seen that the discussion in The dorbar hall, has become very small as the days go by.
Besides I Love You, three others who escaped were Ramesh Dkhar, Marsanki Tariang, Rikmenlang Lamare, Shidorki Dkhar and Lodestar Tang.
Editor, Regarding the article by Rgh.Albert Thyrniang entitled “Sinister Motives at Work in Meghalaya”, which appeared in the English newspapers in the past few days, I would like to express my gratitude to you. that no right or basis shall be placed on the symbols or images of any religion in educational institutions supported by the State or Central Government of India.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Union of Quarry Workers and Owners of Swer, Laitkroh and Mawkdok Districts, in its meeting held on the 29th of this month, It has been decided to increase the price of mawthup to T.1500 per single (4 cubic meters or 4 trailer jeep) and also for salin.
I will say, 'It is a song of migration to Mount 7trep.
“Dr Mukul is one of the few politicians who has never been close to the opposition parties.
The funds have been allocated through T.133 crore which the KHADC has received from the Government of India through the Special Assistant Schemes. It is still in the state government.
“For the benefit of tens of thousands of students,” the MP requested the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi to look into himself and appoint a Vice President. New Chancellor as soon as possible and will not be delayed.
The deceased include 4 soldiers, 1 health worker, 1 high risk contact, 2 ILI, 2 foreigners, one from Lumparing, one from Mawlai Mawiong, 1 from Nongkseh (Upper Shillong) , 3 cases from Nongmynsong, 1 case from Nongthymmai, 2 cases from Pynthorbah and 2 cases from Umpling.
Hubert said that after the government passed the bill, Ardent gathered his supporters in Nongkrem and decided to resign.
The TVS Jupiter has a 110cc engine and is faster and less fuel efficient and there are many people who prefer this scooter.
Modi government’s work for socially disadvantaged groups is evident through steps like opening many opportunities to those who have retired from defense services and ensuring reservation for those with disabilities.
Shillong Lajong's I-League performance this season has not been pleasant as they have been in trouble and danger.
However, as it was not severe, the landslide was cleared after a while to resume traffic.
He said that there are 800 Village Organizations and 700 Self Help Groups in the Khatarshnong-Laitkroh C&RD Block.
Those who attended the training included Project Manager, Operator of Haqdar Empowerment Solution Pvt Ltd Guahati, Ashique Hassan, Manager Training and Development, Haqdar Empowerment Solution Pvt Ltd Raipur Chhattsgarh, Rishikesh Lah Mishra, also on how to approach the villagers to explain to them to apply for schemes that will benefit the people to improve their income. Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, Jonathan Shylla, Project Manager DMF, Lumlangki Pohti, District Mission Manager, MSRLS-EJHD, Kevin Slong, Project Coordinator Operation Feberius Dkhar, Project Fellow Wapung C&RD Block, Soky Dkhar, Project Fellow Saipung C&RD Block, Merphilos Darnei.
He said that the Meghalaya Regular Casual Worker Scheme 1996 is an assistance for those Muster Roll who have worked for more than 10 years to get the Fourth Grade Post which can be the post of Chowkidar or Peon if vacant. In Jaintia Hills, however, the officials in various government departments in the two districts have lost their rights to the Muster Roll because they have not implemented it.
This discrimination is especially severe in the constituencies of the opposition leaders. Although many times the leaders have expressed and conveyed the needs of the people of the constituency, they have been ignored. Those in power like the Prime Minister and government ministers in various departments even though the people really need development works, but only because they are from the constituencies of the opposition MLAs.
Rymbai said their demand for the salary structure and to pay the salary of SSA teachers as regular teachers is in accordance with the provisions of the RT Act 2009 and the State RT Rule The state government has been directed to implement the salary structure and the salary will be regular teachers.
edTell the about fees structure.
SYMPTOMS:2
Perhaps if this party will win the 2023 elections, it will be because the people elect the candidate who will contest on the ticket of this party and not because they elect the party.
There is nothing wrong with the Lord Jesus.
Sonapyrdi Village has had its own Synshar Shnong Constitution since 2001 and has been updated according to the changing times this year.
“We have stopped talking about the same thing because the Government has not listened to us.
On the same day, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh also donated drums to the Jien Pyngrope Music School in Jongksha.
In the first leg of the Kesilroy Pala Invitation Football Tournament, Sailung Ialong beat Nangbah Iawmusiang 2-1
In the women's category, Levina Papiah of Mustem finished first in 38:28, Happiness Phawa of Sabahmuswang finished second in 39:24 and Ribity Sana of Pynthorsale finished in 48:1
The second match of the tournament will be played on November 21, 2022 between Azriel Sports Club, Shillong and Mawkohphet Sports Club, Mawkyrwat.
“Do they think that we are Pakistanis or Bangladeshis who cannot get the rights as allocated by the central government? Does the NOC for road construction include the NOC for mining uranium? If the NOC for mining uranium is yours, what is the reason behind the protest against the construction of the road which benefits the people?” asked Ricky Sohlang Chairman of the JAC. In a statement, Bah Sohlang said that the CEM's action is a violation of the human right to rise to the rank of other citizens of the Bri U Hynniewtrep who live in urban areas. He said that it is a real threat to the poor and needy who live in these rural areas.
Karanveer Singh (19.17m) came second and Sahib Singh (19.07m) came fourth.
The Dorbar Shnong Sonapyrdi, East Jaintia Hills District has expressed its deep sorrow after the entry exit point of Ratacherra, which has been set up for the checking of foreigners, has been smuggled without screening.
On this day, the two mothers and sons came to the house to blame each other.
World Athletics (WA) President Sebastian Coe has pointed to the famous stadiums in Poland, especially the village, as the most suitable venue for the tournament. in that year.
AGE:—- Your skin can become thinner and stiffer as you age.
And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire.
He also urged all the employees to register immediately under the e-Shram through the nearest cybers. “The time will come when the government will recognize and provide assistance only to those who have already registered. almost" he said.
Shillong: Many people think that taxis stop after working, but this is not the case; At the top of the parking lot near Nan Polok opposite the State Bank of India (SBI), four vehicles were found without legs, without seats, without fire, like a place to sell goods.
Shillong: AICC General Secretary Dr CP Joshi, who is in charge of the Congress party in the state, will arrive in Shillong on Tuesday to prepare for the elections.
'They' here are the women who loved Jesus who came early in the morning with precious perfumes.
Thousands of KSU members in Ri Bhoi District have attended the election of KSU leaders on the day of the election. Different units in Ri Bhoi District have left to participate in the election of the new leaders of the party.
Sinha said Meghalaya has done well in terms of income with a GDP of 15 per cent.
Shillong, November 13 : Meghalaya has now received its first State University after the 50th anniversary of independence.
This is my vision that if we continue to suffer greatly, theft, looting will happen and cause problems for the village leaders to judge.
The beneficiaries expressed their gratitude to the organization for its good work and wished it to continue in its good work for the community.
“Punjab coach Harpreet Saini said that this tournament will be a special milestone for the development of the players.
The opening ceremony was held on Friday, in the presence of Bah JH Suchiang, Deputy Director of Fisheries, Meghalaya, as the chief guest, in the presence of Bah ER Laloo, Superintendent of Fisheries, Meghalaya. Nongstoiñ, staff of the Fisheries Department and the beneficiaries of these schemes.
To support the organizations you have2
Shillong: Batista Khongthah, from Lyndem village, Pynursla Civil Sub Division, has been selected for the Hindi Song Competition to be held soon in Delhi.
“We have not been able to install water pipes in many places in the city because we have not received permission from the Dorbar Shnongs.
This is the wymtoh that is still thymme, That has been laid the foundation.
In the second half, the Pastors tried to score the first goal, but with the skill and support of the officers, they couldn't score the first goal. The pastors scored the first goal of the tournament and by the end of the second half the match ended 2-0 which was enough for the officers to win the title.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government has dismissed and arranged for government ministers to visit all districts in the state to review the progress of government work.
Shillong: The UDP, PDF and other supporters from Ranikor constituency including the NPP, Congress and BJP will hold a meeting today to discuss the issue of nominating a joint candidate for the mid-term elections in Ranikor.
The rules are sufficient and we have already approved until the building is completed so that they can live again,” said Bah Dhar.
R.Sutnga said.
In Eastern European (Roman) languages, all have the new word “Na.
Therefore, I urge you all to work hard so that we can win,” he said.
At the opening ceremony, the residents of Niamtre and even the current Rangbah Shnong, Mar Shylla, gave a speech at the opening ceremony. the Mane House.
Speaking to media, u Bah Donbok said that the reason for their visit was after the residents of Mawlai as a whole expressed that they have suffered a lot. , due to the delay in paving the road and laying water bricks.
The Puja Committee has decided to perform only the Puja rituals according to the Hindu Almanac:
Scheme: means development is the work to be carried out as intended to improve oneself, society and human beings; development should grow and flourish in any area of ​​life of individuals or in society.
“Unemployment is also a major problem in the affected state, so the Congress has great confidence that they will elect normal levels and not high levels,” he added.
It is learned that the crane fell from the place where it was erected and thus killed people shortly afterwards.
“Under this programme, this is the first time that the government has paid the people not to destroy the forests, and we have allocated about Rs 50 crore to distribute to all the village forests, forests owned by the individuals, or to community forests overseen by community leaders," he said.
Australian Defense Minister Richard Marles said the MRH-90 Taipan crashed on Tuesday night in parts of the Pacific Ocean near Hamilton Island in Queensland. .
Chullet is involved in awarding tenders to an enterprise under the jurisdiction of his wife, without investigating whether it is suitable or not to run the projects smoothly and without comparing them. The price at the time of submission of these tenders.
About 400 delegates are expected to attend the event including members of the State Adoption Resource Agencies (SARAs), DCPUs and Child Welfare Committees (CWCs). , Specialized Adoption Agencies (SAAs) and Child care Institutions (CCIs) across the North East as well as Senior Officers from the Ministry of Women & Child Development, Central Adoption Resource Authority (CARA) and other departments. of the state of Meghalaya.
The Chief Minister said that the whole of Meghalaya is now turning to Tura for the first time in Garo Hills.
He replied that the CCTV at the Marveleen Inn has not been working since 28th November and they have lodged a complaint with the manufacturers since then to repair it.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday issued a notice to the public to comply with the order issued by the Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday. Shops, workplaces and passenger vehicles, including local taxis, auto-rickshaws, sumos and buses, should display prominent signs. The word 'Vaccinated' means that they have been vaccinated, by showing pictures that clearly show that all owners and employees have received the COVID-19 vaccine.
Nongstoiñ, November 22: “It is shocking, but it is true that the market and the village of Shallang which is still under the Nongstoiñ Hima, has been covered up by a foreigner.
Russian news agency RIA Novosti said the seals were also stained with blood and showed that Ukrainian soldiers were demon worshippers.
The tournament will be divided into three categories, U-16, Senior and Veteran.
Several CRPF personnel were killed and one civilian was injured in the incident.
Meghalaya has provided shelter to many people who have fled their home states, according to information received by many residents of Manipur, who have requested identity cards from their villages. They should become full citizens of Meghalaya.
Other speakers included Ma Aibor, Former Chairman of Barato Village, Waheh Village Council of Barato and others.
The Minister said that the government supports the groups organizing the festival in collaboration with the district administration and in 2016-17 alone, the government has spent T.1,1 ,06,200 in the state.
“Of course, the NGT (National Green Tribunal) has suspended the transportation and mining of coal.
Lion Mission Compound Dorbar Shnong will play against Spikers at 3 pm and Chullai Brothers will play against Spikers at 3:45 pm.
A speech was also delivered by V.
Because it has been seen that these days the thinking among the people is not good and they don't think too much about others but only to improve themselves.
As part of the scheme, 40 KVA units will receive a 50% subsidy, which will significantly reduce the cost of construction.
Noting that religious groups have a great power to bring love and unity, KJCLF urges the government to look into these acts of violence and curb them by calling on the meeting of leaders of different religions to bring peace and avoid such violence.
Harrison Akins, a follower of the report, said that the NRC is an insult to Muslims and that this is a clear showing that the government India wants Indian identity, only for the Hindu people.
Of these, 20,000 belong to the livestock sector.
“I would like to thank my supporters who came to the meeting, who supported me physically and spiritually in both the elections I have contested and after hearing and listening to all their suggestions They also wanted me to support the UDP candidate, so I agreed and took the decision today to give my full support to the UDP candidate,” said Justine Dkhar. He said that he has not yet decided to become a member of the United Democratic Party and he will not want to become a member of the UDP. the election is over.
In the morning, the Dolloi, Langdoh and Waheh Wasan started the 'Kñia Aitnar' ceremony at the Syiem Aitnar and all the expenses were covered by the Dolloi of Jowai Elaka. this 'Kñia Aitnar' will be a blessing to all the children of thousands.
These are those who have been selling illegally without a trading licence, but besides these, there have been others who have received trading licenses but their licenses have been cancelled. they continue their commercial activity without renewal of licenses for many years.
They also climbed the riat of Deiñshalalu village and walked along the old roads until they reached near the Umkyrdeiñ River.
The confirmation ceremony was attended by Samla Nangkitbok Hoojon, General Secretary of BJYM Meghalaya, Bah F Marwein, Bah DD Sohphoh, Bah H Myrthong, Mandal President. from the district and other prominent office bearers and leaders of the party from the district.
Qatar is the first country in the world to host the World Cup but has never won.
This is no longer surprising, we have seen other states of India which have re-imposed lockdown in their states due to the inability to curb the rapid spread of the disease like Maharashtra.
Speaking to media, Lyngdoh said one of the reasons why the Congress could not do well in the last election was because of the decisions of some MLAs. To join the governments with the BJP party could lead to a decline in the number of seats for the Congress party.
They don't have that long-term thinking to lose before they get back (no risk no gain).
Shillong, June 17 : The Governments of Meghalaya and Assam are likely to resume the border talks in the second round in June. the seven places.
Twinkle Khanna was married to Akshay Kumar on July 17, 2001 and to this day, they love and respect each other.
The delegation, led by Water Resources Minister Sukhbinder Singh Randhawa, will meet with Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong and Defense Minister James PK Sangma on Friday.
Therefore, they cannot help but do it themselves, when they see that the reason for the traffic jam in Shillong, one of the reasons is the poor condition of this road, because only the traffic jam in this part, has affected all the people. the whole city of Shillong.
“Climate change is real, so the time has come for any income related activities to go hand in hand with environmental improvement.
He said that the HNLC demands that the Meghalaya government should not take stingy on the peace talks and that the HNLC is ready to join the peace talks. If the Meghalaya government is still stingy on this proposal of the HNLC, it is not the fault of the HNLC and it is the fault of the state government which cannot accept this proposal. He added that the party should leave its activities and come to the society to bring peace and prosperity in all aspects.
Although these Bills are yet to become laws, the introduction of them by this Rangbah shows his love for the nation and his efforts to bring about ways and means to address the challenges facing the nation.
The Meghalaya Athletics Association (MAA) has selected 13 athletes and two officials to participate in the 36th National Junior Athletics Championships to be held in Guwahati, Assam.
“We have seen that the people of the state have already decided that the NPP will win up to 26 seats, this is the decision of the people to vote for this party, because they have seen the work in the past five years and other issues that have been heard by the voice of the people.
The Naga leaders are trying their best to resolve the differences between these two ethnic groups and eliminate their differences.
Death does not recognize who is great, who is rich or poor, who is foolish or wise and there is no limit to the whole world of death.
He said that in these days almost all the activities of the NPP are being criticized especially in the media or social media and no one can see the ability of the NPP to lead the government and The NPP has done some things that others can't and don't want to touch on the issues that the NPP has done but know that many people throw stones at the right tree.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Wanlambok Kharsati, General Secretary, Dorbar Shnong Mawryngkneng.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister expressed his satisfaction that they have been able to open this factory to produce sohphan.
Earlier, Romarius Laban had a chance to shoot the ball and the Rangdajied goalkeeper struggled to save the ball.
Regarding their absence from speaking during the protest, Samla S Kharkongngor said that it was because of the threats from many quarters and that is why they did not dare. to crane.
They also held a meeting at the football ground of Laitlyngkot Elaka and on the part of these leaders they also threatened the Government that if it allows private vehicles to operate for the public, they too will not refuse to hand over the vehicles. permit because private vehicles do not have to pay taxes like commercial vehicles.
The State Government has issued a Vide Notification No.2/2018/436 to reduce the pollution in Byrnihat. To appoint a special committee for the implementation of the National Clean Air Program which aims to reduce the number of air pollution in India according to the report for the year 2023 through by the Center for Research on Energy and Clean Air (CREA).
On 26th June, farmers from North Garo Hills (NGH) expressed their concern over the illegal trade of rice after it became clear that the smuggling of rice has affected the country. They don't have a market to sell their goods until now.
Shortly after Air Marshal Amit Dev, AVSM, VSM, AOC-in-C Eastern Air Comd, Lt Gen KC Panchanathan, AVSM, GOC 101 Area and Lt Gen PC Nair, AVSM, YSM, DGAR laid the wreath at Rhino Prerna Sthal, Shillong to commemorate these brave men.
“We have also revived the Meghalaya Games after a 16-year hiatus and we will be able to host the Northeast Olympics this year.
There is an urgent need for the KHADC authorities to encourage the Village, Raid and Hima Dorbars to hold Shnong Dorbars, Raid Dorbars, Kur Dorbars and Hima Dorbars with the IT technology of the present era where all the students use zoom. , or google meet to strengthen the Dorbar Hima Mylliem to be alive and functioning according to the customs and traditions which includes from the Shnong, Raid and Hima including all the children of the Hima.
It is also a personal decision to join any organization that they like and agree with.
Due to changes in international relations and inflation, fertilizer prices have increased worldwide in recent years.
The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, said that the Council is deeply concerned about the opening of revenue collection gates within the border of Khasi Hills.
We don't want our state to suffer from the shortage of oil,” said Bah Ymbon.
The KSU Leader said that if the BJP tries to use force, civil war will break out across the states of the country so that they cannot force the small farmers because they have the right to live. , the right to ensure their privacy and if the authorities do whatever they want it will lead to harm.
It's okay if the synod suspends only the two pastors it would be better to do the same for us followers too, I pray God doesn't give you Pharisees, Sadducees, hypocritical priests, you are beautiful from above like the mountains. , it's easier to enter the thyrnia than a rich man like you if it's from God you can't stop it, there will be many Nabons, the decision is from God when the spirit moves you can't stand I am like Jonah and I am not like Samson but I believe like Daniel, Joseph son of Jacob. pastor ne??? I believe that the Synod is not against or against when they take part in politics, but they have to choose only one because they have not sworn in as a pastor and when they hear the call to They should resign themselves and not wait until the Synod says so.
Noting that it is a pleasure on the part of the State Government even after the KAS has given its cooperation, Dr. Nonglait said that the Prime Minister should have sent the letter immediately as promised, but not. still, the letter does not go.
However, in recent years, the political parties from the State and the State have issued their petitions during the elections and these petitions often include, among other things, the basic principles of the parties, major policies such as Economic Policy, Foreign Policy, Plans, Communications and Mataikut (issue) in the administration, if they come to power.
“We should not allow such practices,” he said.
Speaking to media, Bah Kwilnis S Suchiang, President of KSU Narpuh, said that they are not against the development works, but what they are against is that this development works. The site of the dewbilat company is too close to the Lumar and Lukha rivers.
Therefore, the undergraduate curriculum needs to be revised,” he added.
The incumbent Chief Minister also said that there is no illegal smuggling.
He added, "During my visit in the area, I didn't want to go down because it was the most beautiful".
One of the elders who represented the village, Bah BL Nari, who is also the General Secretary of the village, said, “The order of the High Court is from the for this is not the first time, but now this commandment is our resurrection.
The people at the meeting gave 15 days to the government to punish the soldiers involved or else they will hold other stronger protests.
Others promise and deceive like Bah Prestone Tynsong that politicians deceive people every five years, but the people should not believe and he said that he does not promise heaven and earth and asked the people to allow elect him as a leader to have the opportunity to work and serve the people which he desired from the bottom of his heart.
According to the investigation, it was found that even the plants along the Myntdu River can no longer clean the river due to the heavy flow of waste and the water has turned acidic.
There are still many shortcomings if the government really wants to promote tourism especially in the availability of good and adequate roads and others.
The decision will now go to UK Home Secretary Sajid Javid to issue his order.
After being in Shillong since 2015, the court allowed Ahmed to return to his country.
Yesterday, with the arrival of journalists from across the country and even abroad and with the speech against the Congress party from the state to the MPs in Delhi, the ruling government had to inform or give Information to the NDMA, Kirloskar Brothers Limited and Coal India Limited.
The child was taken away by the police and is undergoing treatment.
He said that after a few months of the elections, many people who support the VPP have come to meet them because they understand that if they stay together, they will not succeed.
Therefore, he hopes that the MDC elections will be held next year after the Delimitation Committee completes in November so that they can be approved by the House.
Tbn WGB Marwein of Pariong in his writing on p.14 said, “The Lyngngam Hills includes several parts of the kingdoms: Maharam, Langrin , Myriaw, Red, Red, and Green.
Please note that all these questions in Physics are from CBSE Class 11 part 1&2
Police are investigating to find out who was wrong in the incident, but police sources said that the incident happened due to heavy fog on the roads of Sohra area today. Both the vehicles coming from the opposite direction were passing in the middle of the road, which caused the incident.
The Behdeinkhlam conducted by the Seinraij Kongwasan Chyrmang is a ritual before the children of the Raij go to the fields to plant the seeds of rynai, to harvest the rice and to provide for the family. and to drive out the plague of smej from the city of the king.
“When we receive assistance from MLAs or MDCs it doesn't exceed 2 lakh tyngka but this time through MLA Macmillan Byrsat we have received 4.5 lakh tyngka and I am grateful to the MLA for thinking specially about us. This is our school,” said Bah ED Nongsiang.
Bahnah also told about his poverty at home and that is why he decided to move to the city as soon as he could.
Shillong, November 6: Raja Kharsyntiew, President of the UDP Women's Wing Mawtawar Pdengshnong, has resigned from his post and joined the Mawlai People's Wing. Development Forum (MPDF).
Dr Mukul said the central government's failure to release funds to Meghalaya has affected the allocation of funds and development works from various departments such as the North Eastern Council. (NEC) and others.
From the beginning, the residents of the border villages have raised the question how the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam have resolved the border issue as Meghalaya does not cross the border but the harassment and violence. The border is only on the part of the Government of Assam.
Speaking to media, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun after the inspection with the Engineers, expressed his deep sorrow over the allegation that the building has collapsed without being verified by the relevant authorities. This allegation is not true after verification and confirmation by the engineers who found that it is only in the connecting parts of the building.
Speaking on the demand to revise the Reservation Policy, Prestone said the government will take one issue at a time to discuss and implement.
The incident has shocked even the police, where some of the police said that the incident was committed by skilled persons, because the money inside the ATM was wrong. They suspected that the thieves who did this were very skilled, because they knew how to do so that the money would not be lost.
But the earthquake did not come.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has rejected the request of the state’s transport department for issuing a No-objection certificate (NOC) for the construction of the railway line in Ri Bhoi district.
According to sources, the army and police in the past few days have conducted heavy raids across parts of Manipur to recover the property. These are the weapons that have been stolen.
Many students and patriots took part in that struggle and lost their lives in that struggle for their language; The Father of Bangladesh, Bangabandhu Sheikh Muzibur Rahman, declared independence in October
Earlier, the KSU had strongly opposed the government's registration of the names of the people in the NPR without first conducting the verification of the villagers in the state to know the rightful people. citizens and illegal citizens because if they do it lymmuh, the problem is that foreigners will be registered as citizens of the state.
“According to this decision, Pastor PBM will lose the title of Pastor,” said Pastor Sohkhlet.
On this World AIDS Day, which we remember especially those affected by HIV and AIDS, as a society we must remind ourselves that we still have to fight against this AIDS epidemic which has been going on for years. 1981 and 1986 in India.
However, in October this year, the IOC decided to invite the athletes from these two countries to return to their careers in the tournament. abroad, without any indication of the possibility of success on their participation in the 2024 Olympics in Paris.
This is according to an order issued by the Commissioner & Secretary BDR Tiwari on the 18th of this month.
We are witnessing in these days the mismanagement of the MDA Government.
He said in the FIR that Daw has upset all the Catholics and encouraged them especially at this time of grief as the Archbishop has recently passed away.
“Every day, there are about 20 to 30 application forms for the MLA scheme.
The bodies of these two men were post mortem at Shillong Civil Hospital on Friday.
It's not that I'm a drug addict. I'm a mother.
Thus passed the times, one month went by and another came.
Speaking at the confirmation meeting, the President of the UDP, Bah Pius Marweiñ, expressed his gratitude to the supporters of the party who attended the meeting. for their hard work and dedication to carry out the political activities within the Mawkyrwat Circle as well as in the Mawkyrwat Constituency as a whole.
Ummulong Cricket Club, which won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 327 runs in 35 overs for the loss of six wickets.
They should honor the heroes of the Khasi people like Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah, Phan Nonglait and Wickliffe Syiem who had the spirit to protect their people. “The spirit of courage to protect their nation,” said Bah Andrew.
Bah Let also said in a loud voice, “You are too slow, if you don't allow us, you shouldn't have bothered us so much.
The AFC has accepted Gassroots Football as a comprehensive football tournament regardless of whether you are skilled or not.
Shillong, July 07: The State Government has prepared an allocation of T.4700 crore for the Natural Resource Management Committees (NRMCs) in different villages of the State for the protection of the natural resources. forests, springs, and fire.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Mukul said the CLP has discussed the issues and he is pleased that the Congress party has done its utmost for the country to ensure that it can fight against the challenges. according to the liberal system, saying, “As representatives we need to keep an eye on the issues and follow the path of the agenda that the ruling party sets.
Shillong, Lber 7: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of War Jaintia together with the Fair Price Shop Dealers in a meeting held on the 3rd of this month discussed the issue of the National Food Security Act, The meeting discussed the shortage and inadequacies of registration in many households within the sub-divisional which lack the registration of beneficiaries. and those who used to enter the AAY list have not been included in the list of beneficiaries.
According to media sources, the HSPDP will hold a meeting soon to discuss the reasons for its defeat especially in Rambrai and Nongkrem.
In both cases there was no accident.
He also expressed his concern over the lack of electricity and promised that if the party comes to power, in collaboration with the village authorities, the party will help those poor people who cannot afford to buy electricity. pay the electricity bill, to provide them with 200 units of electricity, which does not require payment for their children to read in the light of electricity.
Therefore, a separate District Council was established in 1964 which was then known as the Jowai Autonomous District Council but was transferred by the Government of Meghalaya to the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
“We support the demand of the Barato Dorbar Shnong to set up a Police Out Post in Barato and on behalf of the JSM we will follow up on this demand which has been put before the Ministers of Home Affairs and the State Government,” said Leningstar. The JSM-Barato Zone was inaugurated on Tuesday.
Samla Banphiralang said that the presence of workers at the site makes it doubtful whether there will be any attempt to destroy the evidence of the collapse of the Tnum Pyllun while the investigation is ongoing.
When asked whether according to the findings of the union, many foreigners are working in the dewbilat factories and many foreigners are working in these factories. from all over India like UP, Delhi, Maharashtra, Haryana, Kerala, West Bengal and others.
The UDP also recalled that in 2012, a few months before the MLA elections, the state government had called for talks with the ANVC and the issue had reached a goal and they had signed the MLA elections. The GHADC has pledged to strengthen its membership by increasing its membership from 30 to 40 members, and this was approved by the Cabinet.
Deputy CEM, Bah PN Syiem, Chairman of the Council, Executive Members, MDCs and Village Leaders were present on the occasion.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The 25th Anniversary of Mawphor newspaper on Saturday was celebrated by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma.
The union also demands the establishment of a special department to look after the farmers.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that there is a need for mutual respect and this will bring about a change in the provision of services in the field of health. The government has spent T.2.51 crore on Nazareth Hospital.
Shillong: A bus carrying passengers from Chennai to Baghmara in South Garo Hills District this morning has collided with a roadside bomb at Dudnoi.
Mukoiram is a village in the Thadlaskein C&RD Block.
“However, we have not yet decided and we still need to discuss and consider this proposal,” she said. She said that Urban Affairs has proposed to build thousands of residential areas such as parks and parks. playgrounds.
He said the government will hold a ceremony to honor the winners of the Meghalaya Games 2024 in Shillong.
The speakers who spoke at the funeral service expressed their deep sorrow that such an incident would happen in Nongrah. Not only the residents of Nongrah but the entire society has been shocked.
“I went north to see for myself the dangerous condition of the area, but I was surprised when I saw the fall of more than 10 meters. katdei" he said again.
Police have urged anyone who sees this person to inform the Nongstoiñ Police Station.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Women's Cricket Team beat Mizoram by eight wickets in the opening match of the Women's Cricket U-19 One Day League by eight wickets in Dehradun on Saturday.
One of the clearest examples of economic development is the presence of groups working hard to educate the people in the rural areas on how to know about the development opportunities and schemes that come through the Government. Central and State Government.
Conrad said that when the Governor speaks in a language that he likes, it doesn't mean that he doesn't respect or have any other feelings, but it is because he has a problem with the Governor. translated into English and distributed to all members of the House.
“Within 15 days, if I don't see any change in this area to relocate them immediately and remove the fence from Them Metor, it will force me to take another path. decision which I will announce later," he said.
In their work, the chiefs no longer have the necessary jobs to do and therefore the appointment and appointment of chiefs is only a coloring and a waste of public money.
On the part of R Rapsang DYC NYKS, he spoke about the long-standing cooperation between SURE and NYKS and at the same time he explained about the District Youth Convention and its importance for the development of the youth.
Speaking to media, KJBWA President Bah Generous Warlangpih said that the shortage of cows has been going on since Assam introduced the ban on cow slaughter.
Himonki Khaii, who played in the Under-18 category, also won the best title in the tournament.
Foreigners from all over India and even from abroad come from China.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) today issued a statement recalling that the HNLC was founded on 14th July 1987 and on that day, it will celebrate its 35th Anniversary. 14th April 2022.
He expressed hope that the Congress will come back to power after the elections as it has done good work to improve the economic development and income of the state.
He also promised to direct the Chief Minister to set up a Single Window Agency to look after the payment of advertisement fees related to the DAVP. Heads of Government, who visit neighboring countries for business related to the region.
They believe that the labor room is good.
New Delhi, July 13: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) today filed a case against six Rajya Sabha MPs on charges of fraud and forgery in the Leave corruption case. and Travel Concession (LTC).
VHP General Secretary Surendra Jain demanded a thorough investigation into the operation of Christian churches and madrasas in India.
He said that the KHADC will soon send a letter to the government on this issue.
In the first leg, Mawphlang SC beat Mawreng SC 1-0 in the 52nd minute to score the first goal of the tournament. the first victory in two games.
On that day, flags will be hoisted across the northeast.
He also urged them not to allow poverty to prevent them from achieving progress in their studies and to stay close to God to avoid evil.
Farmers and slasha producers from all over Meghalaya and tea experts from Taiwan took part in the event.
The 108th case was rushed to the Civil Hospital, Jowai.
I don't believe, I'm going to go to the phylloh, I'm going to go to Blai Lang I'm all.
The Club invites you to come and witness this tournament on this day.
These people were handed over to the Umkiang Police Station for further investigation.
Bah Shadap said that according to information received from the officers of the education department who are conducting a thorough investigation to find out the number of rngai schools in the state, it has been found that there are rngai schools where the teachers of these schools receive salaries but there are no students at all.
Sanbor said that in 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic, he spoke in the dorbar and through discussion, it was approved to allocate T.50 lakh from the MLA scheme to each constituency. such matters that need to be discussed in the House.
Therefore, in order to walk straight, we must accept the truth.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday protested against the demand of the UDP for the resignation of Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit. Speaking to Rupang, the EM of Market Department, who is also an MDC of the UDP, Bah Donkupar, said that the KHADC has been elected as the CEM and to change the leadership of the ARPA. Sumer said that the turnout of the people to KHADC is a festival which has already been prepared. “It is a political entertainment, which has been well prepared,” said Sumer.
Let us look at these issues whether a nation is lagging behind or moving forward compared to other nations.
The High Level Committee on Influx headed by former Symbud Myntri Rangbah Bindo has repealed the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation, 1873 and 1897 from Garo Hills. Mathew Lanong said that the amendment of the Act in 1897 has abolished about 35 implementations and Garo Hills has been exempted from the ILP. Regulation, 1873, applies to the citizens of the country and therefore, the implementation of the ILP may have problems although the government will examine this.
God bless you all.
He said that on other issues including ILP and others, the UDP will continue to demand.
And there is another source of income for us human beings, is that we do other things that we don't understand and we don't know what will happen to us, and the actions of these people lead to trouble. This is a great problem for us Khasi people, and this is a great problem for our Khasi country as a whole, as we see now many Sengbhalang are struggling to improve. I don't know why, but I don't know why, but I don't know why, but I don't know why. , to do, here you see those people, these people have knowledge and sit on thrones, and rule over us small countries, these people feel that they will escape if They do this because they have wealth and knowledge, but they don't know that they too will suffer the same fate as the poor and the rich, because they are from them. There are troubles and sufferings, we are small, rich, poor, happy, we will be enslaved, but we will escape, because we have wealth, we can go and live around the world. They are happy, but the trouble and suffering is greater than ours, because while they are still in their own country and in their own country and nation, they get everything they want and they are They are also the rulers of the country and the nation, and they have different ranks, and they sit on thrones, and they work only by holding khulom.
But who is the one who falls and who is the one who rises? Those who are strong fall down, and those who rise high are those who know how to do the work with responsibility, not with responsibility.
Shillong, March 19: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, has promised in the House to submit a report on the allegations of corruption in the funds of the KHADC. Your bank account is private.
That is why I have adopted this word as my daily word," he said.
The suspension will start from 1st July, 2023, until further notice, in which all members must suspend classes for the 1st semester.
Therefore, the group invites all the youths who wish to take part in this dance competition to come and register by contacting the leaders and to learn more about the rules and regulations. part in this dance competition.
“My teacher lied to me, how could he say that the world is round, when I was living here in Africa”.
Mawkyrwat, June 19 : Lamare Sports Club and Azriel Sports Club will face each other for the third place in the Mawlangwir Football Community Shield 2023 to be held on Tuesday, June , at 2 pm, at Madan Saitsnad, Mawlangwir, South West Khasi Hills District.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 97 cases and 92 cases in civilians.
We don't know whether these are the only taxes, or whether they will continue to generate more taxes, but, seeing this, it makes us think that the State Government, instead of helping the poor, but thou wentest in, and took the money out of their hand.
Before getting to this point, I would like to mention that the Lokayukta is the authority empowered to investigate corruption cases by government officials or employees.
GAZA CITY: Israeli troops on Tuesday shelled a Hamas camp and reportedly destroyed 15 kilometers of buildings and six houses. not at the head of Hamas.
The Digital Revolution is an example of the progress that India has made in recent years.
xxvi.
In the second innings, WKH continued their innings and scored 23/6, 268 runs to win.
In the 1st division, Lawsohtun SC will play against Nongkrem tomorrow.
It is not yet known what report these government officials will submit to their office, but according to the signs from their talks, it is understood that they will submit a red color for the reopening of the They said it would not be safe for the students to stay in the same part of the building.
He said the policemen who have been punished for their involvement with the insurgents are Havildar Betharstone R Marak of 4th Battalion who was arrested in October 2010 with a weapon, Policeman Balgra Marak, Jimberth R Marak and others. .
The reason why the State is like this in terms of education is the reason why schools or educational institutions have become only businesses to earn money and no longer sources of education.
When the NPP MLA sought the minister's assurance to conduct an inquiry into the matter, the minister said the government would look into it if necessary.
However, the Governor in charge of approval or rejection did not mention them, but instead referred to the letter of Ajay Kanoujia, dated January 2016, (which is undated), The pitch and substance of the Bill is against the Bill, as stated in Ajay's letter.
Along with the soybeans you can mix with other natural ingredients to prepare masks, masks and others that really benefit the skin.
Meanwhile, the Central Committee of the Young Mizo Association held on Friday decided to monitor the matter after holding a consultation with the NGO Coordination Committee.
The ANMs will send to the Medical Officers for verification and send back to the Block Accountants, the Block Accountants to the District and the District to the State for the direct payment to the accounts of the ASHA workers. .All this process will be online and will be completed within 10 days.
Indeed, if we look back a little to the past since 1835, and why do we have to speak well of this year because it was in this year that the French began to take power. rule especially within the Hima Sutnga (Jaiñtia) and besides that they also began to implement the strategy of division and ethnic cleansing.
Bri Hynniewtrep or the State cannot claim to be a Peaceful State because until now about 9000 day laborers have not received the financial assistance of Rs 2100 tyngka. the Government announced and promised to deliver during the lockdown in
If there is a lack of health care from the time of birth, it affects the health of the baby at birth.
He urged MEPA to follow up on the implementation with skill and understanding.
Shillong: The newly elected Spokesperson and Working President of the Congress Party, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, today expressed his gratitude to the MPCC President VH Pala and AICC President Sonia Gandhi for their appointment. you are not new to the party.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to inform the state government that all the MDCs strongly oppose the proposal to implement the Civil Procedure Code (CPC) and Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) throughout the state. state.
In the second match, EJTOTA FT won against Khliehriat East VFT, due to a walk over delay in arriving at the stadium. EJTOTA FT won the title.
Under the UCC, laws relating to marriage, divorce, inheritance, adoption and others will be amended.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Hynniewtrep Team has won the final of the JH Lyngdoh Memorial Trophy-Shillong Open Khasi Knock-Out Cricket Tournament organized by the Seng Samla Mawroh in collaboration with the Seng Samla Mawroh. The Meghalaya AIDS Control Society, Shillong has launched a campaign today at LP School Mawroh, Kyntonlieh.
After signing the register of the police out post, the Chief Minister addressed the policemen who should work at the police out post and said that they should remember that their presence is long to help the people.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Distarborlin Wanñiang President of the HYC, said that after the government has dismissed the teacher of Tynghor Govt LP School, the subjects taught by the teacher have changed. just duh either.
Before the meeting, the Secretary of the party, Bah Teiskhem Kharmuti, said that the reason why the party has called the meeting is because they have seen many problems. “Many times the people have been misled, we need to know our rights,” he said.
This is about the advice on COVID-19, whether it is the government's directive, or the department's advice to the public, or the Dorbar Shnong's advice to the government, or the journalists' advice. , or the authors of articles, even if they are on the same subject, we are interested in listening and reading.
There are brothers and sisters, Mei-ieit Paieid, like us Khasi, who are born of our mother.
The victory of HK Singh (Meghalaya) against Sainik School has encouraged the team as a whole and will continue to play well in the upcoming matches.
The funeral service will be held on 29.05.2023 from her residence at 2 pm and will be buried at the Catholic Cemetery, Nongshiliang, Nongthymmai, Shillong.
After reaching Rangsakona, they arrested the manager and sent the driver to flee,” said Singh.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas Sangma on Tuesday passed a resolution in the Legislative Assembly to expunge the allegation by Dr Mukul Sangma against the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. There is a close relationship with a drug trafficker from Mizoram in the proceedings of the House for violating the rules of law.
The arrest of these four GNLA members was made during the Hailstorm Operation-3 in Garo Hills.
These players have been selected after reviewing their performances in previous seasons such as the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy T20 tournament, Vijay Hazare Trophy One. Day Tournament and the First-Class Ranji Trophy.
The incident took place at the house of Bah Let's youngest brother.
Shillong, March 24: The UDP Leader in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Teinwel Dkhar on Tuesday said that the appointment of EMs for the three vacant seats in the KHADC after the resignation of three candidates should not be biased. “We will hold a meeting with the PDF because we have not yet discussed with the CEM on these three places. “It's EM,” said Bah Dkhar.
He said the country will face a crisis like in the United States in 2008-09 when the economy fell by two percent and this action of Modi will jeopardize the economy. books in the country these days.
And Khasi women should not take advantage of the fact that they were taken from their mother because through your creative thinking you are like a slave to the future of your children and your nation.
Another decision taken by the Cabinet is to increase the employment rate of those with disabilities from 3% to 4%.
It is learned that at the time of the abduction, the mother of these children was not at home because she was still in the shop and it was through this that these men took advantage. , especially when they saw that the father of these children did not know anyone anymore, they closed the door of the house and started to do this pohjait pohrati, who started to threaten these children with which also begins to creep even into the areas of the female genitalia.
Speech was delivered by Samla Franky who congratulated these youngsters that this is only the beginning of their reaching other levels of fame.
“We will not allow vehicles to climb to the top of Lum Sohpetbneng, visitors are urged to refrain from polluting the surrounding areas and surrounding areas. , it is forbidden to sliew or burn fires in forest areas, and food items should not be thrown away,” said Rgh Païa.
Khliehriat, November 7: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has congratulated the MDA government led by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma for completing the C&RD Block in Lumshnong, Narpuh District. At the same time, the union urges the government to expedite the construction of its own office for the C&RD Block, not just to use it. This office has been used for the purpose of setting up a Skill and Development Center for the benefit of the people especially those who have skills.
After this, the Wasan enter each household to perform the ritual 'Shoh Thyndai' by shooting and sympathizing with each household with the Deinkhlam to drive away the evil spirits, diseases and diseases. and all the evil from the house.
After applying online, please print the KYC form and submit it to the office of the Directorate of Higher and Technical Education Shillong to receive the KYC form. item.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 1: Two brothers from Kaitkohram village, West Khasi Hills District have survived a house fire on the 23rd of this month at 12.30 pm. of them is going to Saturday.
The Director General of Police (DGP) of Nagaland, Rupin Sharma, has urged everyone to treat drug addicts as patients and not as criminals. .
This was announced by the Dolloi of Nangbah Elaka at the election of Waheh Chnong held on Thursday.
It is for this reason that we say that we elect leaders to the Legislative Assemblies, which means that the duty of the leaders is to make laws and others will follow.
He said that it cannot be forgotten that the UDP party in Mawkyrwat Constituency in the past years has been a very strong party compared to the time when there was late Bah BB Nongsiej. The former MLA/MDC of Mawkyrwat Constituency from the UDP party has been a pioneer in many fields in the past decades.
Regarding employment, Bah Marwein said the government's law on this issue is too weak.
Only the memory of my childhood will remain;The time of joy and happiness,Without sorrow.
We would like to point out that the discussion on the Roster System only within the Cabinet meeting will not solve the problem.
He doesn't work, he doesn't work, He doesn't work like La' tymmen; you hate, Kumba you don't sit down you thlen.
Shillong: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (COMSO) today held a sit-in protest at the SoSo Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
The Minister said that this area has never seen such growth as it has in the last six years.
This ceremony is for the leader of the Khasi people, the ancestors of the ruling Kur and U-Lei Shyllong.
On the other hand, the KSU has lodged a complaint with the police for the immediate arrest of these two foreigners involved in this incident. you of my work.
We strongly urge everyone to fulfill our duty to fulfill the tikka as part of our self-defense.
Dr. SK Chaudhury, DDG, Natural Resource Management, ICAR, New Delhi and others were present.
The lack of roads in the border area has also put the Border Security Force (BSF) in a difficult situation especially during the rainy season when there is flooding in various rivers which blocks their passage.
This was followed by a speech by expert researchers.
Shillong, November 22: Earlier, Bah Adelbert Nongrum announced that he will hold a meeting at the Community Hall, Jaiaw Lum Pyllon & Shyiap on the 25th of November to discuss the Village Administration Bill (VAB). He also announced that the Rangbah Shnongs of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs will be present.
The first round of the Super League of the Amlarem Sub Division Sports Association (ASSA) came to an end with Umladkhur beating Man I Bha 2-0 at Ladjaplem Stadium on November
The SP said the two arrested were identified as Jun Jun N Sangma and Kalbin N Marak of Megapgre Samanda village in East Garo Hills district.
Shan that's HOK, shano that's Jingshisha.
Shillong: The new Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Dr Donkupar Roy, has set a target to complete the new Legislative Assembly within his term.
Therefore, after sufficient evidence and after the hearing, the Special Judge of the Court (POCSO), Jowai, on 29.09.2023 in the Special Session (POCSO) found the involvement of Lucky Dhar on the rape of the child and announced the sentence.
Therefore, the party would like to inform the BJP leader that the state needs strong and powerful laws to curb the influx of mynder and foreigners into the area before allowing the road. the train will not come here.
One of the leaders, Rophul S.Marak, who is also a close relative of Balsan Marak, said that Marak was forced by the police to confess to crimes he did not commit. “The authorities should investigate the truth, what he has revealed when he has nothing to do with the case,” said Rophul.
However, NEHU has not yet appeared among the top 100 educational institutions in the country or in the Overall Ranking.
The body of Fullmoon was found on the same day in the evening from Mynkre near the road to Amrit Cement, East Jaintia Hills.
He joined the club which represented the states from the North East from November 2020 to
When any conflict arises, we strive to resolve it by talking to each other so that peace and harmony can be restored without any tragic incident.
The Chief Minister, who is also the National President of the National People's Party (NPP), on 15th June, left for Shallang to campaign for the NPP candidate from Mawshynrut Constituency, Bah Gigur Myrthong.
The word “literary” means literature, but this story here is not about the Association of Writers or the meeting on literature. .
Also present on the occasion were the MLA of the area, Bah Process T Sawkmie, the MDC of the area, Bah Teibor Pathaw and the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai.
Speaking on behalf of the Union, S.Pajuh (General Secretary) said that the protection of the environment is one of the activities of the Union and the Union will continue to implement this mission by cooperate with any individual or village or NGO for the planting of trees in areas where the Union is able and authorized to plant.
Others have appeared like wild boars, without recognition and therefore, the residents have faced many problems such as traffic jams, road blockages, lack of drinking water and others.
They say that giving birth to a mother is a gift and gift from God.
Furthermore, not only this constituency but others are also facing problems if it is not for the road it may be for other development projects that they cannot implement properly.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr HH Mohrmen recalled that the celebration of WED which started in 1972 has turned 50 this year.
Although the disease does not affect the children until they are asleep, they find it difficult to eat and it is easier to treat them.
Shillong, June 11: Leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday met with the Vice Chancellor of the North Eastern Hill University, Prof. P. Shukla to seek clarification regarding the vacancy. 198 posts of teachers since 10 years ago which have not been filled yet and 31 posts in Group-A which fall under the Non-Faculty.
The winners will receive 10 prizes each in the SSLC and HSSLC. The required documents include Marksheet, Birth Certificate, Schedule Tribe, EPIC, two photographs and phone number.
There is no government without the people.
He said the report on this is being sought from the relevant department so that he can read it carefully before taking a decision.
If they are found positive, they will be taken to government health centers and if they don't have anything, they will be allowed to go to their villages in the districts where they are. The villages will have to stay at home for 14 years and this will also apply to all those in their homes.
It is learned that there were also traders who were still delivering their ktung this evening, but they too were destroyed by the fire.
Shortly after the hearing of the two leaders, the court has granted bail to the two leaders without any conditions. They said that they still trust under the leadership of these two men.
The Minister said that the promise to make Meghalaya the 10th state among all the States is a goal that should be achieved by 2032, the year when the State will rank 10 celebrate your 60th birthday.
If the state governments do not have strategies to fight against Covid-19 as soon as possible, the people in our small and poor states are in great danger.
In the same year, he was informed about the ban on the use of plastic with the aim of preserving the traditional customs and as EM at that time, he was also pleased to strengthen the Hima Mylliem with the aim of bringing in a Syiem to rule. .
These three schools where I have taught are Adhoc schools where I receive a small salary.
The curfew will be lifted on the 15th at 6 pm.
"You're right, Nadong shadong," replied Bhalang.
However, on the morning of Friday, 5th November, the snake was found again, having escaped from the forest and went to sit behind the Catholic church.
The following shows the trends on GST taxes during the months of this year.
Ri Bhoi District is a place where many of the people have been affected by various diseases in the past, where it has also been affected by malaria cases. “With the initiative of the government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, together with the hard work of the staff in the health centres, we have been able to control the spread of this disease,” said Dr.DD Lapang.
He also appealed to the people of Ri Bhoi to cooperate in the fight against the dro and hoped that with the cooperation of the people of Ri Bhoi, the police force in Ri Bhoi will be able to fight against drug trafficking. illegal drug trafficking, he added.
“I strongly oppose the Government's decision to appoint this person as Secretary of MSCTE,” said Bah Bsaïawmoit.
He said that after some of his friends who used to play with him recorded a video and uploaded it on social media.
The fire burned and destroyed Heracles.
Shillong: Mawhati MLA Julius Dorphang, who is currently in jail, is ready to contest the 2018 MLA election from jail and will go to register as a candidate before the election.
Through this information, the Police Department conducted a search operation on the morning of 16th January, 2023 and nine members were arrested by the Police from different parts of Eastern They also include a child under 18 years old who was arrested from East Khasi Hills District.
Hollywood reports that Rihanna now holds the number one position with the most followers on Twitter and Katy has moved into second place.
Three coal miners have died last month when the box they were carrying fell due to a sudden cut of the tyllai on 6th November.
He urged that through this programme, as school children after receiving explanation on the role of tobacco, they should also spread this message to others so that people can avoid using tobacco. he smokes so that they are happy and healthy.
In fact, the Salesian Fathers have a plan to set up a museum in this place, after there was a discussion to establish a branch from Mawlai, but only for the development of the state and also for the sake of They have no objection to providing the land for the construction of the Umroi Airport, if the government pays the fee for the land.
Speaking to reporters after announcing his victory, Bah Synshar said that the victory and the victory against the NPP candidate is due to the people. and he loved Maheh.
If it is not done strongly, one day the time will come when almost all the youth will become people who cannot give the best to the society.
" said Maheh.
This bridge is located on Laskein Barato Road, under Laskein Block.
The Shillong Western Bye-pass will also help to alleviate the heavy burden of the Umiam Dam or the Main Dam of the Umiam Dam.
Jowai, Nailur 24: The President of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia Hills District, Daniel Khongsit, on Tuesday said that the Union of Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia Hills District has urged the government to suspend the proposal to hand over the electricity sub-division. MeECL is located in Amlarem.
The following are the reasons why you should drink a glass of milk before bedtime: Weight loss: A glass of milk and a glass of milk before going to bed can help with digestion.
Speaking to media, the CM said there is no opposition to the NEP. Although there will be problems in terms of staff and infrastructure, there will always be problems from the NEP. the role of bringing about any change.
He said that the government will meet with the district administration and BSF officials to discuss issues related to the views of the AIUDF MLA. In 2021, the security forces have registered 1181 cases in the border districts, seized 612 vehicles and arrested 1326 people.
Will the BJP implement the Uniform Civil Code in Meghalaya?” The AICC leader asked the BJP on the implementation of development projects in Meghalaya.
I would also like to thank all those who have taken part in this event especially the Truck Owners and Driver Associations, the War Jaintia Limestone & Boulderstone & Miner Association, the supporters and us. They also expressed their gratitude to Bah P.Tynsong, Minister Forest for listening to the prayers of the organization for the sake of the lives and deaths of the people.
Three robbers were arrested on the night of the 5th and two others were arrested on the morning of the 6th.
In Sohra, it is said that Saitsohpen was the headquarters of the foreign government officials at that time.
When inquired, Bah Laitphar Syngkren said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has directed the Deputy Commissioner to look into the matter.
At the same time, he expressed his desire to hold joint prayers and concerts in his constituency to pray for peace and for the refugees of the conflict in Manipur.
The election for the election of the Sordar of the Raid will be held on the 15th with 1950 male voters.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 27: The price of petrol and diesel has started to rise again gradually and until Saturday, the price of petrol has risen to Rs rise to more than a hundred rupees per litre.
Therefore, as it turns out, the giving of jait to the husband is much better than giving the jait to the mother as we Khasi do.
Shillong, July 6: U NCP MDC from Laban-Mawprem constituency, Bah Ricky Shullai, today prepared to contest the 2018 MLA election from Myliem constituency.
In today's celebration, despite the cold weather, everything went smoothly.
The G20 countries have the third largest population in the world and their collective actions have a global impact.
He said that all the facts will come out after the arrest of the two youths who committed the crime.
On the 9th, 28 persons including 17 from Shillong and 11 from Tura will be dismissed while on the 10th 14 persons including 4 from Shillong and 10 of them were from Tura.
Their mother was Kong Ilainshab Phanwar, who was from Mairang.
This is somewhat behind the scenes because in previous years the post of Depot Manager has been promoted to the post of Deputy General Manager (DGM) but the advertisement for the two posts, namely, the post Assistant General Manager and Assistant General Manager (Administrative) has caused problems to the regular employees who should have been promoted.
So to clarify, let us look at more in the next section.
“That is why we have sat in the CEC to discuss and think about the future of our party, and because there is no consensus we have taken another decision. “In this regard, we have set up a committee comprising the leading members and the purpose is to discuss the future of the party”.
In 2014, East Garo recorded 361 crimes, East Khasi Hills 2787, Ribhoi 725, South Garo Hills 344, West Garo Hills 1089, Wet Khasi Hills 572, East Jaintia Hills 588, North Garo Hills 334, South West Garo Hills 132, South West Khasi 130 and West Jaintia Hills
“Recently, the leaders have invited us to Delhi to discuss the elections in the state and from what I have heard is that the people have wanted the BJP to rule the state. “By the Double Engine Government or the ruling government in the state and in Delhi by the BJP so that development works can flow to the state for the benefit of the people,” he said.
Brighstar Marbaniang, candidate from Mawlai, said that compared to other states in the North East, Meghalaya is at the bottom in all aspects, whether it is education, health. shym, in the case of the case.
Qatar beat Ecuador 2-0 in the opening match of the World Cup on Saturday night.
He expressed his concern that government factories or government departments will be severely affected by this shortage of funds of the state government.
“U Bah Metbah on the other hand, admitted that due to the Covid-19 pandemic, there is a shortage of staff in the implementation of this project. I have already talked to the political department to look into this issue to bring in skilled labor from outside the state.
When contacted by Rupang, Bah Khonglah said that since the time of the conflict between the Khasi and foreigners, the village has decided to take this road. to prevent the entry of foreigners who do not know their identity as they may be robbers who have come to hide in this village.
We also suggest for the provision of facilities in Jaintia Hills for the benefit of the youth, referring to the overcrowding in Shillong.
It happened on Sunday in the Portuguese city of Setubal, about 45 kilometers or 28 miles south of Setubal.
He said that in the past three months, the state police have laid the foundation to work with the people in all the villages in Garo Hills to convey their voice to the insurgents to come back to the country. the road is not direct.
There are many reasons why as soon as this election comes, people die like magic.
I was so wrong.
At the meeting, MEPA President Monarch Shabong expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Lambok Thabah and said it is a great loss to the journalism industry in the state.
The NPP meeting chaired by former Rajya Sabha MP Thomas Sangma has unanimously decided to nominate Conrad Sangma as the candidate for the election. .
He stressed on the state's commitment to the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra which is being held across the country.
We haven't closed the door, we're open to everyone," he added.
Speaking at the briefing, DIG BSF, Jowai Sector, ND Bahuguna urged the people to continue to cooperate with the BSF troops for the sake of peace and order in the border areas.
So they stopped for a few minutes before walking along the road.
The backwardness and backwardness of this Constituency is inexplicable.
One day during the lockdown, a friend of mine called me and said, “Now that I am old, I remember all the things I did in the past when I was healthy.
“Therefore, regarding the letter sent by the Superintending Engineer PHE Western Circle Nongstoiñ on 9th June to the DC, to apologize for the mistake in the appointment without the knowledge of the District Selection Committee (DSC) After the Election, those who have been appointed will be removed.
Diary Jamatia lodged a complaint that on the morning of 28th November, robbers stole his motorcycle (ML-05N-3360) from his residence in Demthring, Shillong. .
About 270 participants will take part in the celebration, including those who will come from abroad to encourage the celebration.
Fatima has coached Meghalaya this season in the U-19 Women's T20 Trophy and the U-19 Women's One Day Trophy.
Shillong: The delay in the announcement of the candidates by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leaders has put in darkness not only the residents, but also the people who have applied for the ticket to become candidates. as a candidate of this party.
The training program started from 24-30 November at Samanlang.
In the petition, KHNAM, said that there are idols in these rivers, which are made of dew byrtha, made of jain, silver, siej and various colors and these have caused serious pollution. The water, after the time of worship and these colors, shapes and creations of these gods, cause the death of fish, the loss of water and other dangers, which are in these rivers.
Speaking to reporters after the opening ceremony of the Meghalaya Collective, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said that she is delighted to hear from some of the managers of these bases, that there are among them, that they work in the fields, earn and sell, is up to 10 crore and 2 crore tyngka per annum.
Therefore, those who have can do whatever they want and those who do not have have to remain silent and without thinking we say that we are in a democratic or free country.
Shillong: The Central Executive Council (CEC) of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its dissatisfaction with the reports in the media recently regarding the incident ha Shohshrieh.
“These people in power are acting like they are being accused without facts.
In the 2019-20 Hero Santosh Trophy season, he also led the state team to take part in the tournament, but after the outbreak of the disease, the programs were cancelled. everything.
The District Council's violence against the Dorbar Shnong of Sohmynting on 18th June is against the Constitution of India which is a democratic country.
“In this regard, we have received reports that there is an Expert Committee which has suggested to look into the price only for high-ranking government employees, what does this mean?” he asked.
The commission said that to take this forward by listening to the testimony of witnesses and it is also necessary to take a true decision.
The Wildlife Protection Act 1972 was introduced to protect and preserve wildlife such as tigers, lions, elephants, lions, lions, hyenas, wild boars, squirrels, rabbits, cobras, pythons, kuratia and others.
The meeting was led by Rev Fr January, Rev Frithing D Sangma, Roger Benny A. Sangma, Nikman Ch Marak, Rocky Fiellier M Sangma and Rakseng R Marak.
Sanvert Kurkalang scored 35 runs off 25 balls while Reebok Hynniewta scored 45 runs and 39 runs respectively.
After they were able to marry the Khasi women, they did not hesitate because they had sufficient evidence to own the land or shops in the market.
Nongpoh, Naitung, 09: Leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) including James Hitler Mawphniang, Secretary Legal Affairs, KSU CEC and Ferdinald Kharkamni, President KSU NHKD, together with their members, today confirmed the new office bearers. of the four units under the Nongpoh Circle.
He said that the candidate for Andro Constituency L Sanjoy Singh has informed that the meeting has been scheduled at the right time as the big meeting will be held on the first day.
1290 days+45 days = 1335 days.
“Therefore, the start of classes at the first Medical College should have been from November to April,” said Rio.
From the same village which charges the entrance fee for Khasi women, when asked what they do to those Khasi girls who bring Dkhars to the village, many of the villagers and village leaders gave, They say that what has happened has happened, but from now on, the village will strongly warn those who marry Dkhars.
Marketers are not psychologists, but they apply them in their strategies.
In a statement sent by the President of FKJGP, Firstborn John Marngar, he said that this meeting with the SDO was after the FKJGP witnessed with his own eyes and the grievances of the FKJGP. On the other hand, the residents and neighbors of the village have gone to meet him and also because this road has caused a lot of problems especially to commercial vehicles and vehicles carrying goods such as biscuits due to this season. It is the time of biscuits and the people earn a living from this crop.
He said Purno Sangma's contest in the presidential election is a clear message to the people that they are no longer left behind and they have all the rights to contest for the highest seat. tam in the country.
Nongpoh, July 24: The Union of Nongpoh Town (SSSNT) today expressed its regret over the violence of the state government in taking over the management of the Market Complex in Nongpoh is the member of the Nongpoh Town Committee (NTC).
It is worth mentioning that many of the logging companies in Jirang are run by foreigners while the Khasi are well-known in the trade and all the logging companies are run by foreigners. to meet with foreigners on that day.
US military aircraft only 50,000 feet, commercial jetliner only 30,000 feet if higher altitude runs out of oxygen.
Two questions that often prompt me to ask myself are, What did I do in the old year and what will I do in the new year? As we move forward in life, let us pause and pray in the words of the ancient saints who prayed, “A! God lead us from injustice to righteousness and truth, from darkness to light and from death to life.
Ma Lahkmen Rymbui said that in the last three years, despite the COVID-19 pandemic, the MDA government has almost fulfilled all its promises. promised during the elections, but there are still a few things that have not been fulfilled.
These tin sop houses, which the MLA has distributed to the poor families, have been assisted through the Chief Minister Housing Assistant Programme.
“Before I brought up the issue, I thought carefully, I lost sleep,” he said.
They said they have spoken to the government about this and the government has admitted that there was a mistake from the beginning.
These effects should disappear after only 2/3 days.9.
In the second half, Chiehruphi opened the scoring in the 58th minute through Suting Syrti.
R Sangma, MLA of Chokpot Constituency, held a meeting at Umden Umsaitprah, to investigate the issue of many disputes between the land owners and the District Authorities of Ri Bhoi.
To elect MLAs in 2023, we will elect only those whom we have seen that they obey the people of the Jaitbynriew.
The JAC-NEHU on Tuesday said that the talks with the Vice-Chancellor (VC) of the university, Prof. SK Shukla can only succeed if the Technical Officer/Senior Consultant, Rohit, is dismissed. Prasad.
According to Bah HDR, the most important thing to avoid accidents is to know how to protect and understand themselves and parents should teach their children well.
How many of them will survive and how many will fail.
The group, known as the United Liberation Front of Western South East Asia, includes the NSCN (K), Ulfa (I), Kamatapur Liberation Organization and NDFB ( Songbijit), they claimed responsibility for the attack and killed the 20 soldiers.
Scholars say that books, music and the language we speak reveal everything we have in our hearts.
However, sources said that there has been a protest from within to change the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma who has resigned from the post of Prime Minister especially that he has not done anything to punish the MLAs who do not support him. the party's MP candidate in this election.
Kanye also said he has never voted in his life.
Not only that, now the candidates are competing with each other who has the most money, who can distribute the most money, distribute equipment, distribute aid per day, and this practice has been passed down to their leaders and the people until That the election campaign in the state is a money laundering campaign even though they pretend to talk about patriotism.
The party will not allow foreigners to invade the state, that is, by insulting the indigenous people and the party will not allow at all especially those who do not have proper documents, because if the organization will find out, it will act decisively.
Once a person is alone he doesn't know the good and the bad and the good characteristics of others and this is what makes a person look bad only at the work of others.
“We want to implement it as soon as possible but many of the school authorities have requested the government not to be ready for the implementation in the 2023-24 season, but they have requested that they They are ready for the 2024-2025 season,” he said.
He is the son of Rose Suna of Mukhla.
Speech was also delivered by Kong B. Hek, CDPO, ICDS Project.
The chairman of the ANVC-B also expressed his desire that the authorities should call for talks once again on the peace agreement.
Bensy – 9747030731, Dr.Sr.
The new arrangement also proposes to change the grading system of Judicial Officers as per the directive of the Supreme Court,” she said.
Pangniang said that since the independence of the state, (L) Hopingstone Lyngdoh and the HSPDP have demanded from time to time and thousands of times (L) Hopingstone Lyngdoh has demanded They demanded in the Assembly but they did not listen.
Otherwise, what is the benefit of being a Sordar or Rangbah Shnong? It is very helpful to have an MLA who is responsible and who visits the villages from time to time, not only when invited.
This condition causes too much blood to flow into the lungs leading to high blood pressure (pulmonary hypertension) and failure of the blood vessels.
“ I will say.
However, they speak only because the Parliament is coming to an end and the government does not have time to listen to them.
On the other hand, Ma Dawan Lyngdoh MDC encouraged these brothers and sisters to be wise and united in relation to any activities and situations.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the Cabinet has also approved a new Office Memorandum relating to the Roster System.
The song will be a collaboration between Jasleen Royal and rapper Dino James.
Khliehriat, July 04: The Dorbar Shnong Pamrapaithlu on Friday rejected the arrest of Monkiru Shyrmang, a robber involved in the murder of a woman, as a resident of the village. Pamrapathlu.
Regarding the Community Hall, it was reported that the foundations of the Dorbar Hall were erected on 05.03.2016 with the financial support of Prof RC Laloo MLA, Kong Wansuk Syiem MP Rajya Sabha, VH Pala MP Lok Sabha. , JU Nongrum, Former MDC Moonlight Pariat, Andrew Shullai MDC.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: After the protest near the Additional Secretariat failed because the government has not listened or responded to the demands of 13 civil society groups, the leaders of the The 13 organizations said that they will have to think again and soon they will announce their other protest programmes.
Conrad said that the minor works of government departments which the government should have given to the GHADC have not gone ahead.
The party will also continue to follow up on various roads even if you have to visit with your own eyes.
Government offices will operate in accordance with the directive of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, dated 19th June
Up to 50 experts will be able to train across the districts through this helpline.
It is surprising to see that the District Council, which has been established for many years and has the authority to make laws on these customs, has not done anything or thought about this important issue.
After receiving a tip from the family members of the child, the union immediately went to search for the suspect and after the search, the union arrested the suspect near Khonglah village while he was on his way to work at Khonglah. one house.
