The Court issued this order after Bah Mylliemngap appealed against the Special Leave Petition and ordered him to appeal to the High Court against the order of the Supreme Court. the rules of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) in the construction of houses.
In a statement, the President of the Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSTA), Babu Kular Khongjirem, said that many of the arrears from many schools have been returned due to lack of preparation.
Even the Secondary School has not been established which has made it difficult for the children and parents to send them to school far away from the village.
These six persons were buried today, five of them are children of the Presbyterian Church Nongkya while one is a young girl of the Church of God of the same village. Wellbornson Nongkseh, 7 years old, second son of Rophina Nongkseh, who passed away on the 29th of this month.
As a society, we should have a goal on how to develop the family which is the heritage of every person of the Hynniewtrep people. but when there is no peace, the desire of their children comes to an end.
Shillong, Lber 06 : The manufacturer of shñiuh perfumes from Umseiniong Marbaniang, Sadew area, Kong Reality Syiem on Tuesday said that due to the marketing of the perfumes she produces, she has caused some People take advantage of the opportunity to sell their own medicines in the name of their own medicines.
Speaking to media, MRDSTA President Bah E Nongsiang said that since 2020, the MRDSTA has demanded from the State Government to increase the DCRG from T.3.5 lakh to T.10 lakh but the Government has not yet done so. Bah Nongsiang said that there are about 3000 deficit teachers who have retired but have not yet received their pension. among Teachers who have been retired for more than 20 years.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Justice Dinesh Maheshwari, on Tuesday said that there is a great deal of progress in Meghalaya, because there is no judiciary, which has existed since ancient times, which has brought about the results. He also praised the fact that there are Village Courts, District Council Courts, which are along with the Government Courts, which perform their various duties.
He came unto his own, and they that were his own received him not.
The question is why we the people have been waiting for these things for so long.
When we take into account all those writers who have the spirit and courage to create words that are strong for those who listen and read, they always have a strong idea that can be summarized as poets.
“You know in Meghalaya you can't sit like a stone, there are always protests.
I'm still happy to clean the eight muid.
Owaisi said Kashmir has now been turned into the West Bank.
He said that riewhadem should be planted in a suitable pork area and should not be planted for a long time and should be planted at the same time.
At the same time, the CEM said that the Synjuk Ki Rangbah is one of the ones who will work together for the welfare of the people especially from the evils that are common these days from drugs, marriage and others.
The Board met on 30th June and visited the private universities and issued a directive against the shortage of CMJ University on the same day.
A farmer from Agra, who has been in debt, has returned the money he received under the Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samman Nidhi scheme to the Prime Minister. In Uttar Pradesh, Yogi Adityanath.
When asked why she chose this party, Bah Rngad said who is not inspired by the great work of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi in promoting the development of the poor.
He recalled that after 30 years, many officers have become BDOs and during these years, many of them have many shortcomings.
There are seven candidates for the election: Samlin Malngiang of the NPP, Synshar Lyngdoh of the UDP, S. Osborne of the Congress, Eric Kharbuki of the BJP and Stoding. There are 34,783 voters, of whom 17,096 are males and 17,687 are females.
When Rupang visited Ichamati on the 29th, it was seen that the roads from Tyrna to Ichamati were very busy and almost all the shops were closed.
:The Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the state government will select the best company to run the Emergency 108 or 108 ambulances.
However, we have not yet understood that Prestone will have to stand face to face if there is any problem faced by the government.
The most terrible thing is that even the thieves, robbers and money launderers are lucky in this market because they too earn the same rights as others but they should learn. to be careful of your own money, property or property lest your rights be stolen by others.
These include EGH: 02, EJH: 08, EKH: 142, NGH: 06, RBD: 58, SGH: 01, SWGH: 04, SWKH: 06, WGH: 96, WJH: 41 and WKH:
In this regard, I can give here the example of Bah Aiboklang Sohtun who lives in Laitkor.
But is it right to blame the shopkeepers for the violence? We don't understand the way the government works which wants people to come here and at the same time wants to ban the shopkeepers. the villagers shall sit and sell as they please.
There will be many programs of songs and dances by the actors and actresses of Khasi films.
The role of banks, CSCs and premiums that farmers have to pay were also explained in the programme.
The next day, as soon as she arrived at the shop, she began to tell Kong Mer about her visit from Khun Kha's house.
Dr Ampareen and Agatha K Sangma have been announced as the NPP candidates for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
We cannot deny that we need to follow the path of the new century, the 21st Century.
The shopping center was constructed by Rapsang Group of Companies in collaboration with Real Growth Company of Chennai.
Replying to a question by Dr Donkupar Roy in the House, Hek said the government has already signed an agreement with KPC Medical College and Hospital, Jadavpur on On 2nd March, 2012, an agreement was signed on 2nd November, 2012 to build this Medical College in Shillong through a Public Private Partnership (PPP).
“As we have already announced last year that we want to promote this tournament in the North East and this year we will hold this tournament in Shillong and Kokrajhar,” he said. Lt.Gen.
The farmers who start earning money until sunset should be worried about the growth of these riewdum.
The total number of cases has risen to 5,586, of which 2,170 are still infected, 3,404 have recovered and 2 have died. They have reached 11 cases today.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2: U Lahkmen Rymbai, President of the West Jaintia Hills District Congress Committee (WDDC), has decided not to contest from the Congress ticket in the 2018 elections. Ma RC Laloo has decided not to contest the next election.
Shillong, Nailar, 09: The Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Redressal Forum (HBDRF) on Tuesday said that it wants the report of the Inquiry Commission appointed by the Meghalaya and Assam Governments to investigate the incident. The shooting death of seven people in Mukroh village on 22nd November, 2022 should be handed over to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) or the National Investigation Agency (NIA).
That they do no wrong in judgment, in measure, or in weight, or in measure.
The association was formed after one of the former members of the Rot Association of Meghalaya was expelled from the association for meeting and giving an interview about her life in front of a journalist.
Police have shot and wounded the suspect and he is now undergoing treatment at the hospital.
One of the occupants of the scooty was injured and was taken to Civil Hospital, Shillong.
After rescuing his brother, the brother went to hide him at the bottom of a blang shed near the house. They survived the incident but suffered severe injuries due to the loss of strength in their bodies.
The capital of the Sutnga kingdom was moved from Sutnga to Sylhet, the capital of King Bortasain, and the kingdom was renamed Jaintiapur.
Controlling youth unemployment across G20 countries requires enhancing young people’s employability skills such as knowledge regarding digital careers, and building sensitive maturity to technology and environment.
The Report of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) for the years 2009, 2010 and 2011 was also approved by the members of the House to be sent to the Governor. State.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has called on every resident to stay away from others and to leave their homes only in case of urgent need. Prevent the spread of Corona virus.
The program was held in Aizawl and was hosted by the Cricket Association of Mizoram.
Shillong: After the newly elected President of the Congress party in Meghalaya, Bah Vincent H Pala, said that the first goal is to bring back the former Congress leaders who have left. The party has once again strengthened the party in preparation for the MLA elections to the Legislative Assembly to be held in
The demand of the NEDF is to demand that the central government should stop the construction of uranium mining sites in the state and other states.
The Chief Guest stressed that despite the focus on books, it is necessary for all of us as school children to be involved in physical activity, because physical activity is the most important thing to achieve success. met that healed crate.
Speaking on the occasion, they praised the police for being quick to come when they called and also on the part of the SP, he said many things that are beneficial in the field of khaddar governance and assistance. “I would like to thank you very much for helping us and today we would like to thank you,” said Bah Syiem. With the help of the VDPs, we will send you more news in the next few days.
UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, State Government Minister Paul Lyngdoh, UDP MLAs Renikton Lyngdoh and Matthew Kurbah along with UDP supporters from Sohiong attended the ceremony. More than 1,000 people have gathered in front of the DC, Shillong.
Onio Sutnga scored a hat-trick in the 5th, 45+3 and 87th minutes while another goal was scored by John Suchen in the 44th minute.
With this announcement, 7 candidates will be eligible to become MLA/MDC if they do not resign before 1st March, 2015 to be eligible.
Non-NFSA – 7.215 kilos per card at the price of 13 tyngka per kilo Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Awaas Scheme (PMGKAY) PHH – 5 kilos per person without receiving money AAY – 5 kilos per person without receiving money or deduct from the share allocated by the Government in connection with the distribution of any food items provided under the PMGKAY, NFSA and Non-NFSA schemes and all FPS dealers have been directed not to those who do not have Aadhaar Card and those who have lost their ration cards.
The sale of sohsaw in Delhi-NCR has started from 14th November,
This has put a lot of pressure on them when there is illness or death,” he said.
Earlier, NPP Meghalaya President Dr. WR Kharlukhi, who is also an MP in the Rajya Sabha, said that Dr. Jasmine comes from a family that has fought for equality and peace since her father. PG Marbaniang, brother of RG Lyngdoh and sister of Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA of Laitumkhrah.
Noting that there is a need to build a veterinary hospital in the area for the benefit of the residents of the area, Bah Hamlet said that he has already informed the relevant department about this decision. .
He said that this is a stepping stone towards the development of agricultural products through cooperation between the states and to improve the income of the farmers.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15 : Meghalaya and Mizoram have reached the final round of the U-21 Football Championship of the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022, to be held on the 16th of this month. This month at MFA Polo Ground, Shillong at 1:00 pm.
However, I have never switched parties and instead of switching from one party to another I have decided to switch constituencies,” he added.
We have abolished other forms of government because their very foundation forces those in power to suppress or kill the free spirit of the subjects.
On the All Soul's Day, 2nd November, 2021, there will be only two Masses, at 9.30 pm and 1.30 pm.
These foreigners also lied that they lived in Shillong and claimed that they had entered the villages with the help of some Khasi.
However, Thlen, the chief of the three thousand animals, stood before the ruler and said, “My job is to gain wealth, by eating the longbriew. Pansngiat u Hynniew Hima did not dare to go outside anymore and called out to the distributor, the distributor (Ka Hukum) to help him.
Dei to Emperor Constantine.1.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Subanti Timung has killed her husband Balaram Teron at their residence in Ronghona, Byrnihat OP, Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday night.
After the hearing, Justice SR Sen issued an order on 4th November saying, “Since the accused has sought the assistance of the Court, it is the duty of this Court to grant some protection for him.
Vijayvargiya told reporters that there are still many TMC members who will join the BJP in the next seven elections.
'I never expected them to continue accusing me in this way.
At the same time, he said that the union has urged the Deputy Commissioner to immediately suspend these buildings in the area, otherwise the union will have to take action. other ways and to talk to the people about what steps they will take in the future.
Before losing to Techi Dol, he hit four 4s and two 6s for 35 off 21 balls.
Regarding the flag raising ceremony on the 29th of this month , the CEM said that there will be no public gathering or meeting but the flag raising ceremony will continue in their own country He urged the people to take part in the flag raising ceremony.
Aquarium boxes and ornamental fish were also distributed to four colleges in the district, namely Tirot Singh Memorial College and Khatsawphra College. , Mairang Presbyterian Science College and Mawkyllei College.
The whole world, from the young to the old to the children, is filled with joy and happiness in their own souls.
“Bah Gavin didn't want to contest from the BJP, but there was talk that the BJP would support him, but now that there is a candidate, it has changed,” said the BJP leader from Sohra.
In the meeting with these NHAI officials, we informed them about the urgent need to get Foot Over Bridges in urban areas especially and also the traffic police stations.
If only the artificial turf inside the stadium had been cleaned, it would have been completed but the drains around the stadium have not been completed and the seating area for the spectators has not been completed. they are not enough.
The word Lent refers to the Lent season and is the seven and a half months before Easter Sunday or the Resurrection of Jesus Christ.
Condemning the insurgency, Rakkam said that the insurgency has been sufficient, in which it has been witnessed that the people have been killed by the enemy.
In his speech, SC Laloo, CEO of Jowai Municipal Board, explained about the mission of NULM and its seven components.
The number of cases of coronavirus in Pakistan has risen to 1,526 so far on Tuesday.
“It is necessary for all those involved in this peace talks to clarify their concerns from all sides and it is a matter that will continue but we will work hard. to be able to fix it soon".
These two training centers shall be constructed and operated by the Banks selected for the district.
One of the most expensive commodities is land worth tens of lakhs and billions of rupees compared to other expensive commodities from cars, clothes, TVs, computers, food refrigerators, building materials and so on.
Meanwhile, Lyngdoh Wanniang Secondary School, Marshillong beat Nineset Secondary School 3-2 goals by tie breaker.
At this meeting, Dr. Aman said that when others saw that the UDP Shillong North has risen well, they started to raise their hands against them.
Even the burial place of Rev. Thomas Jones has been found after the hard work of Prof. David R. Syiemlieh.
Meanwhile, the President Mahila in the state, Jop Shylla, said, “Why should HDR resign when he is not involved in the rape of a 14-year-old girl? “It's our fault that we're the first to send him down,” she said.
The monthly salary has been paid only during the time promised by the Education Minister but this year, they have used the same old system once every 3/4 months without renewal. .
The incident occurred when the owner of the road, who had given them the contract to build the road, was shocked because the slep had already fallen and some of them were shocked. they were going to get alcohol, family members said.
Dr Mukul said that Prestone and the NPP do not need to accept the AITC but they should know what is happening on the ground.
Speaking on the 'No Tobacco Campaign' which is a campaign by students against drinking and smoking, Bah Metbah expressed his concern over the increasing use of illegal activities among the youth of the state including drinking alcohol. drugs, child marriage and so on.
However, due to the increasing number of defections, the Government of India has once again through the new amendment (and other rules) all those who have defected/or left the party have to resign as leaders and contest elections again. from the new Seng which they had joined.
“This is only for the benefit of some MDCs, including the CEM,” said Lakiang.
The JSU has already taken the decision today, but the President of the JSU, Bah Rikut N Parien, said that the JSU has not yet announced the decision and will announce it tomorrow. publicly the path of protest that the party has already decided.
In the fourth match between Demthring and Mookynphad Mihmyntdu, Mookynphad Mihmyntdu won 2-0
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has approved the Scheduled Tribes List.
According to the above expenditure and revenue, if the distribution of rice is only 3 tyngka per kilo, the loss will be 46478 (forty-seven thousand four hundred and ninety-five tyngka) per year, excluding other items. He said that the money has been paid after more than 10 years and since 2018 when I became a dealer again this year I have not received it yet. you have been faithful until now.
In terms of the percentage of those who have been vaccinated, 95% have already received the first dose while only 69% have received the second dose, down to 26%.
“Therefore, I believe that only the NPP is the party in the state that can bring peace to the people of the state, in terms of development and a bright future,” said Bah Shangpliang.
The films screened today include a film about the lifestyle of the people of Mawlasnai, a film about the Longhai Festival by the Syndai people which has been revived after 50 years. and a film about the construction of a new house in Shangpung Pohshnong and other international films made by the people of Shangpung.
“The problem is not the cost but the Hima Mawphlang (which has not yet given permission to the department to build the pumping station),” said the Minister of PHE, Marcuise N. Great.
The Khasi in the past did not encourage government work.
The three suspects were identified as Pringstar Nongrang, Shanbor Pathaw and Zecharious Kharthangmaw.
On the other hand, the Chancellor of the University, M Hoque, said that the university has named the building in the name of Dr. DD Lapang. He said that Dr DD Lapang is one of the great men who has served and contributed a lot to the society from his youth to his old age. He has not yet retired from serving the people and this is a good example in this generation.
Today, the police, after completing the necessary rituals, handed over the body of the deceased to the relatives for the rituals.
The North East has already faced challenges in terms of how to transform the economy and especially the employment opportunities for the youth.
A person who has fallen into religion does not have a sense of religion. If religion enters, chaos will come into the rule of law and if religion enters, it will develop the country and the nation.
The Union Secretary in charge of Health & Family Welfare has stressed on the measures taken to prevent and treat COVID cases as follows: there have been about 40,000 daily cases in recent weeks.
All government employees have been directed not to leave their offices between 10:00 AM and 5:30 PM on working days, except in cases where they cannot. and they must also obtain permission from the higher authorities before leaving their workplaces.
“I have talked to my friends that we need to bring back our friends, whatever happens during the elections, should end up thinking for the people.
Besides being stronger than the haw – haw which contains many kinds of jynhaw bih, they are also cold.
“You have to understand that the roster system is the way to fully implement the reservation policy,” he added.
He said that the hard work of Ma Sniawbhalang and Ma Wailadmiki has made this project a success.
Amlarem, June 14: The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply) of Amlarem Sub-Division has announced the allocation of ration under NFSA (AAY, PHH) and Non-NFSA for the month of June, It will be available in Fair Price Shop stores until June 15,
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner and Chairman of DDMA Ri-Bhoi District has also expressed his advice to the public to take precautions during this time, to protect themselves during heavy rain, storm and cold, Inform the district authorities if there are trees that are about to fall and pose a threat to the people, to take care of the tar, silver and tin sop household items that have started to collapse during the storm and to stay away from them. Switch off electrical appliances during storms, residents should not walk through streams during heavy rainfall, be careful when traveling and coming from earthquakes, especially do not allow the children shall not go outside.
This year, the Paro did not rest, as soon as it was released, it fled to the other side and came back and it is believed that this year will be a bad year in which diseases may strike. to the people.
The temporarily suspended Internet service has now been resumed.
The High Court said that if the government does so, it will benefit the government in terms of revenue collection and at the same time the income of the people who used to earn a living from jobs related to the dewïong can start again.
The program was attended by the Magistrate of the Civil Sub-Division, leaders of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of War.
He also expressed his readiness to provide support and cooperation through the assistance available to the Block Office.
Mizoram continued to score 170/8 and managed to score another 61 runs to finish with 231 runs for the loss of all wickets.
She received her honors, elective and Modern Indian Language subjects from Gauhati University and was employed by North-Eastern Hill University.
There are more than 50,000 people in the state who are eligible for assistance from this scheme.
This was announced in a statement by the Sports Secretary, Oriswell Khyriem.
In the case of the former EC led by the same parties that run the state govt and KHADC as well as pending all the works and laws whether it is in the government and office u Lat, how can we expect the present EC that the state govt will take responsibility for its actions and laws because they have become enemies of each other.
However, his inaction will never prevent us from doing anything.
The Minister of State for Higher Education, Dr. Nani Gopal Mahanta, Secretary Higher Education Narayan Konwar, IAS, Director of Higher Education Dharmakanta Mili were also present on the occasion.
Bah Samlin said that this is only the current assistance, but as the MDC of the area he will continue to provide assistance to the family with tins of household items and other necessities.
Then I answered him.
After the departure of Bah Ardent from the meeting, the chairman of the meeting, Bah T.Lyngdoh, temporarily adjourned the meeting to resolve the issue. The crowd left the meeting place and there was also a fight between the office bearers of the party, along with a handshake.
Shillong: U Pherlanroi Marthong, a youth from Wahkaji village, Shillong, who was seriously injured in a shooting incident at Gulflink, Shillong, died this morning at NEIGRIHMS Hospital.
Bindo Lanong, Metbah Lyngdoh, Jemino Mawthoh and Paul Lyngdoh have also been nominated for the post of party candidates.
Elon Musk has announced the new Tesla Roadster, which will be the fastest car ever produced in the world and its speed will be able to change its speed. , from 0 to 60 meters, which will be between 1.9 seconds.
Shillong, July 24: The Village Administration Bill (VAB) has been sent back to the Governor of Meghalaya for approval.
Furthermore, the free rice, ie, rice under the PMGKAY scheme, will be distributed at 5 kilos per head for those who do not have AAY and PHH ration cards. The government has directed all FPS dealers not to destroy the food items under the PMGKAY, NFSA and Non-NFSA schemes. those consumers who do not yet have Aadhaar Card and those who have lost their ration cards.
The President of the All Jaintia Cements and Clinker Transporters Association, Balen Thubru, said that the government should verify and tell us clearly where the thew places are when we travel from Lumshnong to Guwahati and when we travel from Lumshnong to Silchar. “There are three check gates of the District Council CIL, one at Mookyndur, one at Mawryngkneng and one at Umkiang. and if you leave Lumshnong, there is a weighbridge at Malidor, Rattacherra.
Peace will be on earth if we love our neighbors, and respect all religions and all people.
Sokon went to the office to meet the engineers involved.
Nabab lost his wisdom, he was burned up, and he couldn't speak anymore, but what could he do? They answered, and they gave him the answer.
Therefore, the public is requested to accept the price of rice without AAY and PHH Ration Card except for Non-NFSA Ration Card as directed above. , please contact the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District or phone Toll Free No.1697, or the District Grievance Officer, East Jaintia Hills District.
He said the Bill will be ratified in the three states of the North East, Nagaland, Meghalaya and Mizoram.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has decided to say 'yes' to the central government's plan to amend the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016, which was passed in 1955, to accept citizens. Hindus, Sikhs, Persians, Buddhists, Christians from Afghanistan, Pakistan, and Bangladesh to come to India.
He said that the reason why the party has asked for this office is because many villages have found it difficult to go to other blocks like Bhoirymbong, Umsning, Umling. and if it is located in Mawhati, it will also make it easier for the village leaders and there will be more development projects for the development of the village and the area which is lagging behind in development projects.
He said that the people elected the Congress, but these same people who were elected turned against the party as well as the people.
“We urge the Prime Minister not only to speak but to take steps to end the violence and resolve the issues arising from this incident,” he said.
The miaw said, “If you will let me and my husband come and live with you in the house, that we may eat the bread, that we may eat at home, and that my wife may have children, in your bedchamber, and I will kill the raccoon.
This was announced by the HNLC Chairman and President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF), Bah Sadon K.Blah.
Shillong, Jymmang: The power outages may be reduced after the Meghalaya government has paid T.30 crore to NEEPCO and another T.20 crore in a month.
Daniel used to work in the kitchen of Wandsworth Prison and on that day he was wearing a kitchen uniform consisting of a white shirt and a blue and white trousers.
The spread of this fake news is strongly condemned.
Nongpoh, Naitung 13: As a sign of remembrance of the footsteps of (L) Fr.Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh, the Parish Mawbri today has turned the church forest into a 'Law Kyntang' Mawbri Parish is located in Sohliya Village, Ri Bhoi District.
When he came out of the house, He spread a klumar in the village of Wymhoi.
Whether the AITC will register in all 60 constituencies, he said that a decision will be taken later as the authority lies with the Chairperson of the AITC Mamata Banerjee and the State Leaders Dr Mukul Sangma. and Mr. Charles Pyngrope.
On June 5, Nicholas Metson pleaded guilty to the murder of his wife, formerly known as Holly Bramley, 26, in October .
After the suit ka shor at Pohsawiar, all the Kmairaij took their sticks to erect in their respective villages and the Khonraij took the Khnong Blai to Madan Moosyiem.
The FKJGP Leader said that the FKJGP will not ignore this issue and will not allow the State Government to decide at its own discretion.
He said the government has treated the insurgents in Garo Hills in the same way.
In protest against Gandhi's removal from the Lok Sabha, Sharma said the AICC will hold a 'Jai Bharat Satyagraha' from 29 October to 8 June. this year.
When asked, Hek said that to impose a complete curfew once again will not be easy, as the people across the state have faced many problems especially in terms of income but if it continues The government will not have any other options.
The protest was on the demand for the appointment of vacant posts in Garo Hills to provide electricity as there has been a complaint from the people about the excessive electricity shortage.
Another video showed that on Saturday, some people left the prison and raised flags of ISIS fighters. ), claimed that 17 of their soldiers, too, were killed in the fighting against ISIS militants in prison.
Only the villages that have asked the DCIC to provide public information have reached 70 villages.
He said that the section from 32 km to 41 km has been completed in June 2023, but the deterioration of the road has started to appear from now on.
In the Radiology Department, Dr. BK Sonowal and Neurologist, Dr. AJ Sarmah, are also responsible for the assistance of Dr. AJ Sarmah.
This made him angry that the paradohs had forgotten their roots.
It is understood that the state government will appear before the Tribunal on the 19th of this month, where they are expected to demand that the decision of the 17th of this month to suspend the mining. coal in these crematoria and also, that the transportation of coal, which has already been mined from these mines, should be stopped in the manner of crematoria.
However, if the UDP has the will, it can overthrow the NPP government by forming a coalition government with other parties after a while.
She said the government has accepted this decision and from now on this announcement will come into force and this will also apply to all the state government employees who are working in the area where there is a lot of insurgency. the state.
Speaking on the allegation that the Sordar Shnong Diengpasoh has used force, the village leaders said that the Sordar Shnong is not above the Dorbar Shnong. There is no need for foreigners to come and interfere because the people of the village know how to do what is necessary.
What is surprising is that these organizations are not willing to demand donations even from the Police across the West to East Jaintia Hills.
It is a blessing.
Dr Mukul also spoke about various development schemes implemented by the State Government and expressed the affected people of the State due to the ban on coal mining by the National Green Tribunal (NGT).
As the days went by, other young men appeared who were more beautiful and better than her.
Shillong: Assam and Arunachal Pradesh shared medals in the badminton tournament of the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 at the Jawaharlal Nehru Indoor Stadium today.
“The amount of money seized from the drug traffickers so far has reached T.24.22 lakh,” said the DGP. “The police have registered 48 cases and arrested 134 persons involved in these drug traffickers. Out of the 134 cases, 123 cases are from Meghalaya and 11 cases are from outside the state, namely Assam. Manipur and Arunachal Pradesh, the DGP said, adding, “This shows that drug traffickers are involved with drug traffickers from outside the state.
The suspect has been handed over to the police by the villagers and is under investigation.
The SBYWA said that despite the cooperation of the people to fight against COVID-19 in both the districts, if the disease reaches East and West Jaintia through truck drivers and followers of coal trucks, the government will should take responsibility, because until now the preparation for the fight against COVID-19 is not enough.
“We are deeply saddened to learn from the people that there has been an earthquake in Umthlong Lummawnei.
“I have done, I have worked to the best of my ability as an MDC whether it is for the community or personally, I am happy to serve in this position, if you still want to see me continue to serve Please support me once again in Mylliem constituency,” said Teilinia Thangkhiew while speaking at the rally.
On 20th March, 2019, T.10 lakh was raised and on 14th November, 2019, T.1.50 crore was raised by the contractors.
“Therefore, the party strongly warns against any Government or private persons who come to mislead the people of those areas by saying, 'The time is still enough. “It is too late for us to accept your change of heart,” said the Seng.
The collapse of the asteroid, which weighs up to 9 tonnes and is as heavy as a bus, has been expected by scientists for several months, and some have been very concerned that it could. go down to the place where you live.
It is a pleasure to have worked with him in the past years and they will remain in my memories,” said Dr. Mukul.
The BSF said that from time to time the cow traders hide the cows in the forest and when they escape they try to smuggle the cows to Bangladesh from places where the border has not been crossed.
Through their hard work, we have reduced the number of foreigners who came to work in this field because we have our own employees.
The NNSSCC invites the football fans of the area to come and witness the match between the two teams.
Police have received CCTV footage of the incident and the investigation is ongoing and they suspect that they are members of the GNLA. The jacket was suspected to have been worn by the perpetrators to hide the IED. Seven others were injured near the shop and police are conducting a thorough search operation to arrest the perpetrators. .
Israeli warplanes also bombed and killed Hamas militants in a remote-controlled vehicle, destroying the submarine and killing them. ehrang, who sat in one chariot.
The teachers have expressed their demands to the management of the college/institution and some of the demands are the dissolution of the management body, the appointment of Prof.Jeffreyson. There is also the introduction of the Uniform Service Rules for teachers.
The BJP has declared July 23 as Mukherjee's 'Balidan Diwas'
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The Kher Youth Association, Shella on Tuesday celebrated the 64th birth anniversary of the death anniversary of Rev JJM Nichols Roy, Father of the District Council. Rev JJM Nichols Roy was born and raised.
The SP also denied rumors on social media that the girl was taken in a commercial vehicle and raped before being killed.
The Assam Rifles have seized Rs 57 lakh from Dimapur in Nagaland.
The 6th Meghalaya Kayak Festival organized by the Ri Bhoi District on the Umtrew River has started today. .
Introducing the budget, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne said that the budget of T.46,27,16,190 will be implemented from 1st June to 20th July
The HYC has requested the West Khasi Hills District authorities to take action on this issue and to talk to the Kamrup District authorities in Assam in order to prevent any incident. peace and harmony in the border areas.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 18: U Bah Gabriel Wahlang MDC Nongstoin Constituency in the presence of Bah LG Nongsiej former MDC Nongstoin Constituency on Saturday inaugurated the bridge connecting Tiehsaw to Tiehsaw. upper New Nongstoiñ which is a footbridge constructed at a cost of 26 lakh tyngka through the KHADC. This bridge is located at Tiehsaw village near KJP Nongstoiñ School.
The photographs were taken from the Syntu Ksiar Road, Jowai, a place that attracts tourists, but it was found that the cleanliness has been too poor and even the clean places are still left without syrdep. he's the last jot.
On the occasion, Bah RJ Thangkhiew, Political Secretary of the RBYF, in the presence of Bah Vigyan Kharkongor, President of the RBYF Byrnihat Circle and others. other elders of Byrnihat.
The Border Security Force (BSF), Tripura in the past few days has arrested 18 robbers involved in the smuggling of cattle across the border.
“I remember the words of the Japanese general during World War II, that we (Japan) had done a terrible crime by attacking Pearl Harbor in America, until it turned The city of Hiroshima was destroyed and nothing has happened yet.
“How can they implement the VAB when almost all the Himas now have their own written laws except for a few Himas which have not yet, this shows that Prestone does not understand the duties of the VAB. The District Council,” said Bah Shylla.
Shillong: Ringdur Entertainment's new film will be released soon at Bijou Cinema Hall, Shillong.
When I read it, I felt like I was reading a story.
Other goals came from Kynsaibor Wankhar (12 min), Dameshanbor Gashnga (27 min), Jonas Nongbri (36 & 45 min), Shanbok Marboh (47 & 71 min), Ronnie Pyngrope (63 min), Blanang Khongsdam (64 min), Sondingroy Rngaid (75 & 77 min), Nangtei Kharlukhi (81 min).
The Central Government will now allocate more than T.40,000 crore through MGNREGS. This will help increase employment by about 300 crore days through this scheme and will help increase the need for employment including contractors. who returned to their villages during the rainy season.
And the police department cannot blame the people if they don't trust them because it is the actions of the department itself that have completely disrupted the work of the police.
The government has urged government employees not to listen to the call of the HNLC and urged the people to leave without any fear.
(well planned/ organised).
This is not the first time that police have recovered the bodies of abandoned newborns.
The Seng has also promised to monitor this issue and to stand with the people if Assam comes by force.
Shillong, July 05: The KHNAM has made it clear that the rules of procedure of the Expert Committee should include the issue of reviewing the Reservation Policy.
The CEM today also held a meeting with the leaders of the employees of JHADC and after requesting them to cancel their strike, they decided to cancel even if the The CEM could not confirm the payment of their salaries.
Under the PM-ABHIM for the year 2021-2026, the Minister said that the construction of Critical Care Block (CCB) and IPHL will take place in nine districts of Meghalaya.
On the demand of the HYC to provide firearms to the people living on the border, Ma Sniawbha said, “Who are they (HYC)?
On the other hand, MEMRIWU Publicity Secretary Joseph Pyngrope said, “If you can give Rs 8 crore to the GVK Company every year, why should the Government take over the running of the Emergency Cell?
For O.F., Foundation of Club Trainer Rtn.
It is also understood that those who violate this law will be punished according to the law.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 29: Alpha English Higher Secondary School today celebrated the National Science Day across the country. The National Science Day was held at the school grounds in the presence of the District Science Supervisor, Bah SBlah, Principal of Alpha English Higher. WK Blah, Vice Principal of Alpha English Higher Secondary School, Pastor B. Kharbteng, teachers and other management of the school.
It will have to be based on the population census.
Meanwhile, Mawshynrut Block won the title after beating Mawshynrut Block 3-1 on the same day.
KHNAM also asked, “Why can't we hold Good Governance Day on Holi or Puja, why on Christmas”.
They also said that they came to request his office to issue permits for the two wheelers so that they can earn money.
Speech was also delivered by the teacher of Khasi music, Bah Banniewkor Lyngdoh who said that it is through the grace of God that he has been able to take part in this music.
At this meeting, all the village leaders were invited to request them to support the demand of the society for the betterment of Jaintia Hills, which through the establishment of this university will bring equality. and other universities within the country.
The tournament was conducted by seven members of the Oversight Committee under the leadership of MC Mary Kom.
After a few minutes of talking about this and that, Kong Lumspah called her eldest son to feed them.
Shillong, Naiwieng 1: Fenella L Nonglait, the sister-in-law of Maieid Hopingstone Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that she has decided to continue to play chess, as directed by her supporters. He has won the mid-term elections from Nongstoiñ constituency as an independent candidate.
He said that in the 2014 elections, the Congress had spread false rumors that if the BJP government came, churches would be destroyed, Christians would be burnt, stones would be thrown at them but nothing has happened yet. The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has believed and asserted that faith is a personal matter of man and this was stated by the Prime Minister on 17th June,
On the part of the Sordar of the village, J.Nongbak, he expressed his regret for the stinginess and disrespect of his fellow human beings.
The season of Lent is a time when we reflect on the death of the Lord Jesus for standing against the corruption of the world.
Mynthong have 10 points and Khimusniang have 7 points and both teams need to win.
“However, the second issue relating to the calendar was decided by the BAC and was brought before the House on the opening day of the session on 16th June and approved by the BAC. the whole house.
Nongstoiñ, Ïaiong 25: The incidence of thefts in Nongstoiñ town has increased, with five thefts occurring in the past month alone.
Mawhati constituency shows its backwardness not only from the lifestyle of the people living there but also from the roads that show the physical fitness to look at and drive.
He also recommended that if lease is given for mining, the company should ensure reconstruction of land destroyed by mining.
As the leader, I will be responsible for informing and sending letters to the relevant authorities, whether it is the office of the Syiem of Raid Marwet, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, the KHADC and also the District authorities. Ri Bhoi, in order to urge them to take action and resolve the problems faced by the people in the area, especially the loss of their farmland, said the MLA. you Neighbor.
On the attempts of other parties in the MDA to blame the NPP, Prestone said that his colleagues have spoken against the NPP in their constituencies, but the voters are not. who are biej.
According to reports, the UDP MLAs who have resigned from their posts are no longer willing to contest the election and have now appointed other candidates to contest in the constituencies they have already resigned from Mairang and Mawthadraishan.
Similarly, Germany through Adolf Hitler killed up to 60 lakh Jews because of hatred.
At the same time, he will represent Meghalaya at the 37th National Games in Goa.
You die cut u Blei hi.
According to the family members, on the night of the 17th until 7:00 pm, the girl was still at home and was sleeping, but at 7:30 or 8 pm, the girl was still at home. something came out of the house and since she came out she has disappeared completely.
There are also people who, when they are angry with each other in the village, say, "While he is alive, he is suffering, when he dies or he is killed, there is peace in the village.
After the installation of the mufflers, speeches were delivered by Bah Michael Thongni and Kong Badariti Lyngdoh Nonglait.
Five minutes later, Lajong managed to score again through Babysunday.
The rangbah has a spirit of responsibility not only in his household, but also in the administration of the community so that there will be just and good governance with freedom to fight against evil.
These kurs are the Dhar/Nongdhar, Synteng Nongdhar, Mawlong, Shullai and Nonghulu.
Therefore, today they have been expelled and it has been warned that if they are still found, the party will give them more.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said, “Due to the current situation in the state, and the world and the concern about the coronavirus, the tourism department of the state The Ministry of Home Affairs, which held a meeting today, has decided to suspend the Meghalayan Age and there will be only a National Conclave, a Conference with only invited people and no more people.
“When asked whether the government will close down such schools with less than 10 students, the Minister said, “The closure of such schools is not the only way to improve the situation. “It is a matter of concern that there are too few children enrolled in Lower Primary and Upper Primary Schools in Meghalaya”.
In fact, if the government really had the intention to solve the problems of the people, it should have taken some measures before implementing such a difficult decision.
They ran to reach that goal of fame and glory, and when they got it they didn't believe anymore and left the crowd and listened quietly because they were alone and their family was enough. .
“The District authorities from time to time send the Border Magistrate and Meghalaya Police to stop the construction of the road and Assam has also stopped the construction but after a day or two Assam continues the same construction. “It's a good idea to build the road,” said Deimon Lyngdoh, Waheh Shnong.
The brother of Synshar, Bah Kyrshan Khymdeit, who was also present at the meeting with reporters, said that his brother did not know anything about the demand letters, but said that there were people who used his name, which he said put his brother in danger.
Poisuk Dhar (58) and Dangaitlang Mulieh (67) scored the goals.
“I am full of gratitude to God because when I lose hope, it is He who gives me hope that I will not give up despite many difficulties,” said Samla Bahunlang.
Shillong: Twelve political parties including the HYC, SSSS, HANM, RBSU, CORP, WYF, WKSU, JYF, JSU, AJSU, EJNC and MPUF have expressed their anger that the state police are still trying to arrest people for the incident occurred in Motphran.
The interception and rejection of innocent refugees fleeing violence is a violation of human rights and is in no way compatible with the teachings of the way of the cross.
In his speech, Bah PT Sawkmie congratulated all the Sports Clubs, Kyntonmassar Lajong and Nongkohlew for their victory.
At the same time, she reminded the people of the words of Jesus which said “Ask and it shall be given” and on these words of Jesus she said that we who are here as a group should ask. May God through Jesus give us a spirit of love for God and love for mankind and may God grant to the sick and suffering healing according to their desires and aspirations.
In the past, there were no modern medical sciences that all the people especially in the rural areas could get help because one of the reasons was that there were no vehicles, motorcycles to reach their villages or even roads. Even the existing roads are not easy to travel.
VDP Secretary Longshlur Pakma delivered a welcome speech before the meeting.
The SP said that after taking all necessary measures according to the rules of law, the police took the suspect to Khanapara police station at 1.05 pm. of Rani Jirang BOP. However, on Thursday morning at about 4 pm, a guard found that Rudra Rabha has committed suicide inside the police station by hanging himself from the prison bars using a cloth that may have been torn from the clean clothes given to him. In connection with this incident, the office of the Deputy Commissioner Ri Bhoi has sent the Executive Magistrate to look into the completion of the post. mortem in the presence of a medical officer along with video and photography at the scene,” said the police chief, adding that the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
“It is like an insult to the minority community in the state.
Encouraging the new leaders of the Ri Bhoi Peoples' Council (RBPC), Bah Makdoh urged the group to take action to fight against drug users. and drug trafficking, among other activities that they serve to promote for the welfare of the people in Ri Bhoi.
According to information received from Basan Nongkseh and Basan Langstieh of Mylliem Hima, there are 150 villages in the Raid Demoreah or Raid Rithor of Mylliem Hima. 75 villages still want to return to Meghalaya.
India didn't play well compared to the first match against Italy.
The President Secretaries of Units and Circles are requested to distribute the information to all the Waheh Shnongs in their respective units.
This was announced by Bah Roykupar Synrem to the media on 8th July 2024, after the union inspected the area, where the police were illegally stationed in the survey near the fire and emergency service. The meeting was attended by the Shillong Municipal Board, Shillong Cantonment Board and police.
This day is celebrated by the Catholic Church in all other countries of the world.
Khliehriat, November 22: The President of the Voice of the People Party, Bah Ardent.
In this proposed amendment, the government intends to introduce a provision to take all the land that falls under the category of water conservation or irrigation areas throughout the state.
On the other hand, these leaders also expressed their hope that this traditional health center will be able to provide the best services to the people of the area to treat various diseases.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shillong City today conducted a labor license inspection at the factories of Renault, Honda, Hyundai and Rani Motor. that's Mawblei.
After this, the District Council, Syiems, Daloi, Rangbah Shnongs and perhaps who else will be invited to the meeting will be discussed.
The 1st Open Veteran Football Tournament will be held on the 5th of November.
Speaking to media after the meeting, NESO Chairman Bah Samuel B Jyrwa said that the conference also took a decision that the issue of illegal entry of mynder has existed and remains unresolved. the greatest threat to the identity and identity of the indigenous peoples of the North East.
“The Bible does not mention the Aadhar number according to Revelation chapter 13, verse 18,” said Pastor Phawa.
The number of people infected with the coronavirus in India has risen to 1.4 million with 48,661 new cases in the past 24 hours.
He said that the union demands that the people involved in this incident should be arrested immediately as it has been learned that from time to time the enemy takes advantage of the situation to throw bombs in the river. On the other hand, Raja Brahma as the ADC promised to take action and conduct an investigation into the bombing of the river.
He also admitted that the police themselves had misused their power and violated the rules and regulations in connection with the incident, in which the child was only 10 years old.
Jowai: The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District has announced that the curfew will continue from 12 noon today. from 12 noon to 12 noon on the 24th of this month.
One UDP Minister will be removed and replaced by a PDF MLA, while another PDF MLA will be the advisor to the Prime Minister or Chairman of any party. where if the Corporation.
The EC of Bah Pynshngain Syiem in 2013, laid the foundation stone at Wahingdoh to clean up the Umkhrah River and also allocated T.50 lakh from the Council's funds distributed to the Dorbar Shnongs in Wahingdoh. phud this you wah.
MPs from larger political parties are allowed to speak longer.
Because everyone is preaching.
The Sengbhalang Leader criticized the arrest of a member of the HNYF on charges of involvement in the IED bomb blast in Them Metor, which happened on Saturday night.
He started singing and playing in Los Angeles in
The Meghalaya State Kickboxing Association (MSKA) has won medals in the WAKO India National Senior Masters Kickboxing Championship held at Jalandhar Punjab. from 1 to 5 May 2023.
“We don't have time to look for those government jobs but it is time for us to stand on our own feet in our own skills and that's when we will become masters in our own jobs and we will to rise and get jobs to develop our brothers and sisters and not to allow other nations to come and earn money from this beloved country of ours, without discrimination in any way', said Mr. Sounder.
It is not the traditional Khasi religion that is strong, because of the spread of Christianity and the growth of Hindu and Muslim religions.
This is a question that comes out of every mouth of people.
He will leave for Delhi on 31st November
The leaders of the RBYF Umsning, have understood that the act of seating these foreigners inside the vehicle, which is not usually occupied by healthy people, may be the act of stealing by these foreigners. , but besides that, it is also understood that there have been Khasi who have been involved in this activity, who have acted as brokers, to smuggle foreigners from other states into the state.
If the Government wants to hold a public festival, it should not be discriminated against. Everyone should be allowed to participate in the festival and not just choose because it is a public festival and everyone has the right to participate.
He said that it is necessary now that the youth should get their rights when they apply for government jobs.
Mukul also criticized Jairam Ramesh's statement that the Trinamool Congress has not waited but has gone ahead to announce its candidates for the 42 seats in West Bengal.
The HYC also said that it will start implementing the ILP in all six districts of Ri-Lum Khasi-Jaintia in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnongs.
The State will have to allocate Rs 29 crore per month for the salaries of SSA teachers. to dismiss all retired Government employees who are still working as Contractual Employees, to abolish unemployed Commissions, to immediately dismiss Chief/Political Advisors of the Government and to restrict the movement of Ministers and Government Officers within or outside the country in order to reduce waste and waste of public funds.
Twenty employees of the Bihar Governor's residence have tested positive for the virus.
On the other hand, SP Kharkhrang distributed food to the children in the presence of SP (City) Vivek Syiem, OC Sardar Singh.
As an International Convention Center in the state, it will bring many benefits to the youth of the state and the North East, who have trained themselves in various fields including art, music. , movies, TV, and multimedia.
They are just talking about who will be the prime minister, who will be in the cabinet, how many positions in government departments.
Through the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Apmon Pachang and other village officials, the planting of trees around the villages of the village has been held to celebrate Christmas in a different manner. others through the collective action of local communities.
Another worst and most common problem in Meghalaya is the absence of teachers appointed to teach.
Earlier, the former KHNAM MLA was welcomed by VPP President Bah Ardent Basawïawmoit at a public meeting held on Monday at Madan Polo.
This is unacceptable anywhere and the government authorities should punish and imprison these armed men, these poor people, who have to violate the rules, because they’re going to get food and they’re going to get money and they’re going to get their families.
Regarding the attack on Khasi Pnars in Lapangap area, the two Chief Ministers said that they will direct the two DCs of Meghalaya and Assam to resolve the issue and if any incident occurs, the Regional Committees will They have taken steps to resolve this issue to bring peace and order especially so that the Khasi Pnars can harvest their crops especially the rice they have planted.
So Judas betrayed Jesus to his enemies for only 30 pieces of silver.
The union said that it has often talked to the Hima authorities of the Hima Nongkhlaw regarding the conversion of foreigners living in the area into Khasi, but the Hima has not done anything. At the meeting, HANM urged the authorities of the Hima Nongkhlaw to take immediate action, otherwise it will stand up and fight against the Hima Nongkhlaw.
Speaking to Rupang by phone, Witting said the HSPDP from the beginning has arranged to support Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit and until now this arrangement has lasted and they have worked hard for Pastor PBM. .
This idea of ​​uniting one country, language and religion began in 1906, onwards.
But he who is born again dies only once (He dies only in the flesh).
A complaint has been lodged at Dispur police station and Shillong but nothing has been done.
About 4,000 rounds of ammunition and more than 5 lakh rounds of ammunition from various armories of the security forces have been stolen by the gangs since the day of the in the state of Manipur.
Tarun Bhartia also joined the rally in support of the AFSPA and said that in Jammu and Kashmir 70,000 people have died and 50,000 of them were killed by the AFSPA. soldiers while 20,000 were killed by the insurgents.
“If the police arrest students, why don't they have the power to arrest Dr. Mukul Sangma who is accused of involvement with the insurgents because this is not the government of Mukul Sangma, this is the government of the people.
With this inclusion of these names, it means that the former Ministers of the MDA 1 government, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar and Bah Baiteidor Lyngdoh have lost their posts. This government will have senior leaders like Conrad Sangma, Prestone Tynsong, Sniawbhalang Dhar who have continued from the old government and MDA 2 will continue the outstanding work of MDA
The event was enriched by a cultural program and a distribution of food by the Officers' Club, Mawkyrwat to the children of Hope Orphanage.
Pynshisha S.Marbaniang, 45, has passed away due to a serious illness.
According to the bill, those who marry Dkhars can no longer become Scheduled Tribe Hifi and will lose their rights as Khasi or Jaintia or as minorities.
+91 6009307068.
The recipients of this year's assistance are Bah Sis-Willfall Dkhar from Musniang, Ladrymbai Police Station, EJ Hills who lost his right leg and three children to live in a plastic typerlyne house. , Sej Khongsni of Nongblai, whose house has collapsed and is still on fire, Tarina L.Lyngkhoi of Umlyngka Upper Shillong, who has lost seven children. B.Morida Kurbah of Mawlein, PO Umsning, Ri Bhoi District, who has started a shop to support her children, Brigidia Mukhim of Mawblei, who has suffered all the hardships. Yer Kurbah from Weilyngkut West Khasi Hills who lost her hand to support her children, Kong Phima Chyrmang from Kyndong Tuber who lost her hand to support her children Nokila Dkhar from Lyting Lyngdoh, Pynursla Block who has been working as a day laborer to live with four children has no breadwinner.
Teachings on equality, mutual support for neighbors and relatives.
The Senior Treatment Supervisor (STS), Khliehriat Tuberculosis Unit, Bah LS Manner, spoke about the symptoms of tuberculosis. , such as fever lasting up to two months, fever, night sweats, weight loss, high blood pressure, lack of appetite, should be tested as soon as possible. Government Health Centres, Civil Hospitals, CHCs, PHCs.
“If they cannot do what is stipulated, we will not hesitate to do whatever is necessary to go to the authorities to seek justice according to the law,” said the letter signed by Kong Deisy and Bah Sweetjune.
Of all the three valleys, the most beautiful are the Weinia and the Lynshiang Valleys.
Furthermore, the SWSRJ has requested the SP to take action to look after the peace and order in the villages and to assist and train the VDPs. The SWSRJ has also expressed its readiness to cooperate. and the Police Department to assist the police in any matters.
Umsning, July 22: The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Saturday announced Bah Donkupar Sumer as its candidate for the 2018 MLA election from Umsning constituency.
“He said that besides paying shop fees, employees have to pay taxes to the Hima Mylliem, but no one has come to inspect their losses, to meet with the jhur vendors or to offer ways. aid.
Jowai, Lber 7: The All Jaintia People's Movement (CB) through the complaint of the residents of Pammura to Soh Kymphor area, has expressed its deep concern for the welfare of the residents of the area carrying goods. The road from Pammura to Sohkhymphor has been closed without complying with the law which says “No Entry For Heavy Vehicle” because through the movement of trucks, which has caused the road to be completed within a year. Now in many parts of this road there are stones and debris and the pum pum which has affected the traffic.
As a mother who cares and thinks carefully about her children, she read an article on how to build and improve her family, especially as a mother.
For women/men who come from well-off families, it is easier because those parents come forward to help their children.
According to police, Genekelly was involved in forging vehicle license plates which could not be registered in Assam by registering them in Meghalaya by deleting the chassis number of the vehicles.
In this regard, the KSU Nongtyngur Unit would like to thank the residents for their cooperation and hopes that the objectives of the KSU Nongtyngur Unit will be successful if there is cooperation with the villagers. create with the fellow citizens of the country and the nation.
I met many such children when I went outside Shillong.
Dr. Donkupar Roy also compared the situation of the Seng Riewlum during the time of Tirot Sing Syiem by saying that the failure and defeat of the Seng Riewlum in the elections is due to the differences between them. The Khasi Hills was ruled by Tirot Singh.
Nongstoin, Naitung 09: The WKHDCA State B & Inter School Chess Championship 2023 will be held on 8th July at SGSY C&RD Block Nongstoin.
On Tuesday, the FKJGP and KSU of West Khasi Hills District visited Noapara village to investigate the forcible clearing or boundary planting by the Assam Government in the village and Dronpara without any knowledge. of village authorities.
"I apologize on behalf of Narendra Modi for the loss of money," Rahul said.
The march included AHAM, GNC, Garo Mothers Union, Garo Sahitya Sabha, Goalpara District Committee and WGNC. The march was held at Sutipara.
Besides these, the Synod said, there are many other issues, which the jaidbynriew cannot foresee yet and which will emerge when the rules are drafted.
Dr Mukul Sangma will contest from Tikrikilla and Songsak constituency which he won as MLA in
He said that in these days, the cooperation and unity of China, Russia, Iran and North Korea has been clearly seen along with the threats to the United States and other countries. neighboring countries and said that this has never happened under the leadership of his government.
WJH Police have called the Crime Scene Unit from Shillong and when they arrived they completed all the necessary procedures and after that the body was taken to Jowai Civil Hospital Ialong. The post mortem will be conducted tomorrow morning.
Peter Sumer, President of the Half Long Unit, also launched the flag.
Organizations such as SOMALA, KKNMS and the people have written against the proposals to include the Municipal Council and Elected Village Councils in the Sixth Scheduled through the Sixth Scheduled Amendment Bill 2015 and
“This is the main reason why the Indian government has ignored the need to protect the nation,” said Bah Kharbani.
Nongstoin, Nailar 31: MCAB Bank Nongstoin Branch on 31.08.2023 has come to explain to the students how to deposit money to the bank. and to raise awareness regarding financial matters.
The celebration of this special water day is also closely related to the role of raising awareness among the villagers on how to protect and preserve forests and trees.
Other speakers included Mikiko Tanaka, Director, South and Southwest Asia Sub-Regional Office and other dignitaries.
(Democracy works on the principle that people are equipped to govern themselves for the very reason that they are free in the spirit.
Sometimes the swelling and swelling of the skin in women is more severe than in men.
It is on these grounds that the first MDA government was determined to resolve the border dispute, in order to avoid incidents that led to conflict and bloodshed.
The Minister said that although Meghalaya is a small state, it has more than 7,000 villages which has made it very difficult for the government to work and especially to deliver development works to the villages. thaw.
“We look forward to his support for our vision for Meghalaya,” Sangma said.
In the coming months, the state will witness various festivals which will entertain the youth of the state with various performances especially music festivals.
The match started with Inningstar tied first after winning the toss and elected to bat first. Inningstar set a target of 122 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 16.5 overs.
" Unquote I don't want to get approval but I want to inform the Governor and I want to write a report to the Deputy Commissioner. They do not require approval from the State Government because the Autonomous District Councils are not Departments of the State Government but are Autonomous Bodies without any authority from above.
So far, there are 33 cases in the state.
Parle was founded in 1929 and has 100,000 employees, both internal and external, and has 125 different workplaces.
Therefore, it is necessary for them to get a driver from Mawkyrwat to the Secretariat and the Assembly.
The speakers expressed the importance of taking such preventive measures by the community groups.
When asked where they want the government to give them land, they said that if it is government land, they want it to give them land at Lum Sorbe (Bimola) where the market is located. that Bhutia before.
He was also with the United Nations where he was assigned to Cambodia.
Such plants can be found in many places especially in Mylliem and Upper Shillong and some in urban areas.
Shillong, Nailur 28: Twice, this journalist has seen with his own eyes the queue of traffic police and taxi drivers in Motphran.
Shillong: The Committee on Reservation Roster will write to the Government to amend the rules of the Committee to open the door for discussion on the Reservation Policy, as it wants the VPP to participate in the discussion. .
However, at the same time, the VPP has made it clear that the protest will continue while the talks are ongoing and if the talks do not succeed, the protest will continue.
Before the procession, a public meeting was held at the Dorbar Hall Saitsohpen and the meeting which started at 11 pm was conducted by the Sordar, Bah TR Malngiang.
The main reason for not reaching anywhere is the uncertainty of how many will benefit. If there is no benefit, I think other languages ​​will not demand and fight for recognition by taking to the streets, going to Delhi and sending memoranda to the Central Government in collaboration with the State Government.
“There are no Khasi writers, there are only those who have submitted tenders for Khasi books,” said the Joint Director of the Board.
Because it would be better for the children to get paid jobs and thus they can also learn jobs and when they reach an older age they can become good employees and perfect and their lives will not be in vain.
Therefore, the MLA Jirang, urged the various political parties as well as the political parties, not to take advantage or do politics in this issue of border settlement and especially in this issue. area of ​​the city.
After hearing the complaints of the residents of these villages regarding the lack of Home Quarantine for the sick, he said, “It will be difficult for them. households with many households living in the same area, if slung is sent to the households, how far can the village leaders prevent the sick and also among the households living in the same area, the same equipment They use the same outlet, so it will be difficult for them to avoid each other, so the government should appoint those in charge together with the village leaders on this risk of spreading within the village.
Regarding the health department, the Mahila Congress has asked the Minister in charge of the health department, whether he has visited the state health department to inspect the provision of equipment to be used in the state. CHCs and PHCs to fight against Covid 19? “Have you checked how many ventilators, oxygen oxygenators, oxygen stocks, ambulances and other equipment are needed to help those infected with Covid-19? There are no treatment centers for those infected with Covid-19 in the countryside or they have to go to the hospitals in Shillong”.
He said that this scheme from the Water Resources Department will prevent flooding by digging a well so that the water does not flow through the lyhuh.
When they searched a truck with a number plate from Assam, they found that it was carrying coal which had just been mined from Shallang.
Indeed, we hope that the initiative of the faithful to join hands with the youth who are protesting through prayer will bring about a different and wonderful change from God.
Shillong: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, on Tuesday said that he is pleased to see that the Soh truns from Meghalaya have received the recognition they deserve at home and abroad.
At the same time, he requested the farmers to send their names, the damage to the seeds they have planted whether it is rice or syieng to the office of the District Horticulture Office, South West. Khasi Hills District so that they too can send these information to the relevant authorities.
Speaking to Rupang, Dr. Pariong said, “I have lost hope of getting a ticket, I don't go here and there anymore. “It's a good idea to have a ticket,” said Dr. Pariong while talking to Rupang at his clinic at Nongstoiñ Market.
The time has come to shet pot tiew.
In East Khasi Hills District, 11 people have tested positive for COVID-19 and these include 5 from the Army, 2 from the Army. Three of them are doctors from NEIGRIHMS Hospital and one is a nurse from Civil Hospital.
We have completed this at the Orchid Hotel in Polo but the work is still underway at Pinewood,” said David Nongrum.
He said that he will direct the Enforcement to inspect and search the trading licenses every month to curb the smuggling of land vendors without providing the necessary documents.
“We demand to stop the census, and to conduct a thorough examination of the documents of the people before registering,” said the president of the KSU. The examination of evidence will allow people who have just come from Assam and Bangladesh to register as citizens of the state.
Shillong: The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, on Tuesday announced to all the residents of Iewduh not to set up shops in the market as it is only a place for trading.
He said that the lack of assistance, lack of grounds or stadiums are other reasons that prevent the state from producing sportsmen from the state.
When inspecting the documents, the Seng found that the factory has not yet received the Labor License from the KHADC but the head of the factory has shown the receipts from the KHADC. He also admitted that the factory has already applied for Labor License but the KHADC has not been able to complete it. In Assam, the factory owner has been able to show only a few people.
This has been achieved through the hard work of the Social Welfare Department under the leadership of the Minister in charge of the Department, Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
At the same time, the DC said that he has directed the police to ensure that the members of the union do not use force to ban the chicken vendors.
“We have found that there are many officers within the Home Police Department who have violated the Meghalaya Police Act 2010 by staying only in Shillong City and East Khasi Hills District for more than 15 years for their own benefit. "I'm sorry," said Bah Donbok.
“Meghalaya is not corrupt, but it is those leaders in government who hold the key to the public money for the development of the country. “They are corrupt,” said Dr. Mukul Sangma.
The National Statistics Day is celebrated on the 29th of July across the country to commemorate the contribution of the late (L) Professor Prasanta Chandra Mahalanobis to the field of statistics and income development. .
Mynder do not have the right to enjoy the privileges and rights of citizens (the rights of children cannot be transferred to others).
Ka Kait : This food can improve the mood, and can increase the mood and happiness.
“What I do, I do, for the farmers and what works, is for the Country.
Ananstar Peiñlang, Vice President of FKJGP Nongstoiñ Circle, while talking to reporters after inspecting the road, said that the FKJGP is surprised to see that many of the contractors who construct the roads do not They follow the rules and regulations laid down by the government, but just for the sake of earning a living, they work torti and work without thinking about the problems of the people in the future.
The final match between Lad Myrdon FC and Umsawnongkharai FC, although it was a match of only a few minutes, but the players were able to show a beautiful and thrilling match. to the public who witnessed the final.
The price for Sub-dealers is 97.99 tyngka per litre, for the residents of Nongstoiñ (Town Area) is 100.99 tyngka per liter and outside Nongstoin is 101.49 tyngka per litre.
Von Braun was one of the most famous scientists of the 20th century and one of the rocket builders during the Nazi era in Germany.
“I would like to thank all those who have taken part, but on the part of the electricity department and the state government, we have not found any They have already met with Prestone Tyngsong and Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkar, MLA of Mawkyrwat,” said the family members.
Marak said it is no secret that Assam has been trying to implement its wishes to the people of Meghalaya for some time now.
Tymmen Basan Bah Boldness L Nongum in his opening remarks before the Christmas service said that such a meeting is held every year before the youths living in Shillong leave for the country. to their own villages.
Bah Pynïaid has donated T.3 lakh and T.5 lakh from the Special Assistance Grant (SAG) scheme for the construction of the building of Jubilee Presbyterian Secondary School, Mawryngkneng. .
Wahlang, who met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on July 26 along with three other MLAs from WKH, said that there are problems such as the lack of staff in the primary and community health centres, including the Maternal and Child Hospital and the Nongstoin Civil Hospital.
The party also said that from now on, let us elect our leaders carefully.
There are some medical recommendations when you don’t sleep.
Bah Teibor said that the dulir should be built on the basis of the maps.
He asked Kni what house it was.
“There is no point in meeting the EC to discuss the salary because they have already promised to pay the salary in July but they have broken their promise,” said the angry employee.
“They continue to protect the lives of the sick, so they need our prayers," said a statement from the churches.
One of the rules that has blinded the government and surprised many people in the state is that “The government has not allowed the Christmas Carol to be held from one village to another. but foreigners are allowed to visit. What does this mean? That the government does.
It stirred the mind that we too needed it.
Your grade is
Speaking at the meeting, Dr Donkupar urged Bah Egenster and his followers not to think about the future but to work hard now to reach the goal.
“This shows that Negi has promised that if I allow him, he will not embarrass me and my family," she said.
Cameo Lawai of Nongrah scored in the 13th minute and Michel Kurbah in the 30th minute, while Green Age turned the tide through Emlang Lyngshing in the 20th minute and Dister Warjri in the 45th minute.
Wellbirth said that there are still many indigenous people who are homeless, landless or squatters.
Hek said Rajya Sabha MP Dr WR Kharlukhi is under quarantine and is in good health.
Expressing her regret over what happened, she said that according to information from the police, there was a fight between the two in one of the villages in Laitumkhrah and after that, she came to the police station to lodge a complaint. one group shall not be allowed to pass by one road.
Inside he was afraid that he might fail and his mother would send him back to the village.
On this occasion, a syrnod was also distributed to the Kiewshaphrang Self Help Group (SHG), Pyndenumjarain. Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana-Gramin (PMAY-G), Job Card Holders and beneficiaries from other departments.
Even if Langsning has been able to stand again in the remaining matches of this season, it will not be easy to beat Mawlai who have skilled and strong players. are the ones who went on to win the 2022 SPL title.
Not only that, but this vote of Bah Brightstarwell was also the highest vote, because even if you count the votes of all the candidates who contested against in this election from Mawlai, it was the highest vote. 16,485; Brightstarwell won with 7,777 votes.
Some church elders said, “If the Chinese atheists are ready to die, it would be better to burn them with a bomb.
Our request to these village headmen is to encourage their residents not to throw garbage in the rivers but to throw it in garbage trucks.
Their demands include the transfer of full time muster roll employees who have been in service for a long time, the payment of the minimum wage according to the Minimum Wage Act. rank or length of service.
Furthermore, he said that unlike last year when the rainfall started in June, but this year, the rainfall is very low.
“At present, almost every MLA and MDC are contractors and the job of MLA/MDC is only a job they do when they have time.
Shillong, March 22: The 36-hour curfew of the HNLC has ended this evening with offices, banks, schools and shops and markets closed for the past two days. skip.
Francis Pondit Sangma also initially tried to apply for a ticket from the Congress, because when he won as an MLA he won as an independent candidate.
Jaskirat scored 86 runs without being out with five fours and two sixes.
During the meeting, the land owners expressed that they have not yet received their compensation and also those who have not received the payment as paid by the state government authorities till date. and keep them in darkness.
The match continued without a goal until the 63rd minute when Rosenberg Gabriel scored the second goal of the match. .
“The laws remain the same, the government has cut off our pdot, the time will come when we will not even be able to steal food,” said Bah Alex Synrem.
The employees of the power suppliers at MePDCL have also threatened to shut down the power from 5th December if the MDA government does not listen to their demands.
Conrad also praised Himanta for his efforts to support the rights of various ethnic groups in Assam and for his efforts to bring about inclusive development projects.
I have been in the Khaddar rule for 20 years to participate with you the people in the Khaddar rule as the Lyngdoh of the Hima Nongstoiñ”.
The HSPDP and KHNAM have announced their support for the PCF candidate Pastor Basaiawmoit while the UDP has asked for support from the PCF candidate Pastor Basaiawmoit. all political parties to support its candidate Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Friday demanded that the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of West Khasi Hills District should immediately conduct the DSC examination in the district for all vacancies. so that the young job seekers will be encouraged, because if they don't get a job for a long time, they won't be able to do so since the Roster System hasn't been set up.
“It is also not related to the reports of the two regional committees including the West Sector and the Ri Bhoi Sector.
Jowai: A Joint Action Committee comprising three associations of drivers and transporters, the All Jaintia Cement and Clinker Transporters' Association (AJCCTA), the Meghalaya Trucker's Union (MTU) and the Jaintia Hills Trucks Owners Association (JHTOA) They have given time to the cement factories operating in East Jaintia Hills until the 31st to implement the new price which has been agreed upon by the Government, the JAC and the All Jaintia Hills Cement Manufacturers' Association.
State media said 29 policemen and soldiers were killed and 36 others were wounded.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 01: The Assam Government's plan to build a road to the Meghalaya border in Bakhlapara Village under Nongspung Hima has been strongly opposed by the Nongpsung Hima and The Assam government through the contractor, even if there is opposition, has implemented the construction of the road. to the street.
B.M.Lanong The Dorbar Shnong Panaliar Jowai, has taken a wise decision to stand against those candidates and their parties, who throw money at the people to support them. they.
He said that the reason for this is the increase in the number of trucks carrying coal which travels up to 40/50 trucks per day. I believe that even if the trucks pass by, it won't happen,” said the rangbah.
He looks good when he looks, but he doesn't know what's inside..." She said to another person.
It sells musli musla, shynrai, and other products in the market.
On the other hand, the union also urged the Meghalaya government to find out the number of youth from the state who have gone to other states of India to work in various companies.
Linda said, “It's enough.
Vijay Sahani is a truck driver of Rishan, whose father works at Rishan's factory in Umiam.
Meghalaya's next and final match of the season will be against Vidarbha on 12th June.
The CAG said that due to the inability of the MDCs to send certificates for the allocation of T.7.30 lakh to 24 MDCs from Youth Affairs T.4.80 lakh while for Arts and The report was sent to the District Council in 2012, but no reply has been received, the report said.
I still want to know the truth and if you have a book that says that please tell me.
During the investigation, police received a tip from the intelligence agencies that they saw this motorcycle stolen near Mairang.
It should also be suggested that the Khyllah Jait should no longer be included in any Khasi Jait which does not exist.
The date and venue of the program is as follows, on the 17th of July at Jirang Block Hall at 9:30 pm, on the 18th July at Umsning Block Hall at 9:30 pm and on the 23rd July at Science Hall Nongpoh at 9:30 pm.
The Ministry of Finance, Urban Development, PWD, Mining, Industries, Transports, Education, Health and Home Affairs are the most important government departments. The UDP has only tourism, social welfare, arts and culture, excise, revenue and disaster management and legal metrology.
Speaking to the students, M.Hoque, Chancellor of USTM, urged them to work harder in their studies. They should also be brave in taking the Civil Service examinations.
So far, the AJMDMWU has paid 90 percent of the money, while the state government has paid only 10 percent of 100 tyngka per month. The Minister urged the Minister to assist as much as possible to increase this share from both the State Government and the Central Government.
"A brief step back to understand After I have said this, I would like to remind you a little bit about the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly in October this year.
According to an interview with Rgh Teibor Roy Khonglam, a member of the Sengbah Ki Nongshat Nongkhein, the Sengbah Ki Nongshat Nongkhein was founded on the 21st of November In 1983, the Sengbah took the initiative to hold its first thanksgiving.
“To dissolve the EC, they have to bring a no confidence motion but how can they join hands with the Congress,” he said.
Between 1921 and 1922 during the presidency of Warren G. Harding, there was a serious corruption in the oil industry.
Shillong: The National Highway connecting Tura and Dalu has collapsed in Jenggitchakgre area on Monday morning, completely cutting off traffic.
Galatians 4:4.
Everyone who has a knife puts on a chawiang, and he sñiawsuk harah and sang-u siaw.
On this occasion, Bah Hamlet Dohling said that the HLC will have to take the recommendation of the Sub-Committee before the HLC sends its report to the government for approval. do it if you don't need it.
RMDC President Sinophil B Tariang and General Secretary Dmuising Khongjirem today met with the Sub Divisional Officer (Civil) of Pynursla to hand over this demand.
Daniel 4:27-33.
Shillong: The UDP has nothing to oppose the appointment of DD Lapang as the Chief Adviser of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government on Tuesday. .
The opening ceremony will be inaugurated by Bah DD Lapang, MLA of the constituency while on the closing day, the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma will inaugurate the exhibition.
Regarding the promotion of the Khasi and Garo languages, the group promised to monitor the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in Article 8 of the Constitution of India. language to be used in writing examinations for posts in Central Government offices with branches within the State.
Gabriel Wahlang, MLA/MDC of the Congress from Nongstoin Constituency, said that the Congress' support for the NPP is only in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The NPP-led MDA-II Government will not be supported in the state.
The Chief Minister also expressed his concern about the non-functioning of the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) at Tura Civil Hospital which he opened in
Hek, who is also a Minister in the present government, today met with BJP Union Minister for Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Giriraj Singh at Pine Wood Residence. Shillong.
Of course we understand that the SSA salary is paid 90% by the central government and 10% by the state government, if it is Rs 300 crore, Rs 268 crore is paid by the government and only Rs 32 crore by the state government.
The child, known as Baby Mathew, died along with his beloved mother, Agnes Vnikpridha, 69, in the blast, which killed 359 people including 45 children.
“According to the preliminary report, they said that the bridge is still stable and only the bearings of the bridge need to be replaced with new ones.
The match on Friday will be between Sailung Ïalong and Shangpung Lumiawmushai.
After receiving detailed information, the police raided the area.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: The SWAT police on Tuesday arrested the President of HANM, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, on charges of being one of the helpers to raise money and smuggle money. Police have arrested Bah Kharbani from Rangthong village, South West Khasi Hills while he was on his way back to Shillong.
The Forum said that in fact they should understand this because most of them are Presbyterian Christians who were also members of the Shangpung Presbytery and Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod in the past.
“I will say that the minister will give a proper reply tomorrow.
Since Fifa donated the stadium, it has been a great blessing for the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) to make full use of it. The I.League clubs which have participated in the SSA tournaments and not forgetting the physical training programs of each team However, as it is now, the condition of this stadium needs urgent repair, in order to improve the damage and it is necessary that this stadium gets time first. to rest.
“The Prime Minister Narendra Modi has promised to create jobs for 2 crore people every year but the people are losing their jobs even though they have lost their jobs. “He added, raising many issues such as GST, fuel price increase and others.
“If the mining is allowed, it will affect the air, the vegetation and the health of the people,” said the union in a letter sent to the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board ( MSPCB).
On the same issue, Rupang spoke to Bah Witting Mawsor, one of the leaders of the party from West Khasi Hills. The decision was taken in the presence of the leaders of these districts. He said that soon next month the party will set up a new branch in these districts. He said that they are still waiting for strong leaders who want to work within the party to come and work with them.
The task of NAQUIM is not only to create maps but also to develop a groundwater monitoring system in collaboration with the community.
In the past, the MBOSE has sent schools in Meghalaya to use the NCERT books of the Government of India.
He said that the tied tin in front of the house of the MLA of Umsning is not to convince themselves to blame, but it is a sign to surprise them that they should no longer remain silent and shut up. They don't see that the Khasi youth are being persecuted.
The two-day meeting is part of the preparations for the MP Lok Sabha elections to be held next year.
"Furthermore, it is written that the number 666 stands for the mark or name or number of the beast.
Speaking to Mawphor, Dr B Decruce said that the number of cases in the state is very worrying as the number of cases is higher than the national average.
The place where the skum is stored should also be clean, so that the skum does not rot because if the skum rots, the tit is not good anymore.
At Sohra Civil Sub-Division, the Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, hoisted the flag and received the salute of the 40 marching bands including the East Khasi Hills DEF, the East Khasi Hills DEF, the East Khasi Hills DEF, the NCC and schools.
In the letter, the Secretary of the Hima Mawsynram said that according to the custom, the Syiem of the Hima Mawsynram and the Durbar have the authority according to the law to issue this permission in relation to the Hima Mawsynram. which is the Raid area and does not have the Shnong area.
According to the test results, it was found that the child had serious injuries inside the body and it was as if he had fallen from the 10th floor. to be given alcoholic beverages before he fell completely outside the house.
Regarding the allegation by AICC Media Coordinator Bobeeta Sharma that the NPP has given ticket to the PWD engineer involved in the collapse of the Assembly building, Bah “The person who is talking about this is a foreigner, so I don't know anything about this because this issue was brought to the Legislative Assembly in November by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. , so I don't need to say anything because it has already been brought to the Legislative Assembly on this issue”.
He said that the company will soon set up these same recharge points in Nongpoh, Mawïong, Shillong, Jowai and other places.
On the other hand, Kiarlinda Lyngkhoi, one of the longkmie, strongly condemned what happened in which as longkmie, they should have worked together, in order to improve when it is only a household chore. said the woman.
The handover ceremony was also attended by the school authorities, women's organization leaders and other elders of the village.
The village leaders also requested the local authorities to look into and develop measures to prevent the landslides that happen in the area.
However, I would like to ask the readers to share, subscribe and comment through the newspaper, because officially it is ready to be renamed “Government of Bharat” because the name of India is the Indian Subcontinent.
D Langstieh, Director of Soil and Water Conservation, said that he is pleased to know that people no longer burn forests in Sohra and he hopes that in the coming years, in a few years, and the forest shall bear fruit.
Other speakers urged the SHGs and PGs to implement the loans by setting up jobs and to increase their income and to set an example for others to join the group.
The Union has written twice to request the Management to call for talks so that the issues can be expressed and discussed.
Give us a good mother and we will give you a good nation (Napoleon).
The curfew started at 6 pm and BJP supporters took to the streets and alleys to block vehicles. who walk in the streets.
On receiving a tip, Magistrates and Police of Ri-Bhoi District under the leadership of Bah MB Tongper, Additional Deputy Commissioner (ADC) rushed to the scene this morning to investigate the incident. the entry of Sengbhalang groups into Jatalong.
Of course, in the changing times, we can no longer replace what the old man has replaced.
The punishment for such acts shall be in accordance with Section 13 of the same Act.
Tyllilang Secondary School, Marshilong has opened its Annual Sport's Meet 2024 at the school ground.
Shillong: U Nabi Ahmed has lodged a complaint that someone has stolen T.1 lakh from his account at SBI Iewduh Branch, Shillong.
He said that the department has set a date for them to submit their reply by the 10th of this month.
The order from the DC's office states that liquor shops on the border and shops in isolated areas and which can attract public gatherings should not open.
Leading MLAs (this word 'mihkhmat; also very sweet) especially from the rural and far from the city constituencies have started to come more often than they used to come four years ago.
All the countries of the United Nations have approved the celebration of International Yoga Day and suggested by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Employers and other people have provided assistance to such people or their families so that they can alleviate the hardships they face due to the sudden loss of the breadwinner of the family.
He said that the Mission has not reached anywhere because the real farmers have not benefited.
WJDBA President JM Pohsngap inaugurated the tournament in the presence of WJDBA General Secretary M Nongpluh.
Kenstar Kharshong scored the third goal in the 90+9th minute of the second half. before the Christmas and New Year festive season.
The highest temperature was 12.5 degrees Celsius and the lowest temperature was 6.4 degrees Celsius.
He said that the HYC is deeply saddened to see that the Government of India through UCIL still has a plan to mine the coal in the South West Khasi Hills District. .
Shourya Paul (West Bengal) lost to Soumya Swaminathan (PSPB), Ratnakaran (Kerala) defeated Rohith Yadav (Telangana), while Soureen Bhattacharya (West Bengal) and Elgabry Mohsen ( Egypt) have been destroyed.
In a short span of time, the former Belgium captain took charge of Burnley in the remaining six Premier League games of last season.
In the NEOG 2022, it includes the U-21 men's and U-17 women's categories.
In connection with the incident, police have registered a case under section 84(11)18 U/S 379/188 IPC. He said that on the morning of the 31st, seven vehicles belonging to a rich man named Dormu from Assam were seized. who illegally carried coal and dropped it inside the factory in Riwiang.
Then there are Mawblei, Mawdiangdiang, Madanrting, Laitkor, Nongkseh, Umlyngka, Lawsohtun, Diengiong and Siejiong.
Shillong: The High Court of Meghalaya has issued an order to appoint Bah Pyndap Saiborn as the president of the Khasi National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) for the MP elections. .
Although he said that no final decision has been taken yet, it is understood that Bah Synshar Lyngdoh will be the candidate for the UDP.
Meanwhile, the Blessing of the Cemetery will be held on November 5, 2023, at 1:30 pm and only live flowers will be allowed to be placed at the graves.
They come out of the water happy that they took a lot of fish home.
He said that if anyone needs to build any commercial establishments near the rivers, they should get permission from the office of the District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District.
Tura: The employees of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) have launched a three-day strike from today against the non-payment of salaries for 15 months.
In fact, the number of Christians in the state has reached 74 percent while in Nagaland the number of Christians is about 80 percent. In Nagaland, the BJP has won 12 MLAs in the last elections. The BJP has failed to do anything in this election in Meghalaya even until the elections. Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Home Minister Amit Shah, BJP President JP Nadda and other senior party leaders. results.
He said that this is the reason why the Board has found that the selection of textbooks in schools has been done and left to the judgment of qualified teachers. , before sending it back to the Board for further action.
And if you can't answer or explain or apologize on our part, we don't hesitate to appeal to the authorities.
Surprisingly, Modi has not yet commented on the incident in Manipur.
“I have the courage to come forward to see the plight of the poor who face many challenges in life especially in the rural areas” at the same time he congratulated the people who came to this day. It was a sign of encouragement to him and he hoped that he would reach the goal of victory.
It is alleged that these people convinced Nalin Kohli that the BJP under the leadership of Bah Khlursing Lyngdoh has collapsed and convinced him that he should elect another one.
God is long-suffering and does not want anyone to perish.
The Supreme Court has approved the report, the government lawyer said.
The treatment of them as individuals when they voluntarily surrender will be based on the charges they have committed.
However, Magotra scored 18 runs and Zahir Alam 12 runs to lead the team to 100 runs without losing a wicket.
He also suggested that the Dorbar Shnongs , Raid Dorbars and Hima Dorbars should set up their voter list so that they can send their representatives to the Federation of Traditional Dorbars The Dorbah will be held at Polo Ground on the 5th of November.
However, he said that commercial mining has come and it has to be done by the Corporation of India Limited (UCIL) and this is the most dangerous.
One incident happened recently at Amkshar River, Nongbareh.
At the same time, he appealed to the people to have confidence in the areas where there is plenty of water, so that it will be a blessing for the people.
The Multidimensional Poverty Index (MPI) is an internationally accepted measure of poverty that is not limited to income.
Ardent said that when the VPP comes to power, many people are afraid and sleepless because the party will fight against all corruption because the party wants everyone to live together, eat together, not like those others who have only a few rich men, while the poor man should always be their slave.
“No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day” (John 6:44). which can bring us closer to God.
The party has not yet announced how many seats it will contest in the 2023 Assembly elections.
He said that the construction of New Shillong will be of great benefit to the state which will not only benefit from the development of roads, schools but also to attract tourists. from the end of the world.
They said that if the Congress party takes action to talk to other states to allow cows to be smuggled into the state, it would be good because if the cows from Assam come, it will be different and the cows will be more. bit worth it.
On the BJP's failure to nominate candidates for the mid-term elections in Mawrynkneng and Mawphalang, Mawrie said, “In Mawrynkneng Constituency, the mondal has not yet received members who have joined the party. The party has 1500 supporters and for this reason we have decided not to put a candidate in Mawryngkneng. “Similarly, in Mawphlang, we have only 300 supporters who have joined the party so we have decided to move forward to strengthen the party so that it can become a part of the party. to prepare for the election in
He said that this government has now turned Ri-Bhoi District into a smuggling camp, it has destroyed our land, it has destroyed our future and our youth and now it has brought in smugglers from all over the country. Besides the fact that the people do not accept and know that idleness is bad, but the government has chosen Ri-Bhoi District.
I am sorry but I don't expect anything to happen,” said Bah Marbaniang's wife.
He said that this is the first time that he has been able to include only 6 villages out of all the villages in the border areas and for the development works in the border villages he will continue to work hard. to bring about many development projects for the benefit of the residents of the border areas under his Constituency.
My little judgment, our nation is like the nation of Israel, who are full of wickedness and sorrow without turning, knowing no more sin or righteousness.
In the second match between Tpepswer SSWO and Rangad SC, they also played without a goal until the end of the match.
At the same time, Bah Pynïaid said that the Executive Committee has also decided to implement the Trading by Non Tribal Regulation Act as it is.
Shillong, July 30: A bus (ML-05K9928) driven by Bah Kyrshan Sawkmie collided with a truck at 1:45 pm to 2:00 pm this afternoon. which is near Maw-jymbuin-Mawsynram.
This issue has become a little more complicated these days and the truth is that the more eloquent, or the more brave, has done whatever he pleases and wants, while the more knowledgeable, has done whatever he wants. and he that is more afraid shall not be able to stand before him.
If the fertilizer at this stage does not smell anymore (the smell of ammonia), then the fertilizer is ready for sowing.
The ED team said that the value of the land as calculated by the government was T.47 lakh.
The Government of Meghalaya today through the DC's office, has announced that the government authorities will continue to take care of the entry and exit into the state.
On the 15th of November, Chau, who had paid the fishermen to take him to the dew lynnong, was shot dead by the Sentinelese.
Renowned sculptor Raphael Warjri is the artist of this sculpture and the stories of this Khla Wait.
Such things, if you know how to judge, have existed since the beginning and that the 6 days that God created the earth may have lasted for billions of years until the earth was suitable for human habitation. an im.
Politics can turn good into bad and from bad into good.
“These demands include all the plans that have received CTOs which should follow the rules because they put the plans in the villages, if these plans have CTOs which the government intends to “They can take them elsewhere, but they will not be allowed in Sutnga District,” he said.
The office bearers of the UDP Women's Wing are Kyntiewboklin Marngor, General Secretary Sonababel Sohtun, while the UDP Youth Wing has Tamdorlang Risaw and Rangkitbok Snaitang.
The tournament was sponsored by Albert Jao and his wife Nerrisa Warlarpih, daughter of (L) Veliancy Warlarpih.
This music video was shot at Wah Lukha, Khaddum, Chympe waterfall, Sonapyrdi and other places in Narpuh District as part of the efforts to attract tourism and promote tourism. There have been 24 new cases of COVID-19 in Narpuh District and one death, bringing the death toll to 1587 on Friday.
The day was enriched by the performances of the students of the school.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 08: U Minister of Education, Ma Lakmen Rymbui today visited Ri-Bhoi College, to inspect the construction of the Auditorium which has been empty for many years. The students of the college under the banner of the Ri-bhoi College Student Union have expressed before the Minister the need for an auditorium at the college for the purpose of holding various programmes.
In Tripura, five people have died today, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to
The KSU Mynksan has expressed its regret that although the people have been waiting all day, they have not been able to shon especially those who have been working far away to come to the village to get shondur. The KSU said that the registration of MHIS in the village has been hampered by the lack of network and light which has hampered the registration of MHIS in the village. You have to go to the Block to get this card.
The TPL will also have four women owners of various sports teams to compete in the tournament including the former Miss India Asia Pacific and Miss Asia Pacific World. Srishti Rana of Haryana Hunters, Ruchita Mittal of Maharashtra Avengers, Shilpa Patel of Bengaluru Ninjas and Isha Patel of Chennai Strikers.
BJP President Jagat Prakash Nadda was also given a seat on the dais.
Modi said the Court, in its wisdom, has upheld the unity that we, as the people of India, cherish.
In 2021, during the Covid-19 pandemic, doctors who do not need EWS to help patients have protested that their fellow EWS doctors cannot help them.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, on Tuesday said that the Byrnihat PHC should be upgraded to a CHC. On the Byrnihat PHC, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun said that it really needs to be upgraded, because he has seen the problems faced by the PHC. The hospital has treated more than 50,000 people in the area, not only for the people of Meghalaya, but also for those who have been infected with the disease. The MLA of the area has sent a letter to the state government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare three times to demand that the government should take medicine from Byrnihat PHC. The PHC should be upgraded to a CHC immediately, so that it can provide adequate health care to the people of the area.
“They can also earn money by selling these plates in the market,” he said.
Earlier, the court had rejected the bail application of the Special Judge and the High Court of Meghalaya. guaranteed.
We need to reorganize the villages in different constituencies.
Dr Janak Jhankar Narzari, President of Santiniketan Kala Bhavan Praktoni and former Principal of Kala Bhavan, Viswa Bharati University, announced and honored the winner of the award, Ma Heibormi Sungoh. contributed to the development of Khasi literature.
Frame : pudker-pud is the boundary of a state and frame is the boundary of a state.
Dr Mukul Sangma has broken the record of other Chief Ministers in his ability to create two districts in Garo Hills, South West Garo Hills and North Garo Hills while two districts in Khasi Hills. East Jaintia Hills and South West Khasi Hills.
Sushant Singh Rajput's Sadak 2, directed by Mahesh Bhatt, has been watched by 11.65 million fans. This time, they are trying to urge those who love the actor, who passed away, not to watch the Kapil Sharma show, or the Kapil Sharma show and the reason, is because Salman Khan also appeared in the show.
Former Food and Civil Supplies Minister KV Thomas has expressed the need to hold elections from the bottom up within the party.
There is a saying that the thylliej is a good servant but a bad master.
No casualties were reported at the time of writing.
Chad Sukra is one of the festivals held once a year in Jowai and many villages in West Jaintia Hills District.
As the saying goes, 'perseverance is sweet, but its fruit is clean,' Timothy was first elected as MLA of Resubelpara constituency in the 2003 MLA elections. former Chief Minister Salseng C Marak, who is also one of the prominent leaders of the state who used to be with the Congress.
The year 2022 is a special year for Meghalaya as it celebrates its 50th anniversary.
The Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the Department and the Dhyan Foundation will be implemented for five years from 13th July 2019 to 13th June
Russell Crowe has expressed his regret that he will not be able to act in Glad Iator 2 and he feels that the time does not allow him to take part in the film because he is no longer suitable.
Choirs from various churches including Lawmei Youth Church, Umsyiem Church, Laitlyngkot and Sohryngkham Church, Mowkaiaw, Laban, Standing Choir KJP Eastern Synod and Dkhiah Youth Church performed.
Chaudhury said that at 7 pm, he and other officers passed through a gate at the Assam Rifles Square in Aizawl to attend the Republic Day celebrations. 70, but they were arrested in front of the gate by the members of the party who said that they could not attend the Republic Day celebration.
“As we don't need money urgently, if this happens, we will have difficulty paying with GPay, PhonePe and internet is not available to withdraw from ATMs. it's ours," he said.
The power outage has severely affected the students who are still in the middle of their examinations.
As of June 4, 2023, the satellite tracking website Orbiting Now says there are 7,702 active satellites orbiting the Earth.
While the coalition government in KHADC is in power, the PDF is still trying to resolve the issues that the government has mentioned to resolve. The KHADC has reorganized and sent it to the state government, and it was there that Bah Adelbert resigned from the strike (July 1) because he believed that if he continues to strike it would be like u He supported the VAB 2015 but he demanded the VAB 2014 because he said that in the VAB 2015 the blood vessel which should have protected the nation has been taken away.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that the government is still waiting for the statement from the HNLC. The party will come to the peace talks.
On the other hand, the Seng expresses its deep sorrow that this office which should look after the welfare of the people, has strongly warned and forced by forcing the people to fall on this path. The UHM is also pleased to state that “TIKA and the attempt to control by force the people is illegal”.
Speaking in the House, Shylla said that Block I and Block II were taken through Para I of the 6th Schedule and it is from this part of the 6th Schedule that it was given to the Karbi Anglong District Council. However, he said it could be returned to the KHADC through Para 19 which empowered the Governor to revise it.
When we were in college, there was a professor of history who gave a quotation that says, “We learn from history that man learns nothing from history”. History is also available.
Police said the overturn was due to the collision of the vehicle and the driver was not drunk and was with his wife and child.
He said it is the duty of the Prime Minister to convene the Coordination Committee of the MDA to discuss if the Assam government has not yet moved to start the border talks in the second phase of the Assam government. for those areas that remain to be determined.
It is unheard of and there is an AIG that gets to hold so much power.
All libraries in the State which store books written in Khasi shall have to sell all old books and replace them with new books which are no longer available. îa the words.
“The application for various posts in this hospital should be conducted by NEIGRIHMS and not by other companies or agencies from abroad and the applications should be conducted within Meghalaya. The Outsourcing Agency should not be outside the State and should not be outside Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Independent Inquiry Committee (ICC) has recommended to the State Government to appoint a full-time Chairman cum-Managing Director (CMD) of the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) and also to amend the activity to oversee the purchase of tar.
Wholesalers or Fair Price Shop Dealers found to be taking money or kilos, shall be punished under Section 7 of the Essential Commodities Act, 1955 and Section 3 of the Prevention of Black Marketing and Maintenance of Supplies of Essential Commodities Act. , 1980.
South Korean songs and movies have attracted a lot of attention from North Korean citizens in recent days, but Kim Jong-un has been angry over the support of his people. South Korean music and movies.
Shillong, July 18: The Model Code of Conduct (MCC) has announced the date of the MLA elections in the state.
After the arrest of the vehicle, the police have completed all the requirements under the NDPS Act and after that the driver and the vehicle were taken to Byrnihat Police Outpost.
He added that the Government should appoint inspectors at Khlieh Ïew so that the inspection of the fish can be conducted on a daily basis.
After checking and checking her money in the bank, the mother found that all her money had been spent and only 5 tyngka (0.5 Yuan) remained in the account.
The suspects fled back to East Jaintia Hills.
In addition to being rich in fiber, they are rich in antioxidants, vitamins, and minerals such as calcium, which makes them rich in fat.
In the first leg, Risingsun Mukhla beat Lumbhahdakha 2-0 with two goals scored by Wadshwa Rymbai in the 60th minute and Rimi Pyrtuh in the 73rd minute.
In addition, the CEM said that the Jaidbynriew which currently has only 15 and 16 lakh people is in danger if there are no special protection laws as there is now the protection through the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution through the Districts. Council.
Route :- Madan Iewrynghep (Fire Brigade Ground) – St.Edmund's School – Dhankheti – Malki Point – Barik Point – Round P.W.D.compound – State Central Library – IGP – Kachari/DC's Office – Raj Bhavan – YWCA – The race was divided into two parts, one for the residents and one for the residents of Polo Bazar. another for the National Defense Forces.
He stressed that the three parties have not withdrawn from the voice of the people of Mawlai, but will remain under the voice of the people of Mawlai as they have been from the beginning and that is the basis of these. organizations since the 13th of its incorporation.
During the festival, the organizers also held various competitions for the residents of the area and on the closing day they also distributed prizes to the winners of various competitions. diverse.
If the village finds any children who used to come and do stunts inside the village, the village will search for these people and prosecute them under strict rules of law.
Speaking to media, the mothers of these youths said that these policemen, who were well dressed, came to rob them from their beds and take them to the police station.
After this match, there will be a Maw point match between the women MDCs and the women employees of KHADC.
The Government of India today said that it has no intention of implementing the National Register of Citizens (NRC) across the country.
One person has died, two others have been seriously injured and seven others have been injured in the attack on Jatah village on charges of being menshohnoh. This happened while they were coming from Syntung.
In a statement, the KSU General Secretary, Forwardman Nongrem, condemned the Ministry of Atomic Energy for not taking action to ensure that the dam should not be released. The collapse of the Dam poses a threat to the people as it will produce lyer bih which will affect the health not only of the people but also of the animals and plants.
Bah Sniawbhalang said he is pleased to see that the implementation of the works is going smoothly.
When the thanksgiving ceremony was over, the members of the Dkhai were examined through the Rwieng u Rwiang and the work was done well. the gold and the silver by Tymmen U San and the people.
Speaking to media, Chairman of FOCSS, Bah Pynshngainlang Syiem, Chairman of KHADC, said, “The Autonomous Councils in this area are facing financial difficulties due to the lack of funds from the He said that in the desire of the Central Government to amend the Sixth Schedule, the Councils have been placed under Article 280 regarding the allocation of funds from the Central Government. that state government.
Yoodahunki said the NH206 starts from Nongtalang village to Dawki, is 16 km long and has cost more than T.43 crore.
People gathered at VBSY centers where representatives from various Government departments explained the benefits of Central Government schemes.
Ma Balen said that until now, no order has been issued by the government to the owners of the park, but the police and other personnel have been sent to prevent the park. coal mining, to mine coal to mines and warehouses in Jaintia Hills.
These include East Khasi Hills 28, West Garo Hills 8, Ri Bhoi 4, South West Garo Hills 2, West Jaintia Hills 13, North Garo Hills 2, South Garo Hills 2, Eastern West Khasi Hills 1, East Jaintia Hills 5 and East Garo Hills 1.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has said that he has nothing to criticize about the allegation that Meghalaya is the most corrupt state, as it is only an opinion during the elections.
After these things shall come the seventh woe, and there shall be a great earthquake; the sun shall be turned into sackcloth, and the moon shall be turned into blood, and the stars shall fall to the earth; the mountains and the hills were moved out of the book.
Replying to a question, the DC said that after receiving many complaints from the residents regarding the presence of two coal truck parking lots in the area, the government has decided to He was directed to inspect these two coal truck stops.
Regarding the lack of electricity in the village, this reporter also spoke to Bah John Paul Mawlong, Rangbah Shnong of Umlathu, who said that the village has received electricity. in 2004, but the electricity is not accurate, because it burns only for 1 month while it burns for 1 year and so on until it disappears completely.
Shillong, March 26: The Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof.PS Shukla, has been forced to suspend the three-month strike by the teachers of NEHUTA. convened a meeting of the Academic Council to approve the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP),
Speaking to reporters, Minister of State Marcuise N Marak said that the amendment approved is to include the MSc in Fisheries Science and MSc Aquaculture in the list of exemptions. BF.Sc, four year graduate course as required under rule 1 and rule 3 of the MFSR,
The goal came through Dasukwame Dkhar 4′ and lasted until the end of the first half.
In Shillong, VPP candidate Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon is leading the race and in Tura, Congress candidate Saleng A Sangma is leading.
Nongstoiñ, July 18: U Bah Vincent Pala MP Shillong, who is also the President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MDA), on Tuesday said that all the parties in the MDA government are like dogs that eat meat. elephant.
La Nang Paw Ki Dak JingmaI have written many times about this proposal of the Government of India in 2021, which has been sent to the Government of Meghalaya to provide accommodation for the workers who will be sent to about 7000 (Nine thousand) villages. villagers, to stay as mynder contractors, to survey the area from the air with those drones, for 5 years or until the work is completed.
A sub committee was also appointed consisting of Wankitboklang Syiemlieh and Jerinda Kharchandy (Technical Committee), Ritu Chettri and Banskhembha A Lyndem (Selection Committee) and Ibaphira Skhemlon (Tournament Committee).
In this regard, the CMD said that he will talk to the state government to ensure that the workers should get this benefit, but it is up to the state government to take. he decided.
Shillong, July 07: The State Government has allocated T.22.3 crore to 145 employees of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) who have retired under the Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS).
The merchants have lost hope of these promises to renovate the market, but now they have to wait and see when these promises to improve the market will come true.
These Dkhars are from Assam and have arrived in the area.
The levels of some cytokines also decreased significantly among those in the group who exercised to strengthen the lungs with breathing and exercise, while the symptoms of pain were less in that group that just rings and encourages.
“People like Nantu Das should be punished.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today told the media that he will not remove Bah Lahkmen Rymbui from the post. The BJP Meghalaya has demanded that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government should remove Bah Lahkmen Rymbui from his post. The illegal coal trade in the state has led to the deaths of six coal miners who died after falling into a pit. in East Jaintia Hills District.
Titostarwell said that in the last budget session, no funds were allocated for the education department of the KHADC, but today it has decided to provide assistance from the KHADC. KHADC for schools which do not receive assistance from the Government.
The food and drink are sold from the food and drink to the food and drink you're kiwi kiwi.
D.Kamar and the program was concluded with the welcome speech by the District Pedagogy Coordinator, East Jaintia Hills District, Manbha Suja.
The DM said that as the 19th is the meeting of the North Eastern Council (NEC) in Shillong where Amit Shah, Ministers from DoNER and Chief Ministers from the North East will also attend. They came together to discuss policies and development projects in the North East, which is necessary to maintain peace and order in the city and the state.
I am not saying here that God is cruel or cruel or cruel, but when we talk about divinity we are also talking about power.
He said that the EM incharge at this meeting with the Urban Affairs Department has put forward some basic issues, which according to the Meghalaya Town and Country Planning Act, which do not disclose anything to the districts. Council.
The Rangbah Shnong, Bah Shandalam Talang, said that the Shnong has lodged a complaint with the AG office from time to time regarding the water supply from the well, but they have not listened. Officials from PWD, CPWD, the MLA of the area and magistrates have also arrived at the scene, said Bah Talang.
One to give 24 hours to re-appoint the three investigating officers of the Lokayukta, who were dismissed after being found guilty of corruption in the implementation of the GHADC project implemented by Sanjay Sangma; MLA of Mahendraganj who is also the son-in-law of the Prime Minister.
Until now, there is no rule of literature, or grammar of literature and therefore, we cannot expect anyone to take responsibility for correcting this change in writing style and perhaps, if there is a It is up to the schools to remind in their classrooms the uppercase and lowercase letters or the abbreviations and in which parts of the sentence to distinguish them.
Ma Shiwat said that he has already set up a scheme for two toilets for women and men which he has allocated T.5 lakh and will start construction if the work order is received before the arrival of the toilets. He also promised to provide a basketball court and other facilities for them.
Shillong, Ïaiong 19 : The State Government has directed the relevant departments to take urgent measures to resolve the garbage disposal system which has affected the residents of Jowai, which is also the headquarters of the in the West Jaintia Hills.
“After you left, you felt relieved that God had forgiven me and I was walking a new life”.
The President will arrive in the city tomorrow Monday to attend many meetings including addressing the House, honoring the students of NEHU and visiting the Don Bosco Center in Mawlai. .
In a statement, the Waheh Shnong of Khonshnong expressed his gratitude to the Union of Wahhnongs of Ri Jaintia Hills, Union of Wahhnongs of East Jaintia Hills, Union of Waheh Shnongs of Saphai-Iooksi Circle, Mihmyntdu Presbyterian Church, Kur of Rymbai. and especially to the East Jaintia and West Jaintia Hills Police who have worked tirelessly until the robbers were arrested.
If the ruling MLAs are willing to support the opposition, the government may be in trouble and if it fails, the political system will collapse.
Jesus was the Word, and the Word was God.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shillong City today closed down several offices and banks in Shillong from Motphran to Keating Road and also in other places including Members of HYC Nongthymmai Circle have visited the Nongthymmai Circle.
“This king will make a seven years treaty with the people, but after half that time, he will break his pledge and stop the Jews from all their sacrifices and their offering”.
Recently, the District Council has also visited the Laitumkhrah area.
“We have asked them to provide detailed information and they have not provided it at all and we have waited but we have received a letter that they don't want to continue the peace talks because of this.
The new committee will hold its first meeting on Tuesday at the Main Conference Hall, Shillong.
The place should be near the garden, so that it will be easier to transport the trees to the garden.
I say clearly that as the Government we are here, whether it is the Prime Minister, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah or anyone else, we are here not to protect ourselves but to protect the people of Meghalaya,” he said. he said.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr WR Kharlukhi said that although the NPP has not discussed anything on this issue, but on his part, he feels that the UDP's proposal is appropriate. The UDP is the biggest ally among the PDF, BJP and HSPDP as well as independent MLAs.
They said that it was after these youths and some others went to criticize Arun Kumar Kembhavi, former DC of WKHD and forced him to write.
The Village Youth Associations are one of the three pillars of building the community along with the Women's Associations and the Dorbar Shnong.
Sardius, topaz, diamond, beryl, onyx, jasper, sapphire, emerald, carbuncle, and gold.
This movement consumed teachers’ energy and time and robbed students of their rights.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Northwest on Tuesday sent a letter to some of the buyers and sellers of dewbilat in Eastern West Khasi Hills District not to sell dewbilat. TOPCEM is located in East Jaintia Hills.
The FKJGP also gave the example of the transfer of the NEC Division from Jowai to Khliehriat which covers many works only in Khliehriat and Sutnga and the Shillong North Division has been transferred to Nongpoh from Nongpoh to Umsning.
Therefore, the new rules of procedure for the management and implementation of both NESIDS components have now been released after consultation with stakeholders and extensive discussions.
Speaking to reporters, Bresswell said that when there is a kur meeting, he asks for the opinion of the people regarding the construction of the road and there is no objection, but they welcome the visit. roads and oppose the mining of uranium in the area.
When asked whether any other parties have approached him, Khan said it is too early to discuss this.
Those who attended the ceremony included DP Wahlang, Chief Secretary, MLAs and MDCs from Ri Bhoi, George B Lyngdoh, Umroi MLA, Mayral Born Syiem, Nongpoh MLA. , Jason S Mawlong MDC Umsning, Charles Marngar MDC Mawhati and R Kharbuki MDC Umroi.
“This present generation will appreciate this road of our ancestors and we will oppose to fulfill their dream by bringing the goal of this road to Ranikor,” he said.
On the other hand, the JAC has visited the road today and found that the road has become very bad and the government needs to clean up the road for the safety of the people. you're looking for you.
I am not saying this, it is the census of the Government of India”.
Meghalaya will have to strengthen especially after losing twice as they prepare to face Railways on Tuesday.
However, the stinginess of the authorities has prevented the network from being available.
So that the rule of law and the society of the children of the thousands within the Hima shall be smooth and orderly.
If we don't take care of this religious party VHP/RSS/Bajrang Dal, it will lead to a tragic incident like what happened in Manipur...Their actions are to attack Christians.
Jowai: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Jowai Circle today protested against the transfer of the new DTO of West Jaintia Hills District. It has been only three months since the transfer of former DTO P Laloo from West Jaintia Hills.
It is also better not to plant the seedlings a few days before planting.
Jiayur Rahman, Branch Manager, State Bank of India Amlarem, explained about the loans and deposit methods available in banks.
According to the investigation, she was found to be infected with Influenza 'A' and is currently undergoing treatment at TB Hospital, Shillong.
The meeting also decided to invite the Electricity Department to give its opinion on the supply of electricity to the people of the state.
"The country mourns his passing and we will continue to draw inspiration from his work," Jaitly said.
Our mother had to spend money to appeal to the Supreme Court because the land is private land.
Because without knowing well, to say that is unfair,” he said.
She also urged the offices of the Department of Agriculture and Horticulture to continue to cooperate with the producing groups and to support them to ensure that the products produced are successful and also to follow the rules in terms of the safety of the products produced because this is what the international marketplaces focus on.
Shillong: The Fair Price Shop Dealers Association, which met on 26th March 2019, has decided to convene a general meeting of ration distributors in July
Teimiki Sungoh said that the youths from the state who take part in this kind of mountaineering face many problems, the biggest problem is the lack of assistance from the government. Many young people have the ability to climb mountains.
She started her career in the sport at the age of 94, choosing shot-put.
At present, the government will gradually increase the price and reach the target, according to experts, the electricity bill will increase to 225 percent.
At the same time, speeches were delivered by Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, Kong Evanisha Pathaw, Kong Evanisha Pathaw, Lajied Basaiamoit, Branch Manager of Meghalaya Rural Bank FO Nongkynrih and others.
Although the former MLA declined to announce the new party he will join, it is understood that the UDP will soon welcome him and announce him as its candidate for the 2023 MLA elections.
“You will eat something.
The VPP is the only true party in the state that will bring about a clean and clean governance.
The peon officer said that many people are waiting for the news.
“As you know that the fiscal year will end this month and therefore the officers and the government need to clean up any pending work related to the budget. “The budget session will be held on 28th October so that the workers from 29th to 31st October will have time to clear all the pending works,” he added.
Who published such a rumour?” Mukesh told reporters.
However, we have been insulted and promoted to a district within the state of Assam.
A Brazilian court has handed down multi-year suspensions to players involved in match-fixing and other illegal activities, including a former Mumbai player. City FC Ygor Catatau.
The government plans to accommodate up to 2 lakh people in the new city.
If they want to talk, we are ready but why shouldn't we call them when we have already explained everything?"
The BSF said that they suspected the movement of people on the border with loads on their heads and later they tried to arrest them but due to the darkness and thickness of the forest, the smugglers were able to arrest them. the thief fled away.
Hours after Kynjatshai announced that Samuel Sangma, MLA of Baghmara, will join the BJP, today this news came true.
It is alleged that she has turned to work especially in the rural areas, villages inhabited by Garo friends including Malangkona, Mawïamsyiem, Kyrchai, Kamphaduli, Athiabari and other villages bordering the Garo. state of Assam.
In the video, Naila Inayat wrote, “The latest information is that you can't have children after 8pm and there are no crowds in countries where shops are closed after at 8 pm," Naila said, according to the Defense Minister.
Only the necessary items should be brought in and we should try as much as possible to bring in the items only once a day.
“The work has progressed but there are still requirements to be met as requested by the Ministry of Home Affairs, and one of these is the census of how many people speak and write Khasi,” she said. Matsiewdor speaking to reporters.
Serbian tennis star Novak Djokovic's journey to the Monte Carlo Masters has been successful as he has returned to the victory path, but has had to work hard. moreover in the fight against the Russian player.
Many schools and colleges are still following and using the old system that was used decades ago.
"At a public meeting of the party at Kran in Sohiong constituency, NPP national president Conrad Sangma said that there will be leaders of other political parties who will come to join the party in on the 6th of January.
The flag was laid by the Superintendent of Police, WJH Bikram D. Marak, in the presence of SDO K. Passah, ADC, W. Kharlukhi (EAC), WJDSA office bearers and others. participants.
Fifteen others were injured in the incident.
He also congratulated on the foundation day of Jharkhand and referred to the contribution of former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee in the foundation of the state.
These tournaments also show that if you work as a team and dedicate yourselves, there is absolutely nothing you cannot do," he said.
Revelation 21:1-2
Question to ask: How will the government take steps to develop the local economy to create jobs for the youth in this age, especially those who have the skills in the rural areas, or elsewhere? four parts?.
“As approved by the Government and the Ministry of Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairying, the Animal Welfare Board of India has issued a request for the celebration of Cow Hug Day on the 14th of this month. This month, 2023, the announcement has been cancelled,” said Board Secretary SK Dutta in a notice posted on the website.
The Minister also took part in the Run for Fun with members of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, including the Working President, Bah John Kharshiing, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah John Kharshiing. Kong Matsiewdor War Nongbri.
This was commemorated today on the closing day of the Jubilee Paila or the 35th Anniversary of the school through the reading by Kong J.Kharumnuid on the milestones that the school has gone through since not established until it is now.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The President of the Voice of the People (VPP) on Tuesday said that the party has directed all the MLAs to vote for the elections. The party has demanded that the MLA Scheme should be implemented in a transparent manner and that the scheme should be accountable to the people on how the scheme has been spent.
Why is that? For God is clothed with dazzling splendor.
Although it is still lagging behind in terms of roads and paths, and does not have colorful roads like other villages, it will have a beautiful appearance with the visit of the Tourism Department to this village. on Friday.
Parents, children, elders, I also urge you to spend some time to teach and show your children the right ways and not to overwhelm them with bad things. tien sih 'tien sang because this will make your children angry and angry and they will continue to do what is wrong.
The total amount reached Rs.79,098 crore.
Many young people come to my farm to apply for jobs and most of the time I find that even for one post you can imagine how many children come to apply,” he said. it is the first thing he will fight to eliminate.
Final prayer: If we truly love God the Father in heaven and Jesus, our Saviour, we will turn to Him and obey God's will.
No.TAD/REV/90/55(b) Shillong 21st.
Shillong, Naitung 17: After being inactive for two months, the Shillong-Umroi Airport will resume operations after the resumption of Alliance Air flights from 1st July.
Shillong, November 3: The Khasi Disabilities Association (KHA) has announced that soon after the celebration, the Khasi Disabilities Association (KHA) will take action to hold an indefinite strike.
Vanua is the new mindset of Fijians, but Fiji and its islands are in danger and the inhabitants may lose their land.
The program was held at the ground floor of Shngimawleiñ Government Upper Primary School in the presence of Bah Polin Lyngdoh Marshillong, Headmaster of Shngimawleiñ Government Upper Primary School. (AH&VD), South West Khasi Hills District, and the parents who were the participants of this day.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the company to which the Ministry has awarded the work has ceased half of the work. -June 2022, I personally went to Delhi and met with the MD and Secretary of the Ministry in charge to discuss and express these issues and they decided to start sending the tender again" .
When asked whether the AITC supports the ILP, Abhishek said that as the Legislative Assembly has passed a unanimous resolution, the AITC has passed a unanimous resolution. AITC will also fight to achieve this long-standing goal of the residents.
1-War East MDC Ma Gillroy Tariang on Saturday donated 300 byrni of rice to 36 villages in Satpator district.
The main thing that you have to do is to complete the day.
However, Lajong are hopeful of playing well with the return of Brazilian midfielder Renan Paulino De Souza who was suspended for four yellow cards.
There are 43 villages in this PHC and the population has reached 35,000, but it is still the only PHC where the people are suffering from illnesses. The government has only one doctor or medical officer to provide treatment at this hospital.
God has sent me to divide the religion of others, read the bible carefully, Christians,,this may be because a Christian child has a mental disorder,,doesn't he come? I guess I don't think that my ancestors are the religion of the French, I guess all guys need.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Regional Office of the State Bank of India, Dhankheti has invited young men and women who have completed the training and also those who are still attending the training to come and listen to the explanation from the State Bank of India, Dhankheti. The Bank will provide funds from T.50,000, T.5 lakh to T.5 lakh to set up their own businesses.
All leaders from parents, village leaders, religious leaders, civil society leaders, school teachers especially public leaders such as MLA/MDC/MP should be models of by Discipline.
(Example: The shiphew virgins).
Also present on the occasion were Bah D Hynniewta, ADC East Khasi Hills, Bah AS Suting, DPM M-LAMP, Bah M Marbaniang, members of the Society, Village Leaders, Elders, Villagers, students among others.
For then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be.
He said that if there is any difference of opinion within the government, the handshake will lead astray instead of implementing policies for the work of the government.
When they had heard for a while, the outsiders tried to knock on the door of Lydia's father's house.
The Seng hopes that this youngster will continue to work hard and win more medals to bring fame and glory to the District and the Khasi people as a whole.
However, a man carrying a knife with threatening words was arrested by the police,” she said.
The committee on the Village Administration Bill (VAB) has decided to invite comments from the public and other groups on the bill.
However, what is more difficult for the NPP is the support of the BJP in Delhi for the Shillong and Tura seats.
“Urged the MLA to refrain from making such statements, the Prime Minister said, “You are in the House, it is not a press conference, so you should speak the truth.
It started on the 12th of November when MACS staff went around the state to select the bands to perform at the festival and out of 51 bands from 6 districts who came to perform. Only 11 districts were selected and they were the winners in their respective districts including one from Garo Hills, two from Mairang, one from Jowai, one from Ri-Bhoi, one from Ri-Bhoi. from Sohra and three from Shillong.
On the day of its release, the film grossed Rs 21.6 crore and is the highest grossing film for Alia and Varun.
How to apply: Log on to www.mbda.
The search operation was once a hideout for armed robbers and a large number of explosives and weapons of mass destruction were recovered from the area.
At the time of initial report, Dr John Sailo was a doctor of Bethany and the name of the doctor did not come out of the mouth of the Chief Minister. , even when you are dead; but it is the newspapers and other newspapers, which have bluit the name of this doctor, because you can hide the name of the sick, but the deceased, according to the rank of Dr Sailo, you can not to remain confidential, because the obituary should go in the name of the person and not just say, the coronavirus patient or the chief physician of Bethany.
The remaining land is about six years old.
I know that the job of a teacher is not easy so I appreciate your hard work.
Besides these questions, u Bah Donkupar Sumer to the Trade Department of KHADC asked how many new trade licenses have been issued in Iewduh. answer that there are 9 of them.
The public was also invited to tell stories where some of them performed dance and told stories.
On the other hand, Lazarus said, “We are very pleased to see the willingness of the people to accept the TMC in this state to provide the right services like the joining of Willy D Shira who is one of the leaders who are loved and respected by the people.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi District Sports Association (RBDSA) today paid tribute to two prominent figures of the Ri Bhoi District Sports Association (RBDSA), who have contributed to the development of sports in the district. Dr DD Lapang, one of the founders of the RBDSA and Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, the new MLA of Nongpoh Constituency.
He said that the party has decided to register members by its leaders, because it does not want to do like other parties, but before registering members or the people joining the party, they need to understand clearly. They should also understand the principles of the Party and what their role is when they join the Party.
Speaking to media, he said that these candidates have their own goals to serve the constituencies where they intend to contest this election especially to bring about changes in terms of development and peace. Damanbait Lamare, NPP candidate from Umroi, refused to speak to the media and fled immediately after filing his nomination papers.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture, the annual production of beef in the state is 23,741 tonnes, pork 14,414 tonnes, goat 1348 tonnes and chicken 3615 tonnes.
On the other hand, he also congratulated the contractor, Bah Khraw Thabah and the team who have been able to complete the market on time.
In his mind Bahnah thought to compare Riia's house with Linda's house.
According to the information received from the elders of the area, the people during the rainy season through the heavy rainfall face the difficulty of drinking the wah blei. eh in the time of heavy rainfall where they have to face difficulties is in the time of illness they have to carry themselves in ships made of siej to get to carry the sick.
Close doors and windows and make sure children and pets are indoors.
However, for several years now, the election of MLAs is no longer on the basis of democracy.
The land shall be desolate, when the wicked shall go away.
To ensure that there should be no impact on living things from humans, animals and the environment from the mining of coal by violating the laws.
According to police investigation, the girl was riding in an auto rickshaw driven by Ramalson Marak, 44, from Byrnihat area to 18 Mer.
Those who are interested should be encouraged to use the Aarogya Setu app.
I don't believe that women are raped.
They also alleged that even the courts in Meghalaya, in collaboration with the District Councils, police and courts, should take action against such cases. They are the ones who are responsible for these organizations.
The funeral service will be held on 15.03.2020 at 1 pm at the Catholic Cemetery, Jowai.
The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, Kong Isawanda Laloo, in accordance with the powers conferred upon her under Section 144 Cr.
“As a sign of safety in traffic especially those who drive, we have done this to educate the public to be careful while driving to avoid any accidents especially when driving without “It's not like we're going to be able to drive without following the rules of law,” said one of the policemen while distributing flowers to those who violate the law.
Kynmaw Syngai, Benti Riahtam and Lumlang Riahtam are from the same family.
“We are still waiting for the news and we have not received any word,” said Bah Wallambok, who is the son-in-law of Bah Tiklu.
The list of players who will participate in the tournament including men, women and U-21 is: Men: Ding Liren, Viswanathan Anand, Nodirbek Abdusattorov, Leinier Domínguez, Alexander Grischuk, Daniil Dubov, Vidit Gujrathi, Gukesh D , Arjun Erigaisi, Shakhriyar Mamedyarov, Teimour Radjabov, Yi Wei, Yu Yangyi, Maxime Vachier-Lagrave, Richard Rapport, Kirill Shevchenko, Jan-Krzysztof Duda, Salem SalahWomen: Hou Yifan, Koneruyona Humpynani, Kateryna Alex, Harika Tan Zhongyi, Nana Dzagnidze, Bella Khotenashvili, Nino Batsiashvili, Irina Krush, Polina Shuvalova, Elisabeth PaehtzU-21: Praggnanandhaa R., Raunak Sadhwani, Nihal Sarin, Jonas Buhl Bjerre, Pen Javovko, Andrey Sivokhir.
They were also alleged to have violated the Memorandum of Association (MOA) and the Rules of Procedure of the DHGRPHA.
“I request to immediately expedite the supply of electricity to these villages and to set up an inquiry into the delay in delivering electricity to these villages so that the officers and contractors involved can be punished,” he said. Great.
Bah Pynshngain received the support of 16 out of 23 MDCs in the 30-member Assembly.
The meeting was attended by 11 out of 19 members of the UDA. Those who attended the meeting were Pynshngain N Syiem, Alvin Sawkmie, Gigur Myrthong, Mitchel Wankhar and Victor Ranee. Others who attended the meeting were Madalyne Mawlong (PDF), Latiplang Kharkongor and Lambor Malngiang. MDCs who are not members of this group.
Shillong: Laitkyrhong SC and Langsning won the SSA U-14 match at Polo Ground today.
Raju said that the need of the people for meat in the state is not only for pork but also for beef and beef. He urged companies to bring their equipment to the state to produce meat that has not been imported from the state.
President Bah T Kharkongor and Secretary K Ryntathiang said that the residents of Shilliang Umkhen area have expressed their surprise to learn through the media about the intention of the state government to proceed with the installation of this project. garbage dump amidst strong opposition from the residents.
Please tell me if you feel that you have the right to say that, please don't publish those Khasi words, because the Khasi words don't mean only one but they mean all the races of mankind. …IF YOU THINK SHE HAS THE RIGHT TO SPEAK FOR BLAMING THE KHASIWE TOO YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO CRITICIZE AGAINST HER….
Sani Phawa scored the third goal in the 38th minute for Mulait United FC to win the title.
On 20th October 2019, the Government has promoted her as ADC Incharge SDO Civil Amlarem and the Supply Department under her jurisdiction has improved compared to other Supply Departments in the State.
As one of the organizations that looks after the welfare of the society especially the rights of women, the CSWO cannot listen to the former Minister of Arunachal Pradesh. The party has lodged an FIR with the demand that he should be punished according to the law.
He said that due to the lack of clarity in the law, almost all the 500 saw mills are illegal, because of these Acts and Rules of India, forest owners cannot open sawmills on their own land, because they have to open in Industrial Estate while the Government does not own land.
The Union Home Minister, Amit Shah, has convened a meeting of all political parties in New Delhi on Saturday to discuss the situation. The state of Manipur.
Nongkulang village in South West Khasi Hills has been affected by the natural disaster twice this month. Many of them have been affected by the storm.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is also the National Vice-President of the National People's Party (NPP), on Tuesday said that the National People's Party (NPP) does not want political parties like the National People's Party (NPP). UDP, BJP, PDF, HSPDP to join hands in the government, but proposed to join the NPP. At the same time, Prestone admitted that the presence of NPP MLAs could not. rising to 34 in the next few days.
“I don't care about the rights of my mother.
Dimapur: The Lotha Students' Union (LSU) has demanded that the Nagaland government should fully implement the rules of the Inner-Line Permit (ILP) in the state to curb the influx of foreigners. outside the State.
They can also appear in the form of murderers and robbers.
They were arrested by the Special Cell of the Palace Hotel, Barabazar.
The ceremony was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong in the presence of the Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Director of Sports and Youth Affairs, Isawanda Laloo and others.
James met and talked to John Kharshiing, Francis Kharshiing in the intensive care unit of NEIGRIHMS and the children of Amita Sangma.
Since the collapse of the house, the family members of Bah Phlasting Nongsiej have had to stay in hiding in the houses of their relatives.
The Seng announces that for those children who have talent especially those who want to play to come for the trial which will be held on the 29th June 2023 at 7 pm at Urkaliar Stadium, Nongmensong.
shah-shi-shah: you can't speak without complaining.
The term ANG is used in many parts of the country.
He said that the government has always said that it is determined to fight against terrorism, this is not enough, and it will not be possible if it does not have proper strategies and targets set according to the time.
Therefore, the Khasi New Year will be an encouragement to the society to be equal in their lives in society.
He said that at the meeting, the village headmen unanimously agreed that all the village headmen, village youth organizations and the public will work together to achieve this goal.
His Faith gives hope, peace, happiness and eternal life.
Shillong: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) and Minister in the Government of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the new President of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) The MPCC has called upon Banteidor to return to the Congress party.
“Until the Finance Department has issued a statement, we will not be able to say whether there are any misuse,” said Mondal in reply to a question by Congress MLA from Umsning Dr. Celestine. Lyngdoh regarding the allegation of misuse of this scheme.
The awards were presented to Lumshyiap Village, Darechikgre Village and Dura Kantragre Village.
In the march led by Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, Chairman of CoMSO, the protesters turned to the Governor's Gate at 3 pm and the police started firing lathi bombs. Some of the victims were bombed and some of them fled the scene and some of them were injured in the blast.
The skills, knowledge and selflessness of Samla Wanlambok did not end only in the village where Sah lives and did not end only in the four corners of NEHU. Samuel B.Jyrwa President and General Secretary of the CEC has appointed him as a full member of the CEC in 2008 until he retires from the party in .
Ryntih SC have beaten one of the most famous clubs in the Second Division I.League by beating one of the most famous clubs in the Second Division I.League. FC Bengaluru beat the Champions League 2-0 in Bangalore on Tuesday.
“Well, I understand,” said Rangsan and held his mobile phone.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) led by Mylliem Block President Sarongbor Kharmawphlang, Secretary Wonder Dkhar and Spar Lyngdoh on Tuesday held a meeting to discuss the issue. The meeting was held at 1 pm at the office of the party at Pomlum 7th Mile Upper Shillong.
When asked whether he is confident of winning the elections, Bah Gigur said, “The people themselves have witnessed what he has done in these elections. the five years of his MLA tenure.
He urged all the children of Sutnga district to come forward and support the ECC to stand against these factories which affect the environment and the health of the residents.
In North Garo Hills, 20 cases, Ribhoi 17, Mawdiangum 4 and Umkynsier 4 cases.
To encourage the participation of all sectors of society in the celebration of IDY 2023, various programs have been held on the International Day of Yoga in the country.
On the other hand, the two organizations urged the JHADC to immediately release the report of the investigation and also demanded that those who embezzle the money of the JHADC should be punished by imprisonment and immediate dismissal. which is not shipor.
After arriving in the UK, in this regard, Angel realized that she had been scammed.
The Arogya Manthan 2023 is to mark the five years of implementation of the AB PMJAY programme, which aims to provide health services to millions of beneficiaries since opened on November 23, 2018.
These visitors include from Shillong, Shella, Umpung, Mawkyrwat and even from Jaintia Hills.
The time for the games has also been fixed at 4 pm during the school holidays.
For example, the Mawlai VIP Road, which connects Mawlai from Umshing to Umroi Airport.
The group congratulates Willson Talang, Welly Pohlong, Marshal Lamin, Cameo Talang, Shining Star Pohlong, Banshan L. Gadiang, Polios Pohthmi, Monlah Amdep, Tyngshaiñ Lamin and John Christopher Columbus Pohlong.
It also tells of John's struggle and vision on Patmos, which tells of the weeping, wailing, and shouting of the wicked who were beaten, imprisoned, and killed.
The group was formed at a meeting of the Rangbah Shnongs of these nine villages held last night at Mynsain, Ri-Bhoi District.
The Committee will start its work from next month.
To improve the quality of health services, the Civil Hospital Nongpoh on the 1st of this month has opened a Special Care New Born. Unit (SNCU).
Aizawl: There have been 576 new cases of covid-19 in Mizoram today, including 128 children.
SBI has also directed its branches that no proof is required to exchange the 2000 tyngka note.
When they were all asleep, Alexander and his troops went up at night to the east of the river, crossed the river and surrounded Porus and his troops.
Shillong, July 01: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday launched the Prime Agriculture Response Vehicles at MAMETI, Upper Shillong.
The players, who reached the semifinals of the All England Open, at the beginning of their journey in the current tournament, were defeated 14-21, 14-2 and Indonesia; Apriyani Rahayu & Siti Fadia Silva Ramadhanti.
No MP has been seen in many constituencies in the last 10 years, but now that the elections are approaching, it has started to appear again.
Therefore, we must understand clearly that if we take responsibility, consecrate and elect Legislators and Rulers responsibly, we will have Legislators and Rulers who are responsible, who take responsibility for governance and who take responsibility for that is, the power to rule over the people.
“It is beyond my power to punish them, but it is up to the leaders in the AICC,” said Ma Pala. He said that these MLAs will be asked for an answer first and after that they will be expelled from the party if their answer is not satisfactory.
Bah HB Lyngdoh as DSO said that this day is the birth anniversary of PC Mahalanobis one of the scholars and intellectuals who has made a great contribution to the society through Statistics and how to improve it. thinking to improve income and to develop various methods of working.
I don't think there is any need for consultation with various groups because we have done it since six months ago.
The awareness meeting was conducted by Niwanka L.Shylla Zonal Supervisor of the LWS Project of SURE. The Headmaster of HK Singh Seondary School expressed his gratitude to SURE for conducting this public awareness campaign inside the school and hoped that the students will benefit greatly from this programme.
Don't think what India will give you, think what you will give India.
“The aim of Prime Minister Duh is to strengthen all health services through the schemes of the Central Government.
Earlier, Bah Pangniang said that the law in India is the same for those involved in shootings whether in border areas or non-border areas.
Any school children and adults can also take part to explain and understand to the public.
However, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that nurses who are studying in the government sector have to take an examination including a written test and a personal interview according to Rule 7 of the Constitution. the Meghalaya Nurses' Service Rules,
“It is not a problem because many churches and village leaders rely on the District Council for this.
Sutnga SSCC beat Dhana SC 3-1. Sumarbha Bareh scored the goals in the 3rd minute and Ioanis Suchen scored the goals in the 32nd and 74th minutes.
The selected cricketers of Meghalaya include Suruti Kumari Ray, Neelam Roy, Ankita Sharma, Sistilin Ryntathiang, Monica Lyngdoh Phawa, Marme M Sangma, Sara Daffica Kharbani, Blaridahun Dkhar, Janika Marak, Awesa G Momin and Indariakor. Kharwanniang, Dubleen Nengnong, Smillin N Sangma, Dianchidora Sangma, Emisakani Warjri, Fennysha Nongrum (standby), Jaylin Mary Marak (standby) and Angelica Maring (standby). Wankhar (assistant coach), Darishesha Mawroh (trainer), Sushma Thapa (physio) and Chingche Ch Marak (manager).
'Yoga for Vasudhaiva Kutumbkam' is not just a one-day activity.
However, it is true that the development of this technology has increased the amount of solid waste.
At the same time, police seized 111.18 kilos of Kynja from a vehicle, but no arrest was made as the driver fled the scene.
Which God hath revealed unto our fathers, and unto us.
Under the Ishan Uday scheme, about 10,000 students from across the North East, who are studying in various fields from general degree courses to technical and professional courses, receive this scholarship every year.
Delhi Lieutenant Governor VK Saxena today held an anti-plastic drive at Baansera near Sarai Kala Khan to reduce the use of single-use plastic (SUP) in the city on 21st July.
He said that the school has been established since 1995, which started with 4-5 students and now there are up to 200 students who have been trained at different hours.
On this occasion, free dental treatment was provided to the students.
Interestingly, the Prime Minister has agreed to terminate the contract with the Jain IAS from Delhi and will do so immediately.
There shall also be a proper and accurate census and no piece of land or forest shall not be included in the census and it shall not be known that no one is the owner.
Police arrested Jimmy from his village in Moorap at noon.
Shillong: The Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, today said that the state is well prepared to host the National Games in
“The Union strongly supports and encourages the demand of the ASHAs regarding the increase in their salaries.
The village has about 1,700 inhabitants.
Shillong: Meghalaya are now in fourth place of the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy T20 tournament with a five-wicket victory over Sikkim in the first leg of the tournament today.
He said that the Association expects the Vice Chancellor to look into and inform the issues raised by the Association from 21st November.
The Executive Committee of the JHADC has directed all the Waheh Shnongs of East and West Jaintia Hills Districts to cooperate with the Council to curb the illegal activities of foreigners within the council's boundary.
Nongstoiñ: The Hima Nonglang Sirdarship under the leadership of Bah Phlolasly Nianglang on Saturday held an emergency meeting with the leaders of the KSU Mawsynrut Circle. There has been an attempt by the Garo Hills District Council to seize the Khasi land in Langdongdai West Khasi Hills.
Pynshngaiñ said that some of the signs that the government is taking over the land in Saitsohpen are the construction of the NIT, some government offices and others.
It is learned that last night, the man and his friends were coming from Nongpoh, but when they reached the place, they were involved in a traffic jam. The CRPF personnel who were present at the scene did not respond to the call, but stopped and bombed without any reason. He identified himself as the Rangbah Shnong of Pahammawlein, a village nearby.
“She said that the BJP's demand to introduce a Uniform Civil Code across the country shows that it has a lot of money.
The Rangbah Shnong, Bah Tisharland Nongbri, said that the village encourages these members of the Village Organization in this work.
These athletes won seven Gold, three Silver and nine Bronze medals.
These buses are actually supposed to operate around Shillong and according to information they are operated by the Synroplang Self Help Group Mawpat.
because of the opposition of a Congress MLA at that time”.
Today, rainfall in Sohra was 34.8mm, Shillong was 5.6mm and Umiam was 1.4mm.
The Government will have to think many times when it talks about peace and development.
To the factories that used to be here, we have given you our resources, clean water, clean air, beautiful environment that belongs to us, but what we need from you is It is a job for the youth of Bri u Hynniewtrep.
The proposed venues for the tournament include Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Don Bosco Secondary School, Mihmyntdu, Kiang Nangbah Government College, Amphitheater at Moolasyat, Khadar. Daloi Law College, Tome Memorial Higher Secondary School, Mooralong, Chutwakhu Indoor Stadium, Jowai Public School, Khimmusniang Indoor Stadium and Jrisalein Stadium.
Jowai: A family in Lakadong village, Iooksi area, WJH has lost their home due to a terrible fire.
He said the government is trying to bring many facilities in the health facilities to make it easier for the people so that they don't have to run to Shillong or the district headquarters when they are sick. the cost of walking and standing.
This pohjait has done too much and has allowed this Syiem to dieri suda...I demand that the Syiems should be abolished.
FKJGP Publicity Secretary Reginald Thabah has been summoned to appear at Sardar Police Station after some people lodged a complaint against him alleging that he was involved in the incident on This month in Demseiniong.
There is no confusion regarding the separation of powers, as Para 12 A has clarified the power to the State Government to enact any law if necessary.
I am sure that young friends and others do not just want to drink this MRAD KYNSHA and become addicted to it but there may be many reasons that we don't know.
To achieve this goal of true peace of mind, the Government will have to ensure that the citizens have access to education and the citizens have access to health.
“UCIL has stopped misleading the people but come and talk to the HYC in Nongstoin,” said Dohling. He added that if the government and KHADC issue the NOC, , it has already been a threat to the nation and the future generations.
The union has strongly warned the foreigner and immediately expelled him from the country on the same day.
Earlier, the CSWO led by its president Agnes Kharshiing had filed a PIL in the Meghalaya High Court in April last year demanding the removal of two MLAs/MDCs including Bah Stephanson. Chief Minister, Mr. HDR Lyngdoh, Mr. Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, Mr. Metbah Lyngdoh, Mr. Pynngshngainlang Syiem, Mr. Plastingwell Pangniang, Mr. Sanbor Shullai and Mr. Brolding Nongsiej.
At the same time, he also expressed the need to open an MCH hospital in Umsning next Christmas.
He said that the State Government has prepared an allocation of T.4700 crore to assist projects for Natural Resource Management in the State.
Jowai, July 10: The Inter School Subroto Cup Football Tournament-2022 was held today at Kiang Ground, Jowai. Stadium Stadium, Jowai.
Williamnagar, June 12: The Janata Dal United (JDU) Meghalaya on Tuesday expelled two of its leaders for their anti-party activities in the last elections.
About 27 groups including the Ri-Bhoi Police, various schools, NCC, Bharat Scouts and Guides took part in the parade. The skits were performed by a group of schools in Ri-Bhoi.
of Philosophy), Smt.
“Among these protests, we have seen the attacks on Khasi in Them Metor, Rilbong (the shooting of Khasi children abroad), Golf Links (the murder of Phershanroy Myrthong), Ichamati (the Lurshai Hynniewta was shot dead by Kharbang supporters of CAA and ILP, on Ghora Line, Laitumkhrah (the shooting death of a Khasi youth while walking in the kharmetor), in Laitumkhrah (in the past few months; Nepalis and Mizos have tied a Khasi youth to ICU), Bijoy (the killing of a Khasi youth by Dkhars who bombed him just because he was a Khasi), on the Assam border as in Jatalong, Ri Bhoi District (the shooting and injury of Khasi elders by the Nepalis), at Madan Umwang (the killing of Rangbah Tyngshain Mukhim by the Nepalis) and other insults against the indigenous people,” said the KSU. In this regard, the KSU said that if we look at these robbery of the Khasi in our country, it is a mistake because it never happens anywhere that the villagers are robbed in their own rympei.
According to the order issued by the District Magistrate on Monday, these three houses include the house of Lamwan Pasweth, Heisuk Kyndiah and Pynhunlangki Toi of Iongpiah, Jowai.
Referring to the seizure of explosives from East Jaintia Hills, Prestone said the government will not allow any illegal activity.
The troops of the Nongkhlaw Hima, although they lost many lives among themselves, were also able to kill up to 50-60 sepoys or soldiers from the north.
According to a statement, the DGP said that these firearms were seized by the police of Udalguri area.
“I would like to clarify that only T.5.98 crore has been allocated from the 13th Finance Commission,” said Bah Syiem, Chairman of KHUDA. Consultant because they have not yet conducted an inspection of the work.
Many of those who took part in the march fled the scene as soon as the police arrived.
The Minister said that the State Government in collaboration with Bakdil NGO has been able to provide financial support to the Cooperative Societies under the implementation of FOCUS and FOCUS Plus.
It is worth mentioning that the heavy rainfall which has lasted for several days, has seen many parts of the NH-6, collapsed and some trees standing along the road, which have collapsed on the road. for the earth is filled with water.
Besides, the Minister said that the Government has set a target to create more than 2.5 lakh jobs in the agriculture sector in the next 4-5 years.
The sniper is believed to have shot down up to 40 Russian warplanes.
Marweiñ said that this announcement by the department has caused a lack of confidence among the people to buy and eat cow's milk and drink cow's milk. ways to gain the trust of the public to eat meat again.
“For 4 and 5 years now, many people have not received their Schedule Tribe Certificate just because they have taken their jait from their father.
However, he said that when doing any job there are always difficulties and losses but one should continue to find ways and means to make it successful.
After that, they starred in many films, such as Garv, Tere Naam, Tumko Na Bhool Payenge, Partner and Dabangg.
The Tree has been planted since before 1948, which means that Israel has been planted since 1948 AD and before that.
“Although India refuses to recognize the Schedule Tribes as citizens, it was stated that, “Although India refuses to recognize the Schedule Tribes as citizens, Trai Muluk, but accepts different rules relating to the implementation of development projects for the Trai Ri”.
“If the Scheduled Tribes are appointed according to their ability, UR should be written in the appropriate column.
Therefore, the struggle to protect, preserve and develop the Tribals, which includes us Khasi, Jaintia and Garo, cannot escape the struggle against the forces and groups who want to bring about one religion, one culture. culture, one philosophy and one system of government throughout India.
The SSA tournament started on July 19 and 12 teams have taken part in the tournament.
of India) to implement the admission to colleges/universities for students studying in Class XII (Higher Secondary Level) even though the results of Class Xi of the MBOSE have not been announced yet.
In a letter sent to Union Minister Dharmendra Pradhan on 7th October, the Chief Minister said, “As many of the colleges in the State are affiliated to the North Eastern Hill University, I request Your Office to exempt Meghalaya from the conduct of CUET”.
The Shillong-Jowai road is one of the best roads in the state compared to other roads in the state. To all the villages that pass through this area, we the people who live in the Sohryngkham – Mawryngkneng Area are very happy to travel every day, but it is also Accidents happen every day from time to time and many people have lost their lives on these roads , so we who live in these areas when we see this danger from From time to time we urge all drivers and even two wheelers, especially tourist vehicles to be careful and vigilant when driving on these roads. To take pass kulmar in the villages of this road, especially the drivers of commercial vehicles have to remember that they carry the lives of precious people because if you make a mistake, the blame will go directly to the driver. We urge you to drive with dignity and respect to avoid any tragic incident. At the same time we urge the law enforcement agencies (police) to conduct regular jinhaw tests for drivers. From commercial vehicles & private vehicles, there are those who drink alcohol and drugs because this is very dangerous because when you are shot, it can cause serious pain while driving.
However, regarding this issue, the Minister, while talking to Mawphor, said that the ASHAs should have checked a day or two before they came so that she could arrange and inform.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has said that the Hima Bhowal should be removed first, while the HYC has said that this is a remote controlled decision from Delhi. Pynsngain, together with Vincent Pala and UCIL officials, for the approval of the construction of the two-vehicle road to Wahkaji, Mawthabah.
At this time of struggle to get rid of this corona virus, if the power of knowledge to cure is found, it will be the greatest news in the world.
Sane scored for City in the 40th minute and Mahrez in the 51st minute, while Doucoure scored for Watford in the 85th minute.
“Of course, there are some policemen involved in this crime but I don't mean that all of them are involved but only a few may be involved in this crime,” said Zenith.
On the 28th, the First Division will be played between Lutituber SW and Khliehiongriang at 12.00 pm.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Khanduli-Umshangiar Unit has expressed its deep sorrow over the damage to the buildings under the 100 days bill scheme at Mukoiram village. Assam.
They have lodged a complaint with the District Council, but the District Council has not taken any action against the Lyngdoh.
Khliehriat, Naitung, 05: The District Planning Department of East Jaintia Hills District has announced that it will soon release the forms for the Chief Minister Youth Development Scheme. This scheme and that they can conduct any awareness programs to improve the youth.
Speaking on the occasion, RDA candidate Robertjune Kharjahrin promised the people of Khasi Jaintia Hills that if he is elected as MP, he will work with the Central Government to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) immediately. in the State of Meghalaya.
The purpose of the competition is to preserve the culture of our ancestors and to teach the students to respect it and to use the talents that God has given to everyone. it's a person.
The people who take custody of these children will appoint people to look after the case specifically.
An inspection was conducted at the office under construction in Nongspung.
The Court also said that the State Government can talk to the Central Government to help release the funds especially as this bridge is close to Shillong.
Khliehriat June 02: At the election meeting of the National People's Party (NPP) held today at Ladrymbai Dongwah, former MLA of the constituency, u Ma Nehlang Lyngdoh, who is also the President of the NPP 6-Khliehriat Block Committee, urged all the office bearers and members to work together for the development of the party.
This is the desire of my heart that has caused me to violate justice..."In the time of Jesus and in this age as well, wealth and power are concentrated in a few hands. , so the violence and harassment is intense and this news calls upon us the residents, from the day laborers, farmers, domestic workers, marketers, market vendors to students, teachers, small traders and others to come together.
“The prediction gives the theme and according to the overall estimates the NDA may come back to power and this is the prediction that Modi will come back because the people are happy with his work but We will have to wait for the result,” he said.
Shillong, Nailur 28: On the night of Saturday 27th of this month, a group of robbers suspected to be newly formed rebel groups, entered Shahlang and at 7 pm. At 10:00 pm, they entered two houses and arrested two men who were the owners of dew iong in the area.
In an interview with Generous Warlarpih, President of the union, he said that all beef shops will be closed from 7th July 2019 across the Khasi Jaintia Hills. He urged all the meat producers, who are under the shatri of the union, to implement the decision, which has been taken by the union, to close their shops, from that date.
After a long speech, he concluded by requesting the opposition to withdraw the no-confidence motion against the government because he and the government he leads have listened to the opinion. of the opposition.
The announcement from NEIGRHIMS will be issued on 25th November
For their assistance and support to our family, we would like to thank the doctors and nurses of Woodland WK Hospital, the police and magistrates, the friends who provided the ambulance, the Chutwakhu Local Durbar. , Jowai, the Moosalyngkat Dorbar Chnong, Jowai, the Thadlaboh Presbyterian Church, Jowai, pastors and leaders who have prayed and comforted us in the midst of the nations and sorrows.
Shillong: Former Minister of State and former MLA of Mylliem constituency, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, on Tuesday criticized the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma. Speaking to reporters, u Bah Ronnie said that the government wants to turn the state into a Panchayati Raj like other states in order to benefit from the money. Direct Funding from the Central Government.
If such thoughts come to enter into this present heritage, what else will happen to this nation for the future heritage?
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) Ri Bhoi District today distributed blankets to more than 50 poor families in Mawtari village, Mawhati.
Hame Nangsan Kharmujat scored the first goal for Real Mythics FC in the 56th minute.
He said if he is a true politician he should have prepared the programs and policies of the Congress for
According to information received from the SMB officer, up to 130 tonnes of garbage is collected daily and disposed of at Marten Mawlai Mawiong.
He informed all the Daloi, Pator, Langdoh, Secretaries, Presidents, Chairman and members of various Seïñ Raij and Niamtre departments in the country to attend this meeting to hear and discuss. Give your opinion so that the good deeds and aspirations of the Seiñ will be successful.
The President of the HYC Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, said that the Shnong has requested the Seng to help and the Seng gives its full support to the Dorbar Shnong. If you don't, you won't be able to reopen the factory.
I'm happy once.
In the Amazon rainforest and now in Australia.
The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) on 2nd June released its agenda for the upcoming elections on 27th June
It was also decided that from the 26th of this month to the 2nd of June 2021, shops not related to food and beverages in Shillong will be closed.
"I turned to Rida. Rida also looked at her mother and said, 'What do you think?'
The clash between the Pnars and the Karbi started from Khanduli and spread to Lapangap village and in the months of November and April this year, the Karbi allegedly came to cut down the trees planted in Lapangap village. part to cleanse the mountains and rivers.
However, he said that the government has not shown any signs yet.
The CAG report has also found that hospitals have been selected for treatment under the PMJAY scheme. There are also those who have false names and those who use their Aadhar numbers.
He said that through the ability of the company to deliver this heavy machine with the assistance of Mukhla Mission Village, it is able to provide the best service in the field of producing the best Dewbilat in the area. in the east and in the country as a whole.
Prestone said the government has no intention of inviting political parties to discuss the issue as the Cabinet has already announced the date of the elections and there is only six months left. eiei that the election can come.
According to the letter, Bah Sanbor said that as the BJP leader from Meghalaya from time to time, he has spoken on issues affecting the people of the state. He said that the UCC is an issue that needs to be considered and as a law implemented by the country it should provide peace to the minorities and protect the customs and traditions of the minorities in the Eastern States. lam east of the country.
He said that whenever the child needs it, he doesn't hurt her but he wants to make her happy if she wants to buy clothes, food but he doesn't think that the child didn't say anything to him before she left home. I am not dead from this world.
DOP, Editing and DI Colourist were appointed by Cores Marwein of LJ Film Studio Nongpoh.
He said that in the ejahar he has not accused anyone as he is now with the Voice of the People's Party which wants to have a clean governance and therefore it is necessary to eradicate all corruption.
The Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the government will discuss with the Border Security Force (BSF) on the compensation for the children of Bah Roning Nongkynrih. was shot dead by soldiers on 5 January.
