The tyrso farm, when we talk about the field, has been a source of concern for many politicians and this has happened in the votes that should not have been voted, the benefits that should not have been received and and it is the tyrso garden, which removes the first idea that Meghalaya is a rural state or that it belongs to the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
“If anything happens to foreigners, the members of the Sengbhalang are accused from time to time and the Sengbhalang also warns Gopal Dey not to accuse without evidence. “The CWC also demands that the district authorities and the government should not allow these groups to hold meetings of the CWC as it will insult the members. “It will lead to more ethnic discrimination and bloodshed,” said the Seng.
Police have arrested the son, Drasdingwell Lyngkhoi, 25, and taken him to the Civil Hospital Nongstoin for further treatment.
Dr. Mukul Sangma's claim that the AICC authorities in Delhi have confirmed that he will win from Tura is just a myth, because even in Delhi they don't know how to win. It is true that in Tura, here, that their Moina, who lives in the countryside (Tura), will win, as Bah Sikendro Syiemlieh sings.
It is located in two old villages, Raisina and Malcha where there were about 300 households but they have been relocated because their land has been taken by the British government to build houses, offices and others. other needs of the Viceroy of England in India.
There will be questions, but our desire is to achieve the goal because as a party we are well prepared to achieve this goal,” said Meghalaya TMC State President Charles Pyngrope.
There are many crops in the state which have received demand from abroad such as Lakadong, Sying, Sohtrun and Sohmarit.
On the last day of his visit to Manipur, Union Minister of Home Affairs and Cooperation, Amit Shah on the 1st of this month spoke to media in Imphal.
The present MDA government cannot pay the government employees, such as arrear, MeECL, MCCL, SSA teachers who have not received their salaries.
“As a party we are not losing hope and we hope to do well in the upcoming elections in 2023," he added.
Speaking at the 25th Anniversary Ceremony of IIT Guwahati today, the Vice President said that the Directive Principles of State Policy (DPSP) are 'key to the governance of the country' of the Government to convert these into rules.
Those who want to contest the elections like blang ki masi, from far and wide, buy tickets as much as they can.
She said that through the collection of garbage from around Jowai, the JMB has informed the 14th Finance Commission that the JMB has failed to implement the Internal Road against the DC. office of Wahnangbah Road-Iawmusiang.
Shillong, Naitung 31: Two young MMA fighters from Team Revolution MMA, Shillong, have won the Bidang Fighting Championship Season 3 held at Ulubari, Nehru Stadium, Guwahati today. 30th Saturday.
One of the Ministers of the Meghalaya Government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who is also one of the leaders of the United Democratic Party, on Tuesday said that the party will complete the taking of nominations. of those who wish to contest for the post of Leader of the Lok Sabha.
Sources said that the meeting of the KSU and other civil society groups was to prepare for protest if the government does not listen to their demands.
“We must also remember our ancestors who fought to preserve the special recognition in the Constitution of India which we call the Sixth Schedule. 244(2) and 275(1), which empowers the District Council to enact laws to recognize these customs and traditions which have been taught by our ancestors. , added Pyniaid.
Shillong: Out of the 60 new cases of covid-19 in East Khasi Hills today, 31 cases have been confirmed.
Speaking to reporters after the foundation stone laying ceremony at Mihmyntdu, Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong said he had received information about the incident and the death of the doctor. PWD is not.
Jowai, Jymmang 03: The National People's Party (NPP) and Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that if the TMC considers the BJP and other national parties as foreigners to come to power in West Bengal, The TMC is a foreigner and the state has its own parties to govern itself so there is no need for the TMC in the state.
He said the NPP and BJP have misused illegal coal mining to come to power. “Is it possible to release coal within six months according to the law?” he asked.
On the other hand, Bah JA Lyngdoh said that the turning of these leaders from other parties to the Congress is because they see that in the party there are leaders who are strong especially like Bah Pynshai and Mr. Meba.
The health center was opened with the aim of improving the health and hygiene of girls and boys.
He said that KHNAM stands for the preservation of its own minority.
He also warned against those who take advantage in the name of the party to cause trouble or commit any acts and urged the people of the State especially those living in Shillong to open their doors. They should not close their shops and go to work, especially the Khasi paradoh parasnam, so that they can survive and escape starvation.
And finally we can say “From Rilang to Kupli everything is our country”.
In protest against the damage and deterioration of the National Highway-6, the residents of East Jaintia Hills District have staged a protest against the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI). sleeping in the middle of the road for 10 days along with the planting of rice and fishing in the small ponds of the road on Tuesday this month.
This includes EGH: 15 (Others), EJH: 06 (Others), EKH: 360 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –04, Others–356), RBD: 25 (Others), NGH: 15 (Others), SGH : 05 (Others), SWGH: 35 (Others), SWKH: 64 (Others), WGH: 56 (Others), WJH: 85 (Others) and WKH: 21 (Others) The number of cases in the state has risen to 38718 out of which 32471 have recovered and 664 have died.
The Longkmie and the elders, said that the reason why they opposed, is on the grounds that many of the people in these villages, have not received information about the proposal to introduce this project. project, but the Rangbah Shnong of Kyrdem from the old Rangbah Shnong and the new Rangbah Shnong, have issued the NOC without informing the residents.
Harsh Vardhan – Minister of Health and Family Welfare; Minister of Science and Technology; and Minister of Earth Sciences16.
Even if NOTA receives the most votes, the candidate who receives the most votes can be the winner.
It is only our opinion that I am referring to.
The Office of Mawphor Newspaper would like to take this opportunity to wish you all a Happy New Year. in the midst of many difficulties that we have to go through.
He said that any complaint regarding his past activities, Bah Nongrum should take to the court.
And therefore the children face difficulties to take CUET."The more you ask for excuses, the more you appear to be lying.
Mark 16:16.
Ratan led police to his house where they recovered 600 bottles of Elocydyl cough syrup (100 ml each), 10 bottles of flouring agent (500 ml each). , 11 bottles of colored food (1 kg each), 10 kg of Diphenhydramine Hydrochloride (Phensedyl mixture), 1 kg of Chlorpheniramine Maleate (another Phensedyl mixture), 7 bottles cleaning and pharmaceutical books, 34 bottles of Phynsedyl (100 ml each), 780 empty bottles of Phynsedyl of 100 ml, 46 boxes of finished Phensedyl, 1 box of bottle caps, one bottling machine, 2 other machines for the preparation and filtration of medicines and T 11,790/-.
New Delhi: Profits of five of India's most important industries fell by 2.1 percent in November, according to a report. The government said in a statement that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
Nongpoh: The District Administration of Ri Bhoi District together with officials from the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) today inspected the Clinker Dumping Site located at Umroi Nongrah and Lumdaitkhla Bhoirymbong villages. After receiving a complaint from two youths of these two villages, who expressed their strong opposition to the dumping of clinker in this area, which is also near the Umiam River.
Deepit played well in the first match by scoring twice against Sathiyan.
“This 10 month old child was admitted to the hospital and had a shortness of breath. On the 28th at night he came to bed due to shortness of breath.
Shillong, Lber 25: On the occasion of Good Friday, members of the Catholic Church in Pyndem Sub District, Umiong, today held a procession from St Thomas Parish Mairang to Mount Calvary. hi in the Village.
Arkijuh Dkhar, a resident of Khliehriat, is an intelligent young man who contributes to the country and the nation through articles that carry ideas to build the society. One of the articles he has posted is about Artificial Intelligent and this time he has published information on Artificial Intelligent. This is the article “To know the Khasi Khara children, who is the leader”” Before I start, I would like to share this article. The question to you is the Khasi leader.
The arrested were identified as Simsang K Marak (40) of Resubelpara, T Sangma (40) and Suresh Sangma (32) of Adogre.
Along with Pala, other policemen arrested on charges of theft are Sub-Inspector Sudarshan Sangma, Claipson M Marak and MPRO Basant Lama. .
In the first leg, Synergy beat Mawlai Phudmuri by 42 points to 40 points while in the men's category, Nongpdeng-B beat Mawlai Phudmuri by 54 points to 41 points.
The Minister said the government has taken measures to strengthen the work of the MPSC and to arrange the conduct of examinations and interviews. shisha is the examination site.
“He said that another reason why he came forward is for the benefit of the people of North Shillong Constituency and also for the state as a whole.
KHLIEHRIAT: The Seiñ Kur Dkhar Jaintia Hills-Wapung Circle has honored the students who have passed in various grades and the leaders of the Kur Dkhar at the awarding ceremony held at Wapung on 30th November.
Village Secretary L.Diengdoh, Wanseng Jyrwa, UDP members and others were present at the meeting.
These include EGH: 6, EJH: 3, EKH: 87, NGH: 1, RBD: 3, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 3, WGH: 7, WJH: 9 and WKH:
The new Executive Committee of KHADC has been formed by the NPP and Congress MDCs after the collapse of the Executive Committee led by former CEM, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne.
“If Dr. Mukul Sangma and Charles Pyngrope want my opinion, we can sit down with them and we will advise them to join the BJP before the elections,” he said. .
The death was caused by acute respiratory distress syndrome.
Shillong, Nailur 21 : The State Government has already paid Rs 141 crore to 805 land owners affected by the construction of gas pipes across the state under the North East Gas Grid (NEGG) Pipeline Project.
There were 12 Rots brought by various groups from Jowai, Ummulong and Shillong as well as from Tylli Lang, Ladthadlaboh.
The top two teams from each team will qualify for the semi finals.
He said that once Patowary arrives in Guwahati, a date will be arranged to visit the border areas of Langpih and after that a report will be prepared which will be submitted in April to both. three State Governments.
Rio de Janeiro, July 30: After four countries reached the quarter finals of the World Cup, France have reached the quarter finals after beating Nigeria 2-0.
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of the competitions organized by the Deputy Commissioner, Shillong in preparation for the National Voters Day. , and the judgment.
Naik also urged all the people not to waste their votes but to exercise their right to elect a leader of their own free will.
Bindo said that besides refusing to give him a ticket, they have kept him away from the CEC meeting they held recently and did not inform him, although he was still feeling. He said that he is still a member of the UDP but the tickets have not been informed and the meeting has not been informed.
These 35 candidates have been confirmed as such candidates after completing the examination of their documents, which has found that all of them are qualified and eligible to contest from the elections. this is the 2023 election.
When asked how confident he is to win again this time, Martle said that he understands that the people love him because they see his ability to carry the victory. The lyngkor shall be sent back to the Assembly.
According to sources, the man identified as Ranta Nath died at around 9:30 pm last night.
On the other hand, the President of KSU Lapangngap Unit, Bah Augustan Timung, said that until now, there has been no slasha farm as they have done. The Government of Assam has a plan to build a university.
The child fell into the water and three friends who went to the sum tried to help her, but they also drowned.
Referring to the character of Conrad K Sangma as the Prime Minister, Lapang praised him as a man who has the character to be a leader.
Therefore, this time the club leaders expect that the government authorities in charge of such cases will take action to avoid the loss of precious lives.
“For my part, I have set a goal to find ways and means to get a strong law to protect the nation, as well as for the poor to get various schemes and also for the people to I know that there are many schemes, one of my goals is to improve education in the district to bring government colleges and other types of institutes in the district to be a way to promote development. “It's a par, it's a court,” said Soni Bareh.
“It is unfortunate that Meghalaya has come ahead of Uttar Pradesh in terms of violence against women,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
According to a letter sent by the party to the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titostarwell Chyne, the party demanded the resignation of the Acting Chief of Mylliem Hima, Ainam Manik Syiem. , to the Syiem of Raid Marwet, Ken Syiem and at the same time to remove the word “Nongpynïaid Shnong” from the Mylliem Act
A hearing on the tobacco case is scheduled for June 16, 2023.
The sale of arms and ammunition is still small and not yet very large, but it is part of Taiwan's security and that Taiwan can prepare itself if anyone attacks. outside forces are going to show force or attack it at an unknown time.
With another three points, Mumbai Knights have won for the third time in 10 games.
The sudden death of the runner is unexplained and will be announced later after a medical examination.
The match was very close and the referee had to make a tie breaker and Umsyiem FC won against War United FC 4-2 goals.
There are those who don't even know how to speak but they are elected as MLA/MDC/MP. .
In the second half, Lajong, who had won 10 goals, managed to beat Nangkiew Irat by scoring another 10 goals through Samchaphrang Lato in the 69th minute.
The Minister said that exploration for oil and natural gas will soon start in Meghalaya and other states in the North East.
During the raid, it was found that there were three foreigners who did not have proper documents and were illegally staying in Amlarem Village and the Seng expelled them from the area.
He gave the example of the Mawhati road where the previous governments have not been able to fulfill the aspirations of the people, but it is this government that has taken the step to improve this important road in the region. Mawhati and the state as a whole have been neglected for many years.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that although the media has already predicted that the NDA will come back to power, the important thing is to wait until the 23rd. that vote.
On the 31st, Pashum will play against Darrang at 12 pm, Shnongpdeng will play against Man I Bha Shkentalang at 1.30 pm and Bright Boys Umkor will play against Nongtyngur at 2.45 pm.
The Sordar of the Shnong, said that almost all the houses covered with tin have been destroyed by the cold weather, which is estimated to be 2 or 2 inches thick. half spirit.
The Pastor expressed his satisfaction with the decision of the Supreme Court, on 27th June 2017, which ordered an inquiry into the killings of people in the areas where the Act is implemented. He said that even the United Nations and other commissions want the immediate lifting of martial law in the country.
“Therefore, now we will move forward with this 6 percent salary increase is the right they deserve,” said the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh. contacting employees 108.
He said that Mukul Sangma has won three elections from the constituency reserved for the Scheduled Tribes.
He said that in 2023, the KHADC has gone to inspect in the presence of the MDC of Mawkyrwat but the owner of the land has not come out. He said that the land owner was a close friend of the President of the VPP and alleged that the land owner was the one who came out to contest the MDC election from the HSPDP in Mawkyrwat when Bah Ardent was still with the HSPDP. The BJP Government's introduction of the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) which has affected students to enter higher education institutions will be abolished by the Congress.
The Seng also informs the Syiem of Raid Narleiñ within a month to complete this work and if the Syiem and his Longsan Mansan, cannot complete this work which has affected the income. and for the welfare of the residents, the party will not hesitate to lodge a complaint with the law enforcement authorities, he concluded.
He said that NEIAH on October 30, 2017 signed a memorandum of understanding with NPCC to build a guest house, UG hostel for men and women and a doctor's accommodation at a price of T .56.03 crores.
Jowai: Psiar UP School, Psiar Village, Block I, West Jaintia Hills, today celebrated its Silver Jubilee. you have to leave as a guest for unavoidable reasons.
“So far, five vehicles have been burnt down, four persons have been arrested by the police including one suspect involved in the shooting of three passengers of the bus,” said the SP. The vehicle belonged to a non-Khasi married to a Khasi, who was burnt down in Caroline, Laitumkhrah.
In the final match, the match between Dulong and FAM ended in a 1-1 draw.
History testifies that he did not lose his temper.
I'm not sorry.
Thapa said the government can choose which areas need to set up health centers and NEIGRIHMS is ready to set up health centers in those areas.
Meghalaya since the completion of the Shillong By-pass and the 4-lane road has brought great benefits to the people in all aspects, as it is also a pride for the people that they have been able to walk in the path that is right when you complain about the past.
The family members of the deceased have requested the Magistrate to release the post mortem after they have completed the post mortem. The body of the deceased was handed over to the family.
On the other hand, the state government has opposed the verdict and said that there is nothing wrong with the order issued by the Magistrate.
“The implementation of the UCC Act will ensure equal rights between men and women and equal rights between Muslim women,” said Himanta Biswa Sharma.
The Arunachal Pradesh Police on Tuesday announced that they have arrested 10 persons involved in disturbing the peace and damage to the property. property in public places during the curfew hours that ended last Sunday morning.
According to the leaders of the JAC, including the Vice President Stelin Thongni, Asstn.
Why is it called the Shad Rah Kynthei? The Raid Nongtung leader said that the parents of the households who are close to each other and who are willing to marry their children to another household. They lead the children after the dressing of the boys or girls until the end of the dance and in this dance they lead the children to introduce themselves while the husband is dancing. “Any slave girl who agrees to have sex with any man who has been introduced to these couples has been involved and has reached the point of marriage,” he added.
Thess 2:4 / Daniel 12:11.
Jowai: Police of the West Jaintia Hills Infiltration Cell today raided the Woodland Hospital in Soo-Mer, Jowai to conduct a search operation against foreign workers who came to work at Woodland Hospital. West Jaintia Hills District.
Initially, he said that the Committee has taken information on all the land under dispute before handing it over to the State Government.
This causes discomfort in the body and can also cause serious harm if not treated properly.
They also explained that the cows from the market have been examined by the veterinary doctors from the Veterinary Department. They also explained that the cows from the market should be fed properly. They said that they have no information on the allegation that the market has been smuggled abroad.
The group wants to use religion to work to curb tax evasion, to give names to strong taxpayers by their names on the streets, in houses and so on. on trains and to give them more special privileges, when traveling by air, on roads, at toll booths and much more.
They planted it from the trees that had been planted in the fields.
She said that there is still a shortage of 150 specialists in the state, which the department is very concerned about.
Shillong: Three persons from Umsyiem (Dawki-Pynursla) have been arrested at 8:30 am this morning.
The Government should pass a Job Security Bill as the unemployment rate among the educated youth is very high in the country.
KHNAM believes that the public hearing on 21st November 2020 is an attempt to use force to suppress the feelings of the people, said a statement from Thomas Passah, Vice President, KHNAM State. Youth Wing.
Even parents find it difficult to give character certificates to their children because in front of them, they act like stupid people while inside they are like dangerous in heart. ).
The Garo people have their own language and way of life that deserve a state like the Gujaratis who speak Gujarat and we deserve a state from Maharashtra,” said the GSMC. in the petition.
“If we work together, everything will be fine.
However, what I have to say is that last term, the UDP was rejected by the voters and as a result, they were able to win only 6 out of 60 seats.
Jowai: The Union of Waheh Chnongs of Jowai, has decided not to allow the residents of six villages, the KSU War Jaintia and the Union of Waheh Chnongs of Jowai.
However, the most intense is the protest against the removal of MLAs from other political parties especially the ruling parties in the NPP-led MDA government in the state except the Congress. The opposition party has suffered a terrible disaster in which all its MLAs have fled.
S.A.KurbahThe history of time tells us that as the days go by, the population of the world has increased.
During the search, the police found that many of the vehicles did not have the HSRP number plate, but many of the vehicles had the number plate written on the number plate.
He said that the MLA scheme alone has not yet met the demands and needs of the farmers who have been severely affected by the floods which have caused a lot of damage in the district.
In Table Tennis: Prithvi Dey won the bronze medal after winning third place, while in Taekwondo, Mahi Karki won the bronze medal after winning third place. 48 kg....
Speaking to reporters by phone, Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne said that the office will be reopened on the 5th of this month. January 2021 in compliance with the strict rules and regulations and since the closure of the office, there has been a lot of rest and there have been no people or vehicles in the grounds of the office.
It has launched 1,500 satellites and has internet access in dozens of countries.
Bah Sniawbhalang and Bah Prestone were lucky enough to have more votes than those who came second.
The chief guest on the occasion will be Bah Pius Marweiñ, Chief Executive Member of Ranikor Constituency.
After the hearing, the District and Session Judge of West Garo Hills, Tura found that the accused, Nenggrik D Sangma, was involved in the robbery and remanded him in custody. Section 368/376 (i) IPC. The Court sentenced the accused to four years imprisonment and a fine of T.20,000 thousand under Section 368 IPC and nine years imprisonment and fine. If he fails to pay the fine, he will have to continue his imprisonment for another three months.
“The government and the police department should not force us into the pit, when the end of the road comes we will not hesitate to turn around and use force for other times,” he said.
In another match, West Jaintia Hills DCA beat East Khasi Hills Cricket Association by 77 runs by an inning in Zone 1 at Umbuda, Ri-Bhoi.
At this meeting, the army promised that there will be no more such incidents.
The seized items were handed over to the Custom Preventive Force Champhai for further investigation.
In this regard, the 19-year-old England international is one of the best players in the world.
After the counting of votes, a counting of votes was held on the same day at the Khliehtyrshi Dorbar Hall in Mookynniang.
This has shocked the people until they are afraid to walk because of the large number of soldiers as if it were a battlefield.
The fire of nature is crying but the children of men are ignoring its cry.
Shillong, November 5: The mid-term MDC elections for the sixth term in KHADC and one in JHADC will be held on the 13th of this month. -tensity.
Speaking to reporters, Latyngshaiñ said that as one of the residents of Pynursla constituency, she is very sorry for the criticism of the MLA of that constituency.
The meeting decided that from now on the movement of people and vehicles to both the states has been opened and the Dorbar Shnong Khanduli will ensure the safety of the Karbi who come to Khanduli and other Pnar villages while The SABDC will also ensure the safety of the Pnars who go to Assam.
South African President Jacob Zuma has resigned on Tuesday after a power struggle with his government, the African National Congress (ANC).
Drawing and painting competitions, shut brain competitions and photography competitions on water conservation were also held on the occasion.
In another incident, BSF arrested a Bangladeshi smuggler who was trying to smuggle into India in Dawki area.
Furthermore, he in his speech also set the theme, “The Unchanging Word of God, in a Changing World”, which he based on Deuteronomy chapter 4 and verse 1 and 2, which say, “Therefore hear, O Israel, the statutes and judgments which I teach you, that you may do them, and live; and thou shalt inherit the land which the LORD God of thy fathers giveth thee.
Raising the issue during Question Hour, the Nongpoh MLA said that there have been 2821 cases of theft in the last three and a half years of which only 84 cases have been completed. the judgment.
Purno's action is also a great encouragement to Bah PN Syiem CEM KHADC, who has been alone for a long time, including his two MPs, Vincent Pala, Wansuk. King; they are not willing to share a single word.
Agatha K Sangma, MP, promised to consider and talk to the Government of India on i) the amendment of Articles 338 & 338A and ii) to seek information from the Government of India and to consider many petitions from by the Federation of Khasi States on the Instrument of Accession.
Therefore, the Waheh Shnongs of these villages through a message sent by DS War Waheh Shnong Namdong-B congratulated the Maharaj. , Ma Manbha Lyngdoh and others who attended this day for their compassion to the people of the area.
Nongpoh: A Khasi youth identified as Teilang Ryndong (26) from Quinine village, who went to stay at the house of his relatives in Jorhat, has disappeared suddenly on the 21st of this month. from the house and said they didn't know where he was.
This means that if there are 86% of the voters in Meghalaya, they should get 86% of the representation in government jobs.
He also accused the MDA government led by the NPP of causing differences among the residents of the state which has raised the voice of the people in the trade of inheritance and thousands of people have died of starvation after the emergence of those groups. Level and Low Level and this is unacceptable in public administration and society.
As part of addressing the employment challenges, the Jharkhand government is preparing to launch a portal for the registration of job seekers in their companies. riewshime.
The group leader said that the salary of adhoc teachers is very low to meet the needs of their families and many of them cannot afford to send their children. to higher studies.
What if people ask me now, “Have you ever worked for any Sengbhalang in the State?”.
He said that the year 2014 was the year when the state was worst affected by the disease in which 96 residents lost their lives and more than 51,0 residents who have caught the disease.
They include Da-e-kynsai Miter Pyrngap who came in fourth place, Arsamanki Thma in sixth place and Embhahlang Thubru in 15th place.
He said that his call is to discuss the welfare of the people and it is the most important goal for them to discuss together.
The chiefs forcefully instill in the poor the religion, customs, customs and colors not only of the shynrong but also of the brain within the shynrong.
The Government of India has launched the PRASAD scheme for the year 2014-2015 under the Ministry of Tourism.
Shillong, March 5: After the death of Bah Hoping Stone Lyngdoh, President Rangbah of the HSPDP who is also the MLA of Nongstoin, the mid-term elections will be held in the next few months. Nongstoiñ Constituency for the election of another MLA following the death of Bah Hoping.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: Six months ago, the KHNAM Youth Wing's KHNAM Youth Wing has visited Khlieh Iewduh to collect water from two water tanks, one is the Municipal water tank and the other is the Municipal water tank. The PHE has gone to collect the water to test whether it is safe to drink or whether it is like the water from Mawphlang which was collected from Saw mer shiteng.
This was stated by Bah Forwardman Nongrem, President of KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
In the midst of the widespread destruction of trees, there are some species of trees that are strong and as soon as they are released they revive and grow quickly.
Shillong, July 27: Nineteen women from Ri Bhoi district will compete for the title of Mrs Ri-Bhoi tomorrow organized by the Women Organization of Ri Bhoi. The WORD will be held at the Umsning Football Ground, National Highway.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that the MDA government has neglected the border issue of the state which is in fact an important issue. eh of the state because it clearly shows our ownership of the land.
This competition is an opportunity for those who like to drive faster and showcase their driving skills in many ways. to drive on highways which cause injury to passengers.
“If you look at Jammu and Kashmir, the formation of a coalition government between the BJP and the PDP takes up to two months to prepare the CMP. CMP and it is after they have completed the implementation that they will decide to cooperate unlike here in our country where they cooperate first and when it has been almost six months since they formed the government they remember the CMP,” said Bah Adelbert.
In the evening, when Panah came, he immediately called out, “Rida, where are you?
The step to start this chess tournament is as part of the opportunity for people who want to learn to play chess to practice with each other and also there will be FRIENDLY CHESS TORNAMENTS. Chess players are welcome to attend the Shillong Chess Meet and those who wish to learn this game can visit Phan Nonglait Park every Sunday.
Nongpoh: Up to 325 students who have completed the Sixth Semester or Graduation in Arts and Commerce at Ri Bhoi College, today, were honored by the management of the college.
Kharshiing said she has written to the police chief to submit a report within 48 hours and to submit a CCTV video of Victoria's death.
At the same time, he asked why there would be any opposition if the students were given the opportunity to study in the indigenous languages ​​– stressing on the potential of this policy to bring about change in education.
Lucy Lakiang, District Agriculture Officer, East Jaintia Hills District, spoke on the need to protect and preserve the environment and rivers as they are the source of human life.
Condolences for those who have lost loved ones.
“Dr Mukul's speech is a speech of anger, because of the loss,” said the President of the BJP Meghalaya.
The spectators who witnessed the match, saw the skill of both the teams to play in the middle of the field and often had the opportunity to score.
Shillong: Justice Mohammad Yaqoob Mir today took oath as the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court.
“In the past few months and years, we have seen many projects, which have been suspended, but the work has resumed,” he said.
This video is available through the Youtube Channel entitled “Banker Kharkongor U Dios.
FlyBig has sent a Bombardier Dash 8 Q400 aircraft to carry passengers from SpiceJet.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that through this project, Meghalaya has set a target to build up to 75 water tanks in each district of the state.
There is a big difference between what you earn and what you earn,” said Rep.
The meeting was attended by the market dwellers, Ministers, EM Bah Latiplang Kharkongor.
Shillong: U MLA of North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, today raised the issue of Khyndailad, as a place for prostitution, where he said that on the 10th of October When he raised this question, many laughed and what upset him was the government's refusal to promote the private sector in the country.
However, with this announcement, the District Council Building Act has died.
He said that in fact, the Meghalaya government should have relocated the Forest Outpost of Assam at Mukroh village, as that area is still under Meghalaya.
This year 2020, is a year to remember because we don't have the opportunity to go to church, according to the situation we are facing now.
History shows that the Hynniewtrep came to the Khasi & Jaintia Hills about 400 years before the Ahom (800 – 1000 AD). They are still covered with water especially during the Lyiur which is later known as “Xo – dya.
Today, odd numbers or 1,3,57 & 9 will be allowed and tomorrow even numbers will be allowed and this will continue until Saturday. go to even number.
Earlier, Chief Minister Mukul Sangma said the government intends to increase the price by 89 per cent.
She praised the efforts of the CRC-Shillong in providing quality services to people with disabilities.
She obtained 570 marks in total and also obtained distinction in English, Mathematics, Science, Social Science, Health Education and Alternative English.
The parts that were destroyed by the fire were the wooden houses, which were the oldest and most of the school building.
The child was found by the people and is now under the care of the District Child Protection Unit and Child Welfare Committee, West Jaintia Hills.
KHLIEHRIAT: The Minister of Revenue, Kyrmen Shylla has urged the students to avoid drugs and other bad habits so that they can succeed in their education.
The incident happened in the morning, when a group of about 5 or 6 people, who came in a vehicle and when they reached the market, they attacked. They went straight to the shops where foreigners were shopkeepers, shot them and bombed them with knives.
On the other hand, the Governor of Meghalaya, RN Ravi, congratulated all the party leaders who have expressed their concerns about the problems faced by the state and the people.
The incident happened at 6:30 pm this evening, when the house of Kong Probina Lyngdoh Kynshi and Bah Nestorlan Thongni, collapsed. A fire broke out suddenly in a room inside the house and intended to destroy the entire house.
Nongrim Hills won 2-1 goals by the end of the match.
:A house in Mawpat under Dong Mot Circle 1 has caught fire this morning at 8 pm.
Hopefully the police will arrest them,” said Bah Kharlyngdoh.
Therefore, we can say that drugs are a “Silent War” that can destroy and destroy any nation.
It was during World War II that he was deported to the United States and became one of NASA's astronauts.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 10: The HITO Ri-Bhoi District under the leadership of Bah Ban Kharnaior President today visited Byrnihat area following the news of the illness of the students of Don Bosco Higher Secondary School. The tdem is not produced by the factory in this area.
God also speaks through the Holy Spirit.
After the expiry of the deadline for the company to work, it left and took away all the equipment that was still available for use.
In Khliehriat, 13 parade groups including police and school children took part in the parade at the Khliehriat Secondary School ground.
The road from Sacred Heart Secondary School, Lumparing to Dongsiej, Lower Lumparing will be known as Sacred Heart Road. Harrison Bridge to Last Stop up to Oxford Taxi Stand (known as 'Daplin Star Mawlong Road'
Km from Jowai Sub – Division.
Shillong, Naitung 21: U Deny Jyrwa of War-War village has broken into the house of a 45-year-old woman and threatened her with various items. and he went into his own house, where he had committed adultery with her.
The Seng has sent this complaint after the suppliers who are the villagers alleged that the Election Commission has given the job of supplying food items only to one person from Shillong. supply food and drink to the organizers of the upcoming elections in Ri-Bhoi District.
She said that at first the Lamphang refused, but later in the second part of the dorbar on the same day he announced that he had received a notice demanding that he should be removed. I'm going to the council.
The 12 members of the KSU Sawmer Unit have been handed over to the Jhalupara Police Station. to where they came from.
When he heard that they had all gone up, he too went up to drink.
Soon we will have MDC and MP elections and other mid-term elections.
Similarly, in North Garo Hills and East Garo Hills, three MLAs have been elected.
These days we see that even among the Khasi-Pnar brothers and sisters, there is no consensus on this issue.
The Government of India has set a date for the reopening of places of worship on the 20th of November and we hope that from now on, it will no longer be the power of man, but the power of God. he shall separate the sickness from the service of God, that it may not be a stumblingblock in the days to come.
“Let the candles we have lit not only be a sign but let them shine in the hearts and souls of each and every one of us, so that from the legislators, parents , religious leaders should take it as their responsibility to ensure the safety of all children in Meghalaya.
However, he said the BJP has nominated candidates from all 60 constituencies and the party is confident that it will win to come to power in Meghalaya.
He said that every election talks about development but when elections are won it is the MLAs and leaders who grow and grow while the people grow and develop.
KHNAM has supported the decision of the CEM to demand the implementation of the Village Administration Bill.
Other members of the CEC include Secretary Daniel Syiem, Mandor Swer, Pynskhem Kharjahrin and Yoohunki Shylla Joint Secretary, Romingstar Lamare, Hercules Suting Organizing Secretary, Chestarwell Kharbani, Shembokstar Langrin, Shanborlang Marwein and Robinson Nongrum Sohshang and Banpynbiang Wriang – Assistant Education Secretary, Joplang Kharnaior Socio-cultural Secretary, Purningstar Shabong and Wellman Kharlyngiong Assistant Socio-cultural Secretary, Mewathi Suchiang Environment Secretary, Wanteibok Lyngdoh and Arbok Kharjahrin Wellangstar Warlarpih Assistant Publicity Secretary, Franky Kharumnuid Sports Secretary, Counterbok Thangkhiew and Arki Lamare Sport Secretary.
“As a church, we encourage young people to take part in this work if they feel they have a calling because we need to have those who are qualified to take on this responsibility.
Jowai, 2 Naiwieng:A 13-year-old boy from Mookyrdup, Jowai, has raped an 8-year-old girl, while in another incident, another 7-year-old girl has escaped. you are the same child.
She said that if the Government feels that it should release the tax, it should release the money back to the people who are the owners of the money which they have already paid to the tax. When they buy petrol, they should not give it to the owners of these petrol pumps.
Recently, the Deputy Commissioner, Chief Minister of East Khasi Hills District has been accused of rudeness, but this is not the first time that a female head of government has been accused of this. The Head of Government in the State has been treated badly, but this is not the time to clean up the mess.
This came after Belinda Bencic won the final once again, until she managed to win 7-6 (6), 6-4 and it was also the third victory award of her career.
The HNYF today gave time to Phatimai Kharbhih to apologize to all the victims within a day and if she continues to do so, the HNYF will not be able to walk on the road. of the law.
“We have talked to the AICC leaders and we have decided to sit in the opposition in GHADC,” said Bah Lapang.
At the same time, he urged the elders of the village to be like the trees and the women to be like the golden crowns of the nation.
The 52-year-old man, who may belong to the Bodo/Kachari ethnic group, is the tallest man and is 5.6 feet tall.
The age should have grown in the rynieng-ryniot, but it has ended because of the urgency of the marriage.
LP School was established by the Government of Meghalaya in
“There has also been an attempt by the leaders of the area to divide the people in the name of religion,” Christians in the area told the International Christian Concern (ICC).
There is very little use of school buses, but in the North East, our government's shared bus for urban commuters is one of the first.
At the same time, Dr Mukul announced that a new block will be set up at Umroi to ensure that the work of the government will be closer to the people.
Mumbai: Protests over the demand for special allocation for the Maratha community in Maharashtra have broken out on Monday after protesters rushed to the residences of political leaders. sima and public leaders.
The office bearers of the Sein Kur Dkhar Narpuh include Tariang Dkhar, Vice President, Daniel Dkhar, Assistant General Secretary L Dkhar, Treasurer Election Dkhar and 15 other members.
Amit Shah's speech is only a speech aimed at promoting the knowledge of Hindi in India and in fact we are not against that either," he said. We cannot accept the removal of the Mother Tongue as the First Language and this is against the National Education Policy (NEP).
The devil said – All these things will I give thee, if thou wilt fall down and worship me.
According to the complaint to the DC, these trees have been planted for 10 months now in the border area with Tahpat village with the assistance of 2,000 trees through the scheme of the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority. Jowai, but these trees were destroyed on the 12th of this month by the people of Karbi in collaboration with the Assam Police.
“I have taken this decision to return to politics after receiving requests from various political parties as well as from my supporters.
At the same time, Bah Rani expressed his regret over the mismanagement of the employees of the DGP's office, because when he submitted an application for RTI, the employees did not accept it. However, the rules of the RTI Act 2005 stipulate that applications can be received even at the Reception and sent to the Public Information Officer (PIO).
Besides, the Minister said that the State has witnessed 15 lakh tourists last year and the Government expects this to increase this year through various festivals. -diverse.
The Magistrate on the same day arrested another coal miner, Wansha Syngkon, while he was mining coal from a park owned by Pras Bareh at Deinchynrum Rymbai Road. (EJH), which is against the order of NGT. On the 24th at 8:30 pm, Bah JM Kharbudon, EAC, Khliehriat, arrested four coal miners while they were mining coal from a They were identified as Md. Nashafa Ahmed Ali, Md. Ainul Hoque and Md. Nazimm Uddin.
On the other hand, the CEM said that the KHADC has allocated up to 50 lakh tyngka to provide to anyone who can research and collect detailed information about the Khasi people and the way of life of the Khasi people. they.
The KSU has also inspected the office of the District Transport Officer after receiving a complaint from the public and found that it is true as told to the public.
“We have never experienced any case where members have thrown stones or marched to the Ïingdorbar pond with placards except for the members walking outside when they don't have any issues,” he added.
We hope that the KHADC and other government departments will take action against this environmental hazard.
The thyroid glands need iodine to produce thyroid hormones and eating these seafood can help improve the functioning of the thyroid.
The incident took place at Chidagre village near Babadam, under Rongram Police Station, West Garo Hills.
On the other hand, the Committee also approved the decision of the Panel Discussion.
The District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills has lifted the micro containment order in Moobakhon village.
It is learned that the problem is due to the high water level in Wahbah (Wah Um rew) and the landslide and the collapse of trees in many of these areas.
The Upper Shillong Sports Social Association (USSSCA) will start the Under-15 Football Tournament on Saturday (18th) at Nongumlong Football Stadium at 1 pm.
The MBoSE should think again by putting confidence in the school authorities,” said the teachers.
Speaking to media, Sangma said, “From the very beginning, the village authorities have been given full authority to take any decision regarding the reopening of tourism. Whether it is Sohra, Jaintia or Ribhoi, if they don't want tourists to come to their area, they can still close it.
He said that the villagers have demanded that the contractor should improve and rebuild the road.
New Delhi: Union Finance Minister Niramla Sitharaman today announced several measures taken by the Government following the outbreak of COVID-1 different rules in different fields.
Ummulong Sports Club beat Evergreen Sports Club Mukhla Mission by 82 runs in the Open to All Cricket Tournament organized by the West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WJHDCA) on Tuesday.
On this occasion, the DC said that the District authorities have already taken all the necessary measures to ensure that the maintenance of this road will not cause any disruption to the traffic and parking of vehicles. the public.
For example, every month Sitting Judges and Judicial Officers have to travel to Bhopal to participate in the activities of the National Judicial Academy and the meetings are held every Saturday and Sunday. "The Division Bench of Chief Justice S. Vaidyanathan and Justice W. Diengdoh said.
Tomorrow the 28th will be played between Lumpariat and Khliehïongriang at 3 pm.
His regular monthly salary has become a symbol of hope for this family.
Nongstoin on 22nd November, Nongpoh on 22nd November, Jowai on 23rd November, Khliehriat on 25th November, and two days on 26th and 27th November in Shillong at SAI, NEHU. The program includes Williamnagar, Resubelpara and Mairang.
Recalling the love of God, Sohblei Norbert said, “I am only a poor and suffering child but the great love of God sent the French Fathers to come to the village. and to take responsibility for educating me along with sending me to school until I became a High Priest of the Catholic Church and the miracles of the Lord are happening to this day and not only in his life but in everyone’s life.
He said that the village authorities and the villagers should help those who came from Manipur to rebuild their lives through support.
Former Mawlai MLA and MDC Embhahlang B Syiemlieh has slammed the new party, the Voice of the People's Party (VPP), saying it is a party that has changed its voice.
Rupang today spoke to the Sordar of Smit, Bah Kynsai M Syiem to ask whether the Smit will provide a place to hold the meeting. “I don't know if I have received a letter from any group, but if they want, I will accept it, but it is up to the Executive Committee of the Dorbar how to decide,” said Bah Kynsai M Syiem Sordar of Smit. .
In this age, it seems that we have become afraid to speak Khasi para Khasi.
It is clear that a nation is not more precious than wealth.
The Seng also clarified that these youths were not arrested, as alleged by the police that they were arrested while they were swait near the Weight Bridge but they were arrested from the shop while they were drinking. .
Pyngrope said that as the school is famous in sports, it has prompted the Government of India to provide the Khelo India scheme through Boxing especially as the school is famous in football.
Many of them have expressed their disappointment over the situation and the emergence of problems within this political party which is very old in Meghalaya and which has been in power for many years.
The JNC also urges the state government to take action to talk to the Indian government on the violence of the Assam government against the Khasi and Jaintia villages which have been in Assam since before the independence of India. , and to demand from the Government of India to provide special protection for the right to land ownership and to preserve the customs and traditions of the Khasi and Pnars living in Assam.
The funeral service will be held on 10.05.2022 at 1 pm at the Thadlaboh Presbyterian Church.
The DHS (MI) has also warned that the Controlling Officer/DDO of these departments who fail to provide timely information will have to take responsibility if the salary release is delayed.
At present, the new Union Government in Meghalaya will include 26 NPP MLAs, 2 BJP MLAs, 2 HSPDP MLAs and 2 independent MLAs.
Shillong: The State Government today estimated that it has spent about Rs 200 crore in the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic in the state.
Shillong: On the evening of 7th October 2020, a policeman has shot dead a policeman from the Meghalaya MDA coalition government. railing to steal the mobile phone of an EastMojo journalist at Umsohsun Road.
Following the conviction, the court sentenced Ali to 20 years imprisonment and a fine of Rs 20,0
224 in East Khasi Hills, 20 in Ri Bhoi, 2 in East Jaintia Hills, 9 in West Garo Hills, 1 in East Garo Hills and 1 in North Garo Hills.
Also present were Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, MDC Nongthymmai Constituency as the Chief Guest, Bah Jemino Mawthoh, Ex-MLA and other invitees.
According to him, construction of a resort besides different kinds of tourism based activities will be taken up.
This can also cause injuries especially to the elderly and children especially during the rainy season.
Superintendent of Police (City) Vivek Syiem confirmed that the father has been arrested and taken to Shillong Civil Hospital for post mortem. Medical Checkup.
During the meeting, the union said that the increase in the number of cases of Covid-19 in the state is about 3 per cent due to the soldiers and those working in the above mentioned army base. ,Therefore, the dumping of these garbage will put a threat to the residents of Mawlai village, because after the dumping of garbage there are people there who work to select and collect the materials. It is to run a market in the sale of scrap, as these farmers are residents of different parts of Mawlai; Therefore, the union has urged the Minister to stop all the garbage trucks coming from the BSF camps to dump garbage at Marten.
Shillong, June 11: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday said that instead of forcing the Khasi community to read and write Hindi in the state, the Government of India should have expedited the inclusion of Hindi. the Khasi language in Article 5 of the Constitution of India.
This was discovered by police officers on patrol at the Presidio checkpoint on the 20th of November.
Shillong, June 21: U Bah Joe Marwein, one of the senior leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP), on Tuesday criticized the statement issued by the BJP Meghalaya Unit, which promised to lodge a complaint against the people who criticized the party. Social media platforms like Facebook, WhatsApp and others.
“We have taken 25 cow farmers to Siliguri and 17 to Gujarat and these cow farmers have been recruited only by those who have been in the cow farming industry for a long time and who have devoted a lot of time to this business,” he said. Sahkhar added that the selection of cow farmers is from all over the state who have been involved in this field.
Lyngdoh Marshilong, one of the elders of Seiñduli area, said that every year there are fires around the villages due to the fire. the homes of the villagers who were destroyed by the flames from the open arson of the usurpers.
Bah B Paliar, Vice Chairman of Riangdo Village, congratulated the HYC, which he has seen many things they have done for the Jaitbynriew.
The same incident has happened in Narpuh area, where due to heavy rainfall, rocks and trees have fallen and blocked the road. Lumshnong Police Station and NHAI staff are doing their utmost to provide convenience to the passengers.
It is estimated that the man was between 30 and 40 years old and about 5.5 feet tall.
It is said that these are the ones who came from outside.
Kitboklang Nongtdu (UDP) candidate from Jowai Central will contest for the second time.
The school was established in 1964 and will soon turn 50 years old.
I don't know why, but I'm sure you'll like it.
He said that even if he wins, he will stay in the constituency every day to meet the people, not outside.
Once again, I would like to point out that these backlog reserved vacancies and this recruitment cycle are not part of the Reservation Policy, but they have been introduced through this O.M.dated
The HPC has also decided to temporarily suspend the work of the assembly until the investigation is completed and has decided not to allow the cleaning of the building materials on the ground until the investigation is completed. .
The residents alleged that the cause of the rainfall may be due to the construction of a Powerline Tower on a hill where there is also an NHPC dam at the lower part.
Also present on the occasion were RM Shabong, Editor of Rupang, Kular Khongjirem, Belbora Wankhar, Jied Kurbah, D. Rangad and other members of the Rupang committee.
Tomorrow, June 26, 2021, the moon will be closest to the Earth and thus, it will appear to the Earth, either as a full moon or as a full moon, which is an unusual event. nothing else happened in 2021.
The 12 day training program from 23rd to 7th July 2022, will train 100 volunteers from the villages who will be divided into various parts of the programme.
That is why I believe that our War and Bhoi areas should be suitable for this soh.
“The party has decided to go for talks and the government should agree to review the Reservation Policy otherwise I will not leave this place, I will continue my strike,” he said.
This message is a lesson for all to understand that God's will has nothing to do with man's will.
When employment opportunities are scarce, employment opportunities for the people and especially for the youth are very few or very low and this is why unemployment is increasing in the poor state. unemployment increases in a weak economy scenario.
The Lord was with Joseph.
We also urge the Assam-Meghalaya Government to take action to track down these insurgents and eliminate them so that peace can return,” said the Forum.
Speaking on the occasion, u Comingone Ymbon encouraged the farmers of the area to make good use of the financial assistance they have received through the government, so that they can improve their agriculture. light.
Benny, a defender from Pynursla, Meghalaya, was delighted to be invited to the tournament to select the country's players.
He was exactly the kind of scientist who used to use these words Why? How and in what manner teachers speak, stand, walk and the way they teach.
In fact, there was a campaign that Rahul will come to Shillong on the 4th of June to campaign for the party candidate, Bah Vincent H Pala, and he was also scheduled to meet with the party office bearers. at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
Many have begun to realize that even the “Pyrta ieit Ri, ieit Ri” without understanding what it means is not enough.
These figures show that there are medicines to cure even if we don't have medicines to protect us.
The closure of the company as decided by the Rangbah Shnongs of SRS-LMRA and others is due to the fact that the company has dumped waste into the water well of the residents of Umsning area and the residents. According to the test conducted by the King Edward VII Pasture Memorial and Research Institute, the water has turned bih and is no longer suitable for drinking and eating.
Gamelial Kharlyngdoh of Sawmer opened the scoring in the 21st minute.
KHNAM strongly condemns this border crossing taken by the government.
Besides, there are many more incidents of corruption in many departments of the MDA government.
The suspects were arrested by the BSF from Shiblong village on the Tripura-Mizoram border.
In 2021, the RTS, S vaccine was launched by the leading British pharmaceutical company GSK and became the first vaccine to be approved by the WHO for the prevention of the disease. Children are especially vulnerable to infection in areas where the disease is widespread and rapidly spreading.
I feel it’s a great honor that I will be involved in tournaments overseas, as well as finals and be officiating in a world-class tournament.
The funeral service will be held at two venues in Nongstoin, one by the HSPDP Nongstoiñ and the other by the HSPDP Pariong.
You Lyiur, you're gone.
Shillong, July 23 : The Meghalaya Film Makers Association (MPA) on Tuesday celebrated its 12th Anniversary at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong. Dasakhiatbha Lamare Minister of State was the chief guest and Bah Titos Chyne CEM of KHADC was the chief guest. role as a special invitee.
They also said that this action of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima is like a violation of the powers and authority of the Dorbar Shnongs because just to issue NOC for one of the works they have to ask for permission from the Syiem and this creates problems. He also thanked many youngsters who are trying to stand on their own feet by setting up jobs because just for the NOC they have to spend a day to apply to the Syiem of the Hima.
The Founder Chairman of the Orphan Children's Foundation, Bah L.Dkhar, in his speech, said that the Orphan Children's Foundation can work in all parts of Jaintia Hills especially in the rural areas. The mission of the Orphan Children Foundation is to protect children, whether they are orphans, rich or poor, they should receive the same love as other children and should not be discriminated against. Encourage them even if they don't have parents or children with disabilities but they should take minutes in education so that they can move forward like other children.
At the same time, she urged the Society to continue these good deeds to commemorate the Khla wait of the country, Woh Kiang Nangbah, to remember the heritage especially to the students. tell me about you.
As the chief guest, he said that most of us as children from rural schools have the spirit of saying that we cannot compare or equal the strength of urban students, and that is wrong. He said that if we really want to get education, there will be no difference between the children who study in urban schools or in rural schools, but we need hard work and minutes to succeed. to reap the fruits of victory.
Although we have only recently heard of it, this term has been around since the first century.
He said that in this meeting which was attended by 51 leaders from Krang village besides members of the Council, many ideas were discussed how to bring order in this village which has 11 Rangbah Shnongs. .
Shillong, July 19: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) West Shillong on Saturday evening held a meeting with a group of office bearers led by President Moses Bareh. The BJP Qualapaty Unit has joined the United Democratic Party (UDP) and has formed a UDP Qualapaty Unit under the UDP West Shillong Circle.
“It is for this reason that they have decided not to take the decision to appeal,” said Bah Nongrem.
On the other hand, the Minister in charge of Lands and Shyiap, Minister Kharbukhi said that according to his knowledge, the burial ground has been collected since the past, but the T.5 lakh and T.10,0 “It is true that when you give water to the churches or when you give land to the villages, there is only a blessing of hands which they give to the elders. “It's not like we're going to be able to sell land,” said Minister Kharbuki. He said that since 1990, he has been a minister since the time of Pa'iem Laborious Syiem. as the Minister in charge of Land, but there was no such sale of land, where the Minister of Forest at that time, was Minister Dis Mawshai.
This was announced by the Director General of Police, Dr. LR Bishnoi today.
?" He asked again. "Yes, because they have covered their faces and mine.
He said that in this age all the residents have become Christians, but they are the ones who kill the animals in the fields, the birds are shot by guns and when they get them they die. in the market for making money.
Bishops and Priests vote No No Thanks.
Shillong: The FKJGP-Upper Shillong Circle, on Friday, lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Shillong regarding the problems faced by the people of Upper Shillong. The incident occurred on the Umshyrpi-Upper Shillong road.
The total number of cases has risen to 2,466 with 1492 cases in East Khasi Hills, 105 cases in West Khasi Hills, 24 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 287 cases in Ribhoi, 106 cases in West Jaintia and 187 cases in West Garo Hills, 42 cases in South West Garo Hills, 48 ​​cases in South Garo Hills and 27 cases in North Garo Hills.
L.Pariat-General Secretary of Meghalaya Athletics Association.
This will be held at the main road opposite Nongpoh Market in Mawlong Market (Umden Road) on the 20th November 2019 from 9:30 am to 12:00 pm.
Regarding the PWD district, Prestone said the state government has decided to build a Mini Secretariat on the site of the PWD office and the Executive Engineer Office. Jowai North Division, will be transferred to Shangpung.
In 2014, the price of sugar was T.13.50p per kilo and in 2015 it was T.20p per kilo, with an increase of T.6.50 per kilo per year.
“I would also like to recall my meeting with the former Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan, where I reminded him that the Riewlum are not idolaters.
After that, he said, many people came into the police station while some of them stood outside.
The AIM's meeting with the Principal of the College was on the complaint of the students within the AIM group which was sympathetic regarding the harassment of the students by the Management of the College by forcibly sending the students to They should wear masks of Covid-19, should not be vaccinated against Covid-19 when entering the school otherwise they will not be allowed to enter the college.
On the other hand, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, said that the Council is pleased that the members of the Kurs of various Jaits as well as the chiefs have supported the Lineage Act and the recent announcement. issued by the Ministry of Social Welfare in connection with the issuance of Scheduled Tribe Certificates.
Suddenly, while they were swimming, these two men fell into the river and drowned.
The school welcomes those who come to donate in any form to improve the school especially in time.
The strong wind, accompanied by lightning and lightning, has destroyed 30 villages in Betasing Block, where 48 houses in the block have been completely destroyed, while in Zikzak Block, Three villages in Salmanpara, Boldakgre have been affected by the storm.
Police have seized the motorcycle on the same day from the area of ​​8 mer.
However, what has shocked the job seekers from different parts of the North-East is that NEEPCO has set up seven test centers in Delhi alone and only three in the entire North East.
Mukhla Umlangshor tried to turn the tide but couldn't manage due to the skill of the defenders of Madankynsaw Mowkyndeng.
Church of Rynjah, Sd.
The incident occurred at 8 pm and it was reported that the fire was caused by a lightning strike.
Sherita said that she has sent letters to the government and other departments and corporations for assistance, but so far she has not received any letters. got no answer.
The dorbar will end on 22nd June 2020 and a new dorbar should be formed before that date.
If you have to buy electricity from abroad, MeECL will have to pay for it and you will not be able to clean up the electricity you have received.
Before he ascended to heaven, he promised to send another to earth to speak and enlighten people, the Holy Spirit of God.
At present, there are 28 villages where women have been allowed to take part in the Dorbar Shnongs and out of these, 6 villages have been elected as members of the Dorbar Shnongs. Executive Member of the Dorbar Shnong.
There were also mutual complaints between the Secretary of the Executive and also on the part of the NGEAs and mutual accusations.
Besides, here in the North East, it will also grow even though it is still a 12-year-old political party.
Many of the farmers who have received training from the Ministry of Agriculture from time to time, know and understand this well.
However, if it fails to achieve this target, the deficit will be paid by the Central Government and will do so within five years.
Lajong will now travel to Kerala to face Gokulam Kerala on 11th November
The meeting discussed the Congress party's accusation against the BJP that it is a religious party. In this regard, the BJP has clarified that as a party it respects all the religions in the party. The country, as a party, stands on the basis of respect for all religions.
Earlier, in the same year, he was forced by his friends to sum, in order to get a young man, and on this occasion, he was taken to the river, to sum, but he didn't. On the way, he became afraid and threw himself out of the car, just to escape being beaten by his friends.
It may be because we don't have enough money to buy food for our family, it may be because we can't buy medicine, it may be because other people treat us badly, it may be because we can't payment of debt, it may be that the family does not agree, it may be that the children do not obey the advice of their parents and so on.
Likewise, in every aspect of our struggle, as a nation, we often misuse any issues that affect our lives and deaths from time to time. time these words – “for the sake of the country and the nation.
The suspect was shot dead by the Ri Bhoi Police and taken to Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment. Ri Bhoi Police are conducting a thorough investigation into the incident, according to a source.
Nongpoh: Nisha Nongbet, 19, of Pahamsyiem, who passed away yesterday after being shot dead, was laid to rest. She was buried yesterday at the Lum Jingtep, Iewmawlong.
From this helicopter landing site, you can also see the Laipateng Khohsiew Valley, Daiñthlen Valley, Nohkalikai Valley, Nongriat Village and the surrounding areas. River Sohra and Shella.
It was clear from the beginning that working with it was very difficult and that it would never reach the $10 trillion target in India's economy," he said. Garg wrote on his blog regarding his retirement.
The match was very difficult for Meghalaya yesterday, with Nagaland choosing to tied after winning the toss.
He said that the basis on which he decided to stand is how to improve the tradition, not to change the tradition of what Ni u Kong and our ancestors have done and maintained.
The new cases include EJH: 1, EKH: 26, RBD: 2, WGH: 3, and WKH:
As in that household, children were valued to grow up in the virtues of obedience, knowledge, humility, and the righteous fulfillment of their duties.
The accused went to Pantheerankavu in the past 10 months.
The fig tree is a short tree unlike the trees.
The village authorities of Psiar did not surrender to the Assam police and continued to build the school the next day.
“Therefore, we request you all together with your relatives who have Aadhaar Card and MHIS, to come forward and link your Aadhaar to MHIS (smart card) so that you will not lose the benefits of the scheme.
(iii) Casual and contractual employees employed through labor contractors not only do not receive salary, but are deducted an additional five percent (5%) and more from their salary.
Many BJP Ministers and MPs have been directed to bring women-led constituencies to Parliament in the coming days.
, Koo and Public App platforms to educate and empower consumers.
The statue of Tirot Singh Syiem was inaugurated by Indian High Commissioner to Bangladesh Pranay Verma, Symbud Chief Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar and Minister of Arts and Culture Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
Members of KSU Iooksi unit were also present.
A lawyer urgently needed to get married, but he had only one condition and that was that his wife should not be involved in the use of social media.
The union today, 30th March 2020, visited the Industrial Training International (ITI) at Khliehtyrshi.
These are the true leaders.
Rida was very sad.
“If this happens, it could cause a disruption in the construction of the road and the loss will be to us the residents of this district.
The KSU leaders were arrested from Sohra Market after they had raided many places, mostly in Lower Cherra.
The Minister promised to set strict rules in the fight against the smuggling of beef cattle and said that the Department will cooperate with the Police Department across the State.
It is understood that if the BJP wins and holds the seat in Assam, Meghalaya will also be in power. The BJP has a role in the formation of the Executive Committee in GHADC under the leadership of the NPP. which has been going on for a few days now.
In a statement sent by the President of the Youth Congress, Richard M Marak, he said that the Vice President has been suspended for six months as a sign of punishment for speaking to the media on behalf of the MPYC. by removing the post of President without consultation or permission.
Rev. T Nongrem – Moderator Rangthong Presbytery will be the speaker at the service.
On receiving the incident, the health officials from Ri Bhoi, rushed to the village, for the purpose of conducting an investigation, to find out the cause of the illness. person.
Finally, the KSU said that the area is near the area where the Indian government wants to mine uranium and the BSF's request for land has insulted the KSU if the intention is to mine uranium. The government has no authority to protect these troops from implementing the uranium mining project.
“In this age group, it has been slow to complete due to the large number of children in one group and 25 children in different categories.
Lajong scored six goals while Laban did not score any goals.
Please contact 8787367146/8414012633 for participation by checking the name of the team and the WhatsApps Mobile No of the manager or captain so that necessary information can be provided later.
There are 37,728 samples sent, 36,341 negative, 531 awaiting results and 24,343 samples from abroad.
He also has a short, long hair and wears short gray pants and a long blue shirt.
Up to 12 online trainings and 6 in-person trainings and 8 webinars were conducted during the lockdown to train teachers on the topics. There is no voiceover and online classes are also held.
The repairs have also caused heavy traffic jam in which many vehicles have had to pass through the Shillong Bypass.
However, Bah Mawthoh denied that the defeat was due to the stinginess of the party MLA.
The Bolero belonged to Shaikupar Rymmai.
The fire should be slowly cooked so that the temperature does not rise too quickly.
Teachers are facing difficulties because they are not in contact with the children as in the past and cannot verify whether the children can catch their lessons.
Emphuis Nongrum came second with a time of 33:11.59 min and Wolbetstar Ramsiej came third with a time of 34:18.15 min.
The Church has announced that on the 19th October, 2023 the public service will start at 10:30 pm with the speaker being Rev RH Lyngkhoi and then at 1:30 pm with the speaker being Rev RH Lyngkhoi. For Rev SS.
Speaking at the launch of the book, Pastor Basaiawmoit said that before writing the book, he had explained to the public in seven places. Seminars on Aadhar have been held.
The death toll from the clashes in Delhi has risen to 38 and hundreds of others have been injured and are being treated in hospitals.
The Achik Holistically Integrated Krima (ACHIK) has received more and more support for its demand after many political parties and residents of Garo Hills on Tuesday came to take part in the The protest was held in front of the SMELC headquarters in Tura.
Hamletson said they have informed the Prime Minister that if the central government continues to delay, it will be unpleasant.
He said that the NoCs which have been applied for for the opening of the furniture are Khasi and the Rangbah Shnong of Jirang has also sent a recommendation on the NoC from the KHADC. He said that the KHADC will investigate the violation of the Trading By Non-Tribals Regulation 1954 if these furniture are smuggled by foreigners. They also require that they obtain a license before doing any work.
They are the lizard, the man-eating Rakot and the Ñiangthylliew.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 375 cases, 14 cases in Jaiaw, 10 cases in Laban, 11 cases in Madanryting, 11 cases in Mawlai, 10 cases in Mawprem, 11 cases in Mawpyrshong, 12 cases in Nongmynsong, 12 cases in Nongthymma. 11 people.
Furthermore, the Seng has requested the DC to allow public services of Christians as other festivals have been allowed.
Speaking encouragingly to his fellow citizens, Timothy Shira, said that even if they travel around the world, they should not forget their culture and traditions. those of customs and traditions.
The state government has banned the import of fish for 15 days after it was found that the fish had been injected with formalin to avoid rotting, which has endangered the health of the consumers. fish.
This time, the Langdoh team from the Pynthor River has defeated the Sangot Paswet team and this shows that agriculture will be more productive in Pynthorwah.
Bah Buam said that the search and surveillance of prisoners is the rule set before admitting any prisoner to jail to ensure that they do not have any illegal items inside the jail. cell.
She urged the cooperation of the Market Committees to assist the office and the Government as well so that the work will be smooth and successful in obtaining an accurate, clean and complete Photo Electoral Roll.
The meeting also decided that the Union of Rangbah Shnongs should continue to work in these areas which affect the Riti Durbar and that the meeting of the 4 Shnongs strongly supports the Union and to look after They also demanded the abolition of the VDC group which the KHADC has decided to introduce.
KSU Marshillong Unit has awarded the Maitshaphrang Academic Award to three students who have passed in various examinations.
After receiving information about the presence of people from Assam, who came to register their Aadhaar names at the State Bank of India in Nongpoh, KSU leaders today went to search for Aadhaar cards. At the same time, they have suspended the registration of Aadhaar names for people from Assam.
Ma T Ram Phawa, Waheh Shnong Ialong, said that the Dorbar Shnong has banned all fishing or fishing in this area which has been kept since 1st May
If Meghalaya does not reach its full potential, even in the Jal Jeevan Mission we will not be able to receive up to T.1300 crore which we have received this year and receives more than the amount of money every year from JJM. “If Meghalaya does not make good use of the funds, the construction of 1.40 lakh PMAY houses will not reach the final phase of Utilization Certificates of T.300 crore.
There were 156 players including 10 team managers.
When asked how the dry process would work if the company doesn't have the money, Goyal said, “Ask the leaders.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Sankey said that to succeed in education is to avoid bad habits.
Khliehriat, Nailur 23: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Wapung Unit today lodged a petition with the Executive Engineer of PWD (Road) Khliehriat and urged the department to take action to repair the road. The Bypass road from Mookhu to Jalyiah to Wapung has been damaged for many years and the department has not maintained it for many years.
On the other hand, Bah Freddy Passah, Ranger Forest Officer, Byrnihat Range and Bah Pynshailang Basaiamoit, B.O, Forest Department, explained to the villagers the value of water and trees for breathing. They also explained how plastic causes harm to humans, animals and the environment due to the widespread spread of plastic in the mountains and rivers which causes many kinds of diseases and damage. The nature that has kept this earth bright as the days go by.
Gogoi was born on 11th March, 1934 in Rangajan Tea Estate, formerly Sivasagar district, now Jorhat district. Your mother, Usha Gogoi.
U Bah Kharjahrin, the question now is what will happen to the powers of the District Council Courts to hear cases related to indigenous peoples in indigenous areas? All the Normal Courts hear cases where the cases are Non Tribal or one of the cases is Non Tribal and the Special Courts such as Special Judges Pocso, NDPS, UAPA etc.Through this implementation of cpc & crpc, criminal cases lodged with the police will go directly to the government court and not to the court district council. hear criminal cases.
But let us hold fast to our own.
The Semi Final will be held on the 20th June 2019 at the same venue.
The Women's League is the second season of the tournament and in the first season of the tournament, Mawlai won the title.
We must strengthen the party,” he added.
Producers should avoid any proposals that could affect the election coverage process.
The CEM denied the misuse of funds for the construction of the Guest House in Nongpoh, and said that they had spent a total of T.54 lakh as allocated.
The MPCA also expressed its concern that there are people who are going ahead to register their Aadhar numbers, where even school children have started to register their names. The MPCA has called on the residents of the State not to be afraid, even if they don't have Aadhar number, because they have the opportunity to vote and if someone forces them, they are advised. Pastor Dr. PBM Basaiawmoit 8974006220 (M); ecumove@gmail.com, Rev.K.Pyrtuh, 9436312576 (M), 0364-2534028; kyrsoi73@gmail.com, Pastor P.B.Synkli8014282108/9863017359(M); haphi403@gmail.com, Bah Auguster Jyrwa9612164669(M); augusterjyrwa@gmail.com.
The demand of the residents and the union is that the authorities in charge of the Weight Bridge should improve the road so that it will not produce pum pum anymore. They have not been able to promise to improve the road and to remove the pum pum production.
Rallies were held from Meghalaya, Assam, Mizoram, Manipur, Nagaland and Arunachal Pradesh to celebrate the year of Azadi.
He said that the cows sold in Shillong were imported from West Bengal and the transportation cost was not less than T.35,000 and only at the Checkpost in Serampore had to be paid. T.10,000 and other expenses on the way to Shillong.
Mrinal Saikia, BJP MLA, in his speech, said, “We worship cows and therefore, cows should not be slaughtered from the river in places where there are Hindus”.
At the same time, he also praised the Nongkdait-Nongtwah IVCS for providing many trainings as only 138 households have been able to get up to 400 members and this has been a true example. Another good example is that out of the 18 C&RD Block under the MLAMP Project, this Nongkdait-Nongtwah IVCS is the first in terms of operation.
The soil on the road was cleared till 3.30 pm.
On the other hand, the General Secretary recalled that the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma has made it clear that the discussion will be on the Roster System.
Over time, these excellent methods of cooking have begun to disappear due to lack of time.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 18: The KSU Ri Muliang Circle under the leadership of Samla Biangboy Sangriang President and Dominic Kharmaw, accompanied by Samla Armstrong Sohshang, Assistant General Secretary of the KSU West Khasi Hills District, led by Samla Armstrong Sohshang. They met with the Chairman of the Meghalaya Rural Bank (MRB) to demand the establishment of a branch of the bank in Nonglang which falls under Ri Muliang Block.
The Custom Department has prioritized fraud to combat ruser crimes such as smuggling of gold, cigarettes, drugs, wildlife organs, counterfeit money, counterfeit goods.
So I tried to find out how this man (Henry) got a place at such a special meeting and sat together at the same table, that is after I was informed that this arrangement was requested by the CM's office,” said Mukul.
The Sur u Nong Mawlai, has demanded that the government should temporarily suspend the police chiefs of the state over the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew and at the same time to give a fair trial on this case. Therefore, the four organizations have given their strong support to the Dorbar of Rangbah Shnongs in Ri Bhoi, because it has shown that even the Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi, has been deeply saddened by the murder of the state police.
RAFA has given only six months to the state government to take measures to immediately relocate these elephants.
In Meghalaya, the Congress party in Meghalaya has rejected the BJP for joining the BJP.
“How can you expect us to cooperate with such an organization which has many allegations of corruption and there has been no investigation into these allegations,” said Bah Ardent.
“We have summoned the company and its contractor on Tuesday,” said an officer of the state agriculture department.
At Umsaw Mawjynrong, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah R.Mawthoh, Bah Danny Mukhim, Assistant Rangbah Dong, who is also one of the members of the Sengbhalang, expressed his gratitude and congratulated them for receiving the equipment such as tyrpal and top syntek, which the MLA gave them.
The Cabinet of Ministers in charge of sports in India has now approved and accepted the request of two national sports stars, Mirabai Chanu and Bindyarani Devi for the post of Target Olympic Podium Scheme Athletes, who are now preparing to travel abroad to the USA in preparation for the Olympic Podium Scheme Asian Games.
N Syiem, a trained teacher (who is also the Syiem of Bhowal Hima) and Bah S.Khongsngi.
Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has congratulated Rakesh on his victory as the new CEM and hoped that under his leadership, development will continue to be achieved. The change shall not benefit the Council.
The Kur Dkhar strongly condemns those who allow such foreigners to take the Kur of the sacred jait, which they have received from their ancestors.
The total weight of the drugs seized was 19.37 grams worth T.2 lakh.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Teinwell Dkhar on Tuesday said that after the 2nd Amendment Bill 2018 comes into force, many Khasi MLAs will lose their citizenship. riewlum and Scheduled Tribe.
The MLAs of KHIAHSHIPUN have been appointed to pass laws to protect us.
Meanwhile, the Meghalaya Government Lower Primary School and Upper Primary School will continue to protest with various programs to get their rights. decision.
At the Civil Hospital, five cases have been confirmed including one employee, one nurse, one lab technician, one patient and one nurse.
When there is a lack of youth to be the supporters of the society, the household of the state is also weak in all aspects.
"Friends, to remove your anxiety and misconceptions, let us read from the Bible how we are taught to receive the true worship of God.
The incident took place in Dhar district of Madhya Pradesh.
Fr.Manbha Pakem, Director JHDS, Kong Wanmon Tang, Master Trainer on Food Processing and Bah Macsal Jones Nongsiej, Master Trainer of Soap Making in their speeches encouraged all those who came to be trained to start. so that they may see the fruit of their labour.
The prizes are 1st Prize 4000 tyngka, 2nd Prize 3000 tyngka and 3rd Prize 2000 tyngka with a certificate.
“If the people say that I don't have money, that too is wrong because the job of a leader is not to give money but to bring about development,” said Bah Kennedy.
He further trained in Physical Chemistry.
Dr Mukul said the police have a daily relationship with the people and are the providers of peace and it is necessary to build a relationship between the people and the law enforcement agencies to curb them. you're bad.
“On this occasion, the police have registered a case and are conducting investigations and have directed the residents of the area to cooperate with the police and also to refrain from spreading the message. to whom the news is false.
The victim has been suffering from mental illness for about 10 years and has five children including a daughter. still born.
“If the people win, I will fight to improve and provide the road to the area which is the budlum of economic development,” he added.
HS School West Khasi Hills District won 3-2 through penalties.
“There are two gifts – a Christmas gift and a New Year gift,” said another. “Why didn't you tell the owner?” asked the first person.
Assam and Bengal still have an understanding, even if it is not the language, perhaps in food, drink, sleep or residence.
There are women who have seen the shortcomings in the Khadar rule and ask for permission to become Rangbah Shnong or to be part of the Dorbar or Executive Committee, to take part in the improvement of the society.
“The HSPDP candidate is like an examinee who went to take an examination without preparing papers to steal and because he had no other reason, he spread false news against me,” said Bah HDR. “At one meeting, the HSPDP candidate alleged that when I found him at a place, I was shocked and told my followers to shoot like a pistol but haa, I have taken the bottle and I have drunk it.
Indeed, Jesus Christ became man into an uncertain world, a world of poverty, misery, and spiritual depression.
The center will be a venue for music and dance where various festivals will be held.
The outbreak of Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD) in the state has caused a sharp decline in the sale and purchase of beef in the state. beef vendors but also milk vendors, tea shops and others due to the reluctance of consumers to use beef products.
Similarly, the ASHAs have to wait until June and it is uncertain whether their demands will be met.
The collapse was near the Heiga Hotel and all the stones and soil fell on the highway between Malki and Dhankheti.
Bhek Lanosha sat on the knot and started telling stories about Shane and Shatai to comfort Kongthei.
The Lokayukta has conducted a thorough investigation and found that there has been misuse of funds in connection with the implementation of the project and therefore decided to conduct a thorough investigation.
Regarding the eye disease, Bah BB Makdoh said that it has been a real problem for the people, the most affected is the farmers and the school children, because the farmers have They have to work or pay, while for the school children, what affects them is that they have to go to school.
The bridge across the Myntdu River is located at Um-Dalong which the Ialong Village has turned into a Fish Sanctuary.
When they returned, UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh went to meet with Conrad Sangma to form the MDA-2 government.
In addition, it was informed that with the implementation of this Act, there will be no more kilograms of agricultural products as it was required by all the farmers when they went to sell their products in the market. much.
On the other hand, the party has also submitted a letter to the Prime Minister on this issue.
However, if they are poor and cannot provide and support their children's education, they should not be allowed, because of the lack of housing and when poverty prevails in the place where the children go. They have to work in factories, shops, restaurants, drive trucks, and some even try to associate with drug dealers, illegal drug dealers and others. .
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will hold a hearing on a complaint against the Syiem of Sohra on the 18th of this month at 11 am.
When asked when the public will be able to use the water, the SDO said that the time is not known, but the work has been completed by about 70% as the work is in full swing.
Don't kiss or greet, As you used to do before, Shu ong with the words, 'Greetings to you', That's enough.
Although Nongkrem FC had scored a goal, they didn't lose heart and managed to score two goals through Shankupar Kharbyngar in the 85th & 90+3rd minutes. point in the group's two games.
However, it has not been implemented even after 168 days of opening because it has not been implemented because doctors and nurses have not been appointed according to reliable sources.
The Dorbar Shnong and the HYC have lodged a complaint with the Officer Incharge of Langpih AD Camp against him.
Shillong is the city with the largest number of military bases and the area of ​​military bases and defense land is hundreds or thousands of acres if you count them together from those areas that have not existed since Foreign Government and others whom the Ministry of Defense has recently recruited.
He said the reason mentioned in the no-confidence motion is the lack of procedure.
Rio Sten in his speech expressed his gratitude to the village leaders and the villagers for their decision to support him in this election and with the hope that he will get back. you have won.
Six candidates will contest the election, Samlin Malngiang of the NPP, Osborne Jana of the Congress, Sandondor Ryntathiang of the HSPDP and Synsharlang who has not yet filed his nomination papers. Seraph Eric Kharbuki of the BJP and TMC candidate Stoding Star Thabah have been confirmed to contest.
Easterland Iangrat scored 20 runs from 33 balls and Aristerwell Suting took three wickets for 15 runs from four overs for Pomshutia CC. Ralphy Heinrich Diengdoh was named Player of the Match.
The match on the day was very interesting and exciting which also impressed the spectators.
??????I don't know if you're dead but you don't know what you're doing.
However, what is the difference between the principles and ideas that he shared with us will remain forever, and these are perhaps the true contributions that he has made to our citizens,” said Conrad. Try.
Shillong, November 9: The KSU SWKH will hold a public meeting at Mawkyrwat tomorrow to discuss the kidnapping of Khasi by the Garo rebels.
If the Government of Meghalaya ignores the demands of the residents of Umkiang area to improve the NH 6 in the coming days, they have warned to take to the streets.
About 200 KSU youths have shot and wounded four policemen and burnt trucks and other equipment on reaching Ronghona. They also shot and injured three foreign workers in the area.
On the other hand, Coinrad K Sangma said that the incident in Manipur has nothing to do with the NPP-led Meghalaya government, as all the political parties in the coalition government have agreed.
Ri War can produce soh niamtra, soh phoh, soh plum, soh trun and others, Bhoi can produce soh trun and others, and if encouraged and produced in the right manner, this area will jin and long shisha is the country of soh.
Once again I have invited the candidates for the same issue,” Thakur tweeted last night.
“The boundary demarcation is to do for the sake of the heritage of the people and we have also taken a decision regarding the Motor area to evict the residents from Ïew Mawlong. and the residential area we intend to improve to build a market for the people of the state and also for the people of Mawthadraishan where they can sell and buy in peace and order but in the midst of these things all of us are still being beaten and we are still being lynthem maw".
He said that to apply for any post by one's own people has caused problems to others especially those who come from poor families whose parents work hard to spend for their children.
The school was established in
The village authorities have requested the Umkiang Patrolling Post to punish the officer according to the rules of law.
He said that if the Government wants to play politics on this issue, it should have resolved it immediately because it is the wish of the people.
173 Federations of SHGs have been formed and 465 women have become Community Resource Persons.
Dkhiah West, Lumputhoi won the title while Iongkaluh Wahsder and Mutong won the second division football tournament of the EJHDFA at Moopala Village Stadium on Saturday.
Shillong, March 04: U Bah Michael N Syiem of the Maitshaphrang Movement, on Tuesday wrote to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, to issue a directive to all government authorities immediately to ensure that the The Compulsory Marriage Act shall come into force as approved by the State Legislative Assembly.
This article is for the collection of taxes on the vehicles carrying agricultural products of the residents of Khanduli and this shows that the KAAC has exceeded the limits and used force against the residents of this village.
The success of this program has been the basis of the Aspirational Block programme, he said, sharing the praises and achievements of the program around the world.
Criticizing the BJP government, Rahul said last month Nirav Modi fled with Rs 22,000 crore belonging to the people of India.
He said that as films produced from the eastern parts of India have been able to win Oscars, it is clear that even films produced from this part of the country can reach this goal. degree.
He said they have seen the HSPDP's belief that without the national parties the NPP cannot stand.
The e-Proposal system now provides for the application and acceptance of all departments and directorates in Meghalaya and to provide government services along with the proper performance of duties to all citizens across the state in a which is bright and clear.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, President HYC West Khasi Hills said that the strength of the HYC in all areas from the Units to the Central Body depends on the ability of the members to give cooperation at all times.
Thus, “I Bih Sian” means “I Give the Bih of Love”.
Speaking on the East Shillong constituency, he said that the people in this constituency have understood the BJP's action to divide the ethnic groups and promote only one ethnic group.
A doctor at a Manhattan hospital committed suicide by hanging himself on Sunday and has cured many patients with the coronavirus.
This year, the Raij Jwai has striven to comply with the Government's orders such as avoiding overcrowding and striving to stay at a distance as directed by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. of health.
Only 30 supporters from outside Moodymmai were allowed to attend the campaign inside the village.
M Rajendra Singh congratulated Meghalaya for hosting the second round of the 2nd North East Olympic Games
Bah Deihok Sumer, President FKJGP Bataw Unit who was present as a member of the village on the invitation of the Waheh Shnong along with other village leaders from Umlangsha Village, Lad Lakadong.
Prof David Reid Syiemlieh, former Chairman of UPSC, will be appointed as Academic Adviser, former Executive Chairman of MBoSE Tony TC Marak will be appointed as Adviser School Sector Reforms. Ambrose Ch Marak will be the Member Secretary.
In Meghalaya, there are about 67,000 youths who are eligible for this scholarship.
He said the army had no reason to occupy the ground as it was in the middle of the city and besides that they did not use it at all.
The opening match of the day was between Bhoi Zone against Clarissa in which hundreds of spectators came to support the team. Bhoi Zone beat Clarissa 2-0 goals to win their first victory in the first half until the second half.
Thus, 37 years later, in 70AD, the Jewish Temple in Jerusalem was destroyed and until now the Jews have not been able to worship God in the Temple in Jerusalem.
He said that until now not a single Government Officer has come to his home to promise assistance from the Government and to send for treatment to the injured.
East Khasi Hills has the highest number of cases with 949 active cases followed by West Garo Hills with 480, Ri Bhoi with 156, West Jaintia Hills with 80, South West Garo Hills with Khasi Hills 64, Eastern West Khasi Hills 58, North Garo Hills 54, South Garo Hills 43, East Jaintia Hills 30, West Khasi Hills 37, and East Garo Hills 34.
Customize:In our Rympei Ïieng today, the children of Hynniewskum, many children call “Daddy” instead of “Pa” and “Mammy” or “Mom” instead of “Mei”.
To acquire knowledge, we must first ask ourselves carefully so that we can overcome our mistakes and work together to avoid mistakes.
Shillong, Iaiong 24 : The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) today said that they do not want to leave Mawlong Market in a letter to the government. He said that whatever happens, the Kharmetor will be relocated from Mawlong Market as decided by the HPC and approved by the Cabinet.
At the same time, he said that the CoMSO did not conduct the search itself but conducted the search with the participation of law enforcement personnel.
The union said that the government's silence has had a serious impact on the education of the students until one of the Govt Schools in Sohiong has been closed down during these months. last month.
“However, this has not happened in this government and questions arise one after another. Therefore, what he (Cornad) says is true. “The people are not happy either but it makes them think,” he said.
According to police, the two men were riding a bike with their 15-year-old brother and were heading to Pipulbari village in West Garo Hills, about 15kms from Garobadha village in South. West Garo Hills.
There is still time for Rahul Gandhi if he does not change his behaviour, just as the Congress party has been defeated in the Northeast, the same will happen in the country as a whole.
Even within India, it has changed completely, not only the method of inheritance from the mother, which has its own basis for counting the saisohpet, the mother-in-law.
The team led by Mrityunjay Bharali and Mrinal Das as deputy will start their campaign on March 7 in Pune where they will face the Odisha team for the first time.
Mawkyrwat scored 86.13% while Ranikor scored
However, all of them failed, ended and ended on the day of the crucifixion and execution of Frank Macchia in the Easter 2021 message, which also appeared on the Facebook page of "World Wide Pentecostal Theology" The story of Jesus' encounter with the two disciples is as follows: “On the first day of Easter, about two thousand years ago, Cleopas and his companion were walking to the distant land of Emmaus. dangerous miles from Jerusalem.
He said that anyone who feels that the EVMs are not working, can come and show how the EVMs can be stolen.
Before he died, he said to one of the prisoners from Lum Jaintia, “When you return to your country, tell my fellow countrymen that Tirot Singh has died as King. ".
He said that if anyone is willing to help, no matter who it is, the family members will be grateful, because they belong to a poor family.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Banteidor urged the people to forget about politics but to work together for the benefit of the people.
The scheme was distributed by the MLA to these 406 people through a check of 10,000 (shiphew) thousand tyngka each by depositing the money into their bank accounts.
New Zealand Prime Minister Chris Hipkins told reporters that six people were killed in the fire at the hostel, but police said the death toll was the number of people may increase by a few.
It is pleasing to see that the border can be resolved so that our people living in the border areas can enjoy a peaceful life.
At the same time, we hope that the members of the Legislative Assembly will make proper use of this space allocated for them.
The Dorbar Shnong Lawsohtun has issued a complaint against I Kong regarding this incident which has caused shame to the Shnong. and will work with the Police to arrest those involved.
The FKJGP, HNYF and RBYF will hold a rally tomorrow after receiving permission from the Deputy Commissioner to hold a rally from 10 am.
At the same time, the Deputy Commissioner said that Nongkrem has many opportunities to promote tourism due to the beauty of its natural beauty.
The project has been allocated about T.1,600 crore of which T.500 crore has already been released for the first phase and the target is to complete it within 36 months.
Without looking at anyone, I urge all these political parties who have come to campaign here to join the Congress party so that it will win this election from Nongstoin Constituency, so that once again the glory of the party will be won. Nongstoin Constituency will regain its glory and will be the constituency that will lead other constituencies,” he said.
The Dorbar Shnong Mukhaïalaong invites all the residents of Mukhaïalaong to come and witness this Shad Sukra festival.
“We will ensure that the election will be fair and we will strictly control the speech that causes religious differences,” Rawat said.
"Why is this, are we too wise? You who love the nation, don't you see the destruction that is about to come to our country starting from here?
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Wanseng said that as a leader he has a responsibility for the youth and he feels that they need to involve the youth in sports so that they can avoid many evils. which have affected society in these days.
“During Shah's visit, the State Government also submitted a petition in which the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the State was included among other demands,” he said.
Crimes like murder and cruelty are not common in our way of life.
Shish you I'm the UNSC don't veto you.
The Rehabilitation Center was inaugurated by Rev Dr AC Moore, President of the Church, in the presence of the Minister of State in charge of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri. Dr Celestine Lyngdoh MLA Umsning, Rev M Shangpliang President of the Rehabilitation Centre, Rev AM Mihsil Secretary, members of the Center Pastors from the Church of God and others. The land was donated by Kong Phain Thangkhiew to the Church of God to set up this Center to bring back hope once again to those youths who have fallen into alcoholism.
On the other hand, the KSU encourages and supports Prof. Sungoh.
Meanwhile, the Inspector General of BSF Meghalaya, after looking into the facts of the incident, confirmed that the BSF troops have decided to patrol the border, even in the face of trouble.
A woman carrying her 1 year old daughter who was still breastfeeding said that she left Mawmang village at 8 pm to get medicine from Kongthong Sub-Centre and it will take you about 2 and a half hours to get into this checkpoint.
Chinese President Xi Jinping today inaugurated the world's tallest £14 billion bridge linking Hong Kong, Macau and China.
As long as you turn your eyes and look carefully, you will no doubt see these things that are useful.
He said the committee was set up to find out in detail how the government collects the Education Cess.
The Minister's remarks came at a time when the KSU is still in the midst of a protest against the railway line due to the fear of foreign infiltration.
Kennedy had contested the mid-term elections in Mawphlang on the Congress ticket but was defeated by the UDP candidate Eugene Lyngdoh.
“The NTA has announced that the CUET examination will be held in the second month of November.
Therefore, on these needs and opportunities, the people urge the new MLA of the area, Bah RG Momin to take action.
They expressed their love for each other through their receipt of the poikha poiman in the presence and blessing of the priests.
When we tried to check the CCTV footage near the shop, we saw that this morning a young man under the age of 35 years old tried to break the CCTV footage of the shop. The shopkeepers suspected that he might be one of the robbers.
“Now, therefore, I, BS Sohliya, IAS, District Magistrate, Jowai, have taken over the post as sentenced under Section 144 Cr.
“The authorities are still trying to rescue these soldiers.
Adelbert said that he does not have anything against the government or the women involved in this illegal activity, but urged the government to take action and to find ways to help people who are addicted to prostitution.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, today attended the 2nd Ri Kunai 2020, Tam Asa organized by the Nongtluh Farmers Association (NEFA) at Umden Parish Hall. in Umden village, Bhoi district.
The Governor said that strong measures should be taken to end the insurgency in the state in order to bring peace and rapid economic development.
However, AT Mandal, Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, said that he has not yet received any letter from the Congress party regarding the suspension or expulsion of Bah Pynshngain. The Congress MLA inside the House while outside the House is a suspended MLA.
It was seen that in the House after the election of the new CEM or Deputy Chairman, after all the MDCs had spoken, the last speaker was the Chairman or Chairperson. Teilinia, Chairperson, did not congratulate the newly elected Dy.Chairman and after all the MDCs had finished speaking, she allowed Bah Gabriel. She did not say anything on her part as an MDC of Mylliem Constituency or Chairperson of KHADC. The Chairman was accompanied by the leaders of the PDF, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, CEM and other senior MDCs of the PDF. or Dy.Chairman, Chairman has also gone to accompany them to the seat where they sit not only on the winning side or in power, but even the leader of the opposition has gone to accompany them to the seat where they sit. The Leader of the Opposition, Bah Metbah, has not appointed Bah Gabriel to the post of Dy.Chairman.
Tomorrow, BBS College Shillong will play against NEHU Tura and Synod College Shillong will play against NEIAH.
He said that as the NICRA project, the village will start water supply systems during the rainy season for use in the portlang.
Sunday Morning Pariat is also the sister of Baxterly Pariat who lives in Tympang, Jowai.
CoRP General Secretary Friday Jalong and members of the CoRP have met with the District Sericulture Officer, Ri Bhoi, L Lyngwa to get more information. She said that she has no information about the distribution of forms for the scheme and she has received information from the past that some people have distributed these forms in Ri Bhoi District.
“As directed by the Election Commission of India (ECI), the preparations have gone smoothly.
She said that she does not want to make politics a game to protest on the streets but she wants to meet the workers before turning to the lyngkha.
Many of the Rangbah Shnongs who took part in the meeting, expressed their disagreement and strongly opposed the MUDA to come to the area outside the Municipal.
In the Women Senior Category – 60Kg – Margareth Pathaw, Ksiar (Left and Right) and Ewan Shuwa Suchiang, Rnong (Left and Right); 70 Kg – to Aibocklin Rina, Rnong (Right); 80Kg – Rymbai Rymbai, Silver (Right).
Lack of concentrationCognitive triad of depression: Feelings of despair, hopelessness and lack of worth in life.
South Shillong MLA Sanbor Shullai said that Ardendhu Choudhuri is the former Director of Printing and Stationery of the state government. brought the issue in the House to include the Khasi language in the fifth schedule.
On the other hand, the union has found that some foreigners without documents (such as EPIC, or any kind of Identity Proof) did not have them at all and their answer was not correct. so the Seng sent them away from the place where they came from.
Nongpoh: Three MLAs from Nongkrem, Jason S. Mawlong, Umsning MLA and Sosthenes Sohtun, Jirang MLA, today visited the Iongkhuli village and held a meeting at Maikhuli village, in order to discuss with the village leaders and the residents of the area, so that they can see the documents related to Iongkhuli village, the village which is located near Umtyrnga and falls under the Raid Marwet.
Mairang: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, today announced that the ration shops have been distributed through the ration shops. free of charge under the PMGKAY scheme for the month of November,
Not only in Kerala, but also in Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra and Telangana, the number of cases has increased by between 50-60 percent, after these festivals last April.
Shillong, Naitung 20: On the 19th of this month, at 2:30 pm, while searching all the vehicles passing through the GS Road, police stopped a Ford Ikon at They were searched in Mawlai, Shillong.
Ahmedabad: Ten people from Nagaland have been beaten up by mobs after selling food items in an incident of ethnic violence against people from northeastern India. from the northeast of Ahmedabad, Gujarat.
He said that his name was suit la shor by his parents but if you change your name to Pnar or Synteng Tein it means you are afraid of the border. “I don't mean to be afraid of the border but I will conduct the dorbar without fear and I will conduct it according to the rules and regulations,” said Bah Teiñ.
:The Khasi song “Urlong” will be released on the 29th of June
Doi is one of the foods that can cause weight gain.
Nongstoin, March 24 : Prestarius Thongni, 40, of Seiñduli village has been shot dead by unidentified persons inside the forest at Patharumlang village on the evening of the 23rd. They went to the forest to hunt birds.
Shillong, July 25: Four traders were abducted from Phulbari in West Garo Hills while they were traveling from Kantanagre to Dadenggre sub-division, about 40 km from Tura.
The Lyngdoh Raid of the Marbaniang Kur, Mylliem is the provider of all the necessities of the ritual, whether it is the provision of pigs, goats, cows, klong, skaw and others.
However, any place has become a place of promenade where visitors no longer understand the meaning of “sacred” and walk around shouting because they do not appreciate the sacredness. of this forest, that means this forest is no longer the “Law Kyntang.
Many vegetables from the cruciferous family are associated with reducing the risk of cancer, such as broccoli and others.
So far, it has been reported that the Congress intends to contest against Langrin MDC Manstudy Nongrem from Mawkyrwat constituency, although there are other candidates including former KSU Delhi Unit President Kynpham Lyngdoh.
Mookymphad Mihmyndtu and Pateinki Sabah have won the Third Division Football Tournament for the 3rd Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
Ribahunshisha Kharshiing has been a player with the Kick Start Football Coaching Center and recently last month she joined the training camp of the Bhaichung Bhutia Football Academy.
At this General Meeting, the General Secretary read out the General Report of the Sengkhihlang and the income and expenditure of the Sengkhihlang was read out. Office Bearers of the Sengkhihlang for a term of 3 years from 2023 to
Miquel Obando Nongbri took four wickets for 14 runs in four overs while Daryll Donald Nongbri took three wickets for 26 runs in four overs. Easterland Iangrat scored 35 runs from 40 balls and Elsabat Nongdhar took 3 wickets for 20 balls. run in 4 overs.
Jowai, July 23: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Jowai Circle today sent a letter to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K. Samgma and Aman War, Jowai Circle. They demanded that the government should implement the Maternity and Child Hospital at Panaliar Jowai.
The West Jaintia Boxing Association (WJBA) will hold a boxing coaching camp from 1st June 2023 at Daimasi Stadium, Ladthadlaboh.
“I want to answer why he didn't support a political party fighting for the reservation policy. what is the purpose, what is the desire, what is the path, what is the desire I have not yet understood.
Similarly, Mawsynram, which has Mawnam, has become a place where U Ram lives. Urban areas and suburbs where the army lives, such as Mawpat, where the BSF live, are not allowed to travel to their own villages. Nongmensong to Laitkor, Mawshabuit, Laitkor, where the army has blocked the border by bringing cement concrete to build the road. people.
Meghalaya, which scored 153 runs for the victory, completed the tied by 125/4 in the second innings, in which captain Kishan Lyngdoh ( 34 not out) and Jaskirat Singh Sachdeva (19 not out).
Replying to a question by Laban Mawprem MDC Mitchell Wankhar on the spelling of the kur names, Nongpoh MDC Balajied Rani said that in what manner will the Council There are people who change their jait just to own land especially through the tang jait.
On the other hand, the University does not believe that it is a typo.
In this country we have many kinds of jhur, soh and so on, we should eat them well to have a healthy body.
The central theme of the lyngkhuh year is “The grace of God to save souls”.
To cover the mouth and head with a mask.
Now in Mumbai I can eat ja kdang once a day, at the price of T.12 tyngka a day, I get ja, dai and jhur,” said Babar.
On the other hand, the VPP leader said that the Government's commitment to discuss the Reservation Policy is a victory, but the party will not stop the protest.
All FPS Dealers/SK Oil Retailers shall comply with the Guidelines laid down by the Government for FPS Dealers/SK Oil Retailers.
In fact, as teachers, if you block the road and explain to them, they understand that there is no need to shoot tear gas.
Tomorrow morning, the Prime Minister will personally inspect the NH 6 which has been damaged by the floods due to the heavy rainfall.
Speaking at the meeting, Jonathan Shylla (MCS), ADC, East Jaintia Hills District, spoke about interview skills by giving examples from his own life in relation to his work. .
Memorial Higher Secondary School beat BBL Steplanglur 2-0 while Rev. JJM Nichol's Roy Secondary School beat BBC Steplanglur 2-0
All that remains to be completed is the construction of 104 Sub-Zonal Reservoirs in different parts of the 28 villages allocated for water from this scheme.
Regarding the importation of foreign workers, the HANM leader said that the HANM is very concerned about the importation of foreign workers, which has caused suffering to the Khasi youth. it is a mystery and a mystery.
It is impossible to say that in this age we don't know about this Hima Syiem Sutnga because we don't look back on the past, the country which our ancestors bought with their precious blood and us. It takes a lot of time to talk about this age of science and technology.
On the occasion, the Seng Khasi Kmie was led by Rgh DK Dkhar President, Rgh PD Nongrum General Secretary, Rgh Rangpher Rynjah Secretary Culture, Lyngdoh of Hima Khyrim Rgh S Pyniaidsuk Lyngdoh. Members of the Lum Jingthang Committee, Khasi Kmie.
Nongpoh: As happened in Iewduh, so in Sor Nongpoh, the same thing happened and that is that if there are those who rob foreign shops, there are Khasi who rob foreigners and who don't own anything. Members of the KSU, Nongpoh Circle, conducted a surprise raid and closed down those foreign shops on Saturday. to produce proper documentation.
On the other hand, Bah Bah Pynhun Mawroh, Rangbah Shnong, who was recently elected, expressed his regret to see that the schemes that should have reached the village and for the benefit of the people, have been allowed. misused and without working at all.
Ashishkumar Chauhan, MD & CEO, NSE, said, “At this time, while we are in the process of bringing about financial stability, the discussion forum on GSS Bonds is as one of the steps to further promote climate investment in India.
All Agents of the party are requested to attend this meeting so that all the objectives will be successful.
After this he worked with Mafatlal Group of Companies in Mumbai, Kolkata and the North East.
He said that all schools (Government and Private Schools) in the District will be closed on 28th June as a precautionary measure against the threat posed by Cyclone Remal.
“The North Eastern Council has allocated T.50 lakh and T.15 lakh from the Meghalaya Basin Management Agency and the target is to complete it within three months.
Since November 2018, the state residents have been protesting against the Citizen Amendment Bill (CAB) 2019 under the leadership of the North East Student Organization (NESO) and other organizations. Tripura police have opened fire and injured 12 Bengali-speaking protesters, along with They blocked the way for the injured to go to hospital and the union alleged that the police had an intention to kill the injured.
The second match will be between Mylliem Lum SC and Nongkseh SC at 2 pm at the SSA Stadium, Polo.
Even the older ones are still a little better than the younger ones,” said the father in a voice that advised his mother.
Thus, the present building was rebuilt at the Residency and occupied in 1903-0
He said that the CCTV cameras installed by the government in Motphran are not working properly because all the CCTV cameras are damaged.
If you are surprised by this disease, please inform the officers of Agriculture, Horticulture etc so that they will no longer be able to sit comfortably in their chairs with their families.
“The dancers were allowed to take part for only 10 hours, starting at 3.30 pm, but had to be cancelled, because they were all over,” said Bah Sik Buhtep, Sordar of Raid Mawlam. , in an interview with Rupang.
The reason is not that he does not provide food and drink, but because he can no longer share his time with these two husbands.
Gurung, Secretary of the Meghalaya Gorkha Welfare Union, Jhalupara, Shillong, has lodged a complaint with the police that unidentified persons have posted a confession page on Facebook. relationship.
“When we listen and think about the explanations of these young men, we will all agree with them because they are only truths.
When asked about the income from one cow, he said that one cow produces T.10,000 per month while the cost of one cow is about 5 or 6,000 tyngka per month. He said that if you have only four cows, you can still work alone, but more than that, you have to hire workers to cut the grass, clean it, clean it. milk and so on.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Culture and Heritage, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that the preparations to introduce a resolution to demand the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of the country, It is up to the Political Department of the State and the Department of Culture and Heritage will only assist in meeting the needs.
Meghalaya tied for 294 runs for the loss of five wickets in the opening match against Utterakhand in the Plate Group Ranji Trophy in Dehradun today.
Another employment opportunity or project is Project Nirmalya, which aims to monitor and fight against part-time dropout of children due to poor sanitation. sugar and also the outdoor areas.
Regarding the 100 bed hospital, Dr. Mukul Sangma said it is shocking to see that the construction of the hospital which started and laid the foundation stone since 2011 but until 2022 has not been completed. can be implemented correctly.
Nongstoin, Naitung 24: The Union of Village Authorities of Warsan Lyngdoh Area, has demanded that the office of the SDSEO, Mawkyrwat, should immediately release the salaries of the teachers of 18 villages, as the teachers of schools They have been teaching without salary for five months.
Shillong, March 14: There will be no taxi operation from Umsawli-Wahshala to Lumdiengsai on the 19th of this month, as the Taxi Association will repair the road on that day, according to a statement from the President. Shillong, March 14: The MPCC President DD Lapang has directed all the Congress members to walk with one voice in the mid-term MDC elections and that voice should be “Dohiap-dohiap”. Lapang said that there are those who say that the Congress party will lose its name in 2018 but he has ordered the party's strong workers. to work hard to come back to power in
Three government vehicles, two private vehicles burnt in Resu-KhaldangThe government has agreed to appoint a team of inquiry into the incident in Resu-Khaldang, North Garo Hills. three civilians were seriously injured yesterday evening.
Speaking to reporters, the candidate for Khliehriat Constituency, said, “My goal is to improve the income in the district, as I have seen and witnessed that the district of We are a rich district, with a lot of revenue from mineral resources, but due to the lack of management, lack of leaders, we cannot develop this district. He urged and requested the people of 6-Khliehriat Constituency to allow him once again to support him to shon in the shap of Prah so that he can win. “On behalf of the VPP, we have set a priority goal to bring about change in the issue of cleanliness of governance in Meghalaya.
In a statement, the union said that perhaps this person wants to mislead the residents of Sohmynting-Khlieh Tyrshi Constituency.
Earlier, under the rule of the Taliban, before 2001, they issued a similar order, in which women should not go to school, should not go outside, without the accompaniment of a family member. Their men and women will be sympathized with by the Taliban police.
God blessed Abraham that his seed would become as numerous as the sand of the sea.
Lalbiakthanga Khingte, DIG Mizoram, said gelatin bombs were used to destroy the entire school.
The DoT confirms that these information is part of the testing process and should not be taken as true information.
She is in prison in the Brazilian city of Altamira and is said to have been killed by two of Brazil's most dangerous robbers.
However, the coming of that ruler will take a long time because all the countries of the world have not yet been united.
His mother used to take him to his hometown of Laitlyngkot, about 17 miles or 27 kilometers from Shillong, on the road to Dawki.
Worldwide, the number of cases has risen to 94 lakh and the death toll to 4,82,000, according to the Johns Hopkins University.
He said that the Association has prepared a program known as the Autumn Fiesta Cum variety show which includes various games from children's games, lucky draw and others as part of the celebration. the school.
In Tura, the blackout time has been reduced to 4 hours from 8 hours, in Jowai it has been reduced to 5 hours, while in rural areas it has been reduced from 10 hours to 7 hours.
Because through this silence of theirs, it will cause problems in all the activities of all the residents of the state.
According to Bah Fantin, the suspect is a resident of Kharmalki village, Malki, Shillong.
On the other hand, it is because of love, the uniqueness of the family, the tip-kur tip-kha, the earning of rights, the rules of customs and traditions, the right of ownership of the nation. They have risen from the ground and have fallen away. It is that kind of love which we call blind love or blind love.
No lighting shall be used from 10 pm to 6 pm.
It is a fact that in this state, due to the lack of other sources of electricity generation, rainwater is needed to increase electricity generation, and at the same time, electricity is needed to irrigate the water supply. drinking water to the homes of the villagers.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pyntngen Kharkongor, President of the SSUP, said that the total number of residents of these villages is not less than 50,0 The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has decided to upgrade this Sub Center to a PHC, so that it can provide better services.
At NEIGRIHMS hospital, 22 people have been confirmed positive for Covid-19 including 5 nurses and one doctor while others are patients and caregivers.
“However, it is unfortunate that the state government while implementing this Roster System has turned back by creating unemployment for Garo people according to the 40:40 ratio according to the complaint of some political parties. Garo Hills” said the statement.
Minister Duh also promised that before the end of these 10 years, India will be able to meet 50% of its electricity needs from renewable sources; that India's fossil fuel-free electricity generation capacity will reach 500 GW; waste generation of GDP will decline by 46–48 percent from 2005 levels; and that the country's carbon footprint has increased by 10 billion tons.
Police have arrested a driver of a fake motorcycle and fined him T.2000,000 under Section 179 (1) of the Motor Vehicle Act. The owner of the vehicle has replaced the silencer of the vehicle.
Aiciless Lyngdoh, Executive Member of KSU South West Khasi Hills District, Daman Syrman, Organizing Secretary, also helped a family affected by a fire in the area. KSU Umdohlun Circle, members of KSU Umdohlun Circle and others.
The farmers of Mooshrot have alleged that the village of Saba has destroyed their farmland and the village of Saba has alleged that the farmers of Mooshrot have destroyed their farmland without the permission of the village of Saba. They cleaned the fields by cutting down the trees.
When asked whether if he doesn't get the Congress ticket, he will continue to contest the election whether from another party or on his own. “If I don't get the ticket from the Congress party, I will not fight but I will wait and I will stay with the party to give my full support,” he said.
Shillong: There have been 406 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today.
For Nartiang (ST), there were 45,375 voters, including 22,328 males and 23,047 females. For Nartiang (ST), there were 45,375 voters. women do not vote.
She said that the acts of violence are not new but are well known and understood.
Wailadmiki said that 40 people have benefited from this MLA scheme. Wailadmiki said that this scheme is for the year 2020, due to the outbreak of the disease, it has not been released. to this help.
He said that according to the letter dated October 6, 2014, the NOC to conduct the survey in Laiseng area was issued to the Director of Head Mission-II, Geological Survey of India (GSI) by the former Sordar. Bah TK Iangrai of Mawlong Hima has passed away.
First of all, the elderly man told his family that he has two sons and a daughter who has left to follow his husband and he said that he lives in Wahthapbroo. He is 65 years old now but before that he said that his grandfather lived in Khyndailad.
Chinese media on Monday confirmed that American mountaineer Anna Gutu and Nepali mountaineer Mingmar Sherpa have died after a Tibetan volcanic eruption. , while the two men were trying to climb the mountain in the past few days.
The conflict in Manipur, which began in January 2023, has claimed the lives of more than 200 people while thousands of others have been displaced.
Many of the residents don't know who has improved the implementation of this road and they think that it is from the government department through the PWD road, but when you see in these days that the part has not been implemented in the completion of the road. although after a long time since the chess years were played.
He resigned on 25/6/2
Regarding the demand to make Tura the capital of Meghalaya during the rainy season, ACHIK said the government has not yet said anything.
Nongpoh: A minor child from a village in Ri Bhoi District, who went missing on the 7th of this month, has been released by the Ri Bhoi Police on the 9th of this month. it was found in an area on the border between India and Nepal.
The total number of confirmed cases has risen to 3,591 and the death toll has risen to 1,2
“We don't have that barrier but the party has made it clear that it will contest for all the candidates in 60 constituencies,” said Bah Shibun.
I would like to congratulate the NIA, CBI and all the security agencies of the Central Government”.
The Prime Minister will complete it until the end of the term,” said Joshi when asked about the protests within the Congress party in the state.
“The sudden announcement by the HNLC that it has withdrawn from the peace talks with the Government has revived the opening of the history books of Khadar rule in Ri Hynniewtrep.
Shillong, July : As part of the celebration of Meghalaya Environment Week 2022, the office of the BDO Mawryngkneng C&RD Block under the auspices of the EFC (Basin) Mawryngkneng C&RD Block. The tree planting ceremony was held on the 4th of this month at St Francis De Sale Secondary School, Mawmang.
Once pride and arrogance rise, a person often perishes.
The Mawsynram C&RD Block has also grown up in terms of size and has grown well but unfortunately its appearance has remained the same without any change.
Regarding the promise of the Minister of Education, Enlang said that the Minister of Education has promised to convene a meeting with the Ministry of Education to discuss the issue. HYC Education Cell.
Asimom Sohtun scored a hat-trick by scoring four goals.
“Young people who have learned, don't think only about government jobs but start your own business.
These households have received assistance with household items such as tusok, rajai, kombor and household items.
ABK Indigenous Films has released a series of videos in 2019 with the series The Revelation of the Child.
At the same time, the Union of Waheh Shnongs EJHD has expressed its concern over the destruction of electricity posts in the villages, which has put the residents at risk.
In the recurve women's team, Avani, Ravina, Preeti and Dikshu won gold. In the recurve women's team, Tisha Punia, Dikshanayak, Somya Negi and Veerpal Kaur won. Harpreet Kaur, Tanishaverma, Gurmeharkaurgrewal and Shweta Singh won the bronze medal.
She urged the people of Dadenggre to vote for her son.
With this victory, both the teams have qualified for the semifinals of the tournament, while the other two teams will compete tomorrow.
Khliehmawlieh and Rangdajied will have a few days rest before their final match at the SSA Stadium on Saturday.
The match will start at 8:30 pm, and all cricket lovers are welcome to come and witness the match.
The road continues to pass from the plains until it reaches parts of the areas surrounding the Ri Shyiap.
Gupta, in a fit of rage, threw the EVM and the machine collapsed.
Finally, the Seng urges the police that if they want to eradicate robbery, they should first arrest those who collect money every night on the Jowai Byepass and also those who sit in the parking lot at 7mer.
He said that the demand of Bah Paul in the past years to demand the change of the Reservation Policy is witnessed until today where even on social media platforms have spread his statement.
Perhaps, the BJP has thought carefully if the Khasi and Garo languages ​​are approved immediately to be included in the Khyrnit Baphra, to approve the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya. The National People's Party (NPP) is the ruling party in the state as the NPP has also been recognized as a national party by the Election Commission of India (ECI).
Scientists at the University of Auckland, who is in charge of the Department of Language, Culture and Communication, have studied for 40 years the relationship and intelligence of the tyngab.
Shillong, Jymmang 28 : Former Chief Minister and Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday alleged that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by the NPP is trying to bury the dead. allegations of corruption in the illegal coal mining by pretending to be clean and denying allegations of any wrongdoing and corruption.
The High Court said that these issues raised by the NHAI should be resolved by the government authorities and should also set rules for the car washes including the license fee and others.
His hat-trick came in just two overs in which three batsmen fell long in their first balls.
Members of the MCA including Gideon Kharkongor Honorary Secretary, Honorary Treasurer Dhrubajyoti Thakuria and Dister Marbaniang Chairman of the Tournament Committee were also present. of West Khasi Hills District Cricket Association and South Garo Hills District Cricket Association.
Literature and psychologists advise us that we can overcome this problem by learning to manage time.
As usual, the Seinraij Mukhla will hold a Chad Sukra on the 26th of this month at Iaw Rong Mukhla Square.
If the government leaders take the necessary measures, there are still things that can benefit the youth in these areas as well.
In 2016, the Leaders of the State Legislative Assembly expressed their concern about the prevalence of drugs in the state.
He lived alone in Sarusajai and after that he returned to Assam.
However, the government, which has issued a notice from July 2020 and November 2020, has revised the fare of trucks from T.7 to T.11 per kilometer per tonne on the roads, T.8 to T.12 per tonne on the roads. T.10 to T.12 per tonne per kilometer for dirt roads.
He said that the Khymdeit Kur has a desire to make this forest a Sacred Grove of the Kur. If we can preserve the trees and shrubs inside this forest we can also preserve the various animals which in these days many species have disappeared from the forest. because of the widespread destruction of the forests.
The Association is trying to find ways and means to get a proper Badminton ground and training ground, so that we can hold trainings and tournaments.
The BJP, which is expected to be the leading party to win the Telangana elections, has appeared to be ahead of the Congress in the fight against the ruling party. The Bharat Rashtra Samithi (BRS) led by the Chief Minister, K Chandrasekhar Rao, has been lagging behind as it has not yet selected its candidates for the upcoming elections. empowering leaders and organizational members for resilience.
However, when he had continued to prove to himself that he had not died at all and that he was alive and that he had been completely freed from the drunkenness; Therefore, these guards of the cemetery, said plainly, that he was dead, but because he wanted too much to go home, they allowed him to go and see his wife for the last time.
Thanlang Phawa, MBOSE-60.50%, Wapung Secondary School, Wapung.
The meeting also discussed how to preserve and strengthen the culture which is the most important issue of the district councils.
Speaking on the selflessness of Indiara Gandhi, Dr. Mukul Sangma reminded that it is an honor to remember the heroes of the country like Pandit Nehru and Indira.
Police have registered a case under Section 506 of the IPC at Ladrymbai Out Post.
"What if we are Christians, Muslims or any other faith... are we not the heirs of this great country India? In our custom of Christians, Muslims, the body is buried underground. , the earth must be broken into the grave, otherwise the ritual will not be complete. Therefore, where shall we go to live here ?
There are some old people who say that during the reign of Syiem Sati Raja, there was still a khla in the forest that could be seen by the public as a ryngkew basa during the religious ceremonies of the Raij Mawbuh.
We leave it to the intellectuals and patriots of Ri-Khasi to further develop this field.
Download it as a pdf on your mobile.
Ma Donkupar Synkrem Chairman LYSA conducted a short meeting with the Village Leaders of Lion.
Therefore, if it is necessary to distinguish between rhyming and free verse, 'thohmiat' can be mentioned as salonsar including naphang and 'thohmiatara' for rhyming verses.
Jowai, July 20: The 3rd Place Football Tournament of the 3rd Sniawbhalang Football Tournament was held today at the Wahiajer Stadium.
Jowai, July 17: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) led by its President Laitphar Syngkrem and General Secretary Leningrad Tariang today met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District. Bah B.S.Sohliya (IAS), after the Seng found that the Assam government has not taken into account the talks with the Meghalaya government after the tragic incident on 22/11/2
Khliehriat, Naitung 22: The General Secretary of the Voice of the People's Party (VPP), Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon on Saturday said that money is only a servant and cannot be the master of man. for thou hast made it.
He said that the preparations for the election of the candidate in the constituencies have started.
A leader of a prominent country was asked, what do you see as the most important need in your country at this time? He replied that it is a need that all countries of the world expect.
On the AITC's allegations of corruption against the MDA government, Sangma said that people living in street houses should not throw stones at the houses of other people.
PSP Chief Joao Freire told reporters that police found four bodies after arriving at the scene.
Police declined to comment on the signs of injuries and said they are still waiting for the post mortem report.
Of the T.12 crore, up to 70 percent has been spent.
Shillong: Leaders of the All Jaintia Midday Meal Workers Union (AMU) today staged a protest to demand a salary increase from the government. and he gave him ten thousand pieces of silver.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: The BJP leaders on Tuesday said that they have now found the reason for the backwardness of Meghalaya and the reason is because the Congress-led Meghalaya government is too slow to They take only 40% of the schemes or projects from the central government and after that they don't use the remaining 60% and start proposing a new project, in order to get the new 40%.
Such actions not only violate the laws, but also destroy those people who have the desire.
Shillong: Two youths have drowned in the Umtyngngar River today.
“I am grateful and respectful to Bah Lapang until today, in Ri-Bhoi we call him the father of Ri-Bhoi and it was he and the Congress party who created the district for Ri-Bhoi, but “I wish Bah Lapang to retire from politics from today and take good care of his health. I wish him good health and long life,” said the President of the MPCC. Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh while talking to reporters.
“The MPCC has been directed to restructure and replace office bearers in all departments,” said Bah Lapang.
On the other hand, Tbn.TL Rapmai offered a special prayer for these youths to continue to progress in serving the work of the Lord.
The government has immediately taken the necessary action to repair especially the damage related to crops, property, roads, bridges, water supply and even electricity,” he said. The Minister also congratulated the security forces such as the Air Force, BSF and others who have worked tirelessly during these times.
The spirit of parajait parakhong, parakur parakha is still strong in the Khasi society and in other ethnic groups, but among the Dkhar Bengalis they value religion more than the nation.
Bah Kharkongor won from KHNAM in 2005 and 2009 to KHADC. “He left in 2012 to join the UDP with me.
All 7 of them are married to her.
The CSAWA from Ampati has alleged that the MDC has temporarily abandoned the project which should have connected many villages near the border with Bangladesh.
In 2021, due to the outbreak of COVID-19 across the country and the economic disruption, the Government of India announced the implementation of the Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Anna Yojana (PM -GKAY) for the two months from June 2021 and July 2021 at a cost of T.26,602 crore, which is similar to PMGKAY
See how they earn money and how they support their families through various government assistance programs and missions to improve agriculture.
Shillong: The deaths today are Morit Swer (48) of Khliehriat East, Siljrang D Sangma (9), Dopgre, West Garo Hills, Ma Kmenlang Sutnga (58), Sutnga Pohshnong. Ma Dawanmi Mulieh, 32, is from Ialong, Jowai.
Lav also appealed to those who have been in contact with him to take care of their health before the health department starts searching for those who have been in contact with him.
The Minister informed about the measures taken by the Government of Meghalaya for Laitryngew Village by saying; “Our priority is to transform through the implementation of projects and initiatives to improve the quality of life of the residents.
It has won 8 times, drawn 3 times and lost 10 times.
Shillong: Shillong received 5.6mm of rainfall, Sohra 7.4mm and Umiam 4.8mm.
On July 6, the High Court had strongly suspected that it was people from Assam who were running illegal coal mining and illegal coke factories in Meghalaya.
The Government departments have given a sufficient explanation that they cannot ask for the information collected by the ASHAs,” said Kong Kharjana.
SC Sadhu, who has been appointed as DC East Khasi Hills for more than two months, has been appointed as DC East Khasi Hills after the 2023 MLA election.
The students appealed to the parents, youth and children to join hands so that their demand will be successful for the benefit of all. .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said that those who have been fully vaccinated are also infected with the disease, as are others. , which had not been injected at all.
“Why do I tell you to proceed with the auction of 32 lakh metric tonnes as ordered by the Supreme Court?
Meghalaya has also been in a state of shock as the number of drug users has increased day by day, which is a matter of great concern.
They came forward carrying sticks, poles to protect themselves and their daughters/daughters.
Marpna said that instead of talking or trying to introduce a railway line by force, it would be better for the state government to take more time to think how to implement the ILP. “Give us the ILP, we will build another railway”.
Two of them are undergoing treatment at Bethany Hospital Nongpoh, while those who suffered minor injuries are undergoing treatment at Nongpoh Civil Hospital.
We have set rules for the Police, Courts and Lawyers to expedite the provision of fair trial through 35 rules.
The tickets were sent through the Mandal President Malcolm Najiar and the ticket applications were handed over to the State President Ernest Mawrie in the presence of Dipayan Chakraborty, GS Nongbet State GS and Sherwan. Jhun jhunwala State Finance Secretary, u Pawan Sharma State Executive Member.
The match was very interesting as both the teams played well but it can be said that the mistake of Lajong, which should have scored three points, cost them, as in the end they lost. you have to share each one.
They also expressed their dissatisfaction that the BJP continues to support the corrupt and exploitative National People's Party in the state.
There he sat down opposite.
Health is in the hands of the individual to take care of his or her own life, moreover it depends on the power of nature.
Speaking on the occasion, Rahul Gandhi explained the purpose of the Bharat Jodo Nyan Yatra by pointing out the opposition of the RSS. Pradesh has not listened, there is a violation of the customs and traditions of the RSS,” he said.
The AIM urges the people of Ri-Bhoi and Umsning especially the market dwellers, day labourers, farmers, government employees, and others to The future of our heritage, which will come forward by working together as one foundation in unity to build the foundation as a people who should live freely.
Earlier, Sonitpur constituency was known as Tezpur constituency, but it has changed after the reorganization of the constituencies.
There are 134,300 cases in 121 countries.
However, the two police chiefs are still at the same place.
“At present, tourists to the state don't want to eat food bought from abroad but want to eat food produced from our own state and wine is one of them. those who come from the bar want to drink," he said.
Government officials in the country said the death toll from the earthquake on Thursday could rise as many of them could not be fully traced, especially in those areas where the earthquake was first affected.
I support the statement of this man that if the government can do so, the 100/200 days will be implemented to strengthen the agriculture sector.
bym biej bor.
He said they are also talking to doctors from Apollo, Hyderabad and other hospitals.
Using this talented, thinking, young and future-ready force is an important task.
He said that Ri Bhoi District, which produces many sportsmen and women sportsmen, needs to have a Multi Sports Complex especially at Madan Kurkalang. Umroi Airport has the right to get proper stadiums and has been informed to the government for a long time, but it is surprising that the stadiums have reached Ampati and Tura before Kurakalang Stadium. which was certainly entitled to proper stadiums, he added.
The demands of the union today to the Chief Secretary are to demand the construction of halls in Shillong and in various District Head Quarters in the state. show Khasi movies.
This incident from the Reservation Policy should warn the MLAs not to take stingy the job of being a member of the Legislative Assembly.
The House also witnessed the presentation of the reports of various government agencies.
The Minister of State and Chairman of the Regional Committee for West Khasi Hills District, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, will lead the delegation from Meghalaya. Chandra Mohan Patowary will lead the Assam team.
Therefore, the union urged the SDO to investigate and arrest the people who delivered these bombs to those people who like to commit this illegal act in this river.
So the child has to steal, Don't send an arrow; If the bomb explodes, So he doesn't dare.
Another point he mentioned was the steps he has taken to create opportunities for the youth in employment.
Shillong: The Shillong Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders Forum (KJCLF) today held a special prayer with various youth leaders. in society.
Preparations for the opening ceremony of the 5th Meghalaya Games 2024 are in full swing with all the participants arriving in Tura on Sunday morning.
The four MDCs who joined the NPP are Ismail Marak, Mark Goera B Marak, Kennedy S Marak and Rupert Sangma.
The Minister of State for Child Development was accompanied by Nongpoh MLA, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MDC Nongpoh. , Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhayaya and other officers from Ri Bhoi District.
U Bah Kenesjune L.Nonglait as the chief guest, adding that as a leader, he is pleased to see that the youth are coming forward to participate in such sports, because through these tournaments within the villages will be a way to reach other parts of the district or even to participate at the state level and within the country.
He said that Indrajit Gupta Ji has served for nearly 43 years in the Legislative Assembly and Shafiqur Rahman has served for 93 years.
Leaders who did not turn up to vote included James PK Sangma, Sniawbhalang Dhar of the National People's Party (NPP), Marthon Sangma and Shitlang Pale of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC). ).
He said that during the tenure of Dr. Mukul Sangma as Chief Minister, up to 10,000 petitions have been sent to him and the Chief Minister of the state to give up their rights but they have done nothing.
“Earlier, the MBoSE had invited the teachers to discuss the books issued by the Board and we have given our support to the Board to see if they are sufficient or not to take the books. schools.
The Army and Assam Rifles are on patrol to prevent any clashes and there are currently 4,000 people in various shelters, schools, government offices and residences. The army also, after the incident.
Lawei Smit SC won the final match of the Shillong Women's League, while the match between Maw U-Tieng SC and Madanrting FC ended. in a 1-1 draw.
Shillong: The MLA of Malki-Laitumkhrah Constituency, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, today said that Meghalaya is still lacking in women empowerment. Aadhaar has been issued across the state.
Before the HITO decided to proceed with the march, the law enforcement agencies or magistrates had banned all the members of the union and the public by allowing only 4 or 5 people. There was a strong opinion that they didn't accept their proposal, but the party said that if they take the road, they will stand firm. and so the Magistrates listened silently without daring to say anything.
" she sang.
According to the NCPCR, the cost of education in India in 2017-18 was T.18,267 per child in private schools. The 12,904 Christian schools across India have 54,86,884 students or earn T.10,022.89 crore from these students.
In reply, Mawlynnong Fighters failed to tied the balls bowled by Symper and scored only 83 runs for the loss of all wickets in 12.1 overs.
The Israeli government has sent troops to the West to fight to retake areas attacked by Hamas.
KHLIEHRIAT: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle on Monday visited the Dalmia Cement Bharat Limited factory in Thangskai East Jaintia Hills to immediately stop the plan to register Aadhaar names of hundreds of foreign workers. bylla in this factory.
When the children speak to him, he understands but he does not know how to answer in Khasi.
At this meeting, it was understood that there will be a proposal from the KHADC leaders to urge the Central Government to allocate funds to the ADCs from the Consolidated Fund under Article 275 (1) of the Constitution. It was approved by the members of the 14th Finance Commission.
Shillong, March 31: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today attended the closing ceremony of the Wild Life Week
The Vice President of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah, said that at the meeting of the political parties, it was announced that the call for applications should be postponed because while the application process is being discussed, it cannot be that the appointment cannot be made. spirit can go on.
Adelbert said the government can use the old nar bridge to relieve traffic jam as the Umiam bridge is under repair.
As soon as the door was opened, the Riewsaid saw him and immediately called him inside.
Since the time before we lost our independence in terms of Khadar rule by the Syiems, Doloi, Lyngdohs and others in the foreign government and also when we lost the name 'Ghazi' as it used to be called. We are the Khasi Jaintia people from all over the world.
This scheme is designed for the people living in rural areas in remote areas especially in the Integrated Village Cooperative Societies of Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
The SSA teachers have decided to continue their strike after the deadline given by the union to the State Government has expired on 30th November 2021 to implement the demands of the union. sent to the State Government.
Jowai, June 09: The HITO Umjalasiaw Unit today launched the HITO Umjalasiaw Unit in order to expand its working branch.
Therefore, today in honor of the Judge who has passed away in the house of God, let us follow the advice we have received from the Lyngdohsad to keep the surroundings clean and not to pollute. to nature.
Shillong, Naitung 7: Earlier, Ardent Basaiawmoit, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), has been accused of corruption in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The EC has also set up a committee to investigate the matter.
It was stressed that any act that violates the MCC or undermines the voter registration process will be punished by the Commission.
Speaking to Rupang, DL Rymbai said that he and some of his colleagues will have to go back to the court with another PIL on the relocation of the block. The school was built in Khliehriat.
YOUR LONGKMIE VOTE FOR YOU AND DO NOT VOTE FOR YOU.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: The Jaintia Students Union Shillong Circle invites all the students and workers of Shillong Circle to attend the General Meeting of the 7th Jaintia Meet The organization holds its annual meeting in Shillong.
It is far away from this earth or from other heavenly bodies.
It is understood that during the meeting, Bah Antonio was a little disappointed about the absence of his name but he said that it was the household business of the Congress. they didn't announce it.
Speaking to media, Teinwel said that everyone knows who has turned away and the parties should think about this.
He said that the meeting also discussed the need to install CCTV cameras inside the hospital to know what happens especially when such an incident occurs.
The main purpose of the camp is to promote understanding among the residents of different parts of the country and to bring about unity and solve the problems. There is a difference of opinion among the people of the country.
Other sources said that the central government has informed the Meghalaya government that it does not want to call for talks with the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA).
(3) To strictly control the factory areas:- We have seen that most of the workers in factories in Meghalaya are from UP, Bihar, West Bengal and Bangladesh.
The 1st Division Football Tournament of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) started on Tuesday at the Artificial Turf Stadium at Diengshynrum, Khliehriat.
Alba has made 450 appearances for the club, scoring 27 goals and assisting 91 times.
I hope that the authorities will take action on this issue to ensure a clean and transparent election,” Mominin said in a statement.
However, the letter of appointment that Raju gave to Sona was false.
The victim was identified as Bah Nevershon Nongkseh, 40 years old.
In Meghalaya we have two National Parks, one Reserve Forest and one Bird Sanctuary in Garo Hills while in Khasi Hills we have only one Wildlife Sanctuary in Ri-bhoi District.
On July 17, 1962, Father Matta conducted the Cross prayer alone.
Certificates were also distributed by the Chief Guest and the Chief Guest to several candidates who have completed the NRA National Judges Course (Rifle & Pistol).
At this meeting, it was decided to hold village announcements and to send information to all those who may leave on that day, so that they can understand the curfew especially for tourists and those who beat treatments or emergencies.
Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi has decided to resign from the post of Chief Minister after the Congress defeat in the state in the 2014 MP elections.
312 Youth Coaches will be recruited in Meghalaya free of charge.
But here too it will not end, for after these things, Jesus will rule and judge for 1000 years.
He said that the government's schemes to build fish ponds, fish farming, agar trees, rice farming are meaningless, because people just want to get government schemes but there are only a few who end up. Another thing is that the government scheme is small and doesn't have any benefits.
Brook also scored 56 and 12 unbeaten runs as England won by 10 wickets and Pope was named Player of the Match. for his first innings which he managed to score 205.
Under the Prime Minister's Agriculture Sinchayee Yojana (PMKSY)- Har Khet Ko Pani (HKKP), 42 ongoing projects have been implemented to maintain and maintain the necessary water sources.
Dakani Shylla was named Player of the Match after scoring two goals.
To seek knowledge does not depend on the size of the card, but on hard work and strong will.
The reason for the collapse of the well is due to the flow of water and garbage from the PWD road. by rain.
The Government said it will declare another 200 fish sanctuaries within the next five years and this has been implemented in collaboration with local authorities, organizations and groups.
Tyrsad Umkseh SC will start their first match against Langsning Sports Club on Tuesday and their final match against Umrit SC on July
The winners of the consolation price include Allayna Alvey Pathaw (dance), Heiwanbha Dkhar (football), Cylinia Mary Thongni (dance), Fenella Lahun Ryntathiang (magic) and Charemiki War (acting).
“We strongly condemn this brutal act of the Assam Police and demand that the four innocent residents of Mukroh village should get justice,” he said.
o/c Lumdiengjri PS -0364-2548151, i/c police control room, Shillong -0364-2222214/2222215.
He said that the entry of the Umroi MDC into one of the villages of Mawpun Kshaid Village is not without the knowledge of the village authorities or without informing the village authorities. The reason why the youths were holding the car of the MDC to ask questions and one of the followers of the MDC, forced the youths and it reached the point of fighting and almost shaking hands.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Saturday resumed the issuance of Trading License to foreign shops. and in other parts of Laitumkhrah.
This is the understanding of the senior leaders that has reached Punjab, which is about to prepare for the elections, but Capt.
They also demanded that the full appointment of employees and the promotion of employees should be stopped as they have fully appointed those who are still being trained who do not have the skills.
Before the march, a prayer was held at Mawlai Kynton Massar led by Rangbah Skor Jala, Chief Priest of the Seng Khasi.
Because it is in this situation that there are too many foreign parties if the three national parties reach the goal or hold on to power in
Manipur MLA M Rameshwar Singh and Meghalaya MLA Ian Botham K Sangma along with another party leader Sushil Huidrom have been elected as co-incharge of Arunachal Pradesh and Mizoram. The meeting also elected Nagaland MLA N Nyamyei Konyak as the State President while the incumbent President Dr. Andrew Ahoto will take over. He was appointed as one of the National General Secretaries of the party.
This Act also allows him to work, farm and trade and also allows him to take over a house or place of business.
Dr Mukul said he would not remove them from office until he receives a clear decision or report on this.
However, this government has no longer considered Jowai as a necessary urban area and deserves to have the same urban development opportunities as Shillong or Tura.
After the arrest of the foreigner, the village authorities and these organizations have investigated and examined the documents of the doctor, but there were no sufficient documents. I don't know if you're a shisha doctor.
Regarding the Mawthawpdah Govt LP School, Bah Sparlindro Lyngdoh said that the reason for the closure of the school is due to the destruction of the school building of the Govt.
Dr Mohrmen in his opening remarks said that these articles are part of the program on All India Radio, Shillong and he thanked the staff of the station who encouraged him to publish these articles. .
"The founder of GreenNE Origins, Ayoshee Beriwal, is one of the entrepreneurs in the state. many foods from natural plants such as shynrai, sying, ngap, various kinds of snails, cardamom, tea spices and others.
The residents said that these trucks which use these roads, do not come in the morning, but come in the middle of the night.
Amlarem, Naitung 5: A Bolero Pick-up (No ML-04 B 0265) driven by a Greatful Rymbai collided with another vehicle at 9 pm this morning. of the heavy rainfall that night while passing through the road which passes through a small stream in this area.
They said that the information from the Public Information Act has shown that there are two vacancies in the Laitkroh Block Development Office and one in the Pynursla Block Development Office.
It is a fact that private vehicles are more numerous than commercial vehicles, and in areas where there are schools along the road, traffic jam is also very heavy, not only in Motphran and Khyndai Lad.
Jowai, June 25 : The Bethany Society Primary Unit in collaboration with the Jan Vikas Samiti, Varanasi has organized a program “We Ring the Bell Campaign” which was held on the 20th of this month at Kyndong Tuber RCLP School. Both these programs were attended by different schools along with the students, teachers and Head Teachers of these schools.
Later, the Eurasian peoples who moved eastwards mixed with the people of the Indus Valley Civilization and formed the Ancestral North Indian population.
Juhhi Tariang, a resident of Namdong, said that many residents of the area have expressed their deep sorrow that the lights were turned off during the Euro Cup football match.
This is because those with symptoms choose to stay at home and delay seeking medical care.
Pius-Marwein after being announced as the new MLA of Ranikor Constituency.
The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills has issued a notice to all those who have information about the fire. They should send their explanations regarding the fire which occurred on the night of 24th June, 2024 to the Additional District Magistrate at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong (Room No.324). ) on or before June 29, 2024.
The KSU and the Rangbah Shnongs of Langpih area today demanded from the Minister of State for Home Affairs, James K Sangma that the government should provide security forces in Langpih area to protect the people. They are located on the border with Assam including Langpih area, West Khasi Hills district.
Dr War said that out of the 38 people who tested positive for covid positive today, most of them are those who work in the market, those who sell jhur in the market and those who go to work in shops selling clothes and household goods. .
This time, the CEO said that there are 3083 polling stations as one more polling station will be opened recently.
The elders don't know what happened to our rivers.
According to sources, some of these Manipuris have received accommodation from their relatives; and others have received accommodation from the residents of the state.
Police have also launched investigation into the incident.
Shillong, March 5: A youth from Dawki village has been stabbed by a BSF soldier on the afternoon of the 1st of this month. On the same day, a student from the village, Kyrshan Ryngksai, has gone to Wah Umngot at the place where the BSF troops are stationed. India and Bangladesh have been trading from one side of the border to the other.
On the other hand, the land owners demanded that the government should immediately release Kong Agnes.
On the 4th of November, the body of a child was found at Law-Ap, Nongstoin in West Khasi Hills.
You can also treat the infected tree by applying the following medicines: 10 gallons of rice, 10 gallons of shun, 4 gallons of water.
There is also the fact that our Khasi Jaintia is ashamed to work on the streets because he is ashamed when people see him working on the streets , 4000 people were killed on the road from Ummulong to Nartiang.
The letter of the 1000 teachers of govt LP schools that you have already dismissed, you have not received yet.
A meeting between the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, SC Sadhu on the 13th of this month with the members of the Mawlai Town Dorbar (MTD) and the Mawlai Pyllun Youth Wing (SSMP) has decided to close down the Mawlai Town Dorbar (MTD). Road Show and Car Rally in 15-Mawlai Constituency.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said that the establishment of this Center in Khliehriat will help many of the youth of the district, where they can discuss any issues. He said that this center will help those who are addicted to alcohol and food and in this center you can also get to explanations and encouragements.
In the 78th minute, Telangana turned the tide through Alige Sushanthika.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today wrote to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma regarding the government's continued use of Rapid Diagnostic Test (RDT) equipment for the examination. I'm not sure if I'm infected with the corona virus.
To select the places, entry and exit points, parking places in consultation with the BDOs. Car passes will be issued by the Department of Agriculture and the BDOs. only those who have a car pass.
In West Garo Hills, there are six cases including three high risk cases, one screening case and two returnees.
Shillong, March 16 : The State Government has appointed a Magisterial Inquiry into the fire that broke out on the 14th of this month at Police Bazar.
Lis manki scored 100 out of 100 in Health Education-100, Khasi-90, Mathematics-98, Science & Technology-98, Social Studies-96 and English
Bah Nongtdu said that this block, which was opened in 2022, has 56 villages and now these villages are in trouble where to go, the government has already taken over the houses, but it was shut.
Shillong: Mawphlang MLA SK Sunn on Tuesday said that Dr WR Kharlukhi will not betray the people when he wins as MP to the Rajya Sabha.
As part of strengthening the basis for evidence on allegations of irregularities under the Mid-Day Meal Scheme, now known as Prime Minister Poshan Shakti Nirman (PM-Poshan), The BJP has ordered the State Crime Branch to investigate the case.
In the same year he was awarded the Degree of Doctor of Divinity (D.D.) from Ripon University, Wisconsin, USA. and produce extensive documentation.
In the calls for talks from time to time, the government has promised to pay but it has not been done.
In this ritual, the children of Niamtre prepare for the coming of the Lord from above to come down to earth to stay for four days and three nights (Soo Sngi Le Iaw) with the children of Hynniaw Wasa and Hynniaw Wasung.
" said Ma Pariat.
“On the other hand, the party strongly condemns those involved in this incident and appeals for peace and stability.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday welcomed the flag raising ceremony of Conrad Sangma, Prestone Tynsong, Dasakhiat Lamare and Lakmen Rymbui at Pynursla on November 13, The issues of the Pynursla area and the Khasi people as a whole.
Najim said that after these families came to him and these families went to the office of the BDO Jirang to discuss the matter but the sad thing is that the BDO did not When they tried to talk to him by phone, he said that he would not be inside the office as he had to complete other duties and could not come to work these days.
Following this incident, on the 9th of this month, Goalpara Police Station informed that a child has been abducted by robbers in West Garo Hills District.
Nonglatem and Risingsun Mukhla have qualified for the quarter finals of the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
He said that Non Cooperative Movements should be formed and Non Cooperative Movements should be formed immediately.
She supports her children by selecting mawsleit in the coal mines and earns about 300-400 tyngka a day.
He urged the buyers, including agricultural products, not to use cheating methods by cutting and cutting kilos according to the weight.
“Those involved in the fight against the Sordar are only a few but not all the villagers,” said Bah Lumjingsuk Nongspung, Rangbah Shnong of Lumrit.
Conrad said he will send the plan to the Forum for discussion and will direct the Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang, who is the Chairman of the District Planning Committee, to look into it. Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Prime Minister, the Secretary of the SDDF, Bah John W. Thabah, said that the meeting was very successful. , as the Prime Minister has given ample time and listened carefully to the explanation of the Forum.
Dapalei Warjri, entrepreneur and Pynshngain Kharbuli, a dancer were also honoured.
Rimonlang Sumer scored the first goal for Dhana SC in the 63rd minute.
But now there is no one to accept it.
Application forms will be distributed from 6th November to 18th November during working hours and the deadline for submission of application forms will be 28th November.
These include 5 new cases.
Although Shillong Lajong have lost in this match, there is still one match left, while this match will be the last for Seven United in the MSL 2023, although they have not won a title. Shillong Lajong have won 2 points and drawn 3 times to get 9 points, while Shillong Lajong have 10 points.
Someone asked me, why didn't you sell it for 100 or 1000 pieces of silver? Indeed, even if Judas offered 1,000 pieces of silver, he could easily have betrayed Jesus to those bloodthirsty chief priests and elders.
Craig, who is a South African and has served for nearly 25 years, will now join his new team soon after completing all the necessary arrangements. to be completed for confirmation in the profession.
Long Bait 16.
In 2019, this ban will be seven years old and there are thousands of people who have suffered,” said the union.
At present, Meghalaya uses only the Central Government's Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act 1985 (NDPS Act).
We urge the youth of the country to come forward with a strong spirit to demand their rights in various fields without fear,” said a statement signed by Donbok Dkhar, President of the party.
Dear friends in the Lord Jesus, we too need God to teach us to fight and not to trust in our own wisdom or strength.
This Riewkhraw, says, “Trust the little ones because in them is the power”.
In his speech, Ma Frederick Synnah congratulated these two organizations for their spirit of serving the people with disabilities.
“We have met with the Minister on this issue, where we have been appointed to manage the Crinoline Dam but until now this work has not been completed because there is insufficient agreement.
Lion Sports & Youth Affairs in collaboration with SC Nangbah.
In East Garo Hills, there are 16 cases including 11 high risk cases and 5 cases from SBI Williamnagar cluster.
He said that the government does not have the money to pay the salaries of teachers and small employees, but it pays lakhs of rupees per month to these MLAs who have won the elections.
In addition to her participation in the beauty pageant, Irene is a student with a Bachelor's degree in English.
Of these, 1984 cases are pending before the courts in different districts.
The government's concealment of the names on the grounds of avoiding stigmatization is unfounded because it has been witnessed that as soon as the villagers announce positive, those who know them and those who may be stigmatized are already aware of them. They are the ones who cannot be stigmatized if they are not recognized.
Speaking at a public awareness meeting on drugs organized by the HYC Mawlai circle, Bah Kharkrang said, “Last year we found that even young boys and girls are using drugs. baffling and a cause for concern" he said.
U/s 7 (i) and 7 (ii) of the Acts (10) Meghalaya BENAMI TRANSACTION ACT 1980, failure to comply with ei ei and long although the State Government has acknowledged that the Marriage Act has been enacted and implemented since , however, it has been observed that non-tribal chiefs, besides their husbands, have married (polygamy or begamy) to foreigners and entered into contracts, supply in the name of tribal husbands and these two laws have not been implemented. Why didn't the Hynniewtrep Business Syndicate file a complaint with the State Government? (ii) The District Council has a Labor Service License Permit Act 1983, which was implemented in 2007 by the KHADC but the KHADC has not passed the Labor Service License Permit Act The three-year contract with the private sector to issue Labor License to foreigners has been a mistake and a violation of the Sixth Schedule Act. The KHADC (Authority) has the authority to take responsibility for the proper implementation of the Police Verification, as the License is not a commodity to be auctioned to private contractors for profit.
Therefore, FKJGP MAWPREM CIRCLE will fight against these people if the government intends or uses force to do what the residents and neighboring villages do not like. village man la por.
Of all these methods of planting, the last was found to be the best; the yield of pai from such planting is the best.
He also congratulated those children who have received this syrnod for their progress in various fields.
Shillong, July 29: The North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) today released the results of the Final B.Com (Pass) and Final B.Com (Honours) results.
The spectators were afraid of what had happened before the start of the tournament.
Guwahti: The Assam State Legislative Assembly, which is scheduled to start from 31st July 2020, has been checked before the session. Secretariat, who has been infected with covid
The NRC is a document that shows the total number of Indians in Assam.
According to the RTI, the person was appointed as a causal worker and paid, but the surprising thing is how the person was appointed without the bill and order issued by the state government on the 11th. July 2013 under the Minimum Wages Act 1948 (Act XI of 1948) does not match the salary paid and the position appointed to this person.
One of those signs is the resurrection of the Israelites to their country or kingdom in 1948 AD. This Jesus had already foretold by saying – Learn the parable of the fig tree, when the branch became tender and brought forth fruit. , You know.
The brothers and sisters did not dare to fight at all because the law explained by the French empowered women to own all the property, especially the youngest child.
He congratulated the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma, Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, incumbent Sports Minister Shakliar Warjri and former Minister Banteidor Lyngdoh. officers of the State Sports Council, Village Leaders and Laban Women's and Youth Wing.
Therefore, as a sign of gratitude, the Federation of Exporters and Traders (FTCCM) wishes her good health and continued service to the people wherever she works.
Regarding the decision to re-appoint Torry Dkhar, she said that the Jio company through the manager has decided to re-appoint her and she should work for 15 days. 1 month with a salary of 4000 tyngka.
“Through the development of the students in sports, it will give and help a healthy brain, mind and body,” said Bah Laloo.
Shillong: The Tourism Promoter Trekking Society, Wahkhen will soon conduct a cleaning drive on the 2nd Jan 2021 on the trekking route to Mawryngkhang Trekking Spot after the improvement of the trekking route. it is now about 2 months old.
Jowai, Jymmang 1: An SBI ATM in Ladthadlaboh, Mookyrdup, Jowai has escaped from being robbed by a group of robbers who came to rob the ATM to steal the money. The ATM has a value of T.18lak.
In a statement, the president of the union, Bah N Lanong, said that many muster roll workers have not received their salaries since October and also the arrear.
Shillong, November 11: The North East Students Organization (NESO) has announced that the 11th November of November will be the 11th of November. The Parliament of India passed the Citizen (Amendment) Bill in 2019 which has now become an Act.
In 2021, the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui told the media that the salary increase of Adhoc school teachers cannot match that of Government school teachers as the Government will have to The cost of the project is T.251 crore.
