In this regard, it was proposed to implement VHFs to provide communication between the Damsite and the Power House.
In the last season of the 131st tournament, India captain Sunil Chhetri won the title after beating Mumbai FC. City FC beat Vivekananda Yuba Bharati Krirangan (VYBK) Kolkata 2-1 in the final.
It is a beautiful life and encourages other young people to walk and reach the goal of achieving a good dream in life.
These phans are exported to all parts of the country including Assam.
If you don't have the right to ride a bicycle, you don't have to ride a bicycle.
Hunlang Rymbai, MBOSE-60.66%, Tuber Sewing Mark Govt.
The defender has also played for Treviso, Pisa, Genoa and Bari before joining Juventus in 2010, and playing alongside Andrea Barzagli and Giorgio Chiellini. and goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon, who have also been the biggest club in Italy in recent decades.
Shillong: The EM incharge of Taxation Department, KHADC, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday urged the state government to take action against the use of plastic.
The Lawei Phyrnai Organization (LAOO) has invited the people of Ri Bhoi and the state to attend the festival. There will also be a Lucky Draw organized by the Lawei Baphyrnai Organization.
So far, these women said that they have been trained with the Lamjingshai Manbha Foundation Organization.
In this regard, the residents demanded that a proper road should be provided in these three villages, so that the residents can avoid the problem of traffic, transportation. .
Police are still withholding the name of the arrested man but it is said that he is one of those involved in the shooting of Khasi children.
“We see that the Give and Take Policy is one of the best ways to resolve this issue, but we also welcome any suggestions on this issue in order to resolve this border dispute. “It's been a long time,” said Bah Renik who confirmed that the Committee is ready to listen to what the people living in these border areas have to say. they will choose where they want to be and become citizens.
Of these, about 58 patients were infected with H3N2 virus.
They speak their own language, have their own way of life, their own dates and customs.
The best weapon to fight this disease is only a complete understanding of the world's mind and our individual responsibility.
He said that election is election because even if he wins three times, he will have to work hard and fight hard.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Saturday visited the two-day Rongma Eco Tourism Festival at Kharkutta, North Garo Hills.
““After the establishment of the President's rule, an investigation should be conducted to find out those involved in the incitement and incitement to this incident.
The NPP has not yet announced its candidates for the South Shillong constituency led by BJP MLA Sanbor Shullai and the Mairang constituency led by UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh. to fight.
We were also taken to Delhi to see the equipment, prices and she gave us a lot of advice,” said Banteilang.
It is not long before the Ri Khasi of our country will become a shynrong.
Announcing this to the public, Kong Ampareen said that this announcement does not mean that the public should be afraid of syier, as it is a disease that has been experienced and passed through in the past years.
If the team writer writes more money for a number, the dividend will also increase according to the number.
There are reports that about 670,000 people have been infected with the virus in the eastern Pakistani city of Lahore.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, KSU Mawlai Organizing Secretary Bah A.Basa Iawmoit said that these Dkhars were arrested because they did not have proper documents to work in the state.
I don't know what will happen especially to the female polling officials when there is no public transport.
Speaking at the ceremony, Bah Wanphrang Syiem, Sirdar of Nongpoh Sirdarship, said that the ceremony is a custom and tradition. according to the District Council Act on the election of Village Leaders and is also part of the preservation of our customs and traditions.
Furthermore, the Championship is only for players from the NorthEast Region.
Bah Ïuroi said that there is a shortage of traffic in the Saw Furlong to Polo area due to the road but in other areas above the Polo Towers, the traffic jam is still heavy. It also causes problems to the people especially the sick because the road is too long and winding.
In the Khasi folklore there are such stories and is there any explanation that they are not the same ones that God created and placed on Earth as mentioned in Genesis 1:26-2
On the other hand, the Executive Body of Mynsngat Village has accepted that the non-issuance of certificates to the Waheh Shnong from these days, has some evil intention behind it.
The NGT issued the order after hearing a complaint by environmental lawyer Naba Bhattacharjee on the threat of pollution of the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers on Friday.
The Supreme Court has not yet taken action on this,” he said.
“Balajiedkupar has seen the work of his father, and he has also been involved in politics with his father.
The meeting was also attended by groups that support the road.
The team has set up a rest area inside the Dirang Football Ground, the team has set up a rest area at Mawrapar Stadium (Lum Iawpaw).
He said that the 22nd of the BJP chief's visit to Shillong may also be the day of talks between politicians who intend to join the BJP and party president Amit Shah.
HYC West Khasi Hills Leader Reddy Fernandy Sun said that before the rally, they will hold a procession from the State Bank of India (SBI) Nongstoin Branch. They will hold a public meeting at Spengthawlangmlah at 12 noon until they reach New Nongstoin Market Complex.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: The SSSS has elected new office bearers for the term 2014-2019 at its meeting held today at Jaiaw Lumpyllon Community Hall.
According to Bah Martam, the couple had left the four-storey house before the fire broke out at 4.20 pm. Their house has not yet caught fire, but they have forgotten something inside, they have entered again and unfortunately, when they tried to go down again, the wooden staircase, which led to the room where they were staying. and the fourth part was cut off, because of the flames of the fire.
Nongkhnum Beach, Thum Thum Valley, Weinia Valley or Lynshiang Valley are located in the area passing through Lawse. attracting more tourists from all over the state and the world.
The Committee also congratulated the Executive Committee led by Bah HS Shylla, for their hard work in preparing the Clan Bill and for taking the initiative to convene the Kur Meeting on the 13th of this month. month to discuss this Bill.
Speech was also delivered by Bah LC War Adviser of the organization and thanked the Dorbar Shnong Nongmensong for giving permission to hold this programme.
Jowai, Jymmang 27: The Modern Bi-Species Abattoir (Modern Bi-Species Abattoir) in Demthring West Jaintia Hills District has been inaugurated by Bah AL Hek (MLA) who is also The Minister of AH & Veterinary on 19th November 2023, has started working today on 27th June 2023 by providing training to meat farmers.
The committee sends a special prayer to the husband, children, grandchildren, brothers and sisters and all those related to him.
As the world is preparing to celebrate the World No Tobacco Day (WNTD) 2024, Meghalaya is also preparing for this celebration to get rid of the addiction to tobacco. through the theme 'My Meghalaya, Tobacco-Free Meghalaya.
If we have so many problems, what will be the future of our children?
Shillong, Lber 16: The Chief Minister's Scheme for Social Assistance (Scheme for Social Assistance) has been implemented by the Government of Myanmar.
Players can send their entry fee through any mode of payment to their bank account (Meghalaya Chess Association GS Road, Police Bazar, Shillong) IFSC Code: SBIN0000181)After the players have paid the entry fee, they should take a screenshot of the payment and the transaction ID and send it to this WhatsApp No.: 9485350410 (K Pajat), along with the following information including
He said it has been noticed that in the past few weeks people are reluctant to get treatment in hospitals or health centers due to many reasons related to Covid-19.
Wherever they go, they accuse the leaders of the country and the nation of corruption, but they themselves teach such teachings,” she said.
“The presence of the ICG in Ratacherra is useless because they don't take care to check the authorities who pass through this area into the state without proper documents,” said Syrosse Lamare.
It was also seen that there was a fire truck at the scene while they were celebrating puja.
“We urge the people to cooperate with us in this regard.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, has issued an order to ban the spread of the disease due to the presence of a person infected with Covid-1 JB Textile at Police Bazaar, then Qtr No-P11/3B, GPO Quarter at GPO Compound and then the ground floor of Ram Krishna Mission at Sohra.
The worst thing is that parents don't have time for their children.
At the same time, the group has sold up to 100 million records.
Under this partnership, EaseMyTrip will offer Vi users a variety of benefits in booking airline, hotel, train, bus and taxi tickets through the Vi App.
“This demon worship goes hand in hand with alcohol abuse which causes evil,” said the Archbishop.
The oversupply of money has led to the monopoly on these expensive commodities and this has increased the price of land where even government employees and farmers are facing difficulties. they find it difficult to buy even their small foundation.
If it is until bloodshed, others will trust in him.
The MDCs in the opposition said in the House that the ruling party has been in short supply, but the Chairman has not allowed them to hold power, because according to the rules they have to bring in by the right to vote, to dissolve the EC or to vote in the House.
When contacted by this reporter, some of the people in charge of the hostel said that many of the residents of the hostel are not MDCs but are the people of the MDCs who have stayed.
Shillong: There have been 103 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills today, of which 38 are high risk contacts, 3 are from the Armed Forces, 4 cases from Barapathar cluster, 1 case from Jhalupara cluster, 3 cases from Laban cluster, 3 cases from Khyndailad cluster, 2 cases from Keating Road cluster, 3 cases from Kench Trace cluster, 9 cases from Mawprem cluster, 4 cases from Nongmynsong cluster and 3 cases from Rilbong cluster.
Regarding the registration fee for Khasi women, there are some residents of Ri Bhoi who have not received the registration fee, some have been removed and some have only asked for certificates from the Khasi Women. the village they came from.
l Rs 1200 crore has been allocated for the construction of the Administrative Complex including the new Secretariat and offices of the Directorates.
“We need to pray for those souls who have died from Covid-19 and also for the speedy recovery of those who are still suffering from this disease,” he said. The Directorate of Information and Public Relations of the State Government to make this information public to all the citizens.
The freedom of foreign vehicles to travel wherever they want has killed the income of taxi drivers in the state, said Bah Jyrwa.
“Tomorrow we will hold a meeting of the elders in Sohra to discuss the matter,” said Bah Rang.
“After we take the senior decision, we see the people’s appetite for change," he said.
The protest against environmental degradation started in October this year when groups and school children staged a mass protest.
The story of the final between the villages in the village, is that the first half of the match ended in a 0-0 draw, but in the second half of the match, the Rangia players from the village. Lum Thurih had the opportunity to score two goals, while Dong Mawkapiah, managed to score only one goal, which led to Dong Lumthurih, to beat Mawkapiah 2-1
IIM Shillong has signed social agreements with the Mizoram Youth Commission, the Government of Arunachal Pradesh and Manipur University as part of the NEP improvement of working methods between educational institutions in the North East.
In another development, Nongstoin PS today arrested two youths for allegedly being involved in the blast of a petrol bomb at a foreigner's shop in Bishnupur. The shopkeeper was seriously injured and is undergoing treatment in Guwahati.
The time has come for those who have a strong sense of responsibility to unite.
They were taken before the court which decided to remand them for five days.
He said this at a meeting to express his condolences to the family of Bah Roningstar Nongkynrih, who was shot dead by the BSF on 5th June the city of Mawshun.
Shillong: The people of Meghalaya are still waiting for the Central Government to approve the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state. The MDA Government has admitted that every time they meet with the Home Minister, Amit Shah, they never forget to talk to him and express to him that the state wants to get the ILP. Speaking to reporters on Friday, 13th July 2022, MPCC President Vincent H Pala said that the central government has been working hard to improve the quality of education in the country. He said that he has no intention of approving the implementation of the ILP in the state and the decision of the state government or other previous governments, whether it is a decision related to various issues. Within the state, they are also useless because the central government itself does not take responsibility for the decisions taken by the state government.
my sword shall be destroyed ! Wow ko Mei, I'm so lucky that it's just plums!" The lesson we learn from this story is not only that we should appreciate what the Lord has given us but also that we should lose it. we don't know what will happen tomorrow. That wealth we have gathered we store up with a spirit of anxiety and not with a spirit of anxiety.
There should be a balanced tax and not a tax to be imposed,” he said.
He said that the HNYM demands that the government should take a decision regarding the census year according to its understanding that it is wrong.
Shillong, Nailar 5: “I don't know whether the Minister of District Council Affairs (DCA) Bah HDR Lyngdoh doesn't know whether the Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution. Bindo M Lanong said while strongly opposing HDR Lyngdoh's statement that the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) should get permission from the Governor or the Government if they want to pass the ADC. any if Bill.
Shillong, July 14: The Deputy Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Ministry of Labour, today informed that those working under Schedule 28 have been increased their salaries from 10th June this year. .
We may not be afraid of ourselves but we have to think of others.
“We can urge the government to say something and not to remain silent by calling for talks with the political parties,” he said.
The statement said that now that the High Court has issued its new order, they will take the matter back to the Supreme Court to deal with it.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: There will be another polling station tomorrow at two polling stations, one at Phyllut and Mawkhan Wahkhwang. One polling station will be held at Umladang polling station in Nartiang District 3 of Jaintia Hills District.
In Guwahati, the Raj Bhavan has been declared a coronavirus hotspot after two employees of the Governor tested positive for covid-1
“The UDP MDCs do not like the working methods of Bah Nongrum as CEM because he is too slow,” said the newspaper.
Marak passed away on 28th June.
Conrad also showed Whatsapp messages to the people, explaining that the TMC in Garo language is a false political party and the BJP is the same while the NPP is. the party does not bring about development.
“This implementation in the seven villages should not be taken as a sudden or recent move as the Government has already appointed District Task Forces,” he said.
She said that how others who are small are arrested immediately while when it happens to those who are high and low, they violate the law, because in the law, there is no high and low.
At the same time, Tynsong announced that Macdalyne S Mawlong will contest the MLA election from Nongpoh while Danggo will contest from Ranikor.
Shillong: The State Government will commemorate former Chief Minister Bah JD Rymbai, who is also former Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, for three days from 21st to 21st March. 23rd June 2022.
At the same time, the Minister said that she will talk to the Minister of PWD who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong to improve the road which is about 2 kilometers long. you bag care.
Meanwhile, the Sor and Khapsor Taxi Drivers Union led by Bah Shimladlang Rynjah as Vice-President has decided to accept the order as the DC has requested it to try within 10 days.
Dutta also inaugurated the Kor which can provide information on the pollution of the air in Lumshnong area which has been installed by Star Cement in Lumshnong.
E.F.Gatphoh at the meeting chaired by Rtn.
Maharashtra has the highest number of cases with 2.30 lakh cases and 9,667 deaths, while Tamil Nadu has the second highest number of cases. Delhi has 1.26 lakh cases while Delhi has 1.07 lakh cases.
His body was found lying on a footpath in front of the Commander Work Engineer's Office.
When the Son arose, the Mother was filled with joy and wanted to ask him something.
He urged the government not to take action on this issue and to direct the relevant authorities to take action otherwise there will be those who will take the matter back to the Meghalaya High Court. Court and said that Bah Kynjaimon Amse will continue to follow up on this.
Today, it was reported that War has earned T.30 crore and through this, it is expected to reach T.217.75 crore.
If the main roads of the cities are dirty, it often ends up in covering their heads, and almost no one goes to the Municipal.
From such an experience we cannot help but say all these words.
On Saturday, Malki are in sixth position while Mawkhar, which are at the bottom of the table, have three points.
In response to the reading of the Meghalaya Transfer of Land Regulation Act, 1972, the Minister of Revenue and Disaster Management, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said that there is no violation of the Act. .
Some have asked the state government about the problems faced by the children.
“We have tried our best to revive the factory but for many reasons, the people have faced problems, the workers have faced problems, the Government has not been able to run chess, so it is you need to decide to walk in one direction.
“As you know, this road connects all the areas of Sohra Civil Sub-Division, all the areas under Pynursla Civil Sub-Division, all the areas under Mawphlang. Block and Sohiong Block, all the areas within Mawsynram Block and all the areas of West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills and Eastern West Khasi Hills.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Lambok Joseph Rymbai, Vice President of KSU NKHD Unit, recalled that in 2017, up to 32 members of the KSU have been arrested and detained over the Railway issue. He said that the KSU Umiam Unit does not accept the arrival of the Railway until now without strong laws to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners and encouraged the members of the KSU Umiam Unit to continue to work hard. without hesitation to curb crime especially to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into the village.
“This gives hope to the people because the Government has decided to be the source of all this,” he said.
In previous years, the party used to issue news about its curfew at least two days before the Independence Day and that was before the 13th of July
It is worth mentioning that recently, the residents of the area, have gathered for the repair of the road which has been badly damaged, but the repair has not lasted long, because the many heavy vehicles passed by and who also made this place their stop.
Chairman of MCCL and Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills Sanjay Goyal said that the government department has worked hard to complete the new project by November this year.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday introduced a budget of T.1,849 crore for the year 2022-2023 which is only 4.5 per cent of the Gross State Domestic Product ( GSDP).
He also set a goal to turn the Iewduh into a market that can attract tourists. “I am sure that if this can be done, tourists from all over the country will flock to this market and There the hotels, the drivers will earn money and the government will collect revenue,” he said.
The teachings and writings of Soso Tham will continue to grow for thirty generations to come because without the lights of yesterday, there will be no tomorrow and without tomorrow there will be no tomorrow. .
All the Sengbhalang were urged to come together to be a strong voice and force to support, advise and remind the government authorities and the Dorbar Trai Ri to work hard to protect and resolve the issue. “The President of the HYC.U, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, said in a statement: Robertjune said that the HYC doesn't have the intention to insult or blame anyone, it is useless to insult and blame the past, what we need is to learn from the past.
JU Kharpuri, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District as the chief guest in her speech said that to bring about changes in many areas whether it is income or employment. She said that they need to work together because if they are in groups they can do many things by setting an example of Kerala that has grown in all areas not by working alone but by working alone. work through groups.
Praveen P Nair, Sub Collector Hosur, Sub Division, Krishangiri District, and the Tamil Nadu officers said that the school has taken the case to the Madras High Court. the Court informed that the challenge to the matter was adjourned to the 5th of November.
Other speakers at the meeting included Comingone Ymbon MLA Raiang Constituency, Wailadmiki Shylla MLA Jowai Constituency, CEM Thombor Shiwat, Banjop Pyngrope MDC and others. around the villages.
They should also not throw garbage widely and should install adequate garbage bins so that customers can throw garbage and should not allow crowded places inside the shops.
There have been 37 recoveries from the coronavirus in the state today.
Shillong, July 15: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong Isawanda Laloo has launched a competition to beautify the villages and townships in Shillong for the second time. Tourism by distributing the instructions for the implementation of this scheme to 23 villages which have applied for this scheme.
The main political parties in Meghalaya with MLAs are the NPP, UDP, HSPDP, PDF, KHNAM, NCP, Congress, BJP and Independents.
At the same time, the Minister informed that the Cancer Wing at the Civil Hospital will soon be opened and the facility will soon start providing services.
Mawhati MLA Bah Dorphang has been charged under the POCSO Act and is still on trial.
“This scheme is very important for many people especially the poor, but it was announced only through one English newspaper and that too was announced at the end. Mawphor, Nongsainhima, Rupang and other newspapers that the villagers read, is it a threat to the Khasi newspapers to earn money or are they afraid of losing money? “It's good news for the BJP,” said Babul Suting.
The army said that such writings are not a threat but a sign of peace and order.
Iawmulong Nartiang beat Royal Pole Mihmyntdu 1-0 on the opening day of the Independence Day Cup organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah. Stadium on the day of Ar.
They also acknowledged that the arrival of this scheme in the rural areas is a blessing in terms of economic development and employment opportunities for the villagers. Whether it is wages or materials, this has caused many problems in the implementation of this scheme and there are those who have completed many development works in the villages and without money this has caused many problems. “Only the old works that have been completed have not been released and other work orders have been sent which has created problems for the VECs who are the implementers of this scheme in the villages,” he said. This was reported by Mawphor of Ri Bhoi District.
When inquired whether another group demanding the replacement of leadership and convening a CLP meeting had a meeting today, the media said that the meeting was not exactly held. there is an unrecognizable piece.
It will be an opportunity for the NPP to continue to hold power but if these demands are not met, the people will think differently by looking at what has happened in other neighboring states. in the Eastern Hemisphere.
In Meghalaya, the unemployment rate among the youth has increased from year to year while the government has not been quick to request a police battalion from the central government.
Other injuries were caused by electrical shock and were said to have been caused by working hours.
“The numbers of the office for this purpose should be made public and this cell should be open for five days a month so that the public can lodge complaints when they find anything,” he said. said Mr. Lyngdoh.
Here too, there are many reasons why the State has faced difficulties in recruiting those Statesman”.
All these trucks were illegally carrying coal in violation of the order of the National Green Tribunal (NGT).
On the persecution of minorities, Antony said 386 shlems of various religious groups have been destroyed and 70,000 people have been displaced from their homes.
This was after the meeting between the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and the Union Minister Smriti Zubin Irani in New Delhi recently. Center.
Pa'iem Freeman Syiem strongly condemned the arrest and detention of coal miners in Sohra , and said that this act of theirs is an act of violence as there was no Interview with the Chief Executive Members of the Sohra District.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah M.Khar Krang has urged all the traders to be vigilant in these days before they are deceived by counterfeit brokers. They don't pretend to be the smugglers of goods. They are just tricks to steal money from the people.
KSU Namdong Unit on the 18th of this month has donated food items to a poor family with three young children who are poor and partially disabled due to illness. For two months she didn't speak anymore until she lost her mind.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Conrad Sangma said that the North East has a rich history and culture on ksai Muka and this region has been famous since hundreds of years ago for the production of ksai Muka. u ksai face.
However, for me personally, I find that the first mistake is the mistake of our parents to train their own children where many parents don't have time to teach their children. those of the children.
Saron Pasweth in his speech congratulated Riquoma Rq Laloo and the residents of Panaliar Village for their cooperation with the Dorbar Shnong in curbing the spread of the disease in the village.
The District Council has summoned the Chief Forest Officer of Namdong Village to allow private individuals to burn rnga, quarry maw lein and cultivate synsar in the forest. CFO of JHADC Jowai to explain to the residents on 08th July 2021 and on this day the Dorbar Shnong will take the final decision whether to cancel or continue the soskular between the village and the District Council This was signed on 05th November 1985 by the Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong and Chairman Shnong Namdong and on behalf of the office was signed by the Chief Forest Officer of JHADC. If the Chief Forest Officer of JHADC cannot come on this day to explain to the people, the village will announce that they have canceled the soskular, which expired in 1985 and The village will take care of this forest and will use it according to the wishes of the village especially to achieve the desire of the village to turn this area into a Reserved Forest and to eradicate the species. The Dorbar Shnong through Ma Elias Susngi Waheh Raij Namdong Nongjngi Elaka said in a statement that the Dorbar Shnong has destroyed the growth of trees and shrubs.
Injecting young monkeys’ blood into those older monkeys boosted brain power, a study found.
It is a sad fact that while people have increased in education, we have found that the increase in pollution has become more serious over time.
Your law does not allow you to sew polyester fabric with a machine.
It is to be recalled that on the 29th of this month at about 5:30 pm, these groups of robbers broke into the residence of the owner of these two men in the area. Shallang and they also tried to kidnap the saipan, but with his escape, the robbers kidnapped the two employees.
At the opening ceremony of the training conducted by Habandajop Lyngdoh, Master Trainer of SURE, Hat Dkhar, President of the Village Organization, Sabahmuswang, expressed her happiness to receive such training. training.
The tournament was organized by the Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association (MAWA) and sponsored by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs, Meghalaya. men and women.
Adelbert said that at the time of the dissolution of KHNAM, there was a fierce struggle in which they had to run to Delhi many times and it was as if KHNAM at that time was sleeping in ICU in the midst of human ignorance.
The Congress has 14 MLAs in Garo Hills while the NPP has only two MLAs.
The Minister said that there are rules for the approval and recognition of schools, but to improve the quality of education, it is necessary to look into it further. raised a question on the existing rules which the Cabinet approved today.
The meeting will be held at Motphran Parking Lot starting at 10 pm.
In a statement, the KJBWA welcomes and appreciates the speech of Bah Ardent on this issue which the farmers have been protesting in these days after the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh. , which has caused problems to the cow and goat traders in the state.
Shillong: The Pynursla area has started to grow in terms of tourism through the presence of Mawlynnong and other beautiful places. also see that tourism is being promoted there.
Mawlai continued to play strongly and passed the ball in a beautiful manner and managed to score many goal attempts and with a continuous play, Remark Kharmalki scored the first goal in the 10th minute. 58 which strengthened Mawlai to win.
“The road fare, if it were not for the higher authorities, would have been only 32,000 to 35,000 tyngka including 15,000 tyngka for fuel, 10,000 for loading and unloading and 7,000 tyngka. The driver and driver's fee is 100 tyngka,” said one of the coal traders from the low level group.
The opening ceremony was attended by Benjohnson Lyngdoh, one of the most active youths in the community.
Lamshwa Dkhar scored the first goal of the match (42).
In his two-hour speech, Shah said the Chief Minister of Manipur has pledged to cooperate with the central government in efforts to restore peace and order.
The FTT had inspected the Myntdu-Leshka Hydro Electric Project (MLHEP) earlier.
Paragraph 5 explains the rules for registered social forestry plantations and plantations that are not managed by other government agencies.
The match tomorrow will be between Lion SC and NSA at 12 noon.
If the people really understand the need to unite the Khasi people, THIS IS THE RIGHT TIME.*We all want to see the future of the Khasi people alive and developing in the future. all sides.
To have a clear rule that if the Executive Dorbar Hima Mylliem does not convene the Hima Dorbar within 31st December, the Elaka Department shall convene the Annual Dorbar of the Hima Mylliem Dorbar within two months.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Jason S Mawlong expressed his pleasure to witness the celebration of the children besides studying and spending time in the four corners of the classrooms. Besides education, children also need to know the skills they have.
The hearing was held by Justice AK Sikri and Ashok Bhushan.
Nongstoin, Nailar 24: The Spokesperson of the School Managing Committee of West Khasi Hills District, Hopestandard Marthong, today said that the union of all the School Managing Committees of West Khasi Hills The General Meeting will be held on the 26th of this month at Babu Dless School.
To get consensus, we have to arrange the places here and there.
In a statement, Shylla said he will soon convene a public meeting of his supporters to join the party and decide to contest the 2018 elections.
The competition ended last night with Salman Khan presenting the prize and a check of Rs 50 lakh to Shukla.
He said that the party is pleased to meet with the village authorities and police that those who came to hide in these villages from Manipur did not ignore the authorities and before they came They have also informed the village authorities and the police authorities so that nothing will affect the peace and order of the people.
“Other players who have been called up to the squad are Trent Alexander-Arnold, Tyrone Mings and Lewis Dunk.
This action of the Gujarat Government shows that the present Government of India has no responsibility for women and slogans like Nari Shakti, Beti Bachao and women's rights are in vain.
Speeches were delivered by Dr Engam Pame, Director of DFP, Bah OL Marbaniang, former FPO.
Franko was first arrested by the residents and taken by ambulance from Pynursla to CH Shillong. Later after the arrival of Pynursla PS police, he was taken back. Lamkupar said to the police.
On the same day, the MLA also informed the Prime Minister about many shortcomings in Nongpoh Constituency in terms of development works especially the need to clean up the Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur road. This road is a very important road for the people who have been suffering for many years due to the deterioration and destruction of the road which has caused problems to the people in coming and going.
He said the cooperation of all political parties would help end the conflict and restore peace and trust among the different ethnic groups in Manipur.
Others who took wickets were Fennysha Nongrum (2/31), Abiezer Kharsyem (2/36) including the wicket of Pondicherry wicketkeeper E. Kavisha scored a century, Jayshree Singh (1/6) and Ankita Sharma (1/49).
In this age of exploitation and use of women's bodies for religious, ethnic, political and in Hynniewtrep society, there is still a ban on women's participation in community affairs. village or Raij or Hima.
After witnessing the persecution of Christians in Manipur, and elsewhere in India, including the burning of Christian churches and schools and clashes between the Meitei and Kuki communities, the Ri Bhoi zone The Conference of Religious India (CRI) held a short meeting in front of the Nongpoh Town Shopping Complex, where a peace march was also held on the main road in Nongpoh.
At present, in other districts, commercial vehicles have been allowed to travel, but regarding commercial vehicles in East Khasi District, the government has not yet discussed anything on this issue.
The two foreigners have not been identified as Birilius Marngar and Pyntngenbor Dkhar, residents of New Nongstoin WHKD. President Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, in order to find out the truth, has gone to the office of the Election Department to find out these names through the Electoral Roll. It was found that these two Nepalis had forcibly converted themselves to the Khasi race and name.
Marak, who led the ACHIK strike, said that the members of ACHIK are ready to strike for 10 months and to sit on strike until the Prime Minister gives time to meet with them with promises. .
Ribhame Dkhar scored the third goal in the 43rd minute.
Shilpa Shetty Kundra has starred in KD – The Devil alongside Sanjay Dutt and Dhruva Sarja. happened in Bengaluru in
After arranging with the District authorities to complete the needs of the deceased, he said that he went to the Civil Hospital, Nongstoiñ and there he went to the gym. Dozens of people were taken to the Civil Hospital, Shillong. He said that he did not understand anything at that time and as an MLA he helped them. lanot cat that you don't have at that time.
The chess tournament was organized in collaboration with the Jaintia Hills District Chess Association. to 30 people including a student.
The Spanish giants are now preparing to replace him with another player.
He said the BJP will be back in power in these three states after the results.
In East Khasi Hills, 243 cases and in West Jaintia Hills, 40 cases.
Jowai, March 20: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) through its Joint Secretary today lodged a complaint against the members and leaders of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) in Jaintia Hills.
“People know the law, we know the law and they know that we cannot stop, we know that we cannot stop,” said the SP of Crime.
Speaking to media, the CEM said that at the meeting, it was decided that the traders should release at least 20 byrni of rice to each village. It is difficult for the people who come to buy food items to deliver them back to different villages.
Secy(Female), Mrs. A.Ryntathiang Asst.Genl.
A memorial service was also held for the former President of FKJGP (L) Polestar Syngkrem who has worked hard and contributed greatly to the development of War Jaintia. Vice President u Phyrnai Lymba, General Secretary-Reachingson Kongwang, Assistant General Secretary- Kynsai Khonglah, Organizing Secretary-Rajan Mukhim, Assistant Organizing Secretary- Wanmon Lyting, Information Secretary- Biker Lynshiang, Sports Secretary- Rash Surong, Assistant Sports Ishmail Bu Secretary- , Education Secretary- Farius Pohlong, Agriculture Secretary- Tngen Sumer, Jim Mukhim as members and the Presidents and Secretaries of all the Units who have already become members of the Executive Committee.
Therefore, the Seng urges the government to facilitate this process and to hold a thorough discussion, so that we can really improve education in the state.
“The people of the area have been collecting taxes in the Karbi Anglong Autonomous District on synsar and other agricultural products.
Myntri Rangbah Duh recalled the time when, as a new MP, he came to Parliament and thanked the Legislative Assembly.
Happily, by the death of Jesus, our debt has been paid for what we can no longer pay on our own.
KHNAM said that it has requested public information from the office of the Pasture Institute, but it was reported that out of the 700 copies of the research, it has not found any. there is even a single water supply, which is safe to drink.
The All India Football Federation (AIFF) has announced that the I-League 2023-24 will start in the first month of April 2023 while the Women's League will start on the 18th. November 2023 to October
The Political Department has consulted with the Social Welfare Department, the Law Department and the District Council Affairs (DCA) Department on this issue.
In an example of collaboration between the Central Government and the State Governments, the Government has taken the responsibility to auction the concessions relating to 24 key mineral resources, ensuring that the State Governments receive for part of these things.
The Resolution of the Dorbar reads as follows:- “ WE THE PEOPLE OF LABANG-NONGPHYLLUT, THE CHILDREN OF THE THOUSANDS OF DOLLOI NONGPHYLLUT, WE HAVE RECEIVED THE NEWS OF THE EVIL ATTITUDE OF THE PEOPLE OF THE MIKIR WE HAVE HELD A DORBAR AT UMBASOO ON THE 27TH JANUARY
Ralangki Sutnga of Khliehriat was named Man of the Match.
These leaders said that these foreigners have not been able to produce proper documents to verify their village and place of residence and they do not have permits to work in the district.
The All Meghalaya Karate Association (AMKA) on Friday opened the 28th Inter School Karate Tournament 2022 for Schools and Colleges. was held at the Laban Sports Club Indoor Sports Hall.
Restriction is a word that people often use.
The elected and confirmed office bearers of the JNC Western Zone include: President, Leo Ferdinand Dhar, Vice President, Hamehi Bamon, General Secretary, Heibormi Lyngdoh, Assistant Secretary, Marcel Rumut, Finance Secretary; Kitboklang Kharbhih, Assistant Finance Secretary, Heipormi Sapuh, Organizing Secretary, Rapmeki Pohti, Education Secretary, Damehi Marcio Pasi, Arts & Culture Secretary, Daohi Shylla, Environment Secretary, Eipura Sten, Publicity Rabon Assistant Publicity Secretary, Ferdinand Phawa, Sport Secretary, Hubert Dkhar, Office Secretary, Wansalan Dhar, and 18 members of the Executive.
“According to Bah Hek, the DC has sent to take stock of the loss of property of the people and the Magistrates have also brought food items to distribute to the affected people.
Shillong: The Super Division 2019 tournament of the Shri Kyrmen Shylla Contribution Trophy has come to an end.
Thus, through this parable, Jesus wanted to shape the life of the young man, to share and shape his life and future, because he knew that this young man had power and strength and would be a blessing and a blessing to him. benefit others.
On this occasion, the elders of the village have lodged a complaint with the MeECL authorities, for the purpose of replacing one transformer instead of the damaged one, so that the residents of the village can get back the electricity in the evening. MeECL has not done anything for more than 9 months.
Shillong: A group of robbers robbed an ATM kiosk of the State Bank of India (SBI) at Rongram on Tuesday night, about 15 km from Tura and stole T.30 lakh.
He added that the youth are the future of the nation and that they should look for something perfect to achieve the goal of life.
Speaking to media, Dr Mukul Sangma said that this pandemic is like a time of war where all the people need to join hands with the Government to defeat this invisible enemy. shynna outside.
In these letters, there was a format that could be easily filled in so that people would not have any difficulty in responding.
They are surprised how the road blockade continues in Meghalaya, when the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India has already decided to lift the restrictions on traffic and the movement of people, from one state to another.
At present, the part of Mawlai which has been placed within the Municipal boundary is Mawlai Nongmali 1,2 & 3, where it has been discussed to release the land and to Like other parts of Mawlai, which have not fallen under the Municipal.
Crimes like the murder of Graham Staines in Odisha more than 20 years ago, the horrific incidents against Christians in Kandhamal in 2008 and many others in various parts of the country especially in those states to whom the rulers of the authority listen, as if they were approving of those who do evil.
According to a statement issued by the BSF, after receiving a tip, the special team of the 4th and 193rd Battalion BSF conducted a raid on the border of East Khasi Hills and seized 74 cows smuggled to Bangladesh from the border.
At present, we those indigenous people are only slaves of the Indian leaders, with the help of our own three-year-olds.
HUCC beat Ummulong Sports Club by 78 runs in the U-15 Boys' Tournament organized by the All Jaintia Cricket Association (UMBO) at Jrisalein Stadium, Chutwakhu, Jowai on Monday.
The last Municipal election in Shillong was held in 1966 and after that the City of Shillong was run by one or more persons who held the post of Chief Executive Officer appointed by the Government.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Pius Marwein said that this is a memorable day in the area and as health is precious, the opening of this hospital will bring benefits and blessings especially to the people of the area. Those who are poor and cannot afford to go to hospitals.
“I arrived in Dhaka last year on July 16, 2023 but I couldn't enter the prison of Tirot Singh. “They have been able to visit the jail where Tirot Singh was imprisoned in Dhaka but now they have turned it into a place of worship,” he said.
The Governor said that the government has taken over the illegally confiscated land, including the places of worship, from the robbers.
Of course, we cannot say that especially in these days, when the elections are approaching, we have seen in the media that all the candidates are talking about the unemployment of the youth.
Bora said the outbreak of swine flu has been rampant in China in recent days.
He also promised to open the welcome gate for the tourists at Kongthong on the 26th of this month and on that day, the foundation stone will be laid for the construction of the road. from Kongthong to Sder.
The psalmist sings, “Teach the king thy righteousness, O God;
The Shillong Nongjri Association, which was established in 1963, will hold its 60th General Meeting cum Social Meet on the 28th of this month at the Community Hall, Golflink, Shillong at 10:30 am.
The youths who participated in the competition include Banjop Iawphniaw, Kobek Mawnai, Robert Dkhar, Pynshngain Kurbah and Gilbert Kharkrang. , that for the first time to see and ride a rafting boat, they were able to take over the boat from other participants in the competition.
On the other hand, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar said that they know all about the family of Kong Jasmine who has served the area for decades.
In 2009, the union recalled that in 2009, it had sought through RTI how many non-Khasis who had studied MBBS from Meghalaya from 1991 to 2009 had returned to serve the state.
The tournament will be held at Malki Stadium.
When trying to find out the reason for the death threat, the Sengbhalang leader phoned Lucas again but he did not say the reason for the threat. He also ordered him (Ency Shadap) to come to Dawki and if he doesn't come to Dawki, Lucas will send people to the place. Shadap, the leader of the Sengbhalang, said:
Shillong, Lber 23: The Meghalaya Police has patrolled the border areas of the State including Bangladesh, to prevent the smuggling and trafficking of Rohingya women from the State.
Even in the midst of God's fierce anger against Israel, the time would come when God would fulfill His covenant among Israel.
Shillong: Police have arrested a leader of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) on charges of driving trucks carrying illegal goods from Jingkieng Damsite by collecting money up to T.1500 per truck.
Speaking on the occasion, former Congress leader Bah Edius Thongni said that there is no reason for him to leave the Congress party, but it is because they don't have any more leaders. within the constituency.
“I urge you to look into this and remove the environmental clearance for the safety and security of the people of this area and East Jaintia Hills District as a whole,” said Bah Hamletson Dohling. in a letter to Javadekar on the first day.
It is no longer the time to talk about the formation of a government because it is over after the formation of the MDA
JOWAI: The two health departments of West Jaintia Hills District have joined hands to fight against the non-communicable disease.
Speaking to media on 1st April 2021 after the meeting of the Congress members which was also a meeting to prepare for the meeting and discussion in the upcoming Dorbar. Recently, Bah Pynshngaiñ Syiem declined to answer a question on how he feels after the party refused to give ticket to Bah Lamphrang Blah for the mid-term elections to the Legislative Assembly. Mawphlang Constituency but he said that even within the party they have not discussed anything on that.
The union added that the idea of ​​having a city during the rainy season is no different in areas where climate change can affect governance and daily activities. .
He said that the Government of Meghalaya has approved to demolish the factories of illegal coke factories in the District according to letter FOR 2/202/302 dt.4/7/2
The program was also attended by members of the Village Water Sanitation Committee and officials from the PHE department of Ri Bhoi District.
Nongpoh: Speaking to the public on the occasion of the opening ceremony of the footpath constructed and donated for the use of the residents of Lumroman and Umsohlang villages in Umsning, Bah Jason Mawlong, MLA Umsning, said that he himself is no longer needed, because he is fully prepared, but what remains now is to provide the best service to the people in the constituency as a whole.
The new cases include EJH: 1, EKH: 18, RBD: 2, WGH: 1 and WKH:
The suspect was identified as Daniel Abed Khalife, 21 years old.
In this month, the Meghalaya government has had a crucial time to take a decision to negotiate with Assam.
People also stand well when there are such activities that bring pleasure because they have the opportunity to relax, relax and rest from the work.
We remember that in the moment before the swearing-in ceremony, all of you knelt down in prayer in faith, but those same people now no longer trust in God; but in the field of kyiad to improve the income of the state.
Also present on the occasion were the Sordar Shnong Shailes L Nongrang, Secretary Shnong, Village Officers, Mothers and Owners of the houses damaged by the storm. President Mairang Unit, AL Mawnai President Mawshut Unit and other members.
PUBG Mobile and PUBG Mobile Lite, the most popular games in India and around the world, will be discontinued from tomorrow, 30th March 2020 in India.
“How are you, Bah?
I Love You is one of the four escapees from Jowai district jail who were shot dead on Sunday in Thadmuthlong Shangpung area.
Shillong, November 10 : Rachel Rimeika Jyrwa from Mawlai Nonglum has won the title of Miss International Hornbill at the Miss International Hornbill pageant held in Nagaland recently.
Dilip Ghosh, the top leader of the BJP, said today that those who eat beef should eat beef first.
He said that sometimes even to sleep he doesn't get to meet anyone and he sleeps only 2-3 hours.
This year, thanks to the hard work of Brolding Nongsiej MLA Mawthadraishan, the government has completed the road.
“The people of the State have never seen the Principal Secretary or IIPH officials coming to public meetings to explain about Covid-19 especially in the rural areas.
Many Khasi youths have felt that the Government has ignored almost all their demands, said Prof. Nonglait.
He said the government also plans to use smaller fire trucks and to have long water pipes to be used in places where vehicles cannot pass.
Employees of PHE Mawkyrwat Division participated in the cleaning drive.
Government initiatives, such as the National Health Stack and the National Digital Health Mission, have laid a solid foundation for a smooth health system that also helps health providers to deliver services. good.
The Government should not waste public money to spend once again on this issue.
Only U Rupang provides the right and appropriate issues to be accepted in the list.
The WJDBA has sent 27 players including men and women under the leadership of head coach Da Ru Laloo, assistant coach Homelin Bareh, manager Teddy Laloo and assistant manager Damehi Suchiang.
Shillong, November 19: The Don Bosco Past Pupils' Association (CAPA) will hold a Christmas celebration with prayer and worship at the Child Jesus on the 22nd of this month. at 2.30 pm at Don Bosco Technical School.
“So what is needed is how we can take steps when it comes to these issues in a way that can work with the aspirations of the people in various aspects whether it is language, religion and others,” said Sangma.
Shillong: After the declaration of a containment zone in Jhalupara, Nongrimmaw Block-D, Mawlai Umjaiur, Laitkor Pyllun, Mawlai Nongpdeng, Mawlai Mawtawar, Shillong: After the declaration of a containment zone, The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has announced that the government has declared Block II Lumpyngngad as a containment zone. Government employees living and working in these containment zones/areas since 18th November are kindly requested to inform the District Control Room immediately. quarantine at home until further notice.
A few days later he asked me for 25,000 tyngka to help him set up a shop in Nongstoiñ market.
The Jorhat District Court, Assam on Tuesday sentenced 11 robbers to life imprisonment for killing a youth in an incident. in January of 2020 – when the government was imposing a lockdown due to the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic.
About half of the deaths, 307 refugees who died this year, were entering the United States from Mexico via the islands of Sonora and Chihuahua.
Today, the celebration of Myllung is on the 18th December, the day of his death (18th December, 1940).
Shillong, March 23: The news of the curfew has spread quickly not only in Shillong, but also in the rural areas. There is no curfew, although it has not been written in the newspapers that there will be a curfew, but this incident has caused concern among the people especially in these days of intense protests.
Speaking on EMF and regulations, K.Sri Krishna, DDG Mizoram said, “The Government of India has clarified the regulations relating to mobile tower emissions and therefore, India is one of the from only a few countries that have strict regulations regarding mobile towers.
Shynrai from Lakadong has already been recognized under the One District, One Product (ODOP) Initiative of the DPIIT as a producer for development and trade from West Jaintia Hills, Meghalaya.
Only the happiness of Ri Ong is not different from the end of the world.
The Nongkrem MLA said that the government has appointed an Expert Committee in April this year and the members of this committee have started working, but there have been unfounded statements. and tip the work.
The demand of the Garoland State Movement Committee (NFNS) has been fully supported by the Garo people.
“Earlier, Kichcha Sudeep has received a threatening letter regarding the insults against him.
Utpal Das scored 77 runs from 41 balls and Kuwar Dhrub scored 65 runs from 42 balls.
He said that the hard work of the teachers can be seen through the good results of the students.
Singh said the state government will allow the districts where farmers can plant during the Rabi planting season.
She also urged the state government to consider these proposals for the safety and welfare of the people of these areas.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) has expressed its deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Lambok Thabah, Editor of U Nongsaiñ Hima today.
These are already extensions of Jowaiiv.
As citizens, can the village leaders use their power to use force, to rob, to commit injustice even though we have complained and want to resolve the issue, if we don't get our rights as land owners? The village authorities will take advantage of the land in the name of development. It means that the poor and the needy will be taken away even what we have. .
FC Shullai also told about the work that AMPSTA has done regarding the Mid-day meal scheme, because if this scheme is implemented, the teachers will not have time to feed the children and They suggested to the Government to appoint lunch teachers for the children in schools, so the Government has accepted this demand of AMPSTA. I congratulated the leaders of AIPTF and AMPSTA, who have worked hard to improve education in the country, to continue to work harder.
But soon after this, God gathered the Israelites (Jews) from all over the world to return to their homeland.
Abhilash Baranwal, IAS, on Tuesday announced that the containment order has been lifted in Kongwang village.
No country, no UNO, no government has given permission for the Jews to build the Temple in Jerusalem.
The State Government's decision to retain the share of the JHADC will put pressure on the council employees.
He said that the union has already lodged a complaint with the Government regarding the turning of the Kynshi River but unfortunately the office of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSBCP) which tested the water has not released any results. The public shall report whether the water is safe for the public to drink, and to cleanse.
Recently, there has been an attempt to create misunderstanding and trouble in the border areas with Karbi Anglong, Assam.
The union also urged the Meghalaya government to implement the ban on private vehicles to avoid being exploited by the public. , in the fight against the deadliest disease, the coronavirus and reported that they died, while going to help the sick, in the words of the Pope, “Long kaba have courage to attend the sick.
“My love for the people has lasted for a long time and it still lasts,” he said.
When asked about the ownership of the land, the farmers replied that as farmers who have been farming in the area since the beginning, they don't know what to say, because they have used it for farming in the past. but if they experience such a disaster, it will affect the income of the farmers in the area, they added.
Speaking at the meeting, the DC said that he has convened such meetings in the past to discuss how to curb the excessive struggle of the youth especially by visiting the They don't go to restaurants which put their lives in great danger especially along the rivers in Garo Hills.
There is a strong hope that soon polio will be eradicated in these countries and the world will be free from polio.
We will send a letter to the councils and NEIGRHMS and we will also investigate this matter through RTI. There are 1,088 new cases of covid-19 in Assam today and all the cases have arrived. There were 19,754 people.
According to the post-mortem report, the body of the deceased was found in Marseille. disciplinary actions of the police.
Shillong, July 5: The Meghalaya Rural Bank, Mawlai Nonglum has admitted that there was a slight error in the account number during the introduction of the new working method with the help of computers and internet. SB-5019 and SB5109, the account of a person who has taken a real loan from a bank, Mike L Chyne said. Only God, who does not make mistakes, makes mistakes, by saying that only those who sleep do not fall and only those who do not work make mistakes, but those who work make mistakes.
At that time, the Government of India will abolish the District Council and announce that all the vacant land will be taken over by the Government for the purpose of providing accommodation to the people who do not have a place to live. stay.
Shillong: The employees of the District Council District Council (KHADC) today, 23rd July 2023, staged a sit-in in front of the KHADC to demand the release of Their arrear and DA have been suspended for more than 1 year.
Before the East India Company came to power, the Jaintia Hills was a very rich Hima and the powerful Jaintia chiefs used to issue gold and silver coins.
He said that due to the lack of jobs by the government, many youths have been forced to work in other contract jobs, such as in banks and as contract workers in ICAR. The government has allocated 8 Khasi-Jaintia, 8 Garo and 4 students from other ethnic groups to study this year. I don't have a job in this government department.
He added that until now there is no cure for this disease, but it is only by self-protection by following the guidelines of the Government.
Two persons, Abdullah Hussain and Sanborlang Khaiong, have been arrested by the Byrnihat Police Outpost on charges of involvement in smuggling. bear the Ksiar.
John 6:5.
As citizens we must know that we cannot get a true leader if we elect a leader by the power of money but only if we elect by the path of righteousness and truth.
Besides the cold weather, the residents of Iooksi area have also suffered from the thunder.
He said that these dismissals are a sign of gratitude to the newly appointed leaders who are only the followers of Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, Vice President of the party. Fenela L.Nonglait has been expelled from the party.
Therefore, this year the union requests the cooperation of various offices in the district, to close their offices as a sign of respect for this day and those who violate and do not respect this day. Especially for the children of the Seng Khasi, the Seng will not hesitate to take strict measures and except for the health centers cannot operate.
From Jaiaw Mawbynna via Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh, Umsohsun, Khyndailad, Kachari, IGP. From Lawsohtun via Bishnupur – Last Stop – Rhino Point – IGP. From Lumparing via Madan Laban – Last Stop – Rhino Point – IGP. Jowai, June 21, 2013: A 15-year-old girl has been arrested for allegedly stealing a 15-year-old girl from Mawpat via Langkyrding Mihngi. hands of robbers who tried to kidnap her while she was leaving home to go to school.
They lived there for many decades without encountering any problems.
The union leaders said that until now, the village, which falls under the West Khasi Hills District, does not have a single health centre.
“In fact, these Karbi (Moothade) have been given land to live in this area at their request from the villages of Mowjem and Deiñler to give them temporary land after they were evicted from the area. Kaziranga National Park Assam in 16-25 AD but now they have not owned and do not respect the social agreement with these villages until they have caused frequent conflicts, said Sungoh.
This card will ensure that all women, whether they are single, have children, employed, will receive it and their money will be sent separately to their bank accounts. of the beneficiaries.
Therefore, the union together with the people will not refuse to hold this protest program through a public meeting with the dongmusa and also to burn the tyngshops of MePDCL and the MDA-II Government. Unit leaders together with Sengkmie leaders and others, leaders and elders of Shella village and especially the people of Shella village and surrounding villages.
The ancestors taught about Righteousness, Humanity, Humanity, Self-Love and Respect for Others.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Village Defense Party (VDP) of Sutnga village in East Jaintia Hills District has arrested nine Bangladeshis who illegally entered the area on Tuesday morning.
Although there is a strong voice outside that the UDP has decided that it is time to change its leaders especially the President, but within the party, there are still many who still want to replace the same President.
Regarding the complaint to the DC, Bah MG Kharshanlor, said that a new Bolero Camper without number plate, which was coming from Byrnihat with only 11 plywood, was stopped by the police. Police who were waiting inside the Weight Bridge and sent T.100 without giving any receipt even though the driver had requested to give the slip.
The contractor has been directed to proceed with the work according to the rules and regulations.
"This website will help the group to disseminate information about its activities in terms of health care and other activities related to information, CBR activities, training, availability of equipment. , success stories and more.
Pynïaid was first elected as an MDC in 2014 from the HSPDP when Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit was President.
Let us preserve these traditional teachings, to know man, to know God and to earn righteousness.
Shillong: The KSU President, Bah Lambor Marngar, today said that the Kharmetor have been removed from Mawlong Market and a time has been set for them.
Former Odisha MP Kalikesh Narayan Singh Deo has also been elected unopposed as the Senior Vice-President.
An Indian man has been arrested after being accused of involvement in the murder of three children who went to ring the bell inside his residence in California.
The five persons were inside their vehicle near the McDonald's parking lot when suddenly the vehicle was shot dead by the robbers and took the life of the young woman sitting in front. along with the driver of the vehicle on that day.
Shillong, July 30: A meeting of 45 villages of Sohra area will be held on 4th November in Sohra to discuss the withdrawal of T.27 crore from the state government under the scheme. Sohra Ecological Project.
“First of all, I would like to thank God for allowing me to take this responsibility to serve for the people of Rambrai Constituency.
The Congress' allegation is baseless and unfounded and the Foreign Minister has already clarified their allegation and therefore, the people of the country should not be misled.
“On the part of the KSU Narpuh Circle, we are sorry to see this death of fish, and we say that this happens from time to time, the waste that flows, flows first in the Lunar River. Therefore, the Lukha River will become polluted and the water will become bih and the small fish will die. The government has decided to take action against this death of fish, and now we have to take the decision to lodge a complaint with the government authorities, at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District. “The district authorities of East Jaintia Hills District, in the past years, have been investigating the cause of the death of fish in the Lukha River. The District Mineral Funding Trust ( District Mineral Funding Trust ) has implemented the River Rejuvination Project at a cost of T2.5 crore. Scientists from Trinity International Implex Delhi, found that the cleaning of the Lukha River, which has become polluted, has been successful in which fish and aquatic life have been present and The project has been successful, but it is not known why the river has been cleaned by algae. KSU Narpuh Circle and Sonapyrdi Tourism and Economic Development Society (STEDS) have expressed their desire to preserve the Lukha River and the river. The Lukha River attracts tourists from all over the country, as well as to promote tourism in the area. The district authorities shall take action to preserve the waters, rivers, environment and natural resources in the area.
Hussain informed the Meghalaya government that in North Garo Hills NH-62 alone, the collection of money has reached T.1700 tyngka from empty trucks. There are two collection gates in the district. Police money and two others while trucks carrying loads have collected T.4000 tyngka in the district.
The HNLC recently proposed to hold peace talks with the government and has set 24 days for the government to complete the talks.
In a statement sent by the President of the HNYF Northern Region, Bah Markus Marten, the HNYF Northern Region President Markus Marten said that the HNYF has demanded from the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) and the IL&FS company which is constructing this road. , that they should immediately install signboards Speed ​​Limit and the reason why the union has demanded the installation of these signboards, in urban and crowded areas is because the union has found that many of the drivers Vehicles no longer respect the public by driving fast, by taking advantage of the absence of signboards.
The meeting was conducted by the President of Jowai District, Mr. Hercules Toi and the welcome speech was delivered by the Pator of Jowai District, Mr. Raymond Nartiang.
Speaking to reporters, these youths said that although they are people who love the environment, they cannot refuse to do this work, just for the sake of getting a suitable ground and to be able to hold as a playground.
Earlier, the Commissioner & Secretary, District Council Affairs (DCA), Bah Jopthiaw Lyngdoh, said that the holding of the mid-term elections in the state will be up to the state government to decide. law which states that it shall be held at any time.
Is the motor a thymme that builds on protein? It is important to eat a variety of foods that build on protein, because each thymme has its own amino acids.
Today, he committed suicide by walking on a highway in London, wearing a mask on his face, because he was against the law of the British government, People should wear masks to protect themselves from coronavirus.
Shillong: Members of the FKJGP Malki Circle, on Tuesday, suddenly went to Keating Road to search the documents of foreign shops in the area. Members of the union have closed down many shops without proper documents such as Labor License and others.
Let me conclude a little bit:- The farmer is as necessary as the lawgiver or the teacher.
Mawkyrwat, July 11: The BDO of Mawkyrwat C&RD Block together with other government departments in South West Khasi Hills District today conducted an awareness program on the issue of Jan Jatiya Gaurav Divas Campaign, Hamara Sankalp Viksit Bharat Yatra at Upper Primary School, Pyndenumjaraiñ, South West Khasi Hills District.
If the United States can curb the destructive effects of drugs, isn't it a great warning to a backward country and community like ours?
On the other hand, Ms. B Laloo, who received the new house, expressed her gratitude to the FKJGP for receiving a perfect house and except for the rainy days as in previous years she had to stay. to stay in a destroyed house and to look forward to the leaders of the party that God will bless them to do more good deeds in the community.
In 1924, the number of members of the Presbyterian Church in Khasi-Jaintia was 37,6
However, there were three other groups that opposed the rewrite.
How can we get clean leaders when the people themselves don't understand that?
We see that in the present government, many of the key positions have been held by the Prime Minister and Ministers who belong to the NPP. that is not the most important.
The current corona virus pandemic will also be one of the signs of the fulfillment of Isaiah 26:2
However, they said that as of now, the water supply is sufficient after receiving enough rainfall in the past few months.
We ask what they do that they are being criticized for? Who is married? and the most sad thing is that we don't know about them.
The working hours are 10:00 am, most people arrive at 11:00 pm.
Therefore, such a misunderstanding does not bring any benefit to oneself, but it is a loss to the people of the Constituency.
Later, the Minister also inspected the Cancer Wing of Shillong Civil Hospital which is under construction.
The Minister also informed that the Government intends to have a universal cleanliness in all the villages.
It is to be recalled that the JHADC has about 2000 employees and the salary alone costs up to Rs 6 crore per month.
Bah Ardent also urged the people of Nongstoiñ area to be ready to come forward and support the VPP if it launches a protest against the government and if it cannot bring about change this time, it will. There is no time when we can bring about change and the VPP has only one way of thinking before leaving this world and wants to provide a bright future for future generations.
“We want to make it clear that the people should not be confused.
Phramer scored the three goals through Elias Saioo who scored two goals (48, 74) and Monjurlang Suchiang (52).
In another incident, BSF in Lum Garo have seized 195 cows worth T.18 lakh.
The country's income is good and that is why the film industry earns Rs 120 crore a day,” said Prasad.
The DGP also informed about the measures taken by the Government authorities as part of the fight against this illegal activity including the Women's Safety Division, the Anti Human Trafficking Unit (AHTU) and others. the State and others.
That is why the Word of God here says – “But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name:
The residents of Nohwet village led by Bah Bosswel Khongthohrem have lodged a complaint against Bah Sahnam Diengdoh at the office of the DC of East Khasi Hills District regarding the overpricing of ration and ration. kilos inside the village.
In 205-16, another 90 km was targeted for construction and 340 km for cleaning.
Mebanshan Snaitang, who runs the Shillong Coaching Academic Center at Upland Road, Laitumkhrah, has lured youngsters to come and be trained by him because he promised to employ them using the name of the Prime Minister and the Minister. the Ministry of Health.
Pala also admitted that some people from other political parties have come to meet the party candidates to lure them with money to join them.
Therefore, the Cadre Strength will vary from one year to another.
Kohli said that the condition of the road is the insult of the leaders to the people. He said that there is no need to talk about other development projects in the constituency when only the road is insulted. which is the source of health is to a certain extent.
Teimiki Sungoh from Shangpung, West Jaintia Hills District has won the first place in the Rock Climbing Competition for the Advance Mountaineering Course at the Himalayan Mountaineering Institute. HMI) located in Darjeeling.
Foreigners, who went to sleep at the army camp at Kyrkit Square, on Tuesday night.
Parish Priest Fr.Roy Anthony and the parishioners of Sohra invite all to come and pray for their needs through the funeral of Don Bosco at his Shrine in Sohra.
On the part of the Chief Guest, E.M.H Passah congratulated the WJDSA for its success in holding various sports tournaments.
Therefore, don't spend too much time on English, Khalish and other 'ish', and dedicate yourself to promoting your own culture.
"They did so," replied the father, "and after they had finished all the work, they left to go home.
“We went to Markasa and then we went to Mawphanlur,” said the DC.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Peter Lamare, after inspecting the road from Kyntonlieh to Mawlyndop, said that this road is very special and will help to improve the road. The traffic jam on the three roads leading to the North Eastern Hills University has been reported.
“Teachers have to wear iong flag on their special day.
Shillong, Lber 28: Nonkrek Tigers and Myntdu Lions have scored 10 points each in the Senior Men's Challengers Cup sponsored by the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA).
“The statement of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah that the RTI reply may not be 100% complete and therefore it is necessary to send verification to the SMB. “If there is a mistake, the government should take or punish the Nodal officer who has submitted the wrong figure,” he said. said Mr. Roy.
The Minister has already announced many implementation plans including the provision of financial assistance to 10 lakh people so that they can stand on their own feet.
However, in any case, it will fit into the work, when from Shillong, the goods are already expensive and if you go to any shop of the big traders, you will not see anyone to write down the price of them. The price of one type of good and one price has been reduced and the people, who buy goods, don't have time to change the price and that's it. This happened first at the big traders in Mawlong Market and those who sold in front of the police and magistrates.
The winners will be announced on 05th March
Taiwan's Defense Ministry said on Tuesday that the country's security forces had spotted five warplanes and four Chinese warships within its border. time at approximately 6 a.m. Sunday morning (June 2, 2023) as well as Wednesday morning (June 3, 2023).
He said that this visit is due to the threat that the people who have been expelled from Assam will come to invade our state.
Is all this because of the weakness of the law? or it is a lack of self-consciousness.
Shillong, Nailar, 08: The Central Body of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday submitted a letter to the Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma demanding that the Government should open the school. There is also a State University in Shillong.
It is also sad that while the Congress party in the north is fighting strongly against the BJP and its allies, here in Meghalaya it is fighting hard.
Bah Pathaw said that there are also techniques and methods of collecting and cleaning the waste by following the example of Goa how to collect the waste and techniques to convert it into compost.
“If they don't want to do the job, there are many young people who want to do the job,” he said.
We as members after seeing the opposition from the Shnong to this lack of action by the Dolloi we are surprised because we as members don't have any information about this letter sent by the Shnong. The Dolloi as the Chairman of the JHADC has kept secret from himself that there may be something wrong with the Revenue Officer of the JHADC. It was reported to the media that the Dolloi did not listen to the complaint of the Shnong and did not even go through the Shnong on this matter. and when inquired from the Village Authorities, the Dolloi did not listen to their opposition.
Shillong: Nagaland scored 252/7 in the first day of the plate group final between Meghalaya and Nagaland of the U-19 Men's Cooch Behar Trophy.
Meanwhile, Ri Bhoi United FC, although they played hard, had to lose and received a cash prize of T 3 lakh from the management.
Shillong: A group of people on Tuesday expressed their dissatisfaction with the state government's decision to allow people who give birth to their fathers to get syrnot eewlum.
The Shad Sajer was enriched by the participation of the elderly and youth in various traditional dances including Shad Shutt Wait, Shad Mastieh Sawngut, Shad Kynjuih Kynthei, Shad Malangho, Shad Doh Mahi, Mastieh Arngut Dance, Marangod Dance and other performances in various tunes.
On the Municipal department, CEO Bah E Kharmalki and on the Urban department, Bishwajit Dutta, Director, were appointed.
When Kiang came out of the back door, he saw Lt.Sadlier, and he went into the house.
When asked on what basis, Bah Bandary Ryntathiang, Sengbhalang Leader and Village Leader, has left the area, they replied that they don't know. For what reason, this man has lodged a complaint with the Court, where even they are in darkness.
East Khasi Hills Police said that the rescue of Das without injury and the arrest of all the kidnappers is a great achievement of the District Police.
Besides, to promote love for each other and also to think about other issues related to the peace and stability of the Pnar people living in the border areas of Assam and Meghalaya.
The Khasi Hills has been known as the land of knowledge of man and knowledge of God and the Khasi people are still the happiest people in India compared to other people in India even in the North East.
Shillong, March 10: Meghalaya has selected four golfers to represent the state at the National Games, including two women and two men.
While the police were stopping the truck, the driver of the truck managed to escape from the hands of the police. A complaint has been registered at Lumshnong Police Station and the investigation is ongoing.
He also expressed his regret that the Congress has not accepted the decision to suspend him without giving him permission to explain.
As it is believed that Behdienkhlam drives away evil and disease, we hope that through Behdienkhlam it will eradicate Covid-19 all over the world so that mankind can live in peace on this earth.
There are 61 coke factories in Shallang, West Khasi Hills and out of these, only 4 have proper permits to operate while the others are not operating. illegal.
Immediately after escaping from the hands of the Ri-Bhoi Police, Bah Jyllud Bak arrived in Shillong to rob a person. This was learned through a complaint by Bah Rajesh Diengdoh to the Police who on On the 12th of November at 12:30 pm, Bah Jyllud broke into his house at Law U Sib, Lumbatngen-Shillong and attempted to commit a crime.
Sadly, these fish can die because the fish cannot survive if the water is too dark or dirty.
The MCTA also said that there will be no impact on the inconsistent implementation of all colleges especially in the rural areas.
Shillong: The Government of India has decided not to count up to T.2,500 crore in digital currency for the year 2017-1 The Merchant Discount Rate (MDR) will be valid for two years from 1st July 2018, which will be paid through Debit Card/BHIM.
It was in the year 2600 BC, which means 4600 years ago, that the Indus Valley Civilization flourished and this heritage disappeared. 3500 years ago and it was found that there were other ethnic groups speaking Indo-European languages ​​who migrated and formed 16 Indo-European languages. The Mahajanapadas or Himas throughout ancient India and these Himas lived and existed between the 6th and 4th centuries BC. they are important and powerful religions.
Today, the union has also lodged a petition regarding the Land Holding Certificate as implemented in JHADC. A strong land register will make it easier for the public to withdraw money from the Bank at any time.
You have the spirit of Mrs. Shillong and so on.
Police in East Jaintia Hills have seized heroin worth T.5 crore 50 lakh and arrested a trafficker from a vehicle coming from Silchar, Assam.
NPP leaders also went to Sohiong to campaign and other election speakers also spoke about the supporters and the MLA scheme to be distributed to the supporters.
However, it struggled after dropping three openers and scoring only 30 runs.
This comes after Israel sent its troops to crack down on the Hamas militants, however, it was said that the Israeli troops failed to prevent the killing of civilians. of Israel even when it was sent at the right time.
Speaking to reporters, Pangniang said, “I have never done anything alone which is the responsibility of the people of Langpih area and I am surprised that this child has “I have put the Status Quo in my box. I am not the Political office of the State Government to establish the party in Langpih,” he said. Please enter Status Quo in your box.
Deputy Speaker Timothy D Shira, Nongstoin MLA Maxmilan Byrsat and other NPP MLAs were also present to witness the swearing-in ceremony. , in the presence of former Speaker of the House Martin M Danggo.
Yes though the mother is a woman.
The Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MYC) will hold a march in Shillong and they have confirmed that the protest will not be like the Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress. It was held at Congress Hall.
It is learned that the police, who went to the residence of the robber, Birju Chandra Azad, had to sit quietly to check several plates containing cash worth T.1.5 lakh. .
According to the order, the Chief Secretary of the Government of Meghalaya and the Commissioner & Secretary, District Council Affairs Department have been informed in this regard but no one has responded. come and represent them.
This implementation will benefit about 5 lakh women across the state.
Of the insects found in this country, the following are the most damaging: (1) The white borer (Xylotrechus quadripes) , and (2) scale insects, one blue, called Lecanium viride, and another brown, called Saissetia hemisphaerica.
Shillong, July 22: U General Secretary of the BJP, Ram Madhav, on Tuesday slammed the Congress-led state government led by Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister of the state. said it was a corrupt government and never filled.
Besides Bah Metbah Lyngdoh as the President, Bah Jemino Mawthoh was also elected as the General Secretary.
Founder and CEO of AVENUES Meghalaya, Mark Laitflang Stone, said, “This event will be memorable for the youth of the North East.
Genesis 7:12-20.
Khliehriat, November 12: The Dorbar Shnong Moolamylliang East Jaintia Hills District, as usual every year, this year too will welcome the Christmas and New Year with the lighting of fireworks in the village. The Dorbar Shnong invites and invites the public to come and witness this special program which will be held on the 17th of this month. Chief Electoral Officer, IAS, Frederick Roy Kharkongngor, IAS will be the chief guest at Moolamyliang Village.
“There are now many churches which have joined as members of the NEICC and these include the Council of Baptist Churches in North East, the Mizo Synod, which is one of the churches. The author said that the foundation of the NEICC should be remembered in Edinburgh in 1910, which was a meeting of Protestant missionaries from the to preach the gospel of Jesus Christ in the 3rd World, Asia, Africa and Latin America.
Seven other cases include four from Hojai, two from Nagaon and one from Morigaon district.
Only 14 (25%) are not crorepati.
Since 2016, the election of the Sordar Shnong Mawsaw in the Dorbar Shnong has been attended by the Syiem and Officers of the Hima Nobosohphoh Syiemship.
“I need to appoint experts related to the operation of machinery to avoid interruption and the salary should be provided according to their work,” he said.
This was announced by the All Assam Manipur Students Union (AAMSU) on 24th November.
The Rotaract Club Pine City Shillong has organized a tree planting ceremony at Nongbah Village, West Jaintia Hills as part of the celebration of the 74th Independence Day of the country on Tuesday.
Shillong: Members of the KSU Upper Shillong Circle and Mawkhar Circle on Tuesday night arrested foreign workers. They were driving near the Umsyrpi Bridge in Shillong.
In the past years, we cannot say that those leaders of the Hynniewtrep people and Meghalaya have not been able to achieve their goals.
He said that there are some BCCs in West Khasi Hills which have not been working in these years so it is time to revive them.
The schemes and initiatives of the Central Government in the last five years for the welfare of the people will also be presented.
O'Brien said the TMC is saying this for the benefit of Meghalaya as it does not want to get anything from Meghalaya but as the party it is concerned for the state.
We must stand up to protect the State from falling into the darkness of darkness, ignorance and backwardness.
Fortunately, no country has yet considered India's strategy; But if Bangladesh takes the same view and then England, America takes the same view, then inevitably, many Khasi, Garo and others will have to leave. from Bangladesh and we don't know where they will go and it doesn't end there, but the Delhi, UP, Gujarat, will have to leave the US, UK and there we don't know what will happen in the country. it remains in the whole earth.
HK Singh Memorial Secondary School beat Demthring Presbyterian Secondary School 3-2
He said that there is a lot of impact on the budget and many other issues that the Government has to look after.
With this victory, Mukhla FC has qualified for the final of this year's tournament.
Wallam said that about 100 children have come to take part in the competition, out of which 200 children, Kynsai and Federick, have been selected. The selected teams will be able to do well when they arrive in Valencia or even until they are selected to play in the 4th or 3rd division tournaments in Spain.
The death toll from COVID-19 has risen to 814 with seven new deaths on Thursday.
The Deputy Commissioner (Excise), East Jaintia Hills District has declared a Dry Day across the district on the 19th of this month due to the Behdieñkhlam festival of Raij Tuber.
Riangdo, November 25: The Western Youth Federation Mawshynrut Circle under the leadership of Adviser Bah Rapskhem Syiemlieh, in the presence of Bah B Paliar Vice Chairman, Secretary and the Youth Federation of Riangdo Village, on Tuesday held a meeting with the youth organizations. On Saturday, they released the Dohkha at two places in the Riangdo River.
There is a lot of violence in every village and township where even the churches or religious groups that teach respect and morality in the marriage cannot control this evil.
At the same time, it was reported that Liam really wanted to play James Bond but he couldn't do anything because his wife didn't want him to play the role and threatened him.
Two members of the Kuki Independent Army (KIA/KIO) have been arrested by the state security forces in Manipur, Manipur said. They were involved in the theft of ammunition from the residence of members of the armed groups who are still under the ceasefire agreement with the state government.
Shillong, July 10: The body of an elderly man was found at Nongkseh, Upper Shillong on the 6th of this month.
Don't look too much at that way of making money because money is useless if you only know how to mislead and deceive people.
The last day of the celebration was enriched by songs and drills, which were attended by school children and villagers of Jowai.
“As it appears from the quarter final, both teams played hard from the start, but they didn't score.
Without it we wouldn't have good health or good income," he said.
In this state, Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan N. Sangma were the freedom fighters who fought against the tyranny of the British.
The closure of the tourist spot is due to the death of a person in Amkoi village and the funeral service will be held tomorrow.
“We appreciate Gokhale's concern, he has the right to express his feelings but to criticize the Prime Minister and the Prime Minister's Secretary is meaningless because if he wants to meet them they are ready. to meet at their office.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: The CSWO and TUR have lodged a complaint against a school teacher in Sohiong for allegedly raping a schoolgirl.
On the other hand, the family members said that if this happens, it means that their relative is not infected with COVID-19 and it is sad to experience such incidents by the health department. The village authorities have finally talked to the villagers and they will not have to go to the funeral by their relatives. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has provided only one person to explain. The rules for the burial of the deceased as it is alleged that he died of COVID-1
In 2014 and 2019, the BJP has won the elections and has not needed much support from the N.D.A. They are the ones who are in this house because you don't need anything from them.
Sam Babikian, owner of Jewels on Lake in Pasadena, California, said that on Tuesday, at about 1:45 pm, three people were killed. The robbers, who disguised themselves, shot him with a mask like a sohmarit lwet and damaged the storerooms of the shop and took away all the goods they could carry in the shop. this is your robbery.
Who can see the colors of the sun? When you are sitting alone at home.
Furthermore, the MSC through this statement would like to congratulate the three youths from Mawlangwir, namely, Donbok Elson Marweiñ, Luckystar Marweiñ and Deibanshanbor Mylliem who have been elected to lead the MSC. The 44th Senior National Softball Championship 2023 will be held in Odisha.
The SP said that Issei Sungoh, 29, has been arrested by the East Jaintia Police Station as one of the suspects involved in the IED blast in Khliehriat Police Reserve. 2021, who was later released on bail by the court.
It was established under the William Carey University Act, 2005 and operates from its premises opposite St Anthony's College, Shillong.
There are many families who earn a living from the tourists.
The District Sports Officer, Nongstoin today concluded the Football Tournament for Boys and Girls Under 12 Years. The Under-12 Block Level Open Football Tournament 2023 was held in two blocks of Mairang Block and Mawthadraishan Block. in Mawthadraishan Block, the meeting was held at the Market Square.
Some of them fled to the kingdom of Judah (Shathie).
In his first appearance, Jeremy broke the first Commonwealth Games record of 300kg (140kg snatch and 160kg in clean and jerk).
The SP of East Khasi Hills said that the two men have been arrested for their involvement in the robbery in Rilbong.
Shillong: The Board of Directors of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTC) today decided to hand over to the police for investigation into the posts on social media in the past few months. , in which the Corporation was written and defamed.
In order to fully implement this Act, the Government in collaboration with the NIC Meghalaya has taken steps to develop an Online Application to facilitate the residents (landlords/foreigners) to register themselves by which has received certification from the local authorities.
Besides Donald Thabah, Biangbor was also present.
Katto tea ma!.
Speaking to media, Bah Dhar, who is also in charge of the Urban Affairs Department, said that the government will hold a meeting on November 7 to discuss the proposal to relocate the city. The Minister also expressed his confidence that both the Harijans from Them Metor will be able to resolve the issue. this problem at this upcoming meeting.
It is to be recalled that the FKJGP, Western Zone in Ri Bhoi District has taken the initiative to express that most of the teachers have to fulfill their duties for the election duty and in Meghalaya there are only a few. There will be a re-election of the Chief Executive Members of the Legislative Assembly of the State which will be held in 2023 in the State.
We have a count of Imams because they are in mosques,” said Usha Kumar.
Jowai, Naiwieng 20: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stangi Stangi, Jowai. .
Of course I have to say that the leaders of the Bhalang should be only the leaders, but it is the people who should stand up.
From the time sin entered the Garden of Eden until before the New Testament, Satan has bound the world, until the birth of Jesus on earth, the world is still bound by them. power of darkness, and under the Law and commandments of Moses to stone him to death without mercy.
However, even after they have completed the programme, they have not stopped and this has caused a lot of trouble to the people and which can also put him in trouble because they have not asked permission from the authorities in charge of the venue. “There are also political parties who have erected these flags and slogans in government offices and this is a violation of them. Election Commission of India.
Shillong: A man has been arrested by the residents of Nongshiliang village for allegedly robbing a house at 5 pm this morning. the owner of the house who is a woman.
Regarding these issues, even those who wanted to convey to the Prime Minister were prevented from meeting face to face with the Prime Minister on the 12th in Shillong.
Vehicles and public from the SP office through the road around the DC office are prohibited from 6 AM until the end of the counting of votes.
Dozens of SHGs from all over the state took part in the two-day market.
“The SAI center in Lucknow will be outside, but we have chosen between Patiala and Delhi.
Meanwhile, the newspaper reported that Pine Mount School has three principals.
Liverpool are top of the table with 51 points, Tottenham Hotspur are second with 45 points, Manchester City are third with 44 points and Chelsea are fourth with 40 points.
Pala said the Congress party will not alliance with anyone at present, the party will contest in all 60 constituencies and at present they cannot say how many will win but the village will also in other constituencies. party how to put candidates.
He said another issue he will raise in the dorbar will be the state employment budget.
Shillong: "The minimum loss per month is T.30,000 per month from rotten jhur and jhur stores inside the market," said jhur vendors in the market. reporter on Saturday.
However, we will never be able to know all the facts because even in such cases, there are people who really take advantage to make money in many ways.
Shillong, Lber 12: U BJP MLA Bah Sanbor Shullai today clarified the law promulgated by the Central Government which states that the areas under Schedule 6 including Meghalaya will be exempt. from the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Act which was in accordance with the petition he sent to the Central Government on 19th November,
Police have also arrested two persons on suspicion of involvement in the theft of the kyiad from the truck of the owner of the stock.
The KSU leaders alleged that the students of IIM have shown to the world their bad behavior by smoking cigarettes and disrespecting those who walk and stand in the area besides playing music at night.
“You remember that in 2019 the office bearers through the Primary Units have already elected me to contest the election.
There are other constituencies which have been counted as biej and troiñ but they will show that they are clear and progressive in their way of thinking.
This shows that the people are not satisfied with the government's rule of law.
JOWAI: BSF troops of Hawaitilla BOP have seized 116 cows this month alone which were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
The people shall judge carefully before they make their decision.
Zethan is the son of Habigail Bareh and Dr. Peter Kharnary.
The OC of Saipung together with Suja rushed to the scene and found that all the workers were dead on their beds. and they found him covered with piat and sohmynken.
On the same day, the Magistrate sent by the district authorities, Doreen Lyngwa, reminded that the government has warned those shops which sell more than the price written on the goods including milk. He also urged the public not to come forward and lodge a complaint if they find that there are such shops that sell too much.
"That's right, old man," agreed the father.
He said that he is pleased that the Dorbar Shnong through the Executive Committee has implemented this scheme to build a Public Toilet, because Nongthymmai as a central village needs a public toilet especially in The residents of Raid Madan Kyrdem come to buy and sell in this village which has a central market for the residents.
There are electricity posts, signs have been installed and transformers have been installed but there is no electricity because the transformer is broken.
The NPP has done well in Garo Hills with 18 MLAs as expected to reach 26 MLAs in the 60-member Assembly.
I want a girlfriend of 18_22 years who is still free like me.
On the other hand, East Khasi Hills won the gold medal in the 81 kg category through Edegar Benneth Jana with 140 points.
BRDC Scientist, RBTHA leaders from Bah Jasper Manih President, Ellington Syiem Secretary and traditional healers from all over Ri-Bhoi and the state as a whole.
The temporary traffic jam started from Pahamsyiem area as the UDP supporters went to stand in front of the office of Bah Mayral Born Syiem who is the candidate of the UDP Nongpoh Constituency to express their support. They also accompanied the UDP candidates to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District to wait until they have filed their nomination papers.
The country's squad for the tournament now lines up prominent and strong athletes including Olympic champion Chen Yufei, Shi Yuqi and the doubles category; Zheng Siwei/Huang Yaqiong and Chen Qingchen/Jia Yifan.
a) First of all, it shall not confuse the leaders of the administrative unit.
From this we can understand that it will be a new place, which will be a little farther from the city.
After what we have seen in the past, we as the citizens, we are eager to have a new political party that can spread in all the districts of the state of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, she announced that she will soon join a new party but she has not yet announced which party.
What we mean is that let us think carefully about whom we will vote for.
All members of the Executive Committee are requested to attend the meeting, said Bah Bung.
Because those who can teach in the rural areas are such people, who themselves do not understand.
“We have prepared well for the counting day, which includes the smooth running of the EVMs and postal ballots for all the nine districts which will be counted at this venue.
“The Ballon d'Or should be divided into two parts.
Righteousness is not just knowledge of laws and the Archbishop of Canterbury, William Temple, speaking at a meeting of legal scholars, said, “I don't have knowledge of laws, but what I know and understand is the right".
There are 14 deaths and 12 of them have not been injected.
Besides these three police stations, Kyrshai village is in urgent need of a strong police station, as it is on the border with Assam.
A study on the Chernobyl accident published by the New York Academy of Sciences in 2009 found that the radiation released by the Chernobyl accident was 100 times higher than the released from the dropping of the atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in
In his nine years at the club, he has scored three goals in 45 appearances.
“The price of synsar was T.130 while now it has dropped to T.70, and now it has dropped to 60 tyngka. said Vishal.
Perhaps the No. 1 and No. 2 players of Meghalaya didn't hear the news, so they have remained silent until now.
The son of the most dangerous terrorist, Osama bin Laden, has been shot dead by the United States.
He said that both these roads to the venue of the service are dirt roads which have not been painted, but vehicles can pass through these roads including small vehicles. too.
God wants Israel to be His Priests God wants the Kingdom of Israel to be a kingdom of priests He wants Israel to be The Priestly Kingdom also wanted the land of Israel and its people to be a Holy Nation.
" He said that the state has got so many people, who are good administrators, businessmen, excellent educationists and does not need to search or hunt from outside the state for them.
The EJNC has requested the Minister to take action to resolve the issue of the parents.
They are also those who work hard to provide for their families.
The advantages we get from the Khasi kseh are that when these trees grow up, the owners of the trees earn money by selling trees for shet ka tiew or by selling diengsawdong to cut and stah. lyntang for the construction of houses or for the construction of tables, chairs, cupboards, furniture.
The union requests the authorities to look into this and also warns the NH6 to close the tollgate first, while the road is not enough.
The Chief Secretary and the DGP have directed the Chief Secretary and the DGP to talk to the relevant officials of the same rank in TN and to talk about the welfare of the people working in the state. Bihar.
They said that in fact they don't see any opposition to the party, but as leaders in the Circles and Units, we can't help but express our sorrow to see what the FKJGP has done. The Sengkmie, in this sudden withdrawal by the Sengkmie, without informing the leaders in the Circles and Units, has expressed that they want to use force without consultation.
Police have recovered a mobile phone, T4500 cash and an Alto 800 Maruti car from the robbers.
The flood lasted 40 days on the earth and the waters increased.
To improve the awareness and understanding of the public, the DC's office has also implemented the Systematic Voters Education and Electoral Participation (SVEEP).
“It’s dangerous.
“The JHADC has not done anything yet and the village authority has not received any reply even after many complaints we have lodged, and if the JHADC violates the agreement we will take responsibility to “We have banned people from farming in this forest and started planting trees again through the Namdong Village Authority,” said Elias.
Similarly, zinc if included in the daily diet helps to strengthen the immune system and reduce the risk of headaches and colds.
“Because the officer has sincerely apologized, we will not proceed to prosecute him and lift the punishment,” he said.
He said that it will take about 45 to 60 days to fully implement the new coal mining method as some parts such as environmental clearance, pollution clearance and public hearing but these are the things that can be done in the state.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Nevercare Passah, Social Secretary of JSU Central Body. The speakers on the occasion criticized the working methods of the government especially the JMB department. At the same time, these speakers on this occasion criticized the JHADC department in charge of the JMB. The soil cannot solve this problem in order to provide adequate space to avoid the spread of garbage.
"The Seng has warned that if there is any injustice against the Achik people, it will hold protests in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution as the Seng has already gathered all the people across the country. in Garo Hills.
At that time, the chairman of the meeting, said, “The announcement to the media is not the government's condolences to the media.
It is also at this time that if we cannot judge and look after our children, especially our sons, it leads to tragic incidents because it happens many times that just because of friendship, young men get involved in bad habits especially alcoholic beverages such as drugs, alcohol and other beverages.
He said that the removal of the marten from this area is necessary because this area is adjacent to the milk production area and also adjacent to the milk production area which could cause damage to these two factories. claim.
It is estimated that in 791 incidents related to insurgents, 1,050 insurgents were killed, the highest number of 257 in 2018, followed by 221 in 2020, 187 in 2022, 180 in 2021, 157 in 2019 and 50 as of May 31,
“If you look at the Reservation Policy, it is communal because it is based on education and the Job Reservation Policy is based on Khasi or Garo identity.
Besides, they have to pay fines for other crops.
In addition, it was found that there were no beds for breeding.
He spoke about the beginning of the Vikram Samvat New Year tomorrow and congratulated the students for the upcoming celebrations.
He said that farmers should be treated as citizens of the state.
Currently, the price of urea is T.242 per 45 kg of urea (excluding tax), while the actual price is T.2
The cows were seized from the border of East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
In the announcement of the results on Sunday, the BJP won a huge victory in Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan and especially in Chattisgarh, which it did not expect to win easily.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 29: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) of South West Khasi Hills District (HNYF) has aimed to expand its activities within the border of South West Khasi Hills District. There is a growing number of crimes in the villages and in the region as a whole.
They were identified as Sujit N Marak, 29, of MeECL Colony, Williamnagar, Jublune Marak, 29, of Samanda Chinemgre, EGH and Jewil Ch Momin, 20, of Nangapa Chidimit, EGH. Ringrang TG Momin, District Police Chief, said that 10 AK 56s were seized by the EGH DEF and SF-10 commandos.
Speaking to media, Congress leader and former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma said the state government has banned the people from gathering while The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has violated these rules by going around the state to hold public meetings and to hold the ribbon cutting ceremony of various projects which he has inaugurated.
The song was recorded by Wanjop Swer Rani at TMPros Studio.
There were four categories, Open, Suv, Rookie and Ladies.
Bah Sparkle Rynghang (Low Kick- 57kg), 3 Bah Bashaibha Khriam (Full Contact -63.5kg), 4 Bah Stepphyrnai Kharpein (Point Fighting -52kg), 5 Bah Hameshaniah Suiam (Point Fighting -57 kg), Bah 6 Bah Morning Star (Point Fighting-63kg), 7.
After writing the complaint, she requested the Secretary of Lumshnong to file the complaint this morning.
The voting went smoothly and without any problems.
Therefore, it deserves to have larger government offices so that there will be a closer relationship between the people of the Government and the people of the area for the purpose of working together to improve income and development.
In a statement, TUR leader Angela Rangad said that they were forced to protest because of the government's mismanagement.
Jowai, November 14: The 12-Daloi Khynroo Khyllood Committee of the Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij in a statement said that the party will hold its first meeting on 17,18/12/2022 at the headquarters of the Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij. 12-Daloi Sengkmie in Thadmuthlong C Phramer West Jaintia Hills District.
However, when it comes to the situation, the truth itself is not as clear when it comes to access to education, leadership, health care for poor women, access to drinking water. comfortable with others.
“The NDA government's aim is to expel the people of the North East especially the low paid,” he said. to Dr Mukul.
In addition, another Bye Pass road, Sutnga Bye-pass, which is 3.117 km long, is being maintained by the PWD NEC Division Jowai, which in the year 2012-2013, has been funded under the SPA scheme. crore, but they have done the same and completed only about 1 km less but those who remain have been left alone for about 2 years but the money has been released to about 2,35,23,000/- (2 klur 35 lakh, 23 thousand).
The construction of an aqueduct drainage system through the PWD road from Glory Mai (Laban) to St. John School/Church Madan Laban at a cost of 55 lakh tyngka.
“His (Bah RG Lyngdoh's) service to the people in the field of sports in the state will be remembered forever,” said the statement.
" “Her methods and steadfast determination for the cause are well known, and she possesses also an authority and character which make her esteemed among the officers and members of the the police department itself," he added.
Besides Lambokstarwell Marngar, those who attended the function included Eric Nongkynrih, Asst General Secretary, KSU CEC, Ferdynald K. Kharkamni, President KSU NKHD, Lambok Joseph Rymbai, Vice-President KSU NKHD. Lester Nongbet, President KSU Nongpoh Circle and others.
On this occasion, Abushid Barbhuiya led the reading of the Quran.
After that, the KHADC has called for a hearing on the matter several times, but now in the end Meghalaya Agrovet has won the hearing. The company has received its trading license from the District Council (KHADC).
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah PT Sawkmie in the first place congratulated the Seng Samla Mawroh for organizing such tournaments. to promote talented youth in various sports.
On the other hand, Bah Khongshei also criticized the state government for not having any policy until today even after 44 years.
He also explained to the people who attended the meeting, by talking about the policies and objectives of the BJP, as the main objective of the BJP is to bring about change and promote development. to promote income generation and to eradicate corruption in the country as a whole.
“I also want to raise the youth of the nation, many people are being treated unfairly and discriminated against especially in the rural areas because no one looks after them when they die. To win the election, this is a sad thing.
You can also download it from the District Website.
While the name Maram refers to the children of the Maharam Hima, the name Jaintia refers to the place. The Khasi, the Jaintia include the Khasi, the Siloti, the Mikir or Karbi and others. The Khasi who live to the east of the Jaintia Hima are called the Pnar and those who live to the west because they live in the north. They were called the Wars, together with the Pnars and Wars of the former Jaintia Hills.
Even the NPP and UDP have decided how many seats they will get and if they don't get enough seats to form a government, they can form a coalition government as shown by the MDA in the government. state.
The first session was conducted by Prof. MS Warjri, IQAC Coordinator, Sankardev College Shillong, Dr. Euodia B. Myrthong, Assistant Professor of Education, NEHU, Shillong and Dr. Mary Anne Jyrwa, Associate Professor and Principal in-charge, CTE (PGT) Shillong.
He said the decision of the High Court is not yet final on the suspension of the election Chairman, but it will be heard again on the 19th of this month.
Many people have demanded the removal of the statue, which is located on the outskirts of Georgia, but so far, it has not been removed from the site.
WHO Director-General Margaret Chan, speaking in Geneva, Switzerland, said the disease was spreading faster than expected.
The money will be deposited into the accounts of the relatives and the necessary documents were handed over by Bah Gabriel Wahlang and DC Nongstoiñ on Saturday, in the presence of the relatives, Tymmen Basan and Elder of the Mawlangniang Presbyterian Church.
However, the Government has not listened and has continued to implement this Act by implementing this casino in Jorabad.
Besides this celebration, Mamata Banerjee took part in many activities with children from various orphanages.
The study was led by Lingli Zhou, Department of Ophthalmology, Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, Baltimore.
The meeting was also attended by Bah Finely L Pariat, General Secretary, GTCC.
Whoever has more money, has more goods.
According to the statement, there will be many participants from schools and districts under different age groups.
Others who attended the meeting were KSU Jowai President Ewanmi Phawa, General Secretary Leonard Dhar and Nidapoi Shadap.
In the second leg, Thun FC beat Kner Sungoh (Namdong) 6-2
“The government has allocated up to Rs 120 crore for the reconstruction of 40 offices of the C&RD Block at a cost of Rs 3 crore each,” he said.
The total number of cases in India has now risen to more than 20, while the number of recoveries has risen to 13.7 lakh.
“We are determined to advocate the cause of the nation to prevent violence.
The elders have instructed the committee to lead the activities in connection with this project, such as meeting with the government authorities, to pay special tribute to this elder.
MNREDA Director Joram Beda has expressed his concern over the challenges faced by Meghalaya in the implementation of the Prime Minister's Office. the Central Government in order to address the challenges especially to manage the consumption of solar electricity.
Now I ask this question to the people, especially those who are more intelligent and don't help to explain to the poor, when we have 36 in Khasi and Jaintia Hills, why don't the people here understand to vote for In 2008, the UDP won only one seat in Garo Hills. In 2008, the UDP won only one seat in Garo Hills.
However, from the very beginning, the 1971 Land Act has been repealed.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Roland Marweiñ, Minister of Mawranglang Lai Kyntoit, Bah Roning Lyngdoh, Secretary M3K Tourism Committee, and the residents of the village.
The remaining goals were scored by Ephilis Khongwet (47') and Inri-la-i-dor Khongthaw (49' & 67') to lead Lumparing to victory.
Shillong, June 25: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday acknowledged that the government is currently considering the demand for changes in the implementation of the Roster System in the recruitment process. Reservation Policy.
However, to say that Meghalaya is a state without borders and divisions is unacceptable”.
But no more regrets now.13812:27 PM – Aug 5, 2019Twitter Ads info and privacy16 people are talking about thisVinayak@vinayak_jainNow we can buy land and property in Kashmir.
The collapse of the road has caused a lot of trouble to the pedestrians who walk and stand on the road and it was seen that the road was filled with snow and water.
“First of all, I would like to thank you for your cooperation in distributing development projects in Kongthong, a village famous for its folk songs in East Khasi Hills District, which I have received under the Saansad Gram Adarsh. Yojana,” said Prof. Sinha in a letter sent to the Prime Minister.
Those who attended the program included Dr M. Mawrie, DM&HO, Ri Bhoi, GB Military Medical Superintendent, Bah M. Dkhar, Nodal Officer, DMHP, Dr. A. Mawiong, Psychiatrist, Dr. M. Syiemlieh. Addl.DM&HO, school children and others.
On the other hand, the leaders of various sports teams expressed their gratitude to the Deputy Commissioner, who took this opportunity to take part in the support of the youth sports teams of the district. in such a time.
Of these, 59 cases have been investigated and collected and the government has recovered Rs 0.19 crore , said the CAG report. As of October 2021, there are still 47 cases under investigation and follow-up. dien you are still walking.
JOWAI: U Lakhon Dkhar, CEM JHADC from Sohmynting Khliehtyrshi, has held a public meeting before filing his nomination papers.
The Seng Kutsnem is a celebration of the victory of the right against all kinds of temptations, temptations, temptations and deceptions.
This Ordinance shall be sent to the Lat for approval.
SR Sen was accompanied by other government officials.
He said that the teaching profession will face many problems, low salary, delayed salary and others and he said that the government itself will do the best. especially for teachers in terms of solving their problems.
Finally, when it comes to new parties like the VPP, it is too early to judge them, but how many people have decided not to spend money on such a festival once a year.
On the part of the political parties in the state, it was the Congress party which was the first to start to celebrate.
He said the party is also ready to reach an agreement with other parties for the MDC elections in KHADC. Dkhar.
The ceremony was led by one of the elders of Raij Marngar, accompanied by the Chairman of the Committee, Rgh Skor Jala, Rgh Hambok Kharmawphlang, Rgh Donbokstar Kurkalang, Rgh Romeo, In which the ceremony was held again, the ceremony was held as a sign of the consecration of the ceremony to this Mawkynthei.
On the other hand, the leaders of TULBA said that this is the first time that the organization has decided to celebrate the World Blood Donor Day to donate blood to save many souls who need blood urgently especially in times of crisis. injuries and other illnesses and perhaps through this step that TULBA has come forward will also be an example to many people who have the spirit to donate blood to go to the Blood Banks.
Rev Moore, pastor of the Seamen's Chapel in Glasgow, visited the young man who was seriously ill in hospital and after this encounter he composed this song in
If you read English books, you don't know a single word.
Angela Ryngad has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 15th of this month, unidentified persons have seized goods worth T.50,000 from the GS Road area. and Khyndail.
The fire broke out inside the house and the Fire and Emergency Services (F&ES) Police fought until late in the afternoon. 10:00 pm.
The match will be played on the 15th October and will also be the opening day of the tournament.
The party urges the people to refrain from working, visiting or doing anything with the Doloi as the party will not take responsibility for those who go against the orders of the party.
The HNYF has seized a cylinder vehicle suspected to be supplying cylinders without proper documents driven by Bah Ialam Makri. The HNYF has lodged a complaint against the Ialam Gas Agency.
He said that in the 3rd Raliang Constituency, the people are facing difficulties in coming and going because the leaders have failed to meet the needs of the people.
In the women's category, Shillong Labet will play against Phudmuri at 11 pm and in the men's category, Black Mamba will play against Nongpdeng 'B'
Shillong: At the ceremony of honoring the MDCs held at Smit today, the CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, on Tuesday criticized the government for introducing the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act. The law shall specify the Entry and Exit Point or entry and exit gates.
RSS General Secretary Ram Lal and Arun Jaitley, one of the senior BJP leaders, met BJP President Rajnath Singh at his residence. Amit Shah, the senior leader of the BJP in charge of Uttar Pradesh, was also present in the last elections.
Shillong: Nangkiew Irat beat Malki FC 3-2 in the Shillong Premier League on Saturday at the SSA Stadium in Polo.
In a statement sent to the media, they said that they have turned the indefinite strike into a strike which they will not submit any reports to the relevant authorities. watch.
During his visit, Ma Pala met with Dr WR Kharlukhi, President of the NPP and other party office bearers.
According to Bah Teibor Pathaw, this is a case on the Employee Provident Fund (EPF) of the employees while he was running an agency.
Another leader of the newly formed National Liberation Council of Rural Development (NLCN) has been arrested by police from Iewduh area, Shillong on Friday morning.
The road from Motphran to Bimola, Bijoi area has been filled with poi ei which has blocked the road and disrupted the traffic.
Over the past two years, 2020 and 2021 have been difficult times to think about happiness.
The meeting convened by the new CEM, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem at the office of KHADC on 5th July on the new UCC Act, was a very pleasant meeting, as several Chiefs attended. Hima Nongsynshar and Seng Bhalang from Khasi Hills, in the presence of Dy.CEM Bah PN Syiem, other members of the Executive Committee and some dignitaries, discussed the Government of India's intention to introduce the the new Uniform Civil Code (UCC) throughout India.
Punit Bisht's highest score was 343 runs against Sikkim and he scored more runs tomorrow.
Besides, the residents said that in these two days, they could not complete the work due to the lack of stones to be placed in the pits, and the areas that have been destroyed. and in this present time also.
Journalists entered the room and AICC General Secretary for Meghalaya Luizinho Faleiro held a meeting with journalists.
“Through this decision, the extension has increased from 32 years to Scheduled Tribes (STs) and now to 37 years,” he said.
However, although the newspapers in the state have not written anything about the curfew imposed by the insurgents as usual every year, it has been seen that the newspapers in Assam and also in India like Zee News have wrote that the rebel groups had called a curfew on Republic Day.
The East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) will soon hold its 1st Open Veteran Football Tournament (40-Above) at the Artificial Turf Stadium in Diengshynrum, Khliehriat.
It is worth mentioning that the holding of Municipal elections in the state has been a controversial issue as the Sengbhalang and the ruling party have opposed, as they have admitted that in the state under the 6th Schedule there is no need. to hold Municipal elections.
He said that the protests have already been announced and all that remains now is to announce them publicly.
The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) has been working hard to recover the unpaid electricity bill by fighting in courts and tribunals to recover the amount of Rs 140 crore.
There are 125 new cases and 233 recoveries.
He gave an example of the election of a leader when a candidate spends money; The people rejoiced in the money and gave themselves up and ate the money and it was worth it.
On the other hand, the KSU also invites the youth of the area to join the KSU.
After the arrest of the two suspects, police took them to Umsning CHC for medical examination before appearing in court. They were taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for testing and then admitted to Mawsyntai District Jail.
The prices quoted for hotels such as ITC Narmada and Hyatt Regency are more than T.2 lakh for the night of the final.
The Synod also expresses its gratitude to the Chief Minister, Adelbert Nongrum MLA, WR Kharlukhi MP Rajya Sabha and other members of the Cabinet, MLAs, MDCs, civil society, private sector and others who were willing to participate and take part in this tragic incident.
(8) If you have to prepare Matters or Subjects that have a relationship, you should not prepare to follow the relationship because the closer the relationship, the greater the conflict between them.
The clash between the Karbi and Khasi Pnars in Block-1 is no longer a recent incident but it has been 72 years since the Assam government forcibly separated Labang Nangphyllut & Pangam Raliang from Jowai. Civil Sub-Division and merged it into the United Khasi Hills District instead of being incorporated into the United Khasi Hills District during the creation of the District Councils in 1951-52. The most prominent and public announcements are in 1971-72, 2002-03, 2015 and this year which started on 15.4.2023 and has been going on for almost two months.
There is power behind the words we speak and we cannot understand the power only if we pay attention to the meaning of the words.
These are the things we put behind us.
Shillong, Jymmang: The Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Mawprem, Shillong, which met on the 4th of this month, has decided that no political party, civil society or religious organization who intends to hold the Public meetings in Lower Mawprem, will have to seek permission from the Dorbar Shnong to avoid conflict of date and time with others who have the same purpose.
The IMD has warned that in the next 24 hours, there will be thunderstorms and thunderstorms, with wind speeds between 30 to 40 kilometers per hour and thunderstorms. rain, heavy, in parts of the state.
They allegedly stole Rs 158 crore in the years 2014-2018 by advertising to the newspapers, which were lost in Bihar and elsewhere.
The reason why they suspected these leaders of Maskut Elaka is because before the damage to crops, there was a warning to the farmers of Larnai and after the warning, there was a warning to the farmers of Larnai. “It was on Monday that they found that their farmland had been damaged and immediately lodged a complaint with the Ummulong Beat House Police Station,” said Waheh Shnong Koyas Kharbihthai. .
This should not end here, but the government needs to take measures to monitor and promote such activities related to environmental protection.
This has affected his mind and he has a goal that if he wins, he will immediately eradicate this behavior because it is very bad.
In this regard, he announced that the state government has directed and ordered all government employees to arrive on time at their workplaces and also to refrain from taking leave from time to time.
to advocate for the people and also to work for the benefit of the people.
Pankaj Das, State Head North East, Mowsam Khaund, Assam Territory Manager, Faiyaz Alam, State Engineering, BPCL officials were also present on the occasion. Pankaj Doley, Shillong Engineering Officer and others.
Besides the success of their demand, the farmers, most of whom are women, have urged the state government to recognize this group and also , they should have leave or to stay at home during the time of illness or during the time of childbirth, because as it has been in the past years, these farmers have never had leave and they have to leave. work even when they are physically ill or when they are pregnant.
The Union wants the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to ban the market and not to allow the market to be held every day but to respect the market once a month.
He took 22 wickets in the tournament.
He said that in 2023, the contest will be between Bah George B Lyngdoh, the incumbent MLA of the AITC, and the candidates of the Congress, UDP and NPP. When asked which party they will join, Bah Albinus said he has not decided yet but his supporters are more interested in the Congress party.
Amlarem, Lber 28: Seven villages around the Nongtalang CHC in an emergency meeting have strongly opposed the Government's plan to hand over the Nongtalang CHC to NGOs. Those who worked there have done their job properly from the doctor who was there to the employees and they have done their job properly.
"On land, Prof GG Swell supports the custom of holding land which has been inherited as rij raij and kur land.
The funeral of the remains will be held on the 29th of this month.
Almost every day the state has lost lives especially those who are elderly and those who do not have physical illnesses due to this Covid 19 pandemic. On the 10th June 2021, East Khasi Hills District, which is one of the districts with the highest number of cases, has witnessed the death of 5 people who have been infected with Covid-1 19 in the past 24 hours after the second outbreak of the coronavirus in Meghalaya.
:In a raid on 8th November 2023, the 4th Battalion of BSF Meghalaya has arrested 375 bottles of Phensedyl and sugar from India. to Bangladesh through the international border of East Khasi Hills, Meghalaya.
“This woman is suffering from high blood pressure and has no symptoms of COVID-19,” said the Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang.
Khliehriat, June 25 : The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle, has expressed its deep sorrow and grief over the release of Bangladeshi authorities who have smuggled into India as has happened in the past. On the other hand, the union suspects that there are groups of people who have smuggled into India through the forest at Kuliang and also by crossing the Apha River. the village of Kuliang.
It is worth mentioning that in the past few days, rumors have spread that the Chief Minister DR. Mukul Sangma will contest from two constituencies but after the sale of ticket forms by the Congress party it was confirmed that the Chief Minister will not contest. Tonsing N Marak didn't respond.
The proverb says, “And the prosperity of fools shall destroy them” (Prov. 1:32); These are the days when it cannot be said that everyone is striving for that level of wealth to strive for prosperity to obtain the necessities in all aspects.
As Governor he showed that he was skilled and the Caesars of the Roman Empire were very pleased because he supported them on various occasions.
144 CrPC.Nongstoiñ, Naitung 12 : The Special Judge of the Court (POCSO) has imposed section 144 CrPC on the coke factories. West Khasi Hills District has sentenced a 15-year-old girl to 20 years imprisonment for raping a 15-year-old girl.
In a statement, the Minister said that it is the duty of the state government to protect the indigenous people of the state, and the government will take special measures to ensure that to the court that sla.
Shillong: Mawlai Sports Club have qualified for the Shillong Premier League on Tuesday after beating Sawmer SC 2-1 at the JN Stadium, Polo.
The program concluded with the awarding of prizes to the winners of the exhibition including HK Singh Memorial School, Jowai, St. Michael English School and Loompyrdi Iongpiah UPS SSA. , 13: Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat today held a One Day Workshop on the National Education Policy (NEP). 2020 in the Conference Room of the college where Rakkam A. Sangma, Minister of Education, Government of Meghalaya was the chief guest.
To express their opposition to this order of the Hima Mylliem, the people of Mylliem have held a signing ceremony, which is also a witness and to show that the people still trust Bah Ioannis Narleng to continue as Rangbah. The registration will be sent to the office of the Hima Mylliem, the District Council and the office of the Deputy Commissioner, so that the relevant authorities can see the truth.
“We have sent a proposal that those who are uneducated should receive more than T.400 per day, those who are skilled should receive T.700 per day,” said Thomas.
The ceremony was enriched by the dance and song performed by the staff of JHDS along with some of the children who attended the programme.
Several groups have been selected to support the children and teachers on a monthly basis.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The Khasi Jaintia Farmers Association (KFA) has met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Banwarilal Purohit to explain to him the problems faced by the farmers in the state. The Governor will urge the State Government to take the necessary action regarding the rights of the farmers.
According to a statement from the state government, the evening market will start from the 19th and will continue till the 31st October this year.
He said that the Government of India has allocated assistance to the state to improve the roads to promote tourism and now the state wants to facilitate the tourists by The airport will carry passengers directly from Delhi or Kolkata to Shillong without having to travel to Guwahati.
The youth was seriously injured when he was hit by the Bolero pickup and was rushed to Shillong Civil Hospital by his friends who were with him at the time of the incident. He was taken to Supercare Hospital for further treatment.
KHNAM also expressed its concern that the government has forgotten the students by delaying their rights which they should have received through this special allocation. The share of government students is now more focused on paying money to the foreigners who came to surrender.
To eradicate the diseases of the farmers, especially the sikhuti.
Shillong has been surrounded by troops without shlems from the city to the outskirts of the city and spread to the villages.
He said that even the RTI seekers have already searched the DHS (MI) office while the doctor was still on duty and as requested by the RTI seekers, they have given the figures and they have not found anything. any a misuse.
Shillong: Police have recovered the body of Dominic Kharkongngor (23) from a river in Laitkroh, East Khasi Hills today.
Lucifer is an angel, a cherub of a beautiful and wise God, a singer and musician of Heaven.
These households who have not yet received this water through the JJM scheme say that they have to draw water from the church toilet to clean themselves, because we don't have water.
Shillong, October 20: U Sutnga MLA Hopeful Bamon on Tuesday said that the people of Hingiria, Huroi area on the border with Bangladesh, have been going to Bangladesh for treatment and medicine. those who are in the area are far away.
It is a country that has better understood the consequences of the acts of violence committed by organizations and groups without any knowledge.
What do you think of the people? In your feelings and in your visions.
They don't have the power, they don't have the knowledge to help the people if they don't have the government.
On behalf of the farmers, the party said it will continue to support the farmers of the state through flagship programs like FOCUS and FOCUS+.
As a person who loves music, the children, grandchildren, grandchildren and friends of Bah RG Lyngdoh have given their last song to their friend. I sang it when I was on earth.
However, SCA-A, which won the toss, scored 66 runs.
“We support the PDF under the leadership of Bah Pynshngain not for politics but for the sake of the nation,” said Bah Nongrum.
But Jesus said to her (John 4:20), “The true worshipers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth.
Only 32 teams will be accepted, the closing date for applications will be 4th November
On this occasion, Bah Ivanlumlang Marbaniang, President, in the presence of Bah AL Nonglait, Finance Secretary, Bah AL Nonglait, Finance Secretary, Bah Dipshon Ryntathiang and others.
Nongrum also complained that the state government has not appointed him to be a member of the High Level Committee, as he is the MLA of the constituency, while other MLAs who from the outside, was included in the committee.
On the other hand, Rahul Gandhi said that only the Indian National Congress has such an impartial party when it comes to elections to elect party leaders. .
Shillong is known as an education hub where people from the North East come to study in this city but it should be considered what is the quality of education in the state as well as in the city.
When asked about the measures taken by the government and the Society to prevent the spread of the disease, Dr B Decruce said that the Society has taken many measures to explain how and prevent the spread of the disease. affect this disease.
Khimmusniang scored 191 runs for the loss of 10 wickets.
They said that the inspection of the Joint Boundary Working Group (JBWG) between India and Bangladesh in 2010-11 was not satisfactory.
“We want to see the suffering of the Tibetans end and this is our main goal and we will not demand separation from China if we get independence,” he said.
In a statement, the Symbud Myntri in charge of Home (Police), Prestone Tynsong, said that the decision was taken after a terrible fire broke out in Khyndailad.
“Regarding the traders, they have criticized the BJP-led Assam government, where they have found it difficult to work in the state when I left one district. “In one district, people say that the Congress is better than the BJP,” he said.
Therefore, if we have a strong will on the part of the government to think about them, by arresting them or taking them to hospitals so that these people can regain their mental strength. it will be a great help.
Furthermore, what surprised them was that on the 6th of July, when the people led by Bah Ardent went to the Secretariat, Bah Ardent after a meeting with the government ministers, announced that The government has sent a letter within 24 hours to MeECL and PHE not to cut off electricity or water to the people as they have demanded a letter through MUDA. MeECL and PHE have not yet supplied electricity or water without the permission of MUDA. MUDA but the reply received from them is that there is no order from the government that they should provide electricity even without the permission of MUDA. One of the MDCs who took part in the protest against MUDA, Latiplang Kharkongor, said that he does not know where the 50 sq.km area started. work and where it will end.
Students are facing problems because there are not enough classrooms to sit in and there are many other needs that should be provided at the college,” said Bernard.
New Delhi, July 6: The Ministry of Home Affairs (MoHA) has warned that there will be a stronger earthquake than the one that occurred on Sunday. The next earthquake will measure up to 8.2 on the Richter scale or stronger than that. This is because there has been no earthquake in the eastern parts of the country. inside the ramew at the foot of the mountain mangkashang.
Regarding these problems, the village leaders of the area, have requested the state government, that all these border villages and Khasi villages “They should not fall into Meghalaya,” he added.
It is also very sad that the poor, if they are slow or unable to pay their electricity bill for several months, have been severely punished by the government.
Shillong Lajong will play again at home on the 14th of November against Sreenidi Deccan from Hyderabad at 2 pm at the SSA Stadium, Polo, Shillong.
The 4th Maximum Attack Challenge, organized by the Motor Sports Association of Bhoirymbong, has concluded at the Kurkalang Field in Bhoirymbong. Meghalaya in collaboration with Young Minds.
Therefore, the NTC invites the public to apply for this housing assistance scheme through the office of the District Urban Affairs, Nongpoh by 4th July 2023 with the necessary documents. Voter's ID card, Aadhar Card of applicants and children, Income Certificate, Letterhead, bank passbook and 2 passport photographs.
The union will hold a sent off ceremony at the SSA Stadium on the 15th of October (Tuesday) at 12 noon.
Mukul Sangma is expected to file his nomination papers on Tuesday, which is also the last day.
It is witnessed that the Riwar Pynursla area on Tuesday 29th June 2024, due to the strong wind which lasted for several days has caused the rivers to flood and the river Umngot to rise rapidly. The Dawki Road Jingkieng, in addition, it has been witnessed through the videos received that the flooding on all the roads to Rum Langkyrdem and other places in these areas. The road has been closed due to the landslide, hills and rock fall in many places which has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of the area.
The members of the family include these four persons and all of them died in the landslide.
Diamonds may be the closest piece of jewelry to women, but gold jewelry is a timeless dream.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, another farmer said, “We as farmers are still waiting for the rain but the heavy rain and cold have lynshop and damaged all the crops inside the fields”.
On the issue of land title by the Hima Mylliem in Them Metor, Pynshngaiñ said that the Hima Mylliem has made a mistake by issuing title without going to verify and without agreeing with the Municipal.
The beauty of this place has struck the Siem and his followers as if they were sleeping lyngngai in the middle of Myntdu, while the hills and valleys, the beautiful forests and the beautiful nights. and they shall go up and down, and shall cover it.
He said that according to this technology he searched on the internet and found that there is an Asian Book of Records which can prove that he can walk for many hours and after he has completed the Indian Book of Records. Records has completed the Asian Book of Records.
Speaking to media on the railway project in the state, Sangma said, “I have met the Minister of Railways, Government of India, and I have requested him that these are the parts that we need. to associate and receive support from those who participate.
Speaking to media, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said he did not want to say anything on the demand of many to divide the state because the more states there are, the more beautiful it will be.
Truth does not come by force, and money has no power and cannot buy it.
Many said that if they reveal anything to the school principals, the teachers will punish their children.
On the other hand, the government through the district authorities has purchased only one motor tan um which was released today by some Khar Nepalis who called for help.
Sohra, March 26: BJP Spokesperson Nalin Kohli, while addressing a public meeting of the BJP party held at Maraikaphon Square, Sohra today, said that under the rule of the BJP government in the last three years, The government has given a lot of thought to how to develop the North East and that is why during the 3 years of its rule the Union Ministers have visited the region more than 200 times. “It's been more than 200 times since the BJP ruled that Union Ministers have come here. When did you see Union Ministers during the Congress rule?” Nalin said. Kohli.
Jowai, July 30: One of the NGOs to look after and protect the uniqueness of Wah Myntdu, known as “Khooid Ya Ka Wah Myntdu” has announced that it will hold a Dorbar Paidbah on 03/0 /2024 from 12 noon at Yungwalieh Raij Dorbar Shnong, Jowai.
Regarding the demand to upgrade the PHC to CHC, Bah AL Hek said the government relies on the health authorities to look into it and if it is really necessary to upgrade it, there is no problem. On the other hand, speaking on the upgradation of Byrnihat PHC, the Minister said that the Byrnihat PHC will soon be upgraded to CHC. In the state, the Minister said that at present the government intends to upgrade many of the health centers which really need to be upgraded, as the fund has been sufficient which is up to T. crore tyngka, but even so, the government will think carefully, so that even if it is increased, it will not have any impact.
The nature of man is made of blood which God distinguishes from all other creatures.
“The commodities or goods sold in the first place are outside us, those that satisfy the needs of people in one way or another.
Speaking on the occasion, the KSU leaders said that the KSU will not accept the new bill passed by the BJP government which is a big obstacle especially for the KSU. Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan.
Jowai, June 23: The children of the Seiñ Raij Jowai today took part in the annual 'Shad Sukra' festival, before the children of thousands of people went to the fields to plant seeds. and he shall sow in the hope of reaping the fruitful fruit.
He said that after this, police have arrested three more robbers from Pynursla who were involved in the theft.
But the most interesting thing is that the Samaritans said – “Now we believe NOT BECAUSE OF YOUR SAYING but because we have heard for ourselves and we know – THAT THIS IS TRULY THE CHRIST THE SAVIOR PYRTHEI.This Man is really the SAVIOUR OF THE WORLD" John 4:4
The President of the Seng Kmie, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani will announce the items to be discussed at the meeting.
He said that the reason why the village has been facing such floods is because there are no people in charge of providing the drains. , where the lack of drainage system has caused the residents of the village to face such floods, even though the rainfall is only temporary.
The thought of common interest has disappeared, there is always selfish interest and we have forgotten our country which loves us.
The emergence of JETS24x7 is due to unemployment,” he said.
Dignitaries who attended the opening ceremony included the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, the Minister of Cooperation, Ma Comingone Ymbon and others. leader of the area.
But they do it just to see people.
In the next 24 hours, rain is expected in Shillong and surrounding areas, while in parts of the state, thundershowers, thunderstorms and cold weather are expected, the statement said. from the Ministry of Environment, Government of India.
Jowai, Naitung 29: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) Jaintia Hills District (HANM) in a statement sent by Domonmi SDkhar, General Secretary, said that the protest program organized by the party will continue smoothly as planned. announcement in the next few days.
Replying to a question, the Minister said that they are still waiting for the letter from the Hima and once they have received it, they are ready to appoint.
Vehicles will not run at all on these days, said Farhad Hossain, Minister of Public Administration, Bangladesh.
These types of infectious diseases such as stroke, cancer, high blood pressure, respiratory diseases and others have been raised.
Poverty is tied to every corner of the house.
He said that he was also present in the House in the recently concluded Budget Session. He also reminded the Congress Leader that he and other MLAs who spoke in the House regarding the issue of budget session. During the spread of COVID-19 to provide assistance to the poor.
The National President of the BJP Mahilia, Vanathi Srinivasan, before leaving for Shillong for a visit to Shillong, met with BJP leaders in Nongpoh. BJP leaders and supporters as part of the strengthening of the BJP party in the upcoming 2023 general elections in the state.
Jowai Traffic Police have imposed a No Entry on Thomas Jones Road to reach the DC Office.
The man was working inside the petrol pump and at the time of the incident he was cooking in the kitchen.
IV/2023/151 Dated 7th July, 2023 and Order No: EJHD/GENL.261/COKE/Pt.
The investigation is ongoing.
Others who attended the function included the Dolloi of Satpator D. Lakasiang, the Rangbah Shnong of Trangblang, R. Pohdweng, the SDO of Amlarem Sub Division, YR Mawlong, MCS, and others. Pdengshakap Secondary School, UP School, students of Pdengshakap Secondary School, UP School, while the welcome speech was delivered by Er.
Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit has denied the allegation by S Osborn Kharjana, Congress Candidate from Sohiong Constituency, that Ardent has sent VPP supporters to support the Congress in This election is held in Sohiong.
Shillong, October 4: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Village Administration Bill (KHADC) will be sent to the Governor immediately.
The people of Bihar and Jharkhand will take to the streets if anything happens to him.
So I asked one of the elders why those people were sitting outside when there was still room inside.
A source from the investigation team said the supporters of the two arrested, Mussavir Hussain Shazib and Abdul Matheen Taahaa, were foreigners.
The Chief Minister has announced the creation of new blocks including Mawlai in East Khasi Hills, Bhoirymbong in Ri Bhoi District, Demdema in West Garo Hills and Rerapara in South West Garo Hills. Hills.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang, 31: The District Legal Services Authority (DLSA), Mawkyrwat in collaboration with the District Medical & Health Officer (DM&HO), Mawkyrwat The World No Tobacco Day was celebrated at Mawlangwir Higher Secondary School, Mawlangwir today under the theme, “We need food, not tobacco”.
On receipt of the letter, the MTC authorities through their lawyers requested the complainants to withdraw the case and negotiate peace and settle outside the court.
Shillong: Ka Sohra, has received heavy rainfall today.
On the other hand, the Minister in charge of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, while speaking on this occasion, said that in fact, they have already discussed within the government that the vehicles carrying agricultural products should be used. They are not allowed to enter any part of Meghalaya.
Synrem said that the State Government is committed to the implementation of the ILP. He said that the Prime Minister Conrad K. Sangma has not stopped trying to implement the ILP in Meghalaya. and that there have been many discussions between the Government of Meghalaya and the Central Government on this issue.
Since the past few years, as soon as there have been any violence by Assam in these two areas, the entire state has been in turmoil.
Oversharp Iawphniaw scored four goals in the 16th minute, Johny Tangsang scored two goals in the 28th and 49th minutes and Thrainsing Khongiong scored one goal in the 29th minute.
Speaking to reporters, Dr. Shangpliang said the party does not oppose anyone who criticizes the President or the party leaders, but if the comments are too excessive and rude, the party will not refuse. to complain, not to seek reproof, but to teach and admonish.
Kong Nongrum said that in their view, as women, it is not the case that these three persons, who have been arrested, are young men, who have committed illegal acts, because they are responsible. good in the village and in the town and those who live in honor.
When he looked at these fish, he found that they were all dead and their death was due to the heat of the sun.
Shillong, Lber 20: The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeCEL) has clarified that the increase in electricity tariff is due to the protests by civil society in the state in the past months and the increase in holidays. in November, 2013.
The Minister said that nearly 300 rooms have been prepared for the participants.
He was the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Nonglum for 55 years.
He said that the public hearing has been held twice, one on 19th March 2019 and the other on 30th July 2020 and both of them have been canceled due to opposition from various groups.
On the other hand, Laitkor beat Sohiong 3-2 in the third division.
I don't think the Governor will send it to the Home Ministry without the permission of the Council of Ministers, because Article 163 says that anything is the advice of the Council of Ministers,” said Bah Syiem.
She said they will have to sign an agreement with the government and if found guilty, the government will remove the share even if they have received the share.
In the second half after the break, Ryntih struggled to turn the tide but many chances were missed which encouraged Mawlai.
Police said that on the night of 31.07.2023, after receiving a tip on the presence of two drug traffickers who came in an Alto from Tripura with Police have launched a search operation at Umtya village and seized the vehicle.
They said that besides the security measures, the police should also arrest and prosecute these people under the law to reduce such illegal activities in the area.
Speaking to reporters, Pawan Baghel said that after the registration of all the youths who wish to join the Congress party, the party will hold elections to elect the office bearers and those who can vote. Votes shall be given only to those members who have been informed, in which the election of office bearers will start from Booth Level, Assembly Constituency Level, Lok Sabha Level and State Level.
Grassroots Shillong has distributed food items including rice and other items to 22 households without ration cards at Pamrapaithlu village, East Jaintia Hills District on Monday.
He added that the reason why he left Mawïong was because of the lack of water, but with the introduction of this scheme, in the coming years he will be able to come back to live in this village.
He said that as the High Court has stated that it is the Legislative Assembly and the Government which should discuss and decide on the year to implement the Roster System. to do this most important and urgent task.
According to the KSU and RBYF leaders, these foreigners were planning to leave for Jowai, because they were sent by a foreign contractor, who has works in Jowai. .
On the other hand, the union has expressed its regret over this incident and at the same time expresses its anger because the union suspects that it is the Bangladeshi Dkhars who have committed this crime.
Shillong, July 31: Malki SC on Saturday won the 1st Division Football League 2023-24 against Umphyrnai at the SSA Ground, Polo. SC.Referring to the match which started at 2:45 pm, Umphyrnai SC scored the first goal after 8 minutes of the first half. Isharwell Mukhim to lead the match.
The longer you delay, the more difficult it will be for young people looking for work.
Shillong: After a group of owners and maintainers of bridges in Meghalaya, the Living Bridges Foundation has expressed its opposition to the The Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MBDA) has urged the state government to not consult with the land owners and caretakers of the tree bridges before it fights to declare the areas as heritage sites. The Rangbah Shnong of Mawlyndun, Bah C Khongsdam, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlyndun, Bah Esting Khongmawloh and others. They also expressed their acceptance of the explanation of Sanjiv Shankar who was appointed by the MBDA to be one of the experts or consultants on the tree bridges.
During the meeting, Conrad briefed the missions that the government has implemented from the Muga Mission, Aroma Mission and Lakadong Mission and also briefed the issues related to border issues.
No one was injured in the incident except for the damage to the house.
“From now on, we will continue to hold the Turshaphrang Excellent Awards if there are those who do well,” said George Lyngdoh.
Mayank Shah, chief executive officer of Parle, said about 8,000 to 10,000 people would be laid off due to the decline in income.
The tournament will continue on Sunday at 11 pm.
The blaze was also heard from the scene of the fire.
Two KLO members who were killed in the shootout with the security forces include Abhijit Deka of Rowta and Nipon Roy of Bongaigaon.
They said that the gang had committed the crime at a hired workshop in the factory area of ​​Sector 63 in Noida in the past six months. she is estimated to have duped and defrauded more than 300 people out of billions of dollars.
However, if there is misuse by the village headmen, this plan of the Government that has already been framed to uplift that village, does not give good results.
Therefore, any meeting should be outside the party as well.
Two police stations and a government office of the Meghalaya Government Construction Corporation (MGCC) in Shillong have been attacked by petrol bombs by unidentified robbers on Tuesday morning. .
“Next month we will meet with the Minister of Transports to discuss this,” said Bah Nongkynrih.
Entry forms can also be obtained from the offices of the BDOs of Mairang and Mawthadraishan Block during office hours.
Why did the voters in Garo Hills elect Agatha Sangma again, even though the NPP is an ally of the BJP? Agatha defeated Dr Mukul Sangma of the Congress with 304455 votes while Dr Mukul Sangma received 240425 votes.
The income from the coal mining industry will reach only a few officials while the people will no longer be able to work in the coal mining industry.
At the time of writing, it was reported that vehicles are no longer allowed to pass through the road and it is expected that the road construction department will immediately remove these landslides so as not to disrupt traffic. this is the road.
However, this too could not be completed and the government canceled the agreement on 30 November 1996.
The Budget Session of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has approved the budget for the year 2023-24 which is less than T.30,60,14,100/-. friday.
Nangkiew SC have finished their season in the SPL 2023 with only 3 points by beating Sawmer SC. Nangkiew SC are standing alongside Nongthymmai SC but lower than her counterpart.
He said that Conrad Sangma should not mislead the public by blaming the Indian government and the party said that there are three rivers near the proposed mining site. The distance of the mining site from Wahlukha is 1.38km, there is also an eco sensitive zone which is only 0.25km away and there is also a Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary The permission of the company to mine coal from this area will destroy the environment and the hills and rivers will collapse and the color of the Lukha River will change from now on. Shaniahlang Suchen, President HANM Jaintia Zone, said that the union will lodge a complaint with the NGT without taking other measures to remove the permit of the company.
The IDF also acknowledged that some of its troops had entered parts of Gaza as warplanes continued to strike and destroy Hamas camps in Gaza.
Shillong: U Bah Blanding Warjri, MDC who just won the mid-term elections, has applied for a ticket from the Congress to contest the MDC elections this time.
Israel has ordered 1.1 million civilians living in eastern Gaza to leave their homes immediately and move to the west. of Gaza, within 24 hours.
“It is highly suspected that these Dkhars have received a residential certificate from the Rangbah Shnong, but we have not been able to meet them face to face,” said Samla Ennocent.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Madan Shangpliang said that their participation in this tournament not only helps in football but also helps in maintaining a healthy body.
“We have also held a meeting in Assam and we have suggested that if the Congress comes to power in Delhi, the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 should not be passed by the BJP,” he said. .
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that the HPC has requested to discuss the matter with its people and will inform the Government at the meeting scheduled for the 25th. April.
The LRS fees have been revised and the recognition fees have been reduced from T.1,00,000.00 to T.60,000.00 for MSMEs and women entrepreneurs.
When the Israelites wanted, God allowed them because they did not believe in His Son Jesus Christ, and God allowed the Israelites to fulfill what they wanted.
Shillong, Jymmang, 27: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, on Tuesday expressed his concern over the shortage of doctors in Meghalaya. around the State health facilities.
Furthermore, the union leaders said that they have already informed the employees of Jio Company to improve the tower.
Mawkhar got an indirect free-kick in the 29th minute after Malki goalkeeper Rihoklang Khongjoh held the ball for a long time, but Mawkhar couldn't score.
He said the Model Code of Conduct will come into force once the date is announced by the Election Commission of India and will expire until the end of the elections.
Pachiang is currently studying law at Shillong Law College.
As the union, we urge the Government to take these days as special days not only by giving holidays but to ensure that the present and future generations will not forget their heroes.
If you want to buy this product, please contact us at SUPPLY ONLINE.
The virus was found by a schoolboy in his plate.
Speaking to media on Friday, the Vice Chancellor said that he has not received any e-mails from the principals of the schools saying that they do not want to implement the NEP.“NEHU has taken a step to move forward with the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP) even though there are one or two opponents, but not a single Principal has sent it. “I don't want to implement the National Education Policy,” said the Vice Chancellor.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 30: The Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA-CB) under the leadership of its General Secretary Samla L Talang and members of the SBYWA has visited the India-Bangladesh border areas. This includes the villages of Hingaria, Huroi, Lai Long Lahalein and other border villages.
However, she didn't want to say anything because she just spoke without knowing that she had been killed again.
Meghalaya has 60 MLAs and only three MPs, two in the Lok Sabha and one in the Rajya Sabha.
She also urged the filmmakers to make beautiful films so that the public can support them as they have spent the fare when they come from the village.
In the final match, Umphyrnai SC beat Sohryngkham SC 4-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
“The last time he (Ardent) visited Nongshken MDC constituency of Grace Mary Kharpuri, he alleged that Prestone and Grace were involved in corruption. It is time for the people to vote for the VPP because it stands on the basis of 'Clean Politics' and clean governance.
Speaking to media, NEHUSU President Ready First June Nongbsap said that the power outage has affected the students especially those who are still in the middle of various examinations.
The District Transport Officer (DTO) of East Garo Hills, Gene Kelly G. Momin, has been arrested by the Assam Police for allegedly finding irregularities in the issuance of number plates to vehicles. who steal or do not pay taxes.
Sikkim won the toss and elected to bat first, but were reduced to 63 runs for the loss of five wickets before Palzor (79) and Saurav Kumar Prasad (36) added 77 runs. team before the fall of the sixth wicket.
He can relate to everything from big to small..." said one of them.
Shortly after President Murmu inaugurated the MG-2024, many players complained that they did not get food on time.
According to the department, the number of cows suspected to have died of the disease so far is 43 cows.
He was a liar from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. He is the father of lies" John 8:42-4
He said that teachers, parents and village leaders have set an example of how to create a clean, healthy society where the youth themselves take sports as an opportunity. to improve their lives.
Donald Trump has announced at a public meeting in Georgia that he may flee the United States if he loses the presidential election to Joe Biden.
What will Bah P.N.Syiem do when he dies? Therefore, the title of 'Second Tirot Singh' should have been given to Wickliff Syiem and Hoping Stone Lyngdoh, not Pynshngain.
“The price of TP per truck of synsar is T.4000 and through the release of TP, we will increase the price of synsar from the TP fee,” he said.
“He doesn't know anything about the border issue between Meghalaya and Assam.
Four of us, Bah Jigur Myrthong MLA-MDC, Bah Lamphrang Blah MDC LO, Bah Carnes Sohshang MDC, I and that MDC were left alone by the Government and Officer C. Marwein we went to see - Visited and met with the Rangbah Shnongs, Sordar Shnongs, other Samla Shnongs and Elders, who said that no one has been affected by the Uranium Disease, as some have been affected by the Uranium Disease. announcement, as witnessed by the elders and youth of the village.
The coal trucks were driven from Rwiang to Langpih and the coal was newly mined and between 30 and 40 coal trucks passed through this road per day.
Speaking to media, Merisha Nongrum, member of the JAC, said that if the government continues to dam the Umngot River, the farmers from Nongjrong to Dawki will be severely affected.
When I was working in the Jowai District Council as an Assistant Revenue Officer (ARO), I had to complete a very difficult task – and that was to elect the Dolloi of Nongjngi District.
Speaking on this occasion, Ronnie said that the Congress party is a national party with its own foundation.
The cleanliness drive started at 10 pm, where they cleaned the road and also the Laitumkhrah Market.
The event was attended by Bah D. Rapsang, Deputy Director, NYK I/C District Youth Coordinator Jaintia Hill. Members of MCSWA and others.
More than 100 years ago, God caused a tsunami on the beaches because of the evil deeds of those people who have done nothing. bag ha kito that por.
In a statement, it was said that according to reports, the arrest of the man in connection with the allegation of child abuse is said to have taken place in
He scored nine goals from 39 attempts.
“Coke factories which have received only a clearance certificate from the Single Window Agency (SWA) cannot build factories or produce coke,” said the DC in a statement. don't produce.
Certain groups, who are trying to create trouble, although on the part of the Nagas are patient, these groups are still weak groups, involved in destroying homes in many parts in this conflict.
He also urged the village leaders to put up signboards as most of the time the spirit of selfishness is a loss to the future generation.
However, according to the news, many of these youths do not have the knowledge and skills especially in practical because to become a nurse requires practical to know how to treat patients because once wrong, the can pose a threat to care recipients.
Shillong, Nailur 26 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Monday said that they have set a target to open the Taj Vivanta or Crowborough Hotel on the 14th of next month. It will take about 10 days to complete the project.
Bar association of Jaintia, Khasi & Garo.
Ever since I got sick, the doctor said if you love yourself you should stop completely.
Shillong, June 4: The MPF in collaboration with the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan, Shillong and the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District with the support of the Mawklot Dorbar Shnong On the 24th July 2017, the Voter Day was celebrated at Mawklot, Upper Shillong.
Nongpoh, March 19: Even after the 14th anniversary of the passing away of Bah (L) EK Mawlong on 18th March 2008, the people of Umroi Constituency and his family U Little Flower Higher Secondary School, Mawbri, Mawbri, has been commemorated as a leader of the people. However, the complaints and complaints against the people of Umroi Constituency are still pending. (L) EK Mawlong is the seller of the land and the auctioneer of the Meghalaya House.
Jowai, Nailur 08: The Dorbar Shnong Ïalong, West Jaintia Hills District today inaugurated the Ïalong Suspension Footbridge at Umdalong which is located in the Myntdu River. for tourists from all over the world to visit.
All the decorations are blue, this shows a sign of hope for the growth and progress of the Church, said Bishop Ferdinand Dkhar.
He appealed to the shopkeepers to close their shops and all the people to come out in order to participate in the rally as a sign of expressing their concern over the problems that have arisen in the state especially the production. The Executive Committee of Pynthorumkhrah and Mawpat has decided to hold a rally in Pynthorumkhrah and Mawpat on the 30th of this month. The Union of Village Authorities of Pynthorumkhrah and Mawpat today decided to invite the people to the march to be held on the 30th March, 2015 in Shillong.
He said that the members of the Seng are ready to surrender themselves to fight against any attack by foreign forces.
In the women's category, in Group-A, Dkhiah (East Jaintia Hills District), Nongstoin (West Khasi Hills District), Nongpoh (Ri Bhoi District); They are Mawsynram, Jowai and Mawkyrwat.
It may be recalled that the reason for these complaints is because of the ration in Kynroh Nonglyer, where Agnes has lodged a complaint with the KHADC, that Kynroh Nonglyer has deprived several ration. The Sordar and Secretary Shnong have expelled the women of the village from the meeting.
Shillong, November 02: U George B. Lyngdoh on Saturday resigned as Vice President of the Trinamool Congress (TNC) on Saturday. Congress MLAs who joined the TMC in 2021, and are also a strong party in the Opposition in the State Legislative Assembly.
If there is knowledge to create jobs, there is also peace of mind, because the opportunities from the government can also be obtained and this gives confidence to the family and even to the community" Speaking to u Lamshai Kharkongor, one of the children who received the training from this shlem, expressed his gratitude to the school and the teachers who have worked hard to give the best.
He also said that in the life of the believers, God wants His chosen young men and women to follow the example of the teachings of the Lord Jesus.
Even the Supreme Court has done something unusual, that the Dalits, if they change their caste, will lose their rights.
If you find that there are no people who do not take advantage of the above, you can lodge a complaint with the law or write a complaint on the website. The supervision of banks and NBFCs shall disclose the names of those banks or NBFCs to the public.
“On 10th November, 1987, the State Government appointed an Inquiry Commission into the rioting, lathi bombing and open shooting by BSF troops in Baghmara.
“I have told the opposition leader that the government does not want to pass the ordinance for many reasons,” he said.
How shall we say these things?
Sikkim managed to score 136 runs with Rinsangzela and Remruatdika Ralte taking five wickets for Sikkim thanks to the good performances of Palzor Tamang (36), Lee Yong Lepcha (25) and Jeetendra Sharma (17) scored 136 runs for the loss of all wickets in 38 overs.
This order came after receiving information that the Syiem of Sohra Hima, has closed the road from Umdud to Zero Point, and on 20th July 2024, he has announced that the trade of coal through the Majai Land Custom Station. should be opened again.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today lodged a complaint with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampa Reen Lyngdoh. read of the state.
The meeting on the topic, 'The Role of Churches and Religious Organizations in Protecting the Environment' began with the first speech by a group of Christian churches written by Pastor Rev.OL Snaitang. from the Church of God who led the theme 'The Role of Christian Churches in Protecting the Environment According to the Teaching of the Bible'
The mind is also not yet strong and often causes many problems in the family.
In articles carried by AIM supporters, they have strongly expressed their opposition to 5G and written that it kills people, writing that the truth is that they do not want to protect but to rule over themselves.
Shillong, Jymmang 15 :U Bah Seibor L.Nonglait, former president of the TULBA Central Body, in a statement, has announced that he has decided to contest the MDC elections. This year's election will be held in Mawlai Constituency.
On the other hand, the President of NRE Pageant India Private Limited, Bah Ransom Sutnga, said that according to his research, the reason why the youth are involved in drugs is because they are not qualified for the job. you jam.
In the first phase of implementation, the Jharkhand government has announced that it will provide two wheelers to all the village headmen in rural areas like Manki-Munda, Majhi, Jog, Godet, Parganait and others.
in the semifinals, they faced Japan 5-0
New Delhi: The Government of India has announced the dates of the CBSE examination for Class 10 and Class 12, which will start from 1st November and end on 15th November.
Jowai, Nailar 09: The Additional Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of Amlarem Civil Sub-Division today announced that the rice under the PMGKAY Scheme for the month of August, 2022 has been released to all the households who have received the foodgrains. NFSA (AAY & PHH) from today until August 15,
The President of the Union of College Teachers in Meghalaya, Dr. BH Buam, said that due to this silence of NEHU, teachers in 22 colleges in Meghalaya have stopped taking classes for the first semester. As a sign of protest against this action of the University, but the 3rd, 4th and 5th Semesters have been accepted.
Although this area is facing many challenges in many areas, but the government does not turn a blind eye because it is more concerned to improve the development only of the villages which are already sufficient and thus even though we lack in “If the government doesn't take care of this area, the residents of this area bordering Assam cannot do anything,” he added.
The winner of all the teams went to Langsning Greenergy.
The event was organized by the Nongpoh Area Women Welfare Association, HNYF Northern Region and journalists from Ri Bhoi. They called for a thorough investigation into the sudden death of this young woman so that the truth can be revealed.
In addition, these trainees also received financial assistance from the DBF as well as from local beneficiary groups for the purchase of suhjaiñ.
At present, the preparations for the festival have been completed and it was seen that 11 Himas have already renovated their Hima houses and shops have already been prepared. part tomorrow.
It is learned that their cow farm, goat farm and household have been destroyed, while they have no place to live except for their livestock. They also promised to bring their livestock from cows, goats, cows and pigs to the house of Ampareen Lyngdoh.
Other elders who attended the petrol pump to drive away the vehicles included Morris Lyngdoh, Pyndap Saibon and others.
She also spoke on the Child Labor and Protection Act which protects children who are employed in any work that affects and endangers the health of children. those under the age of 18 still need a lot of education, education and other necessities in their lives through the support of their parents.
He said that he did not join the Congress party and did not want the HSPDP to win in Mawthadraishan.
On behalf of the FKJGP, it condemns the government for being quick to shut down the internet while there are protests, this has led to the destruction and loss of youth who apply for jobs and it is a huge loss especially For students who need writings from Mobile Phones, in the preparation for the Final examination this Year
The Chief Minister said that the state has received 7500 rapid test kits and has started using them.
We are in Dawki, Borsora, Balat, Shella, Tyllap, Majai, Mawdon, Langpih, Athiabari, Dalu, Babelapara, Boldamgre, Rajabela, Selsela, Phulbari, Kalaichar, Khanduli, Ratacherra, Sahsniang, Jorabad, Icha Rhomatiku. and all including international and interstate markets to prevent the second wave of corona.
The title of the most beautiful dress was won by Shaphrang Kupar Kharbudon and the women of Nongsiej.
Students from various schools and colleges of Ri-Bhoi District and SHGs took part in the event.
The Prime Minister also directed to set up a high-level committee to investigate the incident.
It is also a time to look at people, a time to stir up trouble among the villagers, and a time not to spread and spread even from house to house.
The reason why the opposition ministers are opposed is on the grounds that they have alleged that the Minister in charge of the market, Minister K Langstieh, has done this without the knowledge of the Hima.
The soldier has been remanded in police custody for 14 days for questioning.
He also urged the government officials to work as a team.
The incident happened at Beth Cherra area of ​​National Highway-8, Kumarghat.
The tournament will be organized in collaboration with the Seiñ Raij Muktapur.
JSU Central Body General Secretary Jersom Shylla in the presence of JSU Publicity Secretary Tricky Mukhim confirmed the office bearers on Tuesday and Tuesday.
Furthermore, what makes this hill more beautiful is that in front of it there are two beautiful ponds and these ponds do not sngat in the rain or snow. The hill is also the source of water for many villages within the Mawthadraishan C&RD Block.
According to the source, these youths are residents of Tiehsaw village as both of them are still in school. They are students of KJP Synod West who are in Class IX and Class XII. At about 12 o'clock this morning, while both of them were training, Endroklis drowned first. Banshanbor tried to rescue him but could not and both of them drowned.
All scripture is given by inspiration of God.2 Tim 3:16,17If we obey the Bible our lives will be benefited and blessings of miracles will be received every day.
Associate Professor Dr Tulika Dey said that the conference has been held across the country.
“As the poet Soso Tham has made a great contribution to the society especially in the field of literature, in collaboration with the Syiem of Sohra Hima as well as the members of the dorbar, the village authorities of Sohra, “We intend to celebrate this day every year,” said Dr PW Khongjee while speaking to media after the ceremony and laying flowers at the statue of Myllung Soso Tham.
Participants included school children, officers, school teachers, colleges, doctors and others.
“Dr Donkupar Roy has won the love and respect of all the people.
Royal Pole Mihmyntdu and Mulang Ïalong have won the Third Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
Despite this difficulty, the young man said that he hopes that God will open the way for him, because it is God who has given him this wisdom.
“There are villages with 20 households, 30 households I have given a scheme of Rs 3 lakh, whether you support or not I don't know what to do. The greatest victory as leaders is not election victory but the greatest victory is character, the ability to rule impartially and to fulfill one's duties properly.
Any department that needs urgent funds must bring it to the dorbar for approval.
Nongpoh, July 26: In preparation to strengthen the party for the upcoming MLA election 2023 and at the same time to strengthen the party after the people have abandoned the MLA. The Congress Party in Umroi has now taken steps to strengthen the party by producing young leaders.
Speaking on other shortcomings, including roads, electricity and water, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun said that he has already talked to the officials of PWD, PHE and MeECL, which they have promised. They will provide all the necessary facilities before the opening of the College.
“Now we have joined hands with the BJP and the presence of the Prime Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs at the swearing-in ceremony of the Chief Minister and his Cabinet speaks. Earlier, Conrad also informed the House on many of the works that have been done in the MDA-I government. He also said that the Central Government has praised Meghalaya for its ability to implement the JJM, MGNREGA and other schemes.
Speakers included EAC East Jaintia Hills, Bah S. Marwein, District Social Welfare Officer, Kong R. Pasah. District, Mr. Patrick Dkhar.
“It's been a long time since you got Bahnah.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, has issued an order to temporarily close down the bank, after a man from Assam who works inside the bank. who has been infected with COVID-1
He said that the land selected for the construction of the gate at Ratachera is the land of the JHADC and the land has already been allocated to the Tourism Department and the land at Bajengdoba is the land of the JHADC. tn ad Sericulture and this construction will be faster while others that do not get land will take longer.
“Asking for the cooperation of the people to protect the environment, he recalled the reports of the United Nations showing that people have used more than the fire can fill. 70% of the forests are covered with forests but the cover of the forests is not regular. There are forests that are covered with forests. However, the presence of these forests has helped. Up to 9 lakh tree seedlings have been planted in all parts of Jaintia Hills and other places affected by the coal mining. districts affected by the floods,” he said.
The letter, which did not give a name, also demanded that the images of Christians should be removed from all government offices in order to display the image of a tree. the establishment of any government office.
Therefore, as the saying goes, “Prevention is better than cure”, we must understand that before it is too late we must fight hard against this great war that will devour and ring. swai ring sdot and destroy our small nation if we lose this battle.
Paila, who is also the president of AJTCVA, said that the toll plaza at Pasyih-Ialong has started charging more than the price fixed by the district administration. individual.
“Since the beginning of the NOC, we women have been strongly opposed because we know that it will affect the health of the residents as well as the neighbours, but the village leaders without consent have already issued the NOC to the owner of the factory and “I don't know what to do,” said Tiplem Lapasam.
The body was found in the house of Ma Nehemiah Tyngkan.
The statement of the political party leaders on the Reservation Policy introduced by the Voice of the People Party has its own opinion and many of these leaders have expressed that they do not want to The BJP leader, who is also a former MLA of Mawsynram Constituency, Bah Speaking on this occasion, Himalaya Shangpliang said that this should benefit all and he relies on the decision of the government.
How to win the Congress in 2014; “This NPP, which has almost fallen, has fallen into the ribbon cutting and laid the foundation stone,” said Bah Mawrie.
Arsenal in the 2003/04 season won the biggest trophy among London clubs as they remained the most unbeaten team in the world. game season.
Ummulong, who won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 214 runs in 35 overs for the loss of four wickets.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27 : After five days of violence in the state especially in Shillong due to the anger of the Seng Bhalang and the people over the shooting death of four farmers and one farmer Forest Guard of Assam Police on the morning of 22nd November 2022 at Mukroh, now peace and order has started to return to the state.
Note: I am writing this article, not to point fingers or criticize anyone, but to understand to bring about change in society, for a brighter future.
The prize money is cash prize, 1st Prize: T.50,000, 2nd Prize: T.30,000, 3rd Prize: T.20,000 and 5 consolation prizes worth T.2
He cited the example of the FOCUS or Skill Development schemes of the state government which do not have any special provision for people with disabilities.
There have been more than 1000 BC women in different parts of the state who have also been employed and to help expand the operations of banks in the state.
The court expressed its regret that the state government has not done anything to control the traffic of overloaded vehicles.
World Bank officials did not comment as they came to gather information and send a report to the authorities.
Speaking on the powers and authority of the Rangbah which has been overturned by the High Court, Sadon said that the refusal to allow the Chief Executive Members to issue NOCs poses a serious threat to the state. Foreigners will be able to stay, enter, leave and set up business as they wish, as they no longer need the approval of the Rangbah Shnong.
The Masi are like this in the picture below, the one you see and the white one behind.
This special day of the diengduhlieh was celebrated to raise awareness about the people who carry the diengduhlieh.
The month came for the selection test.
