Dawki: At 2.30 pm today, a Mahindra Bolero (ML-04B-5691) overturned while heading from Dawki to Sankhat.
These include Larihun.
He said that this situation has decreased in many parts of Shillong.
On the lack of physical strength and skill of foreign players compared to local players, Alison said, “For that, we have to be fast in the way we play, because while we are will gradually give advantage to taller players".
At the top of it is a view of Bangladesh and the hills and rivers that attract beautiful scenery.
He said the sports department has allocated Rs 25 lakh for the trip of about 11 people.
At the same time, the union has given the government 10 days or else they will take another step to protest.
Inclusion of livelihood opportunities training in schools;xv.
The final match between the two teams was very interesting and exciting with the participation of the fans of both the teams.
Of course, it still needs to get a lot of roads especially in the rural areas.
After reviewing the performances of all the seven states participating in the BCCI tournaments in various categories including the Ranji Trophy and NECDC tournament in the 2022-23 season.
Thus, both languages ​​are 'tiensiat' tienpharshi which carry the idea of ​​being expelled from society.
All these calculations had to be done because they had to send information to the Government in Calcutta, Bengal.
The deadline for submission of application forms is on or before 25th June
As is well known, 90 to 50 percent of the population of the State are farmers.
The arrest was made by a group of Karbi led by Son Tiso, Sarsing Tiso and Bimol without any reason, according to reliable sources.
These guidelines include maintaining a distance of 3 to 4 feet from each other, hygiene by washing hands regularly with soap, wearing masks, protective clothing, and responsibility for cleaning of equipment and tools used in agriculture.
The Jaitbynriew is not the property of anyone or any party or political party so don't play politics with the Jaitbynriew.
“While the new General Secretary of HANM, Damonmi Dkhar, said, “Any issue taken by the HANM has been decided by all and there has never been a moment when the members have been forced to vote. claim.
When he understood this, he came back to recover the wealth he had lost, and the health he had lost.
Bah Donroy Kshiar and others.
Hong Kong has so far reported 1,083 cases, 1,036 recoveries and four deaths.
Snehalt24 won the second prize with Dani.
Those who attended the program included Block Development Officer Saipung C&RD Block, Dr R.Pyrtuh, District Immunization Officer, I/c, East Jaintia Hills District, Dr. (Mrs) NP Suchiang, Sub-Divi -sional Medical and Health Officer, East Jaintia Hills District, Dr.W.Bamon, Khliehriat, Dr.K.War Laithma, ONG Gynaeco-logist and Dr.N.Dhar, Dental Surgeon, Sutnga CHC.Khliehriat June 20: Ka Joint Village Defense Party Sutnga District, has announced that it strongly opposes the proposal to bring garbage from Jowai to Sutnga District. The Jowai Municipal Board (JMC) has decided to hold a meeting to discuss the issue.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 4,014, of which East Khasi Hills has 2,2
So the King held another beauty pageant to choose a new queen from among the virgins of the Kingdom.
Also present on the occasion was Bah Ricky Marshall Synnah, longtime referee of the SSA. The second day in the past few months in which 110 referees came to take part.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (I) has decided to collect information from those employees who are outside the state as well as those students who are currently abroad.
Khliehriat, July 18: Three villages in East Jaintia Hills District have been in darkness for more than three days and the residents of the village said that the main reason for the power outage is due to the SDO. The Lumshnong Sub-Station has not taken any action to resolve this issue even after they have approached him.
He also expressed his satisfaction with the emergence of young people who work for the community in the village.
The Forum is also discussing whether or not to take part in the hearing on complaints on the operation of mobile phones and telephones.
The hospital will provide traditional medicine and the nurses or doctors are skilled in this field of medicine and traditional medicine.
He said that the state government has taken special measures to conduct public awareness campaigns on issues related to illegal marriage of children.
On the other hand, the retired government official urged the residents to observe the rules of the government and the health department – ​​social distancing, wearing masks and also to keep clean. by washing your hands several times a day to fight the virus.
Explaining on the news that the funeral was refused, they said that after a request from the family members of the victims, they appealed to the village. The village has requested the church, in the presence of the Magistrate and Police, the church has decided to allow them to be buried at the Presbyterian Church Cemetery, Umsning District.
“What is surprising is that the revenue that should have reached the Government is illegal and I have received complaints from many departments that they have tried to hide or destroy,” said Bah Adelbert.
France and Spain have promised to provide asylum for Bibi and she has had to leave the country from an unknown location.
Regarding the vote by coupons, he said that this was also done to help raise funds for the management to carry out the work. “We spend our energy and money, we don't get anything for ourselves but we have a passion for the work, where do we get the money to raise,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
The meeting was attended by Sports Minister Zenith Sangma, Rural Development Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar and others.
Because God has spoken and he will fulfill it.
The Hynniewtrep Hynniew Skum now lives in the Raid Mawbuh Hima Mylliem and the Hynniewtrep Hynniew Skum lives above.
That is completely wrong and it is a sham.
He said that people say that the post of MDC is a snake but for Bah Process it will be a snake.
At the same time, the HNLC said that if the understanding does not reach, it is ready to fight and disrupt the peace and order in the state.
Other leaders of the party will also be present to deliver speeches including His Preachingson Shylla, the candidate.
The Deputy Chief Executive Officer of TTAADC, Budhilian Hrangkhawl, promised that the Council in Tripura will provide special support to the Khasi-Pnars in this area and urged them to come forward to express their grievances. .
J. Neihsiel scored 55' for Lawsohtun, R. Dkhar 59' for Nongkrem SC and E. Mawthoh's 28' for Nongkrem SC.
The CEM and the World Bank officials were welcomed by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem in the presence of Ministers and employees of the Hima.
On the other hand, Chief Justices Ranjan Gogoi, accompanied by Justices Deepak Gupta and Sanjiv Khanna, directed the commission not to take a decision on the petition.
These employees work in various types of jobs in government offices or other workplaces.
We are all children of God and we should not choose sides and democracy is the choice of the people to form any government.
“The meeting is concerned about the dismissal of employees of various government departments such as those working on Adhoc, Casual or even Muster Roll,” he said.
The village leader said that the man who was killed by the enemy has no bad signs in the village and he has always cooperated fully with the village authorities.
It may be recalled that the dorbar had to meet again, due to the insufficiency of the written documents, which was on the decision taken in the dorbar last November and therefore the state government, did not The decision of the dorbar has not been sent to the Government of India.
Embhahlang Syiemlieh, MLA Mawlai constituency, has spent T.48,75,600 lakh to purchase 1020 tins of CGI sheets to distribute to 340 households at a cost of T.4780. 340 private individuals at the cost of T.5000 to set up shops, T.18 lakh for the construction of a road in Nongkohlew, T.19.50 lakh for the construction of a road in Madan Mawkhar, T. 8.50 lakh for the purchase of an ambulance for the Mawlai Presbyterian Association, T.5.60 lakh for the purchase of an ambulance for the FKJGP. T.20,00,000 lakh has been spent to improve or renovate 100 houses at a cost of T.20,000 per house, T.60,50,000 lakh has been spent on financial assistance 605 farmers at the price of T.10,000 each.
He said that after receiving the Amlarem Civil Sub Division, the government has already upgraded Jaraiñ PHC to a Sub Divisional Hospital with 50 beds, while the Dispensary in Padu will be upgraded to Urban Health. Center.
HML Kynta, MCS ADM in her speech gave an explanation on the independence of Meghalaya, saying that this day is special for the heroes of the country who fought for the independence of Meghalaya. also the works contributed by the residents from the freedom fighters, intellectuals, farmers, photographers, government employees and all those who have helped to develop the state as a whole.
Furthermore, even though they say that democracy gives freedom of religion, they take a shortcut by expunging the MLA who reads the Bible and prays.
He also urged the people to avoid foods that harm the body in order to be healthy and to meditate well in order to have a strong mind.
As part of the smooth running and safety of these VVIPs and to provide convenience to the public, some roads will be closed to vehicles (No Entry) on those roads through which the VVIPs pass on the 7th. October 2023.
Adar Poonawalla, CEO of SII, expressed his satisfaction that the government has approved the use of the injection for those over 18 years of age. Protect yourself from the spread of covid
At this meeting both sides agreed to clarify about this post that has been published.
Since their lives revolved around agriculture, even their festivals or celebrations depended on the main crop they cultivated.
In the past, the villages with water wells from the Mawthadraishan Hills were the villages with the most abundance of drinking water.
Police have arrested two suspects, Daruis Pakem, 19, of Moolaitbri Sumer, East Jaintia Hills. for thou art but a little child.
Deputy General Manager of NABARD GN Kharlukhi said that his office has started the GI tag exercise for the farmers of the district.
On Saturday 11.04.2020, I saw in the headlines that “Speaker suggests to CM to extend the lockdown until 30 April”.
In 1983 he graduated from the Department of Chemistry at Manipur University.
He said that his victory will be the beginning of a new chapter in his work in Sohiong Constituency where he will work hard for the development and other needs of the constituency.
This delay will affect the people and the department itself especially in the implementation of schemes that benefit the people of the District and the state as a whole.
He said that on the 18th of this month, he and the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma, had met with him for about 40 minutes and until that moment, he had expressed his desire to bring about the the growth of the state.
The UDP leaders have demanded this after BJP MLA Sanbor Shullai, today, at a meeting of the BJP party in Umiam, said that the After learning of this news, the UDP leaders have called an emergency meeting to discuss the incident.
When asked, Bah Kasparlin said that the employees do not want to talk to the Minister of Health or the Director of DHS but they want to talk to the Chief Minister to demand the release of the employees. salary, which has been suspended for up to 6 months.
Psiar Waheh Shnong Menita Synnah, Roimon Biam, Sambha Biam Secretary 100 Day Bill Scheme and other elders of Psiar Village were present at the raid.
Lamphrang Kharsahnoh will fight in the 57kg category.
He also asked the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, “If they go to inquire about this, the Syiem and the ministers say that we don't know anything about this building. long syiem, that they don't know the construction of the four paia between the market and who gave permission to build these paia. This place and should have been punished because without the knowledge of the king and the ministers they had built these paia in this place.
Shillong, March 01: The District Election Officer, Shillong on Saturday celebrated the special day of the elderly who have been treated at Mercy Home. The International Day of Older Persons was celebrated at Mercy Home, Demthring, Shillong.
With this incident, there was a traffic jam, which lasted for more than 10 hours, in both parts of the 5mer, as the crowd, did not allow the vehicle, to pass and thus Vehicles heading to Upper Shillong and also those going down to Iew, were stopped on both sides.
Among the three candidates, Bah Ioanis Narleng won the election. The Syiem's ​​office alleged that his victory was due to the negligence of the former Rangbah Shnong.
The Minister also wished them a healthy body so that they can return to their relatives soon.
Shillong, July 21: A public awareness meeting for the construction of an army camp in Umchong village has failed due to strong opposition from the residents of Umchong village including school children.
“We want to do the extension first, otherwise our term of office will end,” said Bah Esra Namsaw.
Phidalia Toi is the Secretary of the Jaintia Welfare Union (JWU) and an active member of the Labang-Nongphyllut Pangam Raliang Council (LNPC). It extended its territory from the Mikir Hills (now Karbi-Anglong) to Jaintia Hills.
Besides congratulating the RBDSA leadership, Bah Charles Marngar, urged the players to work hard, so that they can reach the goal of victory and especially to become like football players. not only in the state, but in the country and the world as a whole.
“When we see Presidents and Prime Ministers of other countries coming to India for more important programs like the G-20 Summit, we are proud of that.
There is also less violence in the MP elections as candidates cannot go to every village to recruit voters and have to rely on their party leaders who are in those constituencies. place.
Shillong: An Ashok Leyland Truck (NL 01 AB 1088), which was carrying stone to Shillong, overturned at around 5 pm this morning. lyngktar in the same place on the Lummawbah road.
He said that the time is not too late for us as the children of the Jaidbynriew to take the opportunity to leave behind the hatred, the shaking hands and looking at each other, but to stand together. one and to show that the Khasi children are united and ready to stand up for others like their country and nation.
Shillong, June 07: The IIM Shillong PGP Batch for the year 2021-23 has received the highest CTC of 71.30 LPA, an increase of 16.70% from the average CTC of 26.96 LPA. the reason that places it as one of the best training centres.
The song was produced by Bashan Lyngdoh, Kyrmen Lyngdoh & B4NDIT.
“Even though we have lodged a complaint with the Khanapara Police but they have not done anything but they claim that they cannot fight because the land is private land.
This came after the request of the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma in response to the HNLC's proposal through the media on 8th June.
Looking at the four roads of Rambrai village which are in each village have been destroyed and it is a problem for the people in their coming and going, as Rambrai village is the center of the area. The whole new constituency where the people from different villages come to market in this village once a day.
The USA was quick to transfer its defense functions to the Vannevar Bush dispensation in the 1950s because of an agreement between intellectuals, companies and the Government.
The VFC, which won the tournament, received a cash prize of 1 lakh tyngka along with a trophy.
In the department of psychiatry and counseling, there is Dr. Eddie Mukhim.
Regarding this issue, July said he would go to court because it was too much force.
“According to the notification, it will apply throughout the state, so we are not happy with this because it does not mention that the District Council has been dissolved,” he added.
Dr. Brightstar Langbang, BDO Laskein called for the cooperation of these various organizations and urged them as leaders to come forward to vaccinate against COVID-19 to be an example to others to curb the spread of the disease. within the block, the district as a whole.
During the meeting, the union urged to immediately repair the dilapidated school in the village and to bring back the posts.
The injured were identified as Betshuwa John Lyngdoh Peinlang, 13 years old, brother of Arbius Lyngdoh Peinlang, 3 years old. Makdalen Lyngdoh Peinlang and Bah Disidarius Myrthong from Kaitkohram village.
Nongpoh, Nailar 20: Before the Meghalaya and Assam governments once again resolve the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya, the HNYF Northern Region today held a meeting to discuss the issue. The State Government should not sign the decision without the consent of the people and especially the Raid and Hima rulers who know better the boundary of the state through the documents and evidence.
Dr. Mukul Sangma today also acknowledged the lack of development of Meghalaya compared to the states of India and said that the protests will further deteriorate the state in terms of development. you can grow the par.
One of them, said that the tourists to Amarnath, have been ordered to leave immediately, as the place is dangerous, but today, all the youths who were from the area have been evacuated. Kashmir, where they were sent out of the National Institute of Technology (NIT), Srinagar and reportedly sent out through an order of the district authorities, which was issued last night and informed that they have been suspended. class, until further notice.
Police in West Khasi Hills District have launched a search operation for the killer of a teacher who was killed and another was injured at Rangsapara Secondary School on the 11th of this month. the moon in the village of Mynniar.
“Whatever path taken by Bah Ardent, we will support 100%,” said KHNAM Vice-President Thomas Passah on Tuesday.
In another match, Kharang beat Mawnianglah 1-0 and Albest Kharsahnoh scored the second goal in the 68th minute to give Kharang the victory.
The landslide has also happened on the Umbukah road, Loomkyrwiang which has damaged the road which collapsed recently.
Shillong, July 31: Hundreds of houses have collapsed after being burnt down by a fire at 8 pm this morning.
He also urged the members not to join political parties.
He said that this victory at the State Level has been a great honor for Ri-Lum Jaintia and especially for the school and he hopes that this team under the leadership of the coaches through the department sports of the state will also bring victory in Nongbha Delhi.
The longer we delay the review of the roster system and the recruitment policy, the more the problems we have already faced will increase.
God had already visited the Israelites in 32 AD. But the Israelites did not think so.
Some observers claim that the group supports the Islamic State and said that Zahran Hashim, one of the bombers, is the founder of the NTJ. Other sources said that India had informed Sri Lanka of the Muslims' plan 40 days ago, but Sri Lanka had not taken action.
Les said that about 2000 votes of Garo and Dkhar (foreigners) who have just registered their names will become voters of Shella Constituency in 2018 and alleged that these voters have been registered. Shella's MLA and Dr. Donkupar Roy.
However, later it was learned that the government has imposed conditions on the ban and announced that it will not come into force at all.
“We don't want the CAB to lead to the oppression of our minority and we also demand the government to implement the ILP to protect the people from foreigners,” said Leningstar Rymbai, President. JSM, JOWAI: The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) will hold its sixth general meeting on the 14th of this month at Khliehmyntriang.
The polling will start at 7 pm and end at 6 pm.
The Village Defense Party of Thadmuthlong said that these stray cows have been set up for 10 days to avoid damage to the crops and crops of the villagers. land in Thadmuthlong (Framer).
KHNAM said that many foreigners who trade in the state have to pay a fee to get a trading license and they are not willing to pay a higher license fee just to get a chance to trade. trade.
Shillong, June 06: The Khasi Jaintia Butchers Welfare Association (KJBWA) has strongly opposed the BJP government's plan to ban cow slaughter in the country.
Biden wants to get 70 percent of the population vaccinated before Independence Day.
“When we talk about kitmar trains, we mean the trains that will bring food items for the people to use on a daily basis, not to bring people to the state and for the benefit of the people. “We can discuss this with each other,” said the Prime Minister.
There are also many other different methods used in making this rice, but we cannot explain them all here.
In Meghalaya, there should be 60 members of the Legislative Assembly from different constituencies, but in Sohiong constituency, the polling has been postponed due to the death of the candidate, which the Election Commission will soon announce. the day of the polling.
Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan was the first Vice President of the country who also became the second President of the country.
Answering a question how he got to this job and reached the position of master chef, he said that since he was a child he used to help his mother in the restaurant to cook and he used to work. He also worked with a dhaba on the Shillong-Guwahati highway as a cleaner.
“He said that in the past, the people used to contribute to elect the leaders but now they have to contribute money to be elected as the leaders.
The ceremony was attended by the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Kur Ka Bri U Hynniewtrep and the youth leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council.
Shillong, Lber, 22: The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday promised to release the SSA School Association (MSSASA) on the 2nd of this month. The SSA teachers have received their salary for only two months but as it appears now, this promise has not come true as although 20 days have passed, the teachers have not received their salary.
The 19th Meghalaya State Level WUSHU Championship 2022 was held by the Meghalaya WUSHU Association (MWA) recently at Madanrting Indoor Hall, Shillong.
Basan ADC gave a Power Point presentation on various development schemes implemented by various government departments in the district.
The school authorities have alleged that the child's drawing of the shñiuh is against the rules and regulations of the Barbers Hill Independent School District. According to the rules of the school, male students cannot leave their hair long but should wear short hair according to the custom of males.
Shillong: The Government of India through the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana (PMUY) scheme has allocated T.12,800 crore for the distribution of Rs 5 crore to BPL women for the year October 2020.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The year 2024 is now the year of 'bad' for the farmers.
It was known in that town that there was a woman who wanted to sell her house in another village.
Regarding the demand for the deployment of traffic police in these areas, HNYF Northern, Village Leaders and Seng Longkmie from Mawroh, Nongpoh and Pahamsyiem have met with the DSP Head Quarter, Bah VDS Rymbai. and other Police Chiefs in Ri Bhoi.
My beloved mother Kmoinlang Wahlang had 30 children.
“Why are you resting when the day is short and the night is long?” said Peter. “Yes, I don't mean that, but I mean that you have to wear clothes.” “My husband used to sleep well only when he got to the mountains because it was hot on Saturday,” he said. “It's because you can't wear a T-shirt in the cold weather. Peter agreed. “The time to work is short, isn't it?” said Peter.
On the day of his visit to Byrnihat, Conrad K. Sangma said that out of the 9 constituencies which have demanded Civil Sub-division, Patharkhmah has come in the lowest position. in front of him and who has promised that it will soon be opened to the public.
Bah Bless said that the union has expressed its surprise after the woman said that the KHADC should get permission and proceed according to the Municipal Act before inspecting the Municipal. these places.
Chief Justice Dinesh Maheshwari and Justice SR Sen have fixed a date for 4th June 2016 to hear the case.
“It's just a matter of increasing the number of roads in the state.
When these foreigners were arrested, the KSU asked them how they could enter the state without proper documents. After that, they said that they had paid T.4000 at the Infiltration Check Gate at Byrnihat.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the General Secretary of the KSU, said that the meeting was to discuss the registration of voters in the state. Foreigners or mynder who have come to this state from time to time have been allowed to enter the state.
The SSA Women Football League 2023 will start tomorrow.
Police said that according to a tip received from Sub Divisional Police Officer Pynursla, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlam at 1:30 pm, a fire broke out at 1.30 am. Phanglang Khongkhnian, 33, wife of Bah Etan Tynsong.
“According to the government's budget, we have to take into account,” said the Rangbah Doctor of Robert Hospital, explaining that if the cost of medicines and bedding exceeds T.500 per day, the patients will have to pay. buria in the middle.
She said that before handing over to the private sector, the government has already repaired those vehicles.
Two people with disabilities were honored with Momentus.
Alcohol is a beverage that if we drink too much of it, it poisons and affects the health of our body.
Turning to Sawmer, this team is probably weaker than the opposition.
He also removed the Karimganj Civil Sub Division from Sylhet district where the Bengali Hindu majority can vote for Assam.
Entertainment : The meaning of entertainment is to be filled with colors and laughter without any snap to think about.
However, in English Step – it is also understood in Khasi as Mawkyndon.
She used to worship Hindu gods, even the Muslim rule is to pray only to Allah and her actions are the greatest sin.
Shillong, March 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday expressed his disappointment over the victory of the BJP in Zikzak in the MDC elections to the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC).
On the VPP's claim that it is the only party that has brought this issue to the election table and that the people should unite only under the leadership of the VPP, Bah Thomas said, “We don't want to show Wherever we unite, the goal is to unite whether it is civil society or political parties to ensure only one thing and that is that the youth will not lose their rights. .
Marak said he had received the report of the joint inspection by the Border Area Development and Forest Department on 3rd June 2010, and the report showed that the Forest Department has completed the The works worth T.26,32,600 including signboards, gates, footpaths, water supply and others.
Rabi Teja (42) and Punit Bisht (35) opened the innings by scoring 56 runs, but they too failed to score. sustain.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYF) Byrnihat Circle, today expressed its concern over the illegal immigration of Nepalis from Khanapara to Byrnihat. They lodged a complaint with Pa'iem Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet, and urged him to take action against the illegal residence of these Nepalis.
Hek said the government will help the herbalists to sell their herbs to avoid the purchase of herbs by the traders. The Ayush department will help to introduce our Khasi herbalists outside the country. state and country.
Many helicopters have gone to help the refugees in Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh as well.
Milk is what can provide benefits for the brain.
During his tenure as CM, Mukul Sangma also welcomed the surrendered insurgents especially the GNLA and other Garo insurgents,” said the statement.
According to information received, about 41 people from this village left to pay their condolences to the morgue at Mariampur village in Goalpara district on 9th June.
The meeting decided to write to the Co-ordination Committee of the four Presbyteries that the Lum Shyllong Presbytery is not yet ready to join.
On the outstanding demands, Ampareen Lyngdoh said, “The state government under the leadership of the NPP, has not abandoned the demands of the state, and just because there are those who come To remind that the government has forgotten about these issues this is not true because the state government is taking action to implement these issues”.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Tonny Shylla said that the party cannot accept the immoral behavior of these youths by drinking alcohol and smoking cigarettes. a drug addiction that affects the community.
“The network is very important especially in this region,” he said.
Shillong: Four cows have died after being tied by a pyrthat in Lumshken village under the border of East Jaintia Hills District on 20th June 2021 at about 3 pm. 10 o'clock in the morning.
Shillong: Mawlai Presbyterian College on Saturday defeated Shillong College in the NEHU Inter College Football Tournament 2018 at the NEHU Ground, Shillong.
Then we will think about it and for now we have decided to go alone.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the delegation will also request the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) to send a delegation to inspect the houses. Manipuri people who have come to take refuge in Mizoram and also to collect accurate reports from these people.
Urging the Government to ensure that the work is done quickly, Bah Ronnie said, “I request the Government to follow up with the contractor and NHIDCL to ensure that the work is done quickly. I don't want to play chess, because I'm in trouble.
Sunny Thakuri won the gold medal in the 70kg category.
It was also suggested that there should be a gate for the entry and exit of the market if all the shops are closed and it is necessary to ensure that no one is allowed to enter the market. to stay inside the city.
The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) in collaboration with Caritas India and KVK Jaintia Hills, has organized a one-day Millet Festival on the theme “Healthy Millet Healthy People”.
The Union alleged that the police had arrested the tanker drivers who were standing outside the Dhaba to eat and drink at 22 Mile and registered a case against them.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: U Ksanboklang Kharshiing, Finance Secretary of the Meghalaya Progressive Foundation (MPF), has been awarded the Best Legal Volunteer Award in India. Justice HL Dutta at a function held on 9th November in Delhi on the occasion of the National Legal Services Day.
He was a Khasi chief who wanted not to be ruled by slavery but to rule his kingdom with freedom.
“This is going to get worse and worse," he said.
He said that as the NPP plans to send 15-16 MPs from the North East with one voice, one demand they can go. to Delhi to demand and without doubt the demand will be fulfilled.
It has also been heard from time to time that some of them have been involved in clashes between the public and some of the police in the evening.
The protest against the decision will continue tomorrow with a protest campaign.
On 26th November, Anthony Kongwang, one of the biggest supporters of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, left the National People's Party (NPP). he will not contest the 2023 elections.
The speakers at the public meeting, after the march, were called by the names of the parties, not by their names.
Although the elections to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya have been held for more than 10 years, the political situation has been very tense in some constituencies.
The BJP in Delhi has already announced 267 candidates for the elections but has delayed announcing the candidates for Meghalaya.
Rohit Shah tied for 200 runs to lead Meghalaya to 405 runs against Sikkim on the second day of the tournament.
Tip how the Government of India will decide to defeat the Government.
He said that a special package should be put in place because most of the doctors are tired when they come to work in the rural areas and many of them have to go to the city.
On the other hand, the family and the Seng Kur Shylla Niawkmai, strongly condemn this insulting statement of Father Manbha Pakem against their family.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma, formerly in charge of the Sam Electricity Department, has expressed his satisfaction with the investigation by Justice RN Mishra into the allegation of corruption in the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited. (MeECL) has said that there is no evidence of corruption as alleged.
Surprisingly, the owners did not hear when these robbers entered the house.
This national award winning Teacher has started the process of 'whole brain training' to have an explanation that affects the right and left sides of the brain and also to that's right.
The MP's residence was raided by investigation teams, and he was taken to jail.
“The department should exempt the nurses who are studying from the government from the written test,” she said.
The National People's Party (NPP) Leader and Minister of State, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that the issue of including the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution should be important and He urged all political parties to raise this issue in the Lok Sabha elections in
Shillong, November 05 : U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew on November 05, 2022 handed over a house to a poor woman in Maw U Sam village. also three young children.
Jowai: The All Jaintia Transporters Association (AJTA) has urged the district authorities to open shops selling power tillers to assist the farmers.
Until now, no cure for Covid-19 has been found although the world's medical scientists are in the midst of a fierce struggle to spend their time to research to find cures for this disease.
There were about 60 passengers inside the bus, but none of them died, but only injured, who were rushed to hospital.
He said that a loan of T.50,000 will be provided in the coming months.
It is worth mentioning that the news has spread that some Congress MLAs have decided to leave the party after the party lost power in Delhi and many states. When asked about the rumors that Dr Mukul Sangma will join the BJP, Hek said he has not received any discussion on this and does not know anything.
“An example that proves that the people of the state have voted for the Congress government led by Mukul Sangma, is the mid-term MP elections in Tura, where the Congress was defeated. “It has shown that the people of the state no longer trust the Congress Government led by Mukul Sangma,” said Bah EG Kharbani.
Meghalaya scored 230/4 in 59 overs and were behind by 27 runs.
Shillong: U Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, today strongly condemned those who took the law into their own hands over the incident ha Jatah.
JOWAI: Khadar Daloi Law College has honored Sawaka Kynjing, who has brought honor to the college for the first time in its 33 years of existence after passing first in the LL.B examination conducted by the North. Eastern Hill University (NEHU).
“Dr.DD Lapang should be honored by all the people of Ri Bhoi, because he was indeed one of the great men and who has made a great contribution to the Ri Bhoi. “It's a good idea for Ri Bhoi to get its own district and not only that but many development projects within the district,” said Bah Mayrald Born Syiem.
By this we know that we are in the last days.
The implementation of this Act will prevent and protect the exploiters from getting shelter in the State and also to prevent and curb the illegal entry of foreigners who intend to settle in the State. villages and districts of the state.
Charles Pyngrope said that he will contest the election from Mawryngkneng Constituency which is the constituency of his late son. , and Mr. David Nongrum.
Mylliem MLA, Bah RV Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong Nongpiur, children and relatives of (L) AS Khongphai, Members of the USS&SCA Executive Committee and witnessed by the public.
On this occasion, Minister War Tynghah said that he will inspect the shops which have not yet cleaned these nuts in the coming days of this month before the cleaning. Market.
On this day, the people with mobile phones in their hands to vote for Bateithymmai.
On the other hand, the group, under the auspices of MePWU, on the 10th of November, will hold a march from the MeECL office from Lum Jingshai to the Secretariat, where the employees of the group will take part. They have been given a one-day leave to demand their rights, which they have been fighting for a long time from one Managing Director to another, while their demand has been stalled.
Khliehriat, July 11: The Union Minister of State for External Affairs and Education, Rajkumar Ranjan Singh, on his two-day visit to East Jaintia Hills District, received to review and witness the implementation of the schemes of the Central Government which have been implemented and are being implemented in East Jaintia Hills District and also held a Review Meeting at the Conference Room at the office of the Deputy Commissioner. in Christchurch.
The Director asked whether the cow farmers in the state have benefited not only from the sale of the meat but also from the blood of the cow. “Of course, they will be given the snieh, the snier of the snap will be given to the owners,” he said. answered.
“To increase the price, we need to be skilled from the supply of ngap, to send for testing, and that the ngap should be of good quality produced in this state,” he said.
She received the Best Ph.D.
The Youth Congress has demanded that Modi should apologize for his remarks against former Indian leaders. in Shanghai, China and Seoul, South Korea, he identified himself as an Indian.
Not only that, but the Government has also done the right thing by strictly monitoring the movement of people.
He said that the celebration of the International Day Against Drug Abuse is part of the plan to ensure that the State can produce healthy, productive and responsible youth for the future of the State. State.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Bindo Lanong said, “There is a strong NDPS Act 1985 for drug users, but even so we see that these drug traffickers are This may be due to the involvement of the police and the army in the trafficking of drugs. Otherwise, how can this drug trafficking be strong? However, we are very happy that there are good policemen who do their job properly in the rank of officers or langrut and it is up to them to find out the traitors among the police, so that they can arrest them. drug trafficking in the State".
Speaking to Rupang, former Mylliem MLA Pynshai said that these two fathers and sons had contested from the same side in the last election, which means that they are independent candidates. and now they will try to fight for their own party.
The workshops will help the MLAs to understand the special structure and investment in relation to the biodiversity of the state in terms of plants, animals and its environment. also to the youth to have the opportunity to start new jobs.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the President of the Academy, Bah Franky Kharumnuid said that the Academy is delighted to receive the recognition of the Academy through the They have been invited to take part in this National Level competition which is one of the opportunities for the students of this Academy to showcase their talents at the National Level.
The meeting was held at the Conference Room of Pinewood Hotel in Shillong.
However, you have to pay for the seals because at the time I ordered them, I was poor.
Ma Sniawbha said that Rs 3 crore has already been allocated in the second phase for the purchase of the land.
They complained that the hospital did not believe the order of the family members to admit the woman to the hospital, but the hospital authorities refused to treat her and said that she needed to be taken to Shillong. On the way, the woman gave birth and the child died.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The National People's Party (HSPDP) in a statement today, has accused the newspapers of publishing unfounded news. The party, led by its Vice President, has forced the President of the party to support Pastor Basaiawmoit for the upcoming MP elections.
I am sure that this will bring greater support to yoga from different countries.
Shillong: The Dorbar Village Council, Sohra has once again decided to reopen the tourist attractions like Noh-Ka-Likai, Khlieh Kshiad Noh-Ka-Likai and others from 18/11/2
Shillong, July 21 : The second day of the OC Blue Shillong Premier League 2021-22 match between Mawlai SC and Shillong Lajong FC was called off after 60 minutes due to flooding at the Third Ground. you're going to slap.
“Besides, we are old and we are not strong enough and it affects us in many ways and sleeping at night is not easy because especially because they are only women and it is also a busy road. They don't sleep every night, because of the schemes of the pyrjong, but for the sake of their own rights they have to endure, even though they have many difficulties.
These eight houses include Suk Nongrum from Wahkhen, Ioi Swer from 5 Mer Upper Shillong and Ribaldis Lyngdoh from Umran. , Bankitbok Wankhar of Ur-masi-ujoh (Smit), Mik-Rose Pyngrope (15 years old) of Lumniwar (Mawhati)-Ri-Bhoi; Bitel Chyrmang from Kyndong Tuber-West Jaintia Hills and Mardina Khongbri from Syllaimun-Laitmawroh.
It was found that many of the owners of the land do not meet the SOP (100 hectares).
As the Khasi Shongkha Shongman is unique, therefore, it is not permissible to marry others who are not from the same Hynniewtrep tribe or foreigners who have the custom of taking jait from the Shynrang or the Patrilineal System. It is not a way of counting the ethnicity of the Khasi Hynniewtrep and to destroy or destroy the culture of the Hynniewtrep people.
In the Khasi business, he forced the Khasi to sell to his company, which he named Inglish & Company, with his father (George Inglish) at a price to earn money for himself.
Just as God, the Creator of all things, in heaven and on earth, has ordained them all in their own seasons and times, that they may fulfill His purpose in their own aiom is not set.
“We have selected several schools as a pilot project to implement STEM and besides Mynken Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, another school is in Mawphlang,” said Tembe.
The Minister in charge of Fertilizers and Chemicals, Dr Mansukh Mandaviya said that Mother Nature provides abundant resources for the needs of the people.
In another development, the Minister in charge of Agriculture and Rural Development, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh today said that an inquiry will be launched into the collection of Musur by the Municipal Department. Farmers don't sell their produce at Anjali parking lot.
The lowest turnout was in 16-Nongthymmai with 53.24% turnout and these included 4904 males and 6932 females.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) on Saturday expressed its dissatisfaction with the government's decision to include the Pnar or Jaintia language in the Meghalaya State Anthem. 52 years of the state.
Barla praised the Church's many contributions in the fields of education, health and social development.
If Hek does not accept the bill, he can make it clear in the Cabinet meeting or even in the State Legislative Assembly that he does not agree at all and this will be clearly stated in the documents. days in the future and can also suggest other clear solutions; But at the same time, we must remember that the ILP does not apply to foreigners who live in the State, but the restriction is on those who come from abroad, but what we have to think far is The NRC Act of the Government of India, or the 1951 Census Year which is intended to be implemented in Assam, because it will destroy the foreigners who came to the area since the age of 10 or about 70 years ago.
“Vincent H Pala has been in power for 15 years from Shillong Parliamentary constituency, the people should judge, what are the great deeds that the MP has done, he has spoken in Parliament for the country and the people of "I'm sorry," said Mr. Jemino.
:The new Khasi song, “Shisur”, will be released on the 3rd of June
Kyle Mayers scored the highest number of runs with 51 off 42 balls, which put LSG ahead of the team. against 154 for nine wickets.
These incidents have injured many people including the SP in charge.
Investigation and search operations are ongoing to identify and arrest the suspect.
“If the government does not convene a special session on this issue, it shows that the government has deceived and deceived the members of the jaitbynriew by passing a resolution that is not clear,” said the statement. , hopes that the Government will take action immediately and send a decision to the Central Government as soon as possible.
Vatican officials explained that the verse is more explicit than it should be.
In terms of employment, we still lack those high-quality offices that can serve in all parts of the state. The goal is because there are no one to guide them and to show them the way they are going.
Therefore, in all the catchment areas, let us improve by planting more trees and let us protect wildlife and birds and fish by allowing them to breed in the fields. May Mary.
“If you look back, how many more allegations of corruption have been brought before the Government and the ignorance of this Government which has never happened in the past years,” he said.
The Khasi should not shoot or beat the Karbi when they come to Mawlasnai and the Karbi should not shoot or beat the Khasi when they come to Umlaper. It will continue like this, which means that if the Khasi go to the Umlaper area, they will be shot by the Karbi and thus if the Karbi go to the Mawlasnai area, they will be shot by the Khasi.
The intention to count the number of churches, conversions in the last five or seven years and those involved is unacceptable,” said Bah Sawkmie.
If Modi speaks Hindi at the United Nations, why should we Khasi speak Khasi in Khasi homes, in Khasi villages? Let us learn other languages ​​without forgetting our own.
According to information received from the Ri Bhoi Police, it was first seen by the residents of Umïam village who informed the Umïam Police Station and without delay the police rushed to the scene. and they found the head of a man lying by the river Umïam.
Just to remind – “He who laughs should cry, He who is happy should be alone, If it is to bleed, In him others will trust.
"But unfortunately, some people because of outside intentions mislead people, and he said that this should never happen.
At present, it has been seen that the fight against this disease is only by the villagers and the entire citizens of the State and it is easy to travel, start and the movement of people with the disease, because they are not refugees, or refugees.
Applications are invited for the year 2021, according to the following instructions: Applications for FPS Dealers and SKOil Retailers should be submitted by which ye shall proclaim in your cities.
Therefore, we too should not only punish those who kill animals, but also create opportunities for animals to escape from being killed.
The ginger mission as mentioned by MLA Umroi in the last Assembly is very important.
After that, the Chairman of the High Level Committee will convene a meeting and we will take a decision on this matter,” he said. we shall sit as a State.
In addition, USTM has awarded 24 Gold Medals to Postgraduate Students and 22 Gold Medals to Undergraduate Students of various departments.
The child was rushed to a nearby hospital but died a few hours later due to severe injuries.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The North Eastern Hills University Students Union (NEHU SU) has sent a letter to the President of the country, the Prime Minister, the Minister of Education and others. to appoint a full-time Vice Chancellor of the University.
The arrested teacher is a prominent teacher in Jowai and is currently in Judicial Custody.
Of these, 9 cases are from East Khasi Hills, 5 cases from others or civilians, 2 cases from soldiers and 2 cases from BSF. you are a public figure.
“We will look into and take a decision from the people who will give their opinion but those who were in the state before 1971 or 1951 will have to apply for the Inner Line Permit,” said Bah Kharjahrin.
The team left for Bangladesh on the 17th of this month from ICP Dawki.
Singh also expects that his state with 449 players will be able to achieve this once again to win the title in the upcoming tournament.
They said that the Monolith Festival has benefited them a lot, especially the vendors because through this festival the people from all over the country will know that there is a good blood from Laitlyngkot. they will come to buy more in the coming days.
The OC of Nongmensong PS LD Sangma said that when the child was left in the toilet, it looked like it was a newborn child. The report is under investigation to find the parents of the child.
In another match, Morocco beat Spain 3-0 on penalties.
It also demanded the immediate removal of the Sordar and his fellow office bearers.
Thousands of Indian and thousands of foreign tourists visit Meghalaya every year.
I always say that the status quo means that Assam is crossing the border and Meghalaya is lagging behind,” said Dr Kharlukhi, who is also an MP in the Rajya Sabha.
Perhaps in our state too, the government will have to temporarily allow the police to rest at home.
He said the DPR will be completed next month and after that we will immediately seek financial assistance from the central government to expedite this work as it is very important to have a hospital to treat. animals and plants in the state.
Police suspect that it may have been a clash between car thieves and cow thieves.
There is not a single kiad drinker who can bring peace in the home or in the village of Pohthaw.
This destruction of the traditional Lariti has been witnessed from the religion – which is the blood of Lariti – it shows that it has been stolen a little from among our people, as well as the dress code that appears for the first time in front of the world. .
The state has been severely affected by the fact that these rich people from Assam have come to quarry stone and set up an illegal quarry without the permission of the state government and these stones and mawria have also been smuggled. illegal immigration to Assam without any revenue collection gateway of the government, which has resulted in a loss to the government in terms of revenue.
In 2008, the Dorbar Shnong in collaboration with the SMC has upgraded the Upper Primary to Secondary and in 2019, the Upper Primary has been upgraded to Higher. At present, there are 140 students in the Upper Primary Section, 108 students in the Secondary Section, 28 students in the Higher Secondary Section and 14 teachers in the Higher Secondary Section. and one of the Teaching Staff.
“Recently, the Janajati Dharma Sanskriti Suraksha Manch (an organization not supported by the RSS) has demanded the abolition of the Scheduled Tribe Status for those who have become Christians.
With the departure of Kong Phailin, the VPP now has 17 candidates and 2 of them are women.
The Court has fixed the hearing of the case for May 3,
Nongstoiñ, Lber 31: Leaders of the West Khasi Students Union (WKSU) have urged the need to strengthen the working methods of the newly created Territorial Division.
“From Muktapur to Chyrmang I have received less votes from Chyrmang, but the development works that I have invested in Chyrmang village in the last few months have amounted to T.5 crore to improve the “sacred law of Chyrmang as a village”. “It's a famous tourist destination without prejudice because I want this to increase income and employment opportunities,” said Rymbui. The development has been carried out in 8 villages which has cost tens of thousands of rupees.
The FKJGP-NKH today lodged a complaint with the District Head and Chairman of JNV regarding the findings of the FKJGP-NKH from the recent inspection of the school.
According to the Meteorological Department, the rainfall in the past 24 hours has reached 72.2 millimetres, the third highest rainfall this year.
The prizes were awarded by the Chief Guest MA Challam in the presence of the District Sports Officer of WJDSA Ma Khroobok Passah and leaders and members of the West Jaintia District Sports Association.
Therefore, when they do something without thinking, they sometimes and often make mistakes and end up in trouble.
Furthermore, through the synjuk, membership has been expanded from all over the region to share with the children of the thousands the burden of the nation.
Shillong, November 22: Six months after the Mukroh incident, Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad Sangma and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma met on Tuesday in Guwahati to discuss the incident. of the shooting of five people in Mukroh, which happened on the 22nd of last month.
Raising a demand from the government, regarding the rainy season in Tura, he said it was the dream of their ancestors, who had been there since they got the rainy season. The state was established in 1972 and should realize the vision of those who shaped the state in the past.
According to him, the filling of these vacancies will help in increasing the hope and confidence of the police department to serve better the people of the State especially in terms of peace and order. sit down.
“My game will be your game, My victory will be yours,” he said.
Dimapur: About 20 groups of Naga people and civil society groups in Dimapur, under the auspices of the Naga Council Manipur, have demanded that the Governor of Meghalaya, La Ganesan, immediately hold talks on the The National Liquor Prohibition (NLTP) Act, 1989, will be repealed in Dimapur district in the next session.
During the meeting, the Chairman, NCST was also requested to address the issues of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people, who are stranded outside the border of India (India-Bangladesh) and those who are stranded outside the border of Meghalaya and Assam. .
(d) the centurion repented and said, “Truly this was the Son of God.
He said that as one of the parties in the MDA government, the BJP Meghalaya is ready to cooperate with all the parties that agree so that the state can develop in all aspects. Only with the cooperation can we ensure that there will be no more traffic jams on the roads from now on and the traffic of the people will be easier especially during this Christmas season.
“I am determined to serve the people of the country and not for the sake of power,” said Basaiawmoit.
Looking back, the decision of the State Government to allow the import of high skilled laborers from other States shows that the State itself does not have those skilled people to run the work.
Nongstoin, March 19: Police in West Khasi Hills District on Saturday arrested two suspects who used to help gangs of illegal immigrants. The arrested were identified as Mana Sangma, 27, of Songsak B and Anthony Puwein, 40, of Songsak B. from the Shallang area.
The teaching of Khasi as the national language has been introduced at the Middle English Mission School in Nongsawlia which has 157 boys.
He was consecrated Lyngdoh Sad on the 2nd of June, 2000, which is also the year of the celebration of our Church's Great Jubilee, because it was in this year that the Church celebrate the two thousandth anniversary of the coming of God's salvation to this world.
Look and know the faces of others, for they reveal what they think, which is often according to what they find in their hearts.
Does anyone have a scientific method to cleanse or cleanse the mind of completely destroying one's own language...? To get the answer to all this, it is up to each and every Khasi to investigate or find the root cause.
He is an Englishman who respects our language.
We should remember that others rejoice and laugh when they see that we are struggling.
The Prime Minister, who returned to Shillong to attend the Independence Day celebrations, greeted and talked to the 49 GNLA members at the venue.
In his speech, the Head of Tourism in Ri Bhoi, urged the tourist attractions to take good care of the tourist attractions and also advised them to to increase the entrance fee to tourist attractions, because if you compare the tourist attractions in the state, they are very different compared to the tourist attractions in other places, which they usually charge Therefore, the tourist attractions in the state have decided to increase the tourism price, so that it will benefit not only the operators, but also the tourist attractions. the government as well.
“In the recently concluded Dorbar Synrai, the Prime Minister could not give a clear figure on the number of vacant sanction posts in Government departments from 2018-2
Furthermore, government officials who are still holding government positions and who intend to stand for election undoubtedly misuse their power or position to persuade or deceive people to support or assist them in elections.
The funeral service for Bah Lurshai Hynniewta, son of Kong Ridalin Hynniewta, who passed away suddenly in Ichamati, who worked as the leader and member of the Sohra-Shillong Sumo Association, will be held on the 2nd of this month. /3/2020 at the Seng Khasi Sohra at 2:00 pm.
The JSU and BAM welcomed these players at Pamblah Bridge, Wah Myntdu before entering Jowai. .
The enrollment for classes XII is in full swing.
About 11 wine producers have taken part in the festival and he said that only 11 wine producers have participated in the festival because many of them have not yet been able to sell their wine. They import the wine they produce because they have not yet received the certificate from the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI).
He said that he is willing to say that because he is a border resident and he has faced this problem since he was a child.
The awards were distributed to five teachers and Scout Masters, Headmaster of Nongtynñiaw Deficit Upper Primary School, Babu Chrispin Wahlang, Assistant Teacher of Presbyterian Higher School. Babu Earnes Marweiñ, Head Teacher of Jakrem Government Lower Primary School.
Janis also thanked the singers of Ri-War East who have been by his side for helping and supporting him in many occasions including Bah Anthony Kongwang – a prominent singer of Ri-War and Olin Khongniur, Shibor Mawkon, Kermon Suting, Marshall Khongstid, Priem Khongngaiñ and others including The Friends from Pynursla and his own band from Pynursla. Pyrnai village which he has not been able to name yet.
“It is unacceptable that this information handed over to us by Justice Katakey in his report to say that it will not be with the government and to say that the government has not done anything to curb the activities of these coke oven plant and ferro alloy plant without any permission from the government,” the order said.
Thank you. I'll see if you can play the game on the court.
The next matches will be played on the 24th of this month. Shangpung College will face Khadsawphra College, Mairang, Khrawsing Christian College, Mawngap will face Ri Bhoi Synod College, Umsning, Eastern Jaintia Hills. BBS College will play against Shillong Commerce College.
However, unfortunately, it was found that the cleanliness of this road is poor, gradually less than 2 feet or 1 meter from the beginning to the end of the road.
My purpose in speaking on that day is to request my fellow leaders not to just shake hands at this time when our State is fighting against COVID-1
The works implemented through NHAI, the Minister said, have 850 km of work at a cost of T.7000 crore.
However, there are villages where the Village Court is run by the same person, the Village Councils are also headed by the same person, instead of allowing others to decide together, they fight equally for themselves.
It is interesting to note that the BJP government under the leadership of Narendra Modi has taken the first step to repatriate 7 Rohingyas to Burma, but only 7 Rohingyas have not been repatriated. to 50,000 people came here last year.
Explaining on the allegations of corruption against the MDA government, Prestone said that anyone can raise any doubts among the people but if they have the truth they can go to the authorities. law.
Speaking as the chief guest, Lok Sabha MP from Tura Constituency Agatha K Sangma, as the chief guest, expressed her gratitude to the service of the army and said that many of the army have retired early from their jobs with the government. has launched schemes such as CM Elevate and Promotion and Incubation of Market Driven Enterprises (PRIME) where these soldiers will have the opportunity to improve themselves and use their skills and talents in the field of I don't have a job.
Customers can also complain to the National Consumer Helpline (NCH), by calling 1915 or through the NCH mobile app.
The Movement for Change (Movement for Change) on Saturday held a public awareness program at Stand Ummulong, Jowai.
He said that according to his understanding, the recruitment of teachers cannot be done without recruiting all the schools.
The rapid passage of time cannot be overlooked.
Referring to the rape case, the SP said that it is more difficult to detect such incidents because most of them happen in their own homes where the father rapes his child and so on. ter.
The Minister of Home Affairs, who is also a member of the committee, said that Block I has been discussed thoroughly and it has been decided to collect detailed information and documents regarding Block I. “It's a good idea to have a job,” said Lahkmen.
“Don't be hypocritical Christians but be godly from the heart so that the image of God will appear in us,” said the Pastor.
“You went to Shillong.
The KHNAM leader said that the UDP's demand to remove Bah Ardent may have a conspiracy with the Congress to dissolve the ARPA. “They demanded the resignation of Bah Ardent,” said Bah Latiplang.
He said that he is fortunate that before he became Minister of State, the college has received Grade B from the NAAC (National Assessment and Accreditation Council), which still holds this position.
Finance Secretary: Samborlang Law 6.
Speaking to media, Bah Louis Dohtdong, President of the HNYM, said that the HNYM has sent a letter to the Chief Minister on 1st November regarding this demand. The Prime Minister and the Government have not yet responded to the letter of demand.
After being defeated twice in the Mawsynram MLA election and the Ranikor mid-term MLA election, u Bah PN Syiem has slammed those who oppose him by saying that the defeat is a mistake. .
God revealed His covenant among mankind through the ryntieh (Simpyllieng) not to destroy the earth again.
Pool-F includes Lumchyrmang, Saindur, Riatsaliya, Shangpung Khliehmuchut and Lumkhangdong.
“For thus saith the LORD unto the house of Israel, Seek ye me, and ye shall live:
“In the past few years, his illness has worsened but he has never been able to go to hospitals.
According to scholars, Daniel 12:1-2 is the first Bible passage about everlasting life and tells of the persecution of the Jews by King Antiochus IV who forced them to to renounce their traditional religion and those who refused were tortured and killed.
The meeting was conducted by the MLA of Jirang and was attended by party leaders and workers from all over Ri-Bhoi.
The All India Football Federation (AIFF) has released the almanac or schedule of the final round of the Second Division I-League.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, AAP Meghalaya State Coordinator Amos Kharshiing said that the party is waiting for the results of the MP elections to be filed against MeCEL. increase in electricity bill.
Assam police have set up a police station at Umkhyrmi, on the border of Assam and Meghalaya, on 11th July 2019, but on 12th July 2019, Meghalaya police have ordered them to leave the police station. On July 13, 2019, the Assam police left the camp and demolished the newly built camp.
He urged the Pynthorsale Village Authority to take good care of the vehicle for the benefit of the residents.
The rainfall will be heavy today, July 28, 2022 and on July 29 and 30, although it will not be as heavy.
This will be an encouraging news for the players and also for the West Jaintia Hills Sports Association (WJDSA), which is one of the football governing bodies in Jowai, to think and remember to provide the necessary facilities in the development of the sport. more than standard.
During the meeting, the CMD promised that the salary of the coming months will be paid in the first month of each month.
The construction of the NH-40 Shillong-Pynursla-Dawki has been suspended after the construction companies have left the ARSS. .
In a statement, CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing said that this statement is false and unacceptable.
“The demands put forward were indeed valid and well-founded and supported, but by creating such confusion to disrupt the proceedings is very wrong," he said.
The term 'secularism' can be explained as follows: “Government shall not favor or restrict any religion.
Regarding the results of Class X students, the Minister of Education said that the MBOSE has started preparing the results from 22nd June 2020, but due to the lack of “Therefore, the release of the results is still pending,” said Ma Lakmen Rymbui.
Shillong: It is not only a surprising news, but also a sad news for Shlurbha Khaii, a young man from Wah Sarang village, East Jaintia Hills.
On the other hand, the HNLC today expressed its surprise why the police have not informed the public about the surrender of a member of the HNLC, which happened a month ago.
Goa has been ruled by the BJP even in the state where the majority of the population is Christian, and this shows that the allegation that the BJP is anti-Christian has been proven wrong".
“If you can't donate money, there are other ways you can help,” said I. Kharmuti, President, RAM. ) of Sutnga District, will fight hard to ensure that all 50 coal mining factories in Sutnga District, should be shut down, as the existence of these factories does not bring benefits to the people. in this area, but it has brought about a lot of trouble, especially in the fields.
“After receiving the reports on the damage caused by the cyclone, the state government will talk to the central government for assistance,” he said. and the damage caused by the storm.
He said that in the past 20 years, the rainfall in Sohra has reached 4269mm, while now it has reached 3718.6mm. The width is 4269mm.
Of course there is much more work to be done but comprehensive steps have been made.
The Dorbar Lyiur of JHADC has started on the 25th of last month and was scheduled to end on Tuesday, but due to the sudden death of the Speaker of the House, the Dorbar has been postponed. The Bill was introduced by Fineliwell Bareh, Executive Member in charge of the Political Department of the House of Representatives. Council.
Shillong: Nirdesh Baisoya took eight wickets to lead Meghalaya to a 38-run victory over Nagaland in the U-16 Vijay Merchant Trophy at Golaghat, Assam today.
Nongpoh: The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, today informed the public that a body of a man, suspected to be a foreigner and aged about 35-40 years, has been found. They took him to Nongpoh Civil Hospital on the 5th of this month, after he was in good health and he was also a homeless man.
He said that the government's two laws allow MDCs to contest MLA elections. “But I don't know how much MLAs can contest MP elections,” he said.
Ma Tariang said that as a former politician he is unhappy with the working methods of the BJP office in the state and he feels alone, but he still wants to help the people so he thought of a way to help. to the people.
“In 2023, they will be able to hold the throne.
Jowai, July 29: The District Statistics Officer (DSO) today celebrated the National Statistics Day 2022 at Mynthong Community Hall, Jowai under the theme “Data for sustainable Development”.
The International Boxing Association (AIBA) has announced Mary Kom as the brand ambassador for the 2016 AIBA Women's World Boxing Championships. .2008 Female, Pepsi MTV Youth Icon 2008, 'Magnificent Mary', AIBA 2008International Boxing Association's Ambassador for Women's Boxing 2009 (TSE 30 July 2009, Sportswoman of the year, Lihara Sportary A Saports 2010, degree (D.Litt) from North-Eastern Hill University on 29th October 2016 and (DPhil) from Kaziranga University on 14th July 2019, the title 'Meethoileima' from the Government of Manipur (2018).
“We are ready to sit down and demand that the government should not give us jobs again thinking that many of us, who have worked for many years,” said the President of the party, Bah K Marwein.
In the tournament, Services won the Best Team, Akash won the Best Boxer and SSCB Coach Jai Patil won the Best Coach.
Those who wish to participate can register their names at the shop of Ma Philemon Lyngdoh at Mission Compound Jowai on or before the 15th of this month.
On the other hand, the four MLAs urged the Chief Minister that the state government should take action regarding this road. side of the central government will delay.
“The Superintendent of Police (SP) of East Jaintia Hills, who was present on the occasion, has already sent the necessary measures to announce on these issues and that the coal will not be mined as ordered. The 18th Interim Report of 4800 MT has already been suspended.
Joaquin Olona, ​​head of the agriculture department at the site, said nine employees have tested positive for the virus, including the wife of an employee at the site. .
Take the example of God's dealings with mankind.
Ampati, July 27: U Dr Bhagwat Kishanrao Karad, Minister of State for Education and Training, today visited Ampati, the capital of the Department of Home Affairs. to oversee the implementation of various schemes of the Government.
Shillong, Lber, 18: Several contractors who were busy working in the fields at Lumjingsuk, Madanryting, on the 16th of this month at about 6:00 pm, found a body of A human skull opposite the campus of the Indian Institute of Management (IIM) Shillong in Nongthymmai, Shillong.
So everyone who has the truth purifies himself.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah R.Kharbihkhiew, first of all, congratulated these villages who have received this award, especially the village leaders as well as the residents. villagers, who have worked hard to bring about a clean environment in the village.
Shillong, Lber 7: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday sought clarification from the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Baranwal. Non-release of certain posts including Ward Boy, Ward Girl, Sweepers, Cook, Chowkidar, Jamandar, Peon and others which have been advertised by the DM&HO office on 15th June
Shillong: U Bindo M Lanong, Chief Leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday said, “I will laugh as I am laughing now, if there is such a ticket race between me, the founder of the UDP party and the UNDP. people who don't belong to the party"
The order was issued by the District Magistrate as part of the efforts to prevent the misuse and misunderstanding of the Amusement Act and also to prevent the exploitation of the poor.
He spoke on the role of environmental technology in the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan; education, communication and health services in inaccessible areas, tele-medicine and tele-education.
Clifford died on 27th October after being elected to the Garo National Council (GNC).
The Diwali bomb blast has been heard in Shillong since this evening.
He said the KHADC thinks it would be better to send a new complaint which would be faster than the case of Bah Tirot Singh against the government.
According to the report, the rebel groups have called an 18-hour curfew on the Republic Day across the country.
“If the NPP MDCs have backed down, it will now be up to the UDP whether to proceed with this decision and the Congress will also take a decision on this issue,” he said. state.
Of these, 22 persons were arrested from East Khasi Hills and mostly from Shillong.
The Meghalaya Police Department has not yet released any statement on the matter.
In addition, the EC also approved the KHAD Services (Amendment) Rules, 2023 which aims to increase the age of employment of young recruits in the Council to 37 years.
Of the 1566 candidates, 1399 voted.
Our nation has seen a lot and is waiting for leaders who can walk together to achieve their vision.
The letter also stated that due to the large number of residents, the PHC has not been able to provide adequate treatment to the people due to the lack of doctors, staff nurses, staff and others.
In the midst of the pandemic, it is sad to wonder whether the children of the day labourers, the rangli-juki will still be able to continue their education to higher levels after the implementation of the policy? Secondly, we will not discuss here the Supreme Court's decision on the construction of the Ram Temple in Ayodhya, but the statement that the Government seems to have been involved in the laying of the foundation stone of the Temple on 5th July 2020 and the subsequent riots do we question whether we are still living in an independent country where the Constitution is above the power? It would have been better and more comforting if these things had never happened or if they had been postponed.
Each of them bought a house and a place in Shillong.
A NON FIR case has been registered against him under the Meghalaya Police Act. Shillong Court, and sentenced him to a fine of T.5000 tyngka.
Regarding the Meghalaya Residents Security and Safety Ordinance, 2019, I strongly congratulate the Government led by Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister. period.
Reach for the sky and give God all the glory.
After the residents explained the reasons for the flood and especially regarding the construction of torti by the road construction company, Bah Sohtun, on the same day, called the officials of the company. to improve the road and that they should bring Puhshilum to improve the damaged village.
The Chief Minister, who promised to implement the Nongstoin-Maweit Road, which is only 35KM from Nongstoin, said while inaugurating the Girls Hostel of Nongstoin Collage. This is just a warning to the people of the area and especially the 3 parties, because as of now, the Nongstoin-Maweit road has not been signed at all.
After that, permission from the State Government, Central Government and other departments is required.
“The state government has seen that they cannot do this, it has had to take over,” he said.
One of the Catholic branches of the Nongstoin Diocese has set up camp at Nongjri village, about 35 kilometers from Riangdo.
“We as the people of Laskeiñ Block want to know why our MLA did not attend the meeting of the 7 MLAs? Why Do You Jah? And why didn't he come when the meeting was to discuss the issues of the people?” said Samla Balawan Suchiang President KSU Laskein Circle.
Therefore, the government is also concerned about these complaints of the people and after seeing and hearing the objections, it has been decided to repeal this Act until other measures are introduced. illegal immigration in the state.
It is the right to change the rule of law.
However, the KHNAM did not take part.
Shillong, Jymmang 20 : The Airport Authority of India (AAI) has refused to allow the helicopter carrying the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma to fly to the country. arrive at Umroi Airport.
Coniwell Thabah had been missing with a Maruti Car since the evening of the 12th from Motphran area but the car was found on the 16th from Lummawbah Road.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Zhao Lijian acknowledged that the Galwan area is located on the Chinese border through the Line of Actual Control (LoC) between China and India.
The CCTV will also serve as a warning to the people not to commit immoral acts.
PH Shylla, Divisional Commandant of Home Guards, Shillong and G Kharumnuid, Junior Staff Officer, received the DGCD Silver Disc Award.
You know that sometimes you mean what you don't want and sometimes you say what you don't mean or intend.
He said that the leader should speak and advocate for the problems of the poor, auto drivers, market dwellers and youth, not to come as bosses to the constituency with the patrol police.
Gong Festival, Winter Tales Festival and the dates for these festivals will be announced later.
Kumar's remarks came in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's wish that the NDA win more than 400 seats in the Lok Sabha. members to 545 and the elections, this time, will be held in 543 constituencies.
Therefore, regarding the rise of the Umiam River, the DC Ri Bhoi, urged the residents along the Umiam River, to be vigilant and at the same time , that they should not go to the parts near the Umiam River, to avoid any tragic incident.
“I strongly condemn and demand with one voice without looking at anyone; that we want to know what happens when we just listen to the acquisition, is that there is that confusion and if they want to know that detail, we should wait for the report that will be prepared by the CBI," she added.
“When I'm done, I'll go and sit with my friends before some of the households who have arrived in the village,” said Sokon to his brother.
The NESO chairman said that earlier the army chief had said that the government could not enforce the AFSPA in Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand because they were indigenous people.
However, Miyazaki mushrooms are said to be the most expensive in the world at ₹2.70 lakh per kilogram at the world market price, according to a Japanese report.
The name of this organization is the War Jaintia Youth Council (WJYC) and the area of ​​operation of the War Jaintia Youth Council shall be within the boundary of Amalrem. The sub-division is located in the whole of War Jaintia.
The Prime Minister has launched a scheme to provide free medical treatment up to T.5 lakh to poor families.
“We have our own people here.
“The rule book clearly states that on Thursday, the House will work from 10 am to 12 noon,” Conrad told reporters.
He said dialogue would be the way to resolve any problems and misunderstandings.
Shillong, July 19: During the inspection of Trade License by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in Laban today, one of the shops was found to be owned by Khasi and another shop was owned by Khasi. .
Similarly, within the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah which falls within the boundary of the Hima Mylliem, the Hima has its own Act (Hima Mylliem Act, 2007).
Shillong today received 52.5 mm of rainfall from 8.30 am to 2.30 pm.
However, we are now seeing major changes, so we will have to consider also improving our lifestyle over time.
The PDF is the worst off without ministers and independent MLAs but the HSPDP can say that it is lucky to get ministers because it is quick to form a government.
A man has died in a competition to eat 50 pylleng in Bibiganj village in Uttar Pradesh.
Sonia Gandhi has made it clear at the CWC meeting that she wants to step down from the post, but senior leaders, including former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, have refused. They urged her to continue this work and at the same time, to look for a new leader of the party.
“However, if there are other people who want to hold issue elections, we cannot do anything about it but in the last two years of this scheme, many people have benefited from it,” he said. .
On the part of the village leaders and the residents of these villages, they expressed their gratitude to the army for this initiative which has been of great benefit to the residents of these border areas.
The funeral service will be held on the 21st of November at 2 pm at the Khyriem Cemetery in Demthring, Shillong.
Conrad Sangma has said that his Rajya Sabha MP will introduce the 8th Schedule.
The Meghalaya Police Department, on the directive of the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma and under the supervision of the Director General of Police (DGP), Dr. LR Bishnoi, has launched a campaign against drug trafficking. free the state from drugs.
Saul of Tarsus, who was also called Paul, said: “I really thought within myself I ought to commit many acts of opposition against the name of Jesus the Nazarene.
If there are any requests for clarification or complaints, or any information of the public, they can call these supervisors.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today announced that the State Government has decided to reopen tourist spots in the state from 1st November 2021 and foreign tourists must complete the second dose of vaccination and only those tourists who have completed the second dose of vaccination can enter Meghalaya and those Tourists who have not yet been vaccinated or who have been vaccinated only once must provide RTPCR tests to prove that they are free of the disease within 72 hours of being tested at the entry points.
Then, the mountains and rivers will be destroyed, and the precious commodities, such as ore, coal, trees, hills, rivers, agriculture, will be destroyed, because those railways have not yet arrived. Coke factories and other foreign coal factories and so on have been seen. What will happen when those trains are delivered?
Mukul said Meghalaya has turned its attention to those in front of it in terms of development projects, which have faced difficulties in recent days due to the lack of funds.
Because these roads are the purpose behind is exactly how to easily mine uranium and to allow Bangladeshis to enter this area of ​​ours and not to make us comfortable, the road We don't have enough roads that don't exist and we don't have enough to talk about them. We need improvement.
As mentioned above, there are still about 12 or 13 thousand teachers who have not received training only at Primary Level and we don't know how many teachers have not received training at Upper Primary, Secondary and Higher Secondary levels. , we don't know.
She said that they have been registered across the state through the Labor Inspectors who have been stationed in all parts of the state from the Block, as part of the implementation of the Labor Act.
We have spoken to the officials of the Ministry of Education and they have informed us that it has been sent to the Government and the Government is preparing to take action on our proposal for inclusion from Lower Primary, Upper Primary, Secondary and Higher Secondary.
The source said that five people were injured in the truck, one of whom died while the others were seriously injured and were taken to Civil Hospital. Nongstoiñ to receive emergency treatment.
In this regard, Bah P.Nongsiej, one of the elders of West Khasi Hills, said that it is very difficult to convince the residents to avoid the snow. for it is their inheritance, and they do according to their will.
The incident occurred on Sunday near the port of Jask, 790 miles northeast of Tehran, in the Gulf of Oman.
The CM's timely intervention will also help to ensure that the students of the state will have the opportunity to continue their studies and contribute to the development of agriculture. .
They also became the most precious heritage of the Khasi people since Kulong Kumah.
Members of various units within the Circle attended the election and the new office bearers of Mawryngkneng Circle were confirmed by the KSU Senior Leader Daniel Khyr iem.
He will also inaugurate the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra to release the 15th installment of PM-KISAN, inaugurate and lay the foundation stone of many projects in the state.
“This issue, which is related to the Naga flag and the Naga constitution, is a very important issue.
He said that the guitar he plays at the tourist spot is used to play when both the couple have finished working, sometimes there is a time when he plays, when he sings with his wife and there is a time when they play. just try.
Besides these activities, Bah John F Kharshiing also sent a letter sent on behalf of the Movement for Indigenous Peoples' Rights (MIRPL), through Bah Erwin K Syiem Sutnga, Vice Chairman, i/ c Legal Affairs, in which many and detailed suggestions were given on how to reform, promote and cooperate between the Traditional Tribal Legislative Assemblies and the Courts of India.
She said that on Saturday, Bah Pynshngaiñ sent her a message in English saying, “Just tell me either you will resign or I will drop”. you have resigned.
Shillong, Naitung 1: As soon as the KHADC Dorbar started discussing the amendment of the Hima Acts, the KHADC Dorbar, was shocked and shocked, because The opposition does not allow us to proceed with these issues.
The fight against Covid-19 or Corona virus is also unknown and the people do not trust this government.
There are Christian churches that hold church services every Sunday without washing hands, without wearing masks, without social distancing...If someone says, “Why don't you obey the government's orders?” Their answer is long, “When here in our village there is no case of Corona.
The seized drugs were handed over and confiscated in the presence of witnesses.
The victims were identified as Diatris Lyngkhoi and the 11 month old child was identified as Sharly Lyngkhoi. The two deceased, another child of the woman and her mother, sustained minor injuries.
To stand in line is only the first turn.
The HYC demands that the Meghalaya government should write to the Prime Minister, Minister of Home Affairs and Law Minister of India and to the MPs not to introduce any law to treat Indians as Indians. Foreigners from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan regardless of their religion or ethnicity.
"They say that many passengers like Hiram because he is shy and talkative," said the father while he was eating. “It's not like I'm going to be able to do anything,” said the mother and the tiffin song.
The program will start on the 17th of this month.
The Kayakalp scheme looks at the ability of health centers to provide a clean environment and to promote closeness between patients and health centers besides providing excellent services to patients.
The findings of these studies show that there are no health effects caused by EMF radiation.
Perhaps polling agents can receive 10,000 to 2,000 tyngka as a daily wage.
The Government should allow teachers who wish to take part in political governance and to contest elections. The Government should not prevent teachers who wish to take part in governance. To have a strong public administration, we need leaders who are intelligent, intelligent and knowledgeable. thinkers who have the power to think how to lead the people and to develop ways and means of various policies for the people.
The daily increase in the price of petrol and diesel has shocked the entire country especially when the people of the country are in dire need of income due to the lockdown. related to the coronavirus.
After conducting a search operation, the BSF seized a pla containing Indian rupees 7 lakh tyngka and later handed over the money to the Gumaghar Police Station. FIR for further investigation.
According to the proposal to split the constituency, the Council wants to create Umsning constituency by abolishing Laitkroh constituency.
On the other hand, he said that he has not heard anything from Bah Shangpliang on this issue, but he has heard from his people from Mawsynram and on Tuesday from the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. State, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar in the media.
Last month, Ngaitlang had gone to Jirang constituency to campaign for former RBYF leader Sosthenus Sohtun and to announce him as the NPP candidate from the constituency. constituency in
Evergreen lost nine wickets for 182 runs in 35 overs.
“The ILP is a necessary tool to protect the country and the minority,” said the KHNAM MDC.
Morningstar Mawsor, MDC HSPDP from Mawshynrut, while taking part in the memorial service, said that Hoping was a man who was determined to resolve the disputed border of Meghalaya. and the state of Assam.
Therefore, he said that it is the Sindh Home Ministry which should look into and follow up on such incidents which affect the peace and order of the people in the area and provide protection especially of the minorities who live there.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) will hold a rally of appreciation at Polo Ground on the 18th of this month at 11 am.
Regarding the removal of Bah James, he said that it was the meeting of the committee that the MLAs and MDCs who were present said that he should be removed, it was not me who removed him. He should not be the supervisor, and Bah Kimfa S Marbaniang MLA has been appointed to supervise.
Furthermore, these parents said that due to the fear and anxiety of some of the students that they may not be able to write the examination, it has led some of the students to They were taken to the hospital for treatment.
If anyone has not received the money or has not received these goods, they can lodge a complaint with the Sub Division Officer (Supply) by writing their name and village so that they can be notified. punish the ration distributors.
The Magistrate did not respond to the complaint.
“The uncertainty in the state has left the people in darkness,” said Dr Mawthoh.
I would like to express my gratitude to all the newspapers, who have worked hard day and night, to publish accurate and truthful news, information, so that the country and the nation can get what is happening. everywhere.
Meanwhile, the East Jaintia Hills District Court is conducting a hearing on the incident.
The Khasi Authors Society (KAS) Jowai in collaboration with the Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai has celebrated the 182nd Anniversary of the arrival of Rev. Thomas Jones in Khasi Hills. “The Contribution of Thomas Jones to the Khasi People”.
It would be too long if I wrote all the facts here, but the time is not long to arrange the song and especially the customs and traditions of the clean khawlang brought by the French to allow the Dkhars to lynkien.
It was also witnessed that a vehicle was parked in front of the crematorium which was built specifically for vehicles.
The union had planned to hold a rally on the streets with four flags, but was banned by the district authorities and thus held a two minute silence as a sign of condolences to the killings. Khasi in Mukroh.
Chilliangraij scored the first goal of the match (55).
He said that it is urgent to set up a National Law School in the state where the students of the state can compete with other students of different states.
The sudden suspension of Dr. Mukul Sangma and his team from investigating the post of MPCC President recently was not peaceful.
Speaking to reporters afterwards, the chairman of the committee, Bah Prestone Tynsong, admitted that the committee was pleased with its first meeting.
He said that if the government itself runs the casino or authorizes those who intend to run the casino, it will have to take responsibility if any incident occurs. “It is unfortunate that the union does not hesitate to protest and even if it is necessary to shut down the road if the government intends to operate by force,” he added.
The Committee on Women Empowerment of the Legislative Assembly on the 8th of this month summoned the Director General of Police (DGP) and the Investigating Officer (IO) to appear before the Director General of Police (DGP) and the Investigating Officer (IO) 4-year-old daughter and 2-year-old son.
Bah Borin Shadap and his family have also been able to create a bright environment by planting soh trees, as well as other trees in a 23 acre area near the Resort.
Thank you AIS for this short article and many ideas that we should think about.
To be wise to build our country and nation and not destroyers.
Members of the union led by General Secretary Bah Kenny Nongrum demanded that the relevant authorities and officers of these Central Government agencies should respect the special day of the jaidbynriew.
YC Pdengkarong beat Shkenpyrsit Sports Club (SC) 1-0 in the first semifinal of the match played at the Ladpajlem Mini Stadium on Thursday.
There are 65 participating teams in all 4 zones.
In 2012-2013 alone, 8,33,28 people including children and adults have visited the festival.
One of the Jaintia people was pleased with his statement.
Four athletes, including two women and two men, have been selected to represent Meghalaya at the 37th National Games to be held in Goa.
The militants also detonated a bomb near the Parma Nand railway station and three bombs at the Amritsar-Pathankot railway station. When the bombs were dropped, the train was only about 200 meters away but it was able to leave quickly.
The Assam Don Bosco University has been working hard to provide clean electricity to the environment by installing solar panels in the hills and valleys.
Speaking to reporters, Sangma said everyone including the opposition Voice of the People Party (VPP) can come to meet with the government at any time to discuss the issue. .
This article does not cover everyone, but it focuses on those who have slandered, slandered and defamed the nation beyond limits.
Dr. Desmond Kharmawphlang, Professor, Department of Cultural and Creative Studies, NEHU and Auswyn Japanp, Assistant Professor, St. Anthony's College, Shillong, expressed the need to remember and regulate the culture. .
One of the households in the area, who has experienced a lot of trouble in speaking to reporters in the past few days, said that now the insurgents or armed groups in the area. They didn't count the owners or contractors of the area, but they demanded from the ground and the house was found after the insurgents came to put letters demanding money. , but just to save their lives they have to pay and they have to earn and carry money even though they live by day labor.
No one was present to help or translate at the meeting.
In this regard, on behalf of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar, through the Tymmen U San Group, we have taken and done our part and duty in the holy Duwan-ka Dupat, at Kliar U. Lum Sohpetbneng and in collaboration with the Seiñ Raij, Jowai, Seng Khihlang, Seiñ Kyntu Khadar Doloi, Seng Bah Nongshat-Nongkheiñ, Children's Association, Khasi-Tre and all Traditional Religious Organizations Tre, I am confident that we will be able to eradicate this disease and all the diseases, raieh-raidam, mawjynthut that we encounter from time to time and that we will reach the thong with the Hok, the ten words.
At the end of last year, Mawlai Sports Club and Lumparing SC won their first victory in the Women's Football League organized by the Shillong Sports Association.
However, I was surprised to see that even now the motphran has been demolished and converted into another form, and this has been done in the past few days when another mot has been erected in its place. the motphran who was built by the French.
The Department of Agriculture has been renamed the Directorate of Agriculture, Research, Training and Technology Induction.
However, after the opposition demanded to send it to the Select Committee, Banteidor requested the Prime Minister to take action on this.
It is on this basis that he as the Chief Minister and his government have had to work hard to advocate with the Central Government and request it to allow the mining of coal and now it has succeeded.
Earlier, the JAC had tried to meet the Minister of Tourism, but the Minister allegedly refused to allow them to meet.
“We know it will not be easy for East Bengal because they are a strong club and the players are good, but we will fight hard to win,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The Assembly Public Accounts Committee (PAC) has directed the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District to complete a thorough inspection of the disputed land for the construction of the Umroi Airport. this work within two weeks.
until the relevant department has authorized them to do so.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 22: The Rympei PIP Football Team from Shillong has been one of the 16 teams to win the 2nd Above 40 Football Tournament “Play to Fit” was organized by the Veterans Football Committee of Mawten Sports Club (MSC) at Mawpyllun Stadium, Mawten, South West Khasi Hills District.
It is not known whether this will be long or short, but the election is getting closer and closer and if you wait until the last minute it will not reach anywhere, except for the confusion.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Synshar said, “I am happy.
Shillong, July 26: Robbers have abducted J. Narayan Rai (60), Railway Supervisor, Tilapara/Bakenang, North Garo Hills on Tuesday at 3:45 pm.
The flyoff event will not only showcase the launch of ODOP and to use new methods in transportation and recognize the famous musla from Meghalaya, she said.
Tickets are available through the website www.wintertales.
But if we pray with pride and arrogance, God is displeased.
“We demand that the government should take action and build a parking lot in Them Metor,” said Bah Jyrwa. He added that a copy has been sent to the Registrar General of the High Court. Meghalaya should not fight against this.
Furthermore, it is necessary to oppose the increase in the price of land by companies in the State.
Many of the UDP leaders were not aware of the invitation, but it was said that Paul had chosen only those whom he liked.
At the same time, he urged the businessmen and contractors to try to open accounts in other banks to avoid conflict with the public. They are Job Card Holders who have worked for 100 days.
Speaking to reporters, Soster, who led the North Eastern Regional Domestic Workers Movement, said that in Shillong alone, there are about 5,000 women who are alive. While there are more than 5000 children under the age of 18 years who work in households.
Only through the roads has it become a district which has been almost overwhelmed by foreigners, which has now affected the income, trade and even the population. Reachingson Siangshai, said, “If this railway line comes, it will open up more opportunities for other high paid ethnic groups. from northern India to enter and leave, live and work and work in the District and this will affect the villagers especially those who own trucks and all those who live. bag is the truck.
Know that we are that generation that lives in the Last Days.
There are those who oppose only to get their own money, there are those who believe in it, but there will be a time when even if you want it, you won't get it.
Meanwhile, the General Secretary of the Syndicate, Bah Pyntngen Mylliempdah, said that it has been decided to send more buses to Tynring for the benefit of the passengers.
Police have found that the incident which led to the killing of Bah Omega was caused by the fighting between the two groups.
The three suspects were identified as Meban Talang, Sambun Dkhar and Jimmy Kyndait.
On the allegation that the HNLC has distributed demand letters, Kong Nongrang said that the HNLC has already clarified that it is not true, but the investigation is ongoing. “We need to remind the youth who have gone down the wrong path, and it is not only the duty of the police but the cooperation with the community and others. groups who have concerns,” said the DGP, adding that when working, one should work from the heart and work hard.
Dr. Kharlukhi said that if they find that they should lodge a complaint against those who do it, in order to arrest those who do it according to the law. star in mining affairs.
The maximum temperature was 16.9 degrees Celsius in Sohra, the minimum temperature was 6.9 degrees Celsius, the minimum temperature was 18.4 degrees Celsius and the minimum 7.7 degrees Celsius in Umiam.
According to the Cigarettes & Other Tobacco Products Act, 2003, the sale of tobacco near schools within a distance of 100 meters is prohibited. shops that violate this law.
He encouraged the farmers not to be ashamed of agriculture and to take agriculture as one of the sources of employment especially for the youth.
“This is not a new thing,” said the union and said that these organizations should not operate within the boundary of the 7trep land in Borsora, Shahlang or in The HNLC has not invaded their land and has not invaded any Garo people or harmed the innocent people of our country. they.
The ceremony began with the sacrifice of Ryngkaw, Chad Iung, Than Blai, Thoh Langdoh, Hat Khrong, Kamcharoh Blai, Chooh Thyndai and others.
How did the ancient society stand on the foundation of mutual support and helping the poor; The community which used to have free drinking water now has to buy water.
Thus, the game ended with one goal.
Rahul Gandhi was speaking at a farmers' meeting in Naya Raipur in Chhattisgarh.
In view of the development and peace and stability in the North East, Myntri Rangbah Duh has visited the region more than 60 times in the past six and a half years. politics can bring about economic development in the region.
On this occasion, even the Longkmie of the village and those who were present on the occasion, came out to explain the allegation of Bah Goldenstar Khongwar, in which they said that the statement of Bah Goldenstar in the media has been very wrong and unfounded.
The MLA of West Shillong constituency said he does not know why it is necessary to stir up the people within three months of the formation of the government, while Dr Mukul Sangma has been allowed to stir up for five years without stirring up the government. Why does this issue arise now only three months after the formation of the MDA-II government?
According to the SP, the incident happened in their vehicle ML01-5879 which was traveling near MLP Mawiong while they were returning from work from Guwahati at about 10:40 pm.
On the other hand, Bah Marbud, in his speech, blessed this young man and urged him to continue to grow and urged the Government to look after the talented people so that they can reach the top of the list of achievements. that don't.
When we talk about God's Kingdom, are we talking about the way it rules or who rules it? or how shall I rule? When we discuss the subject of the Kingdom of God we discuss the principles, the new philosophy, the value system and the example of the Kingdom of God.
As of 13th June, 2020, the total payment was ₹9,930 crore.
The Regional Committees have already held meetings with the Assam government authorities and the work to resolve this is also progressing,” he said.
Police said that these vehicles were seized from the Polo area to Lawmali.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Dohtdong said he was surprised that the pain khana, which is located near the Secretariat, has been owned by a person from Guwahati.
The village authorities said that the plastic waste came from Guwahati, Mizoram, Agartala and other places.
The room allocated for the Warden is only one room, there is no kitchen.
The tournament started on 21st November 2022 and ended on 23rd November 2022 at Vasudevam School Indoor Hall, B-Block, Sector 14, Prashant Vihar, New Delhi.
This comes two days after the VPP on the 20th of this month expelled a member of the State Executive Committee for remarks against the party.
Voters living abroad must bring their original Indian Passports.
On behalf of the CPF, he acknowledged that as agreed, it will remain unchanged.
One of them is Emboklang Nongkhlaw, 15, resident of Sohryngkham Neng, son of Bah Successly Lytan and Ibelda Nongkhlaw. to join the India U-16 Football team for the AFC U-16 Championship to be held in Bahrain in November this year.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, has promised to release the monthly salary of the employees of the JHADC within a month.
A little while later, I heard a bad thought that something might have happened in the middle of the night.
When asked whether any more evidence is needed, Hek said, “I have not seen the RTI report, show me first, then I will believe you.” He said that such a behavior of the company is unacceptable and the government will take its decision.
There was no complaint or complaint filed at Shallang Police Station against these two coal trucks.
He said that the Engineer and the SDO of the PHE department have promised to try to find ways and means to find water wells for the supply of water to the village.
In the Nongshken GS Circle, the villages are Longkading, Mawdang, Nongshken, Korblang, Hat Thymmai, Mawlyngkhai, Wahumlein, Dobkba, Urhati, Mawbyrnei, Tangmang and Pakhria.
This discourages them because in their poverty and deprivation they cannot find their way even if they want to rise higher and improve their skills.
The union also expressed its strong opposition to the collection of donations by the union for the Nongstoin-Mawthabah-Ranikor road, as the road has been allocated funds by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways through the Special Accelerated Road Development Program for North East (SARDP-NE), in order to facilitate the mining of uranium across the Mawthabah area.
The President of the HSPDP Youth Wing, Bah Sandondor Ryntathiang in his speech, congratulated the office bearers who have been involved in the project and especially the Rangbah Dong who has helped to complete the project. this is the house.
The Shnong has imposed a rule that the authorities cannot open the factory until they have brought back the woman and the man.
At the same time, the FKJGP Mawprem strongly condemned this action of the police.
However, this does not work in the northern parts of India.
The police control room has spread the news to the OCs, ICs of various districts across the state and abroad as well as the photograph of the missing person.
They also opposed the desire of these communities to empower the Gaonbura or Rangbah Shnong, which is an attempt to abolish the Nokma, who have been working for a long time.
There are 11 cases in East Khasi Hills, 6 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 5 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 5 cases in West Garo Hills and 1 case in East Garo Hills.
It is to be recalled that on 21st June 2015, the KSU and the Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung together with the residents of Umsur, Rymphum, Thangru and Tyrshing and other neighboring villages under Block An Ejahar has been lodged at Mawlasnai Police Outpost and the Superintendent of Police in Ribhoi district against the Karbi People's Liberation Tiger (KRP) for threatening and demanding money worth 2000 tyngka from the families of these villages.
Secondly, they will have to win many MLAs from the VPP, otherwise the victory of Bah Ardent and a few MLAs from the VPP will not reach the goal of the people.
Referring to the Block, the Minister said that the Rambrai C&RD Block will now operate from a temporary office while the construction of the new office is underway.
In the Under-14 Boys, All Saints Diocesan Secondary School beat Khimusniang Presbyterian Secondary School 2-0
Shri D. Choudhury, Branch Manager, State Bank of India (SBI) Jowai also gave a briefing on the Meghalaya Personal Accident Insurance Scheme.
(7) Everyone should stop going abroad:- This includes those who go to study, those who go to work and our Ministers.
He said that the High Court of the state has recently taken up the issue of illegal coal mining after its judges went to inspect and found that there is illegal mining and smuggling of coal in the state. .
Shillong, Jymmang 27 : Jingjang D Shira has been appointed as the new Chief Executive Director (CED) of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA). It has 500 members who are training in Rengdim West Khasi Hills on the border with East and South Garo Hills.
He said that the officers and police who participated in the hearing have received instructions to ensure peace and order during the public hearing and have also been instructed to be vigilant when talking to the public as well as to use the authority only when a clear command is received.
Shillong: The Village Leaders of Mawryngkneng Village, in the presence of Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem MDC and Chairman of KHADC, today submitted a petition to the Minister in charge of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. James K Sangma has said that the electricity bill has increased significantly in the area.
Let us stand as one people to prevent this disease from spreading.
At present, although the NPP has more votes than the UDP which leads the Executive Committee, the party leaders have not believed that the NPP will not break its promise. If all the NPP leaders say that they will respect the soskular to allow the UDP to lead the power in KHADC, then the Executive Committee will be elected. The party will continue to lead the party until the end of its term in
Earlier, the Kynshi project was also suspended due to the discovery that parts of the Kynshi River contain uranium.
These entrepreneurs will ultimately be job givers and no longer job seekers.
forgive the debts of the farmers.
Shillong: The Coordinating Committee of Bangladesh Riwar People on Saturday paid tribute to Bah Africa Suting, one of the Khasi soldiers who took part in the Independence War of Bangladesh. the village of Mawryngkang.
Is there anything else like this? Historic! Because I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what the CEM has done.
Kolkata, Jymmang 05: The government will implement the Citizenship Amendment Act as soon as there are fewer restrictions on the spread of COVID-19, the Prime Minister of India, Amit Shah, today said.
The Garo under the leadership of Captain WA Sangma sent a Telegram or Statement saying, “The Garo FULLY SUPPORT THE DEMAND OF THE KHASI NATIONAL DORBAR TO CREATE A STATE .
“The nation has suffered a great deal in the past year,” he said.
The family of Meirad Melrose Challam, resident of Chutwakhu Jowai, informs you that she passed away on
Police have registered a case on the incident and the investigation is ongoing.
The 14 Sengbhalang have again announced a night curfew against the government's refusal to implement the ILP in the state.
I really applaud the steps of this team.
Khliehriat, July 26: The District Social Welfare Office of East Jaintia Hills District today held a special program to mark the International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking. Community Hall in Umkiang.
When we turn back to the political parties, we see that although there is a coalition of the same parties in the MDA 1.0 coalition government, they are still fighting like Ukraine and Russia.
On all leaves, except for a few, there is a substance that is blue.
The media writes every day about forty kinds of crimes, but as these crimes are published, they seem to increase and never end.
Ardent said this after Prestone, the Principal Secretary and State President of the NPP, said that if he can bring or show the blue print on the love of the nation, he (Prestone) The VPP leader said that the party will train the youth, women and parents to fight against corruption, all kinds of evils, discrimination by walking. with a new route and clean new suspicious people.
If there are any complaints from the customers, they will be investigated by the OCs and ICs and their authority will be revoked by the office of the Superintendent of Police at any time.
If it is sent by the Minister, he too shall go to jail, if it can be proved.
Bishop Victor said that God wants to be close and talk to people at all times and this shows that in ancient times God spoke to us people through various prophets and in these in these days he has spoken to us through his Son, Jesus Christ (Heb. 1:1-2).
“Why does the government harass and insult the teachers so much,” she said.
According to Father Sngi, “love is the true and new image of Jesus and of God, and those who believe and follow Jesus have this love.
The 15 land owners who have been affected include C Wanniang, Philomina Dkhar, Liya Dkhar, Noralin Nongdhar, Mardamon Mylliemngap, Plentimai Nongrang, Ritiya Dkhar, Risumar Mylliemlong, Tina Lawriniang, Dransing Mylliemlong, Kesis Kharkongor, Larida Basaiawmoit, Phylisia Wankhar, Thirian Shangpliang, Nana Rumnong, Robina Malngiang, Kmen Dkhar and Medris Shylla.
What we mean is that let us think carefully about whom we will vote for.
On the same day, the Minister also handed over the computers to the Lummawbah Government Lower Primary School.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 03: The District Mental Health Program (DM&HP) Office under the jurisdiction of the District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO) has organized a “ Pastor LEJyrwa, Pastor I/c Mawkyrwat District Counselor, Pastor LE Jyrwa, Pastor LEJyrwa, Member Life Care Foundation, Mawkyrwat has been appointed as the Resource Person.
This is the backlog of the Khasi-Pnar people.
Dr.(Mrs.) E.Kharkongor also congratulated the team from these colleges for organizing this book fest and encouraged the students to participate. to read books so that they can improve their knowledge in many fields.
He also showed a picture of the beer, saying “See this beer? This is the price of beer, the most expensive I have ever drunk in my life.
So the question arises what is the role of faith in such cases? Is faith in God the only reason? Or is God the cause or the cause of these wars? Or is God involved in these conflicts and bloodshed? No religion or church group claims to teach hatred, enmity, and murder.
Those who fail to renew their affiliation will have to start a new affiliation next year, said a statement from the Hon General Secretary WJDSA. It was stated in the Legislative Assembly that the appointment of Home Guards Volunteers is voluntary as a Voluntary Organization and they cannot apply or demand for full or part-time appointment.
In one of these incidents, a robber raped a 10 year old girl in November 2018 and the robber named Slanbor Marweiñ, was arrested by the Nongstoiñ Police Station on a complaint. filed against him on November 7,
This has allowed tourist vehicles from abroad, especially those from Assam, to enter our tourist attractions, such as the central village, Sohra and so on. , has also restricted the income of the state residents who are the owners and drivers of tourist vehicles.
Let's go here.
It covers an area of ​​1543 sq km in Jaintia Hills.
“This man is God, who sits in the temple of God in Jerusalem.”—2 Thessalonians 2:4
Therefore, he urged the believers to turn to God so that we can escape many of the temptations and misleading of Satan and as Christians we should also turn to God by “It is there that we will receive many blessings and that God will deliver us from many evils,” he added.
Shillong: The Khasi Authors' Society (KAS) on Tuesday demanded that the Khasi language should be recognized as the official language of the state. She also submitted a petition to the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongal Sangma at a meeting at his office.
The farmers in the area have lost their income worth billions of rupees and have demanded that the Prime Minister should look into and help them urgently. affecting the farmers these days.
According to the EIA 2020, the government can exercise its authority over our land, including those resources that are on our land after the government has completed the survey if it finds those who need it, it will dig and dig by force. This action of the government through this EIA 2020 shows that we the land owners who are the owners of the land are just like slaves in their own country.
Shillong, October 4: The High Court will hear the case against the MLAs/MDCs on 18th October
Shillong, July 13 : The final of the Meghalaya State League in both venues today was very exciting especially when the match was between the strongest teams this time.
It is prohibited to install any lights which are against the laws laid down by the government.
Shillong, March 2: The residents of Diengpasoh village have said that they do not want factories to attract foreigners but they want the development of the villagers and the area.
“If the government listens, the party will take a strong protest to demand the removal of the SDO,” said Bah Nongrum.
Negligence Negligence.
Thanks to Jesus Christ the Son of God who died for the sins of the people of the world, paid the penalty of sin from the hands of Satan with the price of His blood on the cross of CALVARY. he who died and rose again, who lives forever and ever.
The PHH rice will be distributed at the rate of 5 kilos per head, free of charge.
The committee headed by Bha Hoping Stone Lyngdoh on Tuesday inspected the meat processing plant to see the condition of the meat processing plant.
It was found at 4:30 am.
" The climate of these  hills seems to him to resemble that of the West England and had no doubt that many patients now sent to the Cape of to Europe might be restored at much less expense of time and money if sent to the Sonatoria established on the Khasi Hills.
Even if you look at them with your eyes, you can see that they are overloaded vehicles/trucks.
On the 22nd of this month, the Seng has sent a letter to the Director of NEIGRIHMS demanding the immediate cancellation of the post of Nursing Officer through NORCET which affects the students of the state. The Seng also demanded that the recruitment within NEIGRHIMS should not be handed over to foreign agencies and that the recruitment examination should be conducted within the State and not outside the State.
““In my tenure as MLA, I have shown my work in various fields and as an MP I will show my role in governance.
Later, the team searched the residence of Chwamiki Lyngdoh and seized 24.47grams of heroin.
Besides, the residents have conducted a program to improve the water supply by planting trees in the village.
In this regard, it is said that the doctors on that day struggled to remove all the chewing gum by inserting a kind of nar to remove the food stuck in the stomach of the victim. a child.
They said that since last year, they have met with Bah Gigur Myrthong MLA of the area and requested him to help in the repair of the road. but until now he has done nothing.
He said India is a country where it tells others before attacking them, and the mass bombing of people from the news is the way of thinking of the Mooist rebels.
Besides the MLA, NEFA leaders including Theresia Syiem, President, B.Malai Adviser, Mirajune Secretary, officers from the Department of Sericulture and Handloom and others together with the women of Umden area.
The slow decline of the Congress party in Meghalaya has encouraged a lot especially those supporters who have been supporting the party for decades.
The District Session Court on the 19th of this month has dismissed the petition filed by Pastor Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh against the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod Sepngi. Synod you.
The registration of participants will be on or before July 4, 2024, said Junestar Kharbuli, President, Bouncers Association of Meghalaya.
After the ban on heavy vehicles passing through the Dwar Ksuid Bridge, all heavy trucks have to pass through the Umiam Bridge. , will cause serious damage to the bridge, therefore the government needs to think separately and create the necessary measures, to avoid future problems, they added.
“As the HPC has said that it is still considering the matter, they have been given four months to respond.
There are about 262 villages in the district along the Aamba, Patalganaga, Gadhi, Savitri, Gandhari, Ulhas, Kal and Kundalika Balganga rivers, he said.
Shillong, November 19: To encourage farmers to use organic fertilizers, the State Agriculture Department has received training from US Officer James Turners at a training center in Upper Shillong which started today.
Clement was the Minister in charge of Power in the previous government and won the 2018 MLA election from Salsella constituency.
However, if there is no spiritual closeness and a bright appearance, the position of parenthood is lost.
Explaining the reasons why these shopkeepers and village leaders have opposed, they said that they have lived in this area for decades and there has never been such a land invasion. There are other villages in the village, but the land acquisition is still new and has surprised the people.
“The state government has launched the 'Green Meghalaya' programme, which is a program to assist residents who conserve the environment.
“FKJGP President Bah Dundee Khongsit said that the party supports the demand of the MLA of Nongkrem to change this because it is not only the demand of the VPP but of the people. whole.
He said why Mukul Sangma and his ministers have not implemented the MUDA Act in their area and constituency, and if Mukul Sangma is really willing to implement the MUDA Act, They should implement the Act first in Ampati and in the places where there are Ministers. Then the people of the area will accept it or not. MLA in the opposition, and especially the absence of Maieid Hoping who is the leader of the Jaitbynriew.
This road, which is 80 km from Jowai, is a production area for many agricultural products, including kwai, tympew, synsar, soh and other crops.
East Shillong has been led by Ampareen Lyngdoh as MLA and has won from this seat since
They will display the BBBP logo on their shirts and banners as a sign of their support for this.
Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, MLA Amlarem, in his speech, said that the implementation of this scheme is due to the cooperation of the residents, PHE officials and the contractor.
They didn't know how to eat and were hungry.
At present, the ESIC provides medicines and cash benefits to 3.42 crore Insured Persons (IPs) and 13.30 crore beneficiaries.
“I gave birth to another child from my father after this incident in 2007 and until now I have taken care of this child. In 2016, my father attacked me again and committed this crime against me and I gave birth to a second child but unfortunately she died when she was two years old,” she said. longkmie.
Here are some tips that you can use to treat yourself at home to get a healthy and beautiful skin.
His passing is a great loss to the journalism industry in the State.
The President of JYF has requested information through RTI from the department on the collection of revenue and the use of the funds collected by the department since 22nd June 2016 and the Chief Forest Officer has given the reply. which is only two lines on 18 June 2016.
The Antyodaya Anna Yojna (AAY) quota will be distributed free of cost at the rate of 35 kgs per card/household per month.
The Principal Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Sampath Kumar, has praised the hospital for its efforts in the fight against COVID-19 and the services provided by the hospital.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Sohra MLA Bah Titosstar Well Chyne said that he feels that it is good that the STPS should cooperate with the bus operators. Owners and drivers of vehicles in Sohra area to discuss before they come to work in this area.
It was reported that there were people who wanted to shoot Macron.
They are the people who decide.
He was also a star in football and hockey.
“I have spoken to the MLA of the area.
The government authorities have complained that there is a shortage of masks these days, saying that the mask should become a daily routine.
Murray, who has lost seven of his last five matches, returned with a victory over Alexandre Muller in Doha.
“We welcome, appreciate and congratulate the government departments for bringing in development schemes, we urge them to bring more development schemes in the state, but the Government of India should also take action to “Give us the right to ILP so that we can protect ourselves from being overwhelmed by the foreigners in our own country and state,” said Bah Bandari Ryntathiang, Joint Secretary, COMSO.I. The Center does not want ILP in our State.
Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar, DD – He was ordained a Priest on 23rd July,
The restaurant is located at TISTA Restaurant, Khliehriat West. For more information please call 9862889655 and
In the innings, Rajesh Bishnoi took three wickets for 17 runs, Khurana took 2/8 runs and Riboklang Hynniewta took two wickets for 19 runs.
What will happen if the Government of India implements these two laws? Finally, before I conclude, I would like to urge our fellow countrymen not to be too happy with those development schemes. ) of the Government of India or the State Government, but we must first think how we can protect our own unique nation so that it does not become a threat to the future generation.
On the same day, the NDA held a meeting in New Delhi and the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, said that most of the citizens of the country have already accepted the The NDA has decided to win the Lok Sabha elections
The MAWA leader congratulated the Prime Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, the Minister of Sports, Shakliar Warjri, Dr. Vijay Kumar D, Commissioner Secretary, Isawanda Laloo, Director. The Sports Department and also the volunteers who support the synjuk from time to time.
The investigation sometimes goes on.
Nongpoh: Blomingstar Sylliang, a youngster from Iewmawlong village, who came first in the Meghalaya Superstar Season-3, has won the first place in the Meghalaya Superstar Season-3 The RBYF, Iewmawlong Circle, today honored the winner of the 2nd Runners Up Singing Competition by presenting him with souvenirs and other gifts.
Regarding the orderliness, cleanliness and security of the MDC Hostel, the CEM said that the Executive Committee has recently discussed this and decided to send three Enforcement Police to patrol the MDC Hostel for the purpose of security. happiness.
Paul said that child marriage is very common in the outskirts of Shillong.
The District Tuberculosis Officer, East Khasi Hills District today held a program on the launch of the Ni-Kshay Mitra Project in East Khasi Hills District. through the Doctors For You team at Reid Provincial Chest Hospital Hall, Jhalupara, Shillong.
Jon also told police that Christina stole the check and took the $10,000 that belonged to him.
Therefore, there was a complaint from the villagers because of the bias of the Rangbah Shnong.
“Speaking clearly on these issues, Bah Aiborsing said, “I don't want the party to spend the night just making receipt books to demand money, because it is This is why many people now hate the Sengbhalang, because it is only for the sake of money.
Sanbor urged the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) and Congress leaders to apply for tickets from the BJP if they are not sure that they can win the MLA elections-2023 from their own parties.
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong urges the residents to be clean, not to throw garbage without finding it and to know how to separate the garbage from the rotten and The village from time to time conducts training programs and cleanliness of the village/market to bring about a clean environment.
However, for the People Democratic Front (PDF), there is no discussion yet as it is new.
“Many of the MLAs have not understood the 10th Schedule and have asked why they have given a showcase individually, but the complaint of each MLA is because they have left the party alone and cannot. recognize them as groups" she added.
He said that cycling is closely related to physical health and as this program is related to food, the Social Welfare Department felt it was appropriate to work with the cyclists to celebrate the this month.
Shillong: The Achik Holistic Awakening Movement (AHAM) as an organization stands to fight against corruption and unjust practices which have threatened the cultural heritage of the Garo people since ancient times. ne A·chik, wants to stand up to condemn the activities and voices that try to create nationalism which also leads to anti-nationalism and evil deeds in society for the selfish gain of some individuals.
The Meghalaya government has appointed MS Rao as the new Chief Secretary of the State Government.
The KHADC's share of this is T.133 crore.
Replying to a question on the Government's preparation of the security forces for the Republic Day celebrations especially after the recent decision of the HNLC to withdraw from the peace talks with the Central Government, Bah Paul said this. bad state government.
There is no better time to take care of the skin between the onset of the cold season and before the skin experiences the heat and cold.
According to police sources, a team of fire brigade and police received information from the residents about the incident and immediately went to search for the body but could not find it due to the flooding of the dam.
Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital is a well equipped and well known hospital in the field of tuberculosis treatment and they have worked hard to provide the best treatment to the people of the North East. now for many years.
The complaint also included the announcement dated 8th July 2016, regarding the Council's fishing permit, which set the price of T.1 lakh for fishing from Wah Umngot, T.1.21 lakh. from Lukha, Umtyrngai T.27,000, Lakroh from the foot of Thwei Pachum to the Bangladesh border, T.1.25 lakh and other rivers.
“The Rangsakona MLA further alleged that in Tura, the illegal sale of kyiad is widespread even in shops.
If we count these scores together, the total reaches
We have taken the mobile phone from the victim and we have tried to find our brother but until now we have not found him,” said the family members. Shanbor Surong was wearing a blue T-Shirt, blue jeans and sandals.
He also expressed his satisfaction that no casualties were lost in this incident.
The Government has released those who have left the state and ensured that their return will be safe to their villages, to build houses, to pay compensation to those who have lost their homes. injured and lost their fields and livestock.
He recalled that during the British rule, seeing the evils of child marriage in India, it passed a law known as 'The Child Marriage Restraint Act' in the year
At least three people have been arrested by Punjab police after a bomb blast at the Golden Temple in Amritsar on Friday morning.
It is believed that the burning of the BJP office was caused by a protest against the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill.
The KSU found that the school was covered with tarpaulin or plastic bags, but the water was flowing into the water and the tin sopiing was flooded.
On the 30th, Bah V.Swer ADC, DSO Kong B.Syiem and other dignitaries including the President of Nongstoin Town LPC Schools Bah KK Lynser were present. and others who also took part in the distribution of prizes to the winners.
"You have done the best you can, in which the Americans have shown the world and congratulated you with a smile," Biden said in his speech from the garden of roses. at the White house.
“It’s that too.
He said that the harvest of sohsaw this year is very slow, due to the sudden change in the weather at the beginning of sohsaw planting compared to previous years.
The 132nd Durand Cup will start on the 4th of July.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah A.Nongbri, MCS, said that voting is the right of every citizen of the country, so as voters they should refrain from being bought and He urged those who attended the program to spread the message to others so that others should understand the need to vote. He also encouraged the voters in the district to come forward to cast their votes in the upcoming Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Election
“Even the various schemes of the central government which have been allocated to the people have been misused,” Agarwal said.
After receiving this news, Rupang went to investigate the incident.
Shillong, June 28: The Khasi Department of NEHU in collaboration with the Department of Hindi has organized a seminar on the topic, “Teaching and Learning “Khasi Language to Non-Khasi Speakers,” which was held at the Non-Science Cluster of the University.
In fact, the Mining and Geology department is a department that can generate revenue through taxes, but there are many shortcomings in its operation and this has cost the State.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that he had requested an RTI inquiry on 29th November 2022 from the Mining and Geology Department of the State Government regarding the auction of coal by Coal India.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 23: The intention of the Meghalaya and Assam governments to resume border talks for seven other border areas which have not been resolved in the first phase, may be This year, before the elections in Meghalaya and the MLA elections in Assam.
Modi was speaking at the International Lawyers' Conference 2023 held at Vigyan Bhawan on Tuesday.
The lack of a sense of responsibility produces many evil deeds, corruption and suffering in the society and the family.
Speaking as the National Vice President of the NPP party, Prestone Tynsong said that the MDA government has been working hard to improve the quality of life in the country. The NPP party has already allocated Rs.6500 crore for the construction of roads in the state after the MDA government came to power. The district has benefited from the fact that in Ri Bhoi alone, more than Rs.1000 crore has been spent for the construction of public roads.
The President of the Sonapyrdi Tourism and Economic Development Society, Bah KS Suchiang, said that the purpose of the festival is to promote tourism in the region, as well as to showcase to the world the beauty of the festival. The society aims to preserve the environment, the animals in the environment as well as to showcase to the world the beauty of the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary. different types of animals.
I am not trying to interfere, or interfere with your personality or your dignity or interfere with your relationships with anyone.
When they had left, the mother of the swan sat down to think about all these things and agreed in her heart that their words were right.
Remember that an empty vessel is rich, full of water, and silent.
Finally, when parents have taught their sons mechanical or mystical skills, they should continue.
We all know that our state is blessed with heavy rains but this knowledge has not yet made us wise to be prepared.
The program was conducted by the President of NSUI Ri-Bhoi, Landingstar Nongbri and was accompanied by the President of Meghalaya Pradesh Congress. Committee, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh and State President of NSUI Bah Bansharailang Pyngrope.
The Dorbar Shnong requests the residents of the village to stay for a while until the cleanliness drive is completed.
At the end of the celebration, the flag was laid by the Rangbah Kur Warjri including Bah George A. Warjri, Bah Sunshine Warjri, Bah P. Barkos O Warjri, Bah RV Warjri, Bah Kestar Warjri and others. the chief of the Kur of the Sengkmie.
However, he immediately turned away from the place and there was a rumor that the Acting Syiem could not come to the Syiem's ​​office.
The Seng also requests the district authorities to re-implement the checkpoint at Mawthong village so that there may be people who enter from that road into Southwest Khasi Hills District without registering themselves and doing so. also the tests that should be done.
“As an MLA, I am entitled to receive the scheme I have requested from the Prime Minister.
The Sports Policy has been recognized by the State Government since 2019, but has not been fully implemented for three years.
On Tuesday, 1,200 civilians were killed near Damascus, where Syria denies involvement.
JOWAI: The polling on the Meghalaya-Assam border has been smooth and without any incident till the time of writing.
Allan, who used to work as an Engineer in MeECL, today expressed his desire to serve the people of 2-Jowai Constituency.
The central government decided last month to issue an order whereby about two-thirds of the population will receive 5 kilos of foodgrains per month at a low price.
Members of HITO wore Khasi uniforms during their rally as a sign of pride in their dress code. he wore a headscarf at this meeting.
India had achieved the highest rank of 49th in 2013 and later dropped to 63rd in
Moh Slow 10.
Following the announcement, a team of doctors was formed to investigate the death toll.
Of course I can say that all the religions and beliefs and nations of this world have their own purposes and we must be vigilant to learn from what we see in the past and the present and the destruction of it, causes us to repeat the same mistake.
On Friday, 20 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, one person died, bringing the death toll to 1462 in the state.
These 18 villages are located in the border dispute areas between Assam and Meghalaya with not more than 8000 inhabitants. These villages include Jatalong, Sabuda, Umwang Square, Umwang Head, Umlaper, Umtpatung, Laru, Central, Umhi, Itpatung.
At the same time, Conrad recalled and praised the great contribution of the Presbyterian Church in Ri Khasi Jaintia from the field of education, health and many other areas of society. .
The Dorbar Shnong, Shnongpdeng, the villagers together with the police have been searching for the body of the man since yesterday until today, but he has not been found yet.
The football fans of the state have been waiting eagerly for the semi final match between these strong teams.
Try to easily improve the skin that is clean, dry and dry by using castor oil.
Garo last only
The Seng also urges the youth, men and women who are the rishot ki soh shan of the country and the nation to remember to maintain their dignity during these holidays. “To avoid any tragic incident,” said a statement from Bah Lazius Lamin, General Secretary.
However, David Ruiz scored the second goal after a minute.
Myntri Rangbah Duh reiterated on the experiences that have come regarding the supply of goods during the pandemic and said that this has been a worrying matter.
May God the Creator grant him a peaceful rest at the door of God, and may God grant peace to his wife and children and the whole family.
The KHNAM MLA, who usually doesn't use words to criticize the government, even though he is in power, visited the teachers last night, which is the second night they stay in the school. footpath opposite the Secretariat, he said he was saddened to see that teachers have to stay on the road.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government on Thursday approved the appointment of the Permanent Secretary of the Meghalaya State Council of Technical Education (MSCTE) and the Executive Chairman of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MSCTE). BOSE).
At the same time, Prestone urged all political parties to refrain from politics on the border demarcation issue and also the relocation of the Metor area from the Iew Mawlong area.
“I don't want to know from the Lat, what is the truth about the fact that the Lat needs to take this step to bring the EC without a paid 14 members,” he asked.
Regarding the promise of 3.5 lakh jobs, the NPP leader questioned how they will elect them when the state has nearly 35 lakh residents.
Debasree Chaudhuri – Minister of State in the Ministry of Women and Child Development.
The economy dependent on digital activities accounted for about 22% of the total economy in 2019, according to a recently released RBI report.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 10: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongklung Unit on Tuesday evening distributed Knup to 30 farmers in Nongklung and Nongklungrim.
He also expressed his hope that the team will play well in the final so that they can win the title.
He won three times from 1983, 1988 to
What you need to be careful of : You need to avoid eating ready-made foods or junk food as these can increase internal fat levels.
Tennydard complained that the dismissal of his complaint on 18 November 2015 was a violation of his rights as a citizen and a violation of the provisions of the Constitution. Article 32.
Earlier, Bah Syiem said the Executive Committee (EC) cannot take a decision on the report as it will sit in the dorbar to accept or reject it.
He said that this training has been going on for a long time but under another name and many youths have been appointed as security guards through this training.
When asked about the NPP MDCs' claim that they did not participate in the decision to appeal against the MoU, Bah Jambor said, “I don't want to say anything on this issue. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Jambor.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the party and Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Working President of the party, have nominated themselves to contest. one of these to serve as a candidate.
In Umiam, the rainfall was 20.2mm yesterday and 8.0mm today.
The women's football team of the state has been included in Group E for the 2023-24 season of the Santosh Trophy. The strongest groups are Odisha, Goa, Dadra and Nagar, Arunachal Pradesh and Gujarat.
The relatives of the deceased together with the Pynthor Langteiñ Presbyterian Church have buried four members of the family in the same grave at the Pynthor Langteiñ Presbyterian Church on Tuesday.
He said that they used to get 35 kilos per card of rice and also umphniang sharak when they distributed ration but until now they have not received any rice.
“On the other hand, N Munish Singh said that when you listen to the traditional music played by Rewben Masangva and the paintings by Bah Raphel Warjri, you will find the traditional character in their work.
It doesn't affect our traditional customs or traditions.
Tura Civil Hospital, which is the main hospital for the Garo people, even if they are from any district, does not have medicines and has to buy them from pharmacies outside.
Shillong: The Ri Bhoi District Congress Committee (RBDCC), accompanied by two MLAs and two MDCs, on Tuesday met with the Deputy Commissioner to discuss the border crossing with Assam at Khanapara. The DC of Ri Bhoi District has informed the State Government that the State Government should fully implement the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act, 2016 in Ri Bhoi District, so that the illegal entry of people can be curbed. outside.
In the Pool-A match on Friday, Dongmihsngi won the title by beating Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu 2-0 Robert A Tang scored the first goal for Dongmihsngi in the 2nd minute and Modify Sutnga in the 60th minute for Dongmihsngi.
Dr War said the search for the people who met these brothers is ongoing.
At the same time, he said that the ILP created by the KHADC is only for the KHADC and is needed by the entire state.
Mawkyrwat, November 13: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Ranikor Circle, Shillong Area Unit, will hold a 'Get Together-cum-Advance Christmas 2022' for all the residents of Ranikor Constituency. I don't work, I don't study here in Shillong.
He also informed that the state government has launched the DREAM Project (Drug Reduction Elimination & Action Mission) to fight and eradicate drugs in the state through the collaboration of all government departments. on this part.
Shillong, Lber 31: West Khasi Hills has reached the final of Zone 1 of the U-23 Women's Inter District Cricket Tournament organized by the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA).
Meghalaya has reached another milestone in the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) scheme through the provision of drinking water to about 4 lakh households in the rural areas of the state. .
Amritpal Singh, another prisoner, was elected as a member of the Lok Sabha from Khadoor Sahib seat by 2 lakh votes.
“Therefore, any traffic jam on this road will lead to heavy traffic jam and thousands of commuters, office workers and tourists will be severely affected.
Farmers, in order to improve their production, need a proper transportation system.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP), which is one of the opposition parties in the government, today vowed not to take part in the speech of the Governor in the Budget Session. to become a member of the Legislative Assembly of the State, if he speaks in Hindi without translation into English.
From Mookyndeng and Nongkynrih to Phramer the fare will be T.50 and from Raliang to Phramer the fare will be T.
Shillong: The Inspector General of the Border Security Force (BSF) Shillong Frontier, Kuldip Saini, today admitted that the BSF troops have done a lot of work despite their busy schedule to guard the border between India and Meghalaya. for the benefit of the people on the border with Bangladesh.
Answering a question whether it is necessary to bring in skilled players or coaches from the shlem, NIS Patiala said that the team should be joined temporarily by the team. Larry said that it is necessary to have better coaches, but looking back at the time, it has become too difficult, but he hopes that there will be more coaches. The state will have some skilled and experienced coaches to help improve the team and if he needs it, what he can do is to consult with his fellow coaches. he.
There are rivers that flow from the mountains to the hills through the rivers.
Due to these concerns, the MCTA has stopped taking classes for the first semester of the Four Year Under Graduate Program (FYUP) and has launched a Non-Cooperation Movement against NEHU from 1st July .
He urged the people to take serious decisions at the meeting held today otherwise the meeting will be just a joke.
The Minister of Electricity, Meghalaya, AT Mondal was the chief guest.
However, now the struggle of those who support this protest is in vain.
“If you can provide written evidence, it will only be from the mouth and the desire to speak against but the Government does not accept such statements that we need to create another nation. Prestone said in reply to a cut motion moved by two Opposition Members of Parliament, VPP and Dr Celestine Lyngdoh (Congress) in the Legislative Assembly.
However, the Khasi religion offers sacrifices to God who created heaven, earth and all things.
Now, with the death of Amou, the winner of the title of the darkest will be Kailash 'Kalau' Singh, who lives in Varanasi and is without money. For 30 years, he has never been burned, but he has been burned by fire and it is said that the fire kills the insects and cleanses the garbage in his body.
Today, Chiarmon Dkhar donated food items to Dong Tpepswer.
However, he said, “When you say to sit down and stop, you have to sit down, feel free, you have to talk to someone and the subject goes to talk like that”.
He added that he has seen all these and checked the documents to see whether these are exempt or notifications from the Ministry of Health, various departments and the district administration. .
God saw that the time would come when the children of Israel would meet false prophets.
He demanded a CBI investigation into the incident.
On 4th November, the Joint Action Committee (JAC) comprising the Village Authorities of War Jaintia and the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) have vowed to file a complaint in the Meghalaya High Court against the allegations. Dhar Company has been involved in the construction of the Dawki-Amlarem-Dawki road (NH-40E), now NH-206, which has been funded by the Central Government to T.43 crore.
According to sources, at a meeting held on July 12, the NGO Coordination Committee has decided to provide assistance to the indigenous people of Manipur.
Meanwhile, Bagchi also talked about cognitive power which is essential for a human being, so also cognitive ability in business is important for product specificity, “most MSMEs they lack knowledge of IPR which leads to large companies taking advantage of this weakness of theirs".
The Central Puja Committee (CDC) has requested the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills to allow the SPTS buses to operate in Shillong from 2nd to 11 pm. until 4th April 2022, at several places selected by the Central Puja Committee and in Shillong as a whole.
Therefore, in the beginning, the shi sur-shi dur of the shi wat kpieng in the young women, together with the Pansngiat was enough to appear Lympung, because the lum kynshew of them was synlar and clean as water and you can still see the bright face above it.
There is no peace in this world.
The UDP and HSPDP have not yet decided to nominate a candidate or whom to support in the upcoming elections in Umroi Constituency. George B Lyngdoh MLA of Congress who has joined the AITC party from Umroi Constituency. The RDA office bearers and leaders elected on the occasion include PB Sylliang, Vice Chairman Peter Madur, Secretary Ailong Pariat, Assistant Secretary Pynskhem Sun, Organizing Secretary Lumlang Lamarai and 30 members of the Executive Committee.
At the 70th Plenary Meeting in Guwahati in March 2022 under the chairmanship of the Minister of Home Affairs and Chairman of the NEC, it was decided to commemorate the NEC milestone in an appropriate manner.
Nongpoh, November 13: The Bhoirymbong C&RD Block together with various government departments today continued to explain to the public on the objectives of the Vikasit Bharat Sankalp Yatra which is one of the objectives of the CM. By 2047, India will celebrate its 100th anniversary of independence.
This was announced by Dr. Kara Chen, Vice President of the VPP and said that the party will contest alone and will not cooperate with other parties or political parties.
Ribhoi District also increased with 31 cases, followed by West Jaintia Hills with 18 cases, West Garo Hills with 8 cases and South West Khasi Hills with 8 cases. Hills, has eight civilians.
Before the distribution of the aid, a prayer meeting was held led by Fernando Sumer (Chairman of the Group), a short speech was delivered by Landerson Sutnga ( Finance Officer of the group) and U TBn.
Chutwakhu beat Lion Sports and Youth Affairs by five wickets in a match played at Jrisaleiñ Stadium, Chutwakhu on Monday.
Although India faced a challenge in the semi final against Lebanon, they managed to win the tie-breaker 4-2
Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh President HYC WKHD said that to serve the Jaitbynriew, we need to unite, abstain from alcohol and eat and have a spirit of compassion for others.
He also expressed the need to have more places to vaccinate those people aged 18 years and above and also to administer more injections, as at present in Ri Bhoi, there is only one place. , that is only in Nongpoh CH and only 100 people per day have been vaccinated.
In the end, the Modo Government led the way to a major transformation in the electricity sector.
Another issue that the Seng has mentioned is the age limit for applicants as no age has been specified, especially for the indigenous people and for those who have not worked.
Mawhati constituency shows its backwardness not only from the lifestyle of the people living there but also from the roads that show the physical fitness to look after and drive.
The four will take part in various camps, including Shavian in Mohali (Punjab), Kish Lay in Rajkot (Gujarat), Pushkar's in Salem (Tamil Nadu) while Angkit is yet to be arranged. to which camp he should belong.
Tiewsoh said that more than 2000 seedlings have been planted in the forest to preserve the environment through the financial support of the North East Cane and Bamboo Development Council (NECBDC). for the year 2021-2022 and these seedlings have started to grow to about 2 or 3 feet tall.
Other sources said Hankou received 5,000 fires in just two days, marking the lifting of a two-month curfew for 50 million people in the country. this is the State.
East Khasi Hills has recorded the highest number of cases with 213 cases, followed by West Jaintia Hills with 115 cases.
If the markets have been opened now, what is the difference between opening churches and following the protocols?
Khliehriat Naiwieng 2: The Dorbar Shnong Khliehriat West has banned the passage of trucks from the village border roads. The Dorbar Shnong will impose strict penalties in accordance with the rules and regulations of the village authorities.
He said the change is also to allow those who have small spaces to make better use of the previously closed and restricted area in front and behind the house.
The Joint Action Committee of Jaintia Hills comprising the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF), the All Jaintia Commercial Vehicle Association (AJCVA), the Rilum Jaintia Traders' Association (RJTA), the Hynniewtrep National People's Front (HNPF) and the Meghalaya People's United Front ( MPUF) has decided to fully support the decision of the family of Bah (L) Cheristerfield Thangkhiew to maintain peace and order in the State.
Thangbuli H/S School beat Nartiang Presbyterian H/S School 4-3 in the tie breaker.
He added that as an MLA, he has called upon all the village leaders and the people of the area to have that spirit of cooperation for the development of the area. all parties and especially to work together to eradicate the spread of drugs which is a threat to the future generation of the youth of the area, he added.
In this regard, the JNC urges the Minister to take action for the allocation of funds from the state government to expedite the construction of Iawmusiang.
According to Bah Jiben Kharkongor, if they go to transport goods from morning but when they reach 7mer they are detained until 8 pm which means they have to wait for many hours there.
Body Zoo congratulates one of the participants of the 1st Body Building & Fitness Championship “Mr.7-WASA” organized by the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Sengkmie on Saturday 8/06/2 U Pynshmgain Langpen is a participant in the 70th category where he won the title of “Mr 7-Wasa” from among 40 contestants. participants in this competition which is also the first time in Jaintia Hills.
A farmer found that a plane carrying politicians had crashed into his farm.
The team will leave for Odisha from today.
In the past few days, it has been seen that the students have given their strong support to the strike called by Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit to fight for the revision of the Reservation Policy. .
I... from the beginning I have suggested to the village leaders to hold an election to elect a candidate and if I lose the vote I am ready to sit,” said Garod.
“Mohammad Aslam Sheikh also known as Adil and Mohammad Amin Bhat also known as Abu Khubaib and Pinna have been charged with attempted murder. terrorist activities in Jammu by recruiting people to become assistants of the terrorist group and surrendering terrorists and encouraging and encouraging them to commit terrorist acts ," he added.
Earlier, the Superintendent of Police (Traffic), Sacheng Marak urged the drivers' unions to send training to the police stations for the drivers so that they can understand the rules and regulations of driving to avoid accidents. accidents.
On the other hand, KMC FC had many chances to score again in the second half but these chances were lost due to the inability to score. of the goal and had to face the defeat.
The 18th Seng Khasi Seinraij Children's Festival will be held on the 20th and 21st of July at Nongkynrih, West Jaintia Hills District.
“The Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur stands on the ground that it has spoken to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District and also to the NHAI Officers from the past and from time to time. NHAI should first pay the compensation to all the residents whom NHAI has taken land and demolished houses for the construction of this road otherwise the Shnong will not allow NHAI to do so. “We have completed this road which should pass through the boundary of the village,” said Bah Satly Ryngkhlem, Rangbah Shnong of Wapungskur.
Similarly, Bah Fullmoon Syngkli, Asst Rangbah Shnong of Pahammardoloi, said that the land has fallen under the jurisdiction of Pahammardoloi. The villagers have given permission to Bah Cornelius Kharhunai to set up a Kyiad shop in this area.
On 18th June 2022, the Meghalaya Lokayukta has directed the Director General of Police (DGP) to investigate the case under Section 20 (5) of the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act, 2014 and submit a report. along with the charge sheet.
These words will make these children of ours feel that they are indeed wise and intelligent children.
The song was composed by Mark Syiemlieh and Noveljune Syiemlieh.
They roar like 'Laren (lightning) without any rain at all.
Lapang said that although he is no longer a member of the Congress Party, he cannot refuse to praise Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, because he has seen that he is indeed the right person to be a leader. He was one of the leaders who spoke well in the Legislative Assembly and he was also able to help those in need.
The Superintendent of Police (Traffic) East Khasi Hills, K. Prasad on Friday issued an order directing the ICs of Traffic Branches, Shillong to conduct surveillance and searches for illegal driving. , excessive speeding by two-wheeler riders and leading to injuries to people.
Jowai, March 21: The Police Commemoration Day (PDF) today was held to commemorate the policemen who lost their lives. when they were in the middle of work.
The Baby League was organized in collaboration between the Tata Trusts, MFA and AIFF with the aim of developing children between the ages of 4 to 13 years.
Sebastian Dhar scored the first goal for Moosalyngkat SC in the 52nd minute. Moosalyngkat SC beat Mukhla Raij SC 4-1 Lalthakhuma Ngaite scored in the 66th minute, Living Stone Mannar in the 80th minute and Gladio Susngi in the 87th minute.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Joint Director, Mechanical Directorate of the Ministry of Agriculture, Ropsil Lamare, who has been arrested for stealing Rs 1 lakh from the owner of M/S Horizon Marketing Tura, has been arrested. He was released on bail, but was still in judicial custody.
Since then, Kong Drabhamon Phawa has given birth to a child and her son is now in jail with her.
Shillong, July 12 : Former Mylliem MLA and NPP candidate for the upcoming elections, Bah Hamletson Dohling recently inaugurated the Counseling Center of the Women's Union Mylliem Mandal, located in Mylliem Square.
According to Lalengmawia, as of Tuesday, 8,532 Manipuris have come to Mizoram for shelter.
Regarding the Covid-19 injection, the Jirang MLA urged the people in the Constituency, District and State not to refuse the injection, as it will be one of the ways to prevent the spread of Covid-1 19, not only for the person who has received the injection, but it will also be one of the ways to prevent the spread to others.
Here in Meghalaya too we have experienced such a situation in recent years and the last time the government banned the Internet was last year when there was a shooting death of residents. Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills in the hands of the Assam Government.
Shillong, Nailar 13: A man identified as Bahrit Snaitang has stabbed his brother identified as Robi Thangkhiew at around 4 pm today.
Shillong: The Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of Meghalaya has issued a government notice to set up a committee to review the Reservation Roster with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh as its Chairman.
We all ended up like that.
The two brothers, Iaishahjingshai Thubru and Laihun Thubru, had attempted to kill Happy George Sungoh by stabbing him with a knife.
A Coke Factory was seized by the district authorities on 8th November.
The MDC was attended by the village leaders of Mukhla Nongrim and the beneficiaries.
In an open letter to the Chief Minister of Nagaland in 2003, Patricia Mukhim said, “It may not be too long before someone with the power of numbers (population) demands a Union Territorial status in Dimapur.
Shillong CA B team has reached the final after a rainstorm in the match between Ribhoi and East Khasi Hills.
Chutia, who took part in the announcement, informed the villagers, the market that the Behdeiñkhlam religion has started and from today onwards, it is no longer allowed to carry the remains of the dead. outside ryngkaw (outside Jowai) and also to take outside the ryngkaw.
The State Government has taken a comprehensive step to take into consideration the views of various teachers' groups in the State,” said the Minister in reply to a Call Attention by the MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayralborn Syiem on the SSA teachers which appeared in one of the media.
Shillong, November 22: Police on Tuesday rescued two workers who were kidnapped by suspected armed militants.
On the other hand, the leaders of the RBYF Umtangar Unit also expressed their deep sorrow over the government's lack of attention to the problems of the people who are facing difficulties even on the road due to the snowstorm. On the other hand, the RBYF under the leadership of Samla Evening Shadap President and Arun Hujon has taken the initiative to improve the road with the cooperation of the RBYF members. The residents of this village have faced many problems in the past years and this has caused the residents to face difficulties in coming and going, especially the school children and the illness that makes them slow to reach school and also to health facilities which may not cause any tragic incident.
Shortly after, six fire engines arrived and it was suspected that the fire may have been caused by an electrical fault.
“Look, Kmie, you're still budging.
Centers should include more sports activities, Yoga, meditation and spiritual sessions for children so that they can escape during the mental turmoil they face due to circumstances of the way of life they used to live in the past," he said.
The biggest fear is the end of the Give and Take policy between our government and the Assam government in which we have understood clearly that we will lose without gaining anything because we don't. I don't want to cross the border to the nearby places.
Almost two months since the new government called MDA2.0 came to power, many of the people of Hynniewtrep have started to worry about the next 58 months.
He said there was no suspicion of incident and the requirements of the law have been met.
We don't want governments to forget people, God knows what doesn't go anywhere? Therefore, when you go to vote in Pngewbha, ask and think carefully.
While the talks were ongoing, the members of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission, threatened to burn down the three statues in front of the Minister's residence. Police SP Vivek Syiem has knieh noh ia another tynshop and immediately there has been a clash between the members and the police. There was a clash of forces by those who tried to raise their hands or point fingers at the crowd.
The Central Body also expressed its special thanks and congratulations to the Seng Kur Dkhar East Jaintia Hills for their hard work under the leadership of Teras Dkhar as President and Pdianghun Dkhar as General. Secretary together with the Circles and Units who have taken the initiative to investigate the case of Ramesh from Tongseng Village, Narpuh East Jaintia Hills who escaped from the hands of the mob and escaped from Jowai District Jail. In the past few months, he has taken a Kur shim jait from our Kur Dkhar, by giving himself a Kur and a jait from the Kur Dkhar, but when he investigated thoroughly, he found that he was not from the Dkhar Kur. you are from the Dkhar tribe.
Shillong, Naitung 24 : U BJP MDC from Tura, Bernard N Marak on Tuesday said that they will release a special song 'Once' for the victims of the conflict in Manipur. .
Out of the 7 NYK Districts in Meghalaya, only 4 NYK Districts have won the District Level Competition which was held at their respective centres. within the Districts.
The poets of the country, Babu Soso Tham and SJ Duncan, have taught and encouraged us through their poems, Dieng Bilat High School and Ka Mynsiem Ba Shynrang.
The meeting is scheduled to start at 10 pm and all the office bearers from various units are requested to attend the CEC meeting to discuss the end of the year of the kur which will be held in November ( November), said RC Phawa, Publicity Secretary of Kur Phawa.
The school scored 40'+1
Besides, many of them said that the decision will be taken by the parties with the participation of the newly elected MLAs on the 2nd.
A total of 18,668 people are still undergoing treatment and 5,062 have recovered.
They were identified as Andrew Lamare and Teimi Dkhar.
In conclusion, Mahua Moitra said that the Shillong-Mawkyrwat highway is the top priority of the AITC if the people elect Sounder Strong Cajee.
We have several organizations including Kiddies Corner School, Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU), Team Jiva and individuals who are concerned about the damage to the environment who have taken part in this cleanliness campaign.
In some places, these khiews are placed about three or seven times in a long pajwa.
“Such allegations can happen to any politician but until they can be proved or convicted before the court, the allegations will end up in allegations,” he said.
They were rushed to a hospital, but one died and the other is in critical condition.
The match went on and both sides struggled to score, but by the end of the first half, East Bengal FC took a 1-0 lead.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the Reservation Policy is the most important issue to discuss and this will continue not only now but in the future.
In the Opposition, there are only 12 MLAs of the All India Trinamool Congress.
At the same time, JSU War Jaintia has also met with the Officer Incharge of Dawki Police Station to request him to take action to maintain peace and order and curb crime in the area.
Village leaders from Khanduli, Saitsama, Umplu, Pdeintalu, Umshangiar and others in the presence of Khanduli Border Area JAC Chairman Pyrkhatbha Pyrphet and elders including Balajied Kshiar and Iarap Dkhar visited the area. these stones and condemn this act of hostility.
Earlier, Bah Tyllilang Myrthong, who had fled the scene due to the crowd and was taken by the police to the police station, said that the land where the Krem Mawjymbuin is located has been handed over by the Syiem. It has been registered with the DC of East Khasi Hills in
Nongstoin, March 14: Tynghor Village, West Khasi Hills District, has been recognized as a Model Village (SAGY) in Rambrai District. Jyrngam Constituency which has also been approved by the State Government.
Marwei stood up to serve and bring about change.
Furthermore, they requested the cooperation of the government and KHADC so that they can repair the damage we have done to the environment.
Regarding the Indian government's ban on the HNLC within the UAPA within the MHA's jurisdiction, this has raised an important question, whether the Modi government can extend the ban on Zakir Naik. Why hasn't this been done to the leaders and members of the HNLC, who are still taking part in the peace talks with the government?
The KHADC should take measures to educate and train the Chief Executive Members not to misuse their powers,” said the chairperson of the MCPCR. to take the law into their own hands as it appears in these days, there are many villages where the Rangbah Shnong or Sordar acts against by taking the law into their own hands.
“Kyaid is a serious disease in the community.
The Minister also praised the hard work of the Mylliem Block for the smooth implementation of schemes whether from the central government or even the schemes of the state government.
Therefore, we request the Government to take action on this issue, in relation to the Village Authorities and Volunteers by providing them with the protective equipment as it has already allocated for the protective equipment. Therefore, this money that has been spent has a place to hide somewhere, not only that, it encourages those who work honestly, work willingly. Please go and do any work. to turn to death ? not a single person wants to die.
Nongpoh: Several TMC leaders from Mawhati Constituency, today announced that they have left the TMC and joined the UDP, in order to support UDP candidate for Mawhati Constituency.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Shylla said that he has heard that there is such an attempt to shake his seat. Shylla said he has received information that former CEM and Chairman of the PDF Pynshngain N Syiem will be one of the MDCs to move his seat in the Dorbar.
The Director General of Police (DGP) Dr LR Bishnoi said that the incident is under investigation and is still in court.
“We have also warned the contractors not to import Dkhars without proper documents,” said Victor and warned that the party will not forgive if they are able to import Dkhars.
We cannot at all destroy and translate the fundamental principles of life, righteousness, truth and respect for fellow human beings which we teach our children.
“We feel that we don't feel that we don't have the right to spend money in the I.League, because the I.League doesn't have the goal, although it is difficult for us to do it. “I have decided not to play in this tournament,” said the club.
Noting that the Ministry of DONER has recently launched the North East Venture Capital Fund through the North Eastern Development Finance Corporation Limited (NEDFi) with an investment of T.100 crore, he urged the entrepreneurs to invest in the project. to use this fund to boost income in the fields of tourism, health, handicrafts, agriculture and others.
Shillong: The KSU Khliehriat Town Unit on Tuesday evening seized an Alto 800 (AS 11 5670) suspected to be Khar Bangla. the village of Kuliang.
Long like a juti Bata, the slap turns completely on you.
They said that on November 16, 2011, Pa'iem Latho had withdrawn T.5 lakh from the bank and the T.5 lakh did not appear in the Cashbook of the Hima. In November, 2011, he withdrew T.3 lakh from the bank and in addition, it was shown in the cashbook that the Hima had paid T.13 tyngka to the Syiem.
Shillong: The land owners and maintainers of the jri bridges have strongly condemned and opposed the state government's negligence against them as owners but has brought in foreign experts to explain the planting of jri bridges. without knowing the loss.
Shortly after, the Branch Manager of the bank, suggested to lodge a complaint, in order to see the CCTV footage, but the employees of the bank, did not show the CCTV footage. Dutta suspects that the employee may have misused the money or hidden it.
They also think about the choice of water, most of them prefer to drink fresh water instead of refrigerated water or bottled water.
The news of the disappearance of Bah Jop spread up and down, and those who loved him came out bran bran that day.
In a raid conducted on November 1, 2023, BSF Meghalaya seized a truck bearing Registration Number ML 04 C 5133 carrying a well hidden plate of sugarcane. The truck was stopped by the Mobile Check Post (MCP) of Sonapur on the Lumshnong-Sonapur road opposite the Lailong-Harai road at Harai. in East Jaintia Hills, Meghalaya.
“It is important to encourage and motivate the youth and to showcase their talents, so the programs that will be launched in the coming days, will give them the opportunity to showcase their talents,” said u. Prime Minister.
It is also a fact that the people of the villages of this area and those who fall under the state of Meghalaya, have never experienced good roads in the last 50 years that Meghalaya has received the However, at this time, they will get a good road and will avoid using the Assam roads when they intend to travel to and from Nongpoh.
The Jal Jeevan Mission also invites individuals and community groups to be the future of this struggle or movement for a sustainable future.
Kong Silbi Passah, one of the experts in the field of traditional stories and puriskam and who is also a composer and teacher of traditional Khasi songs, gave a speech on this occasion.
He said that besides the government has empowered JAKEDA to take responsibility for this task, the government is also ready to support those agencies who want to implement this program in J&K.Shillong. July 06: The All Meghalaya Dancer Association (AMDA) in collaboration with the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Tyrsad Circle has announced that it will hold the Mawphlang Constituency Superstar Competition.
He said that there are political issues that have been going on for more than 30 years that the HNLC wants to reveal but Bah Blah said it would not be appropriate to reveal them as the talks are just beginning.
The District authorities said that the number of cases of smuggling in the State has increased significantly in the past 10 years, from 5302 cases in 2022 to 9611 cases in
BJP leader Rajendra Singh Rathore has expressed hope that the Bharatiya Janata Party will win 135 constituencies in the Rajasthan elections and achieve a glorious victory in the state.
He said that he has already released a book explaining in detail how to implement the MLA and to his knowledge, he is the only MLA who will do this to give an account to the people on how to use it. and spending money on the MLA scheme which is government money and comes from the people.
Therefore the application is not complete.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District today declared a containment zone for the entire Star Cement factory in Lumshnong. the public to this factory.
He urged them to take the opportunity to rebuild their lives by implementing the schemes that the government has given them, not to just want to get them.
The incident occurred after a truck of the BSF (ML-05-W-4721) collided with a motorcycle belonging to a man named M.K.Marak. you have the number ML-05-Z-5
The spread of misinformation can be prevented through effective education and communication.
The same shall be true of feasts, such as weddings or funerals.
“This has affected the people who have invested in this mission and if it is a true news we cannot do anything, but this news itself, the long is not shisha “.
Shillong, March 24 : The Public Health Engineering (PHE) Department of the State Government has decided to submit a proposal to the State Government to hand over to the Department to supply water to the households.
Shillong: There have been 330 new cases of covid-19 in East Khasi Hills District today and 77.57 percent of them have not been vaccinated even once. Of these, 3.64 percent have been injected twice.
“However, we have urged the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to take this issue to the Cabinet meeting so that it can take any decision,” said Bah Kharraswai.
The meeting was called to inform the public about the decision of the National Green Tribunal to ban coal mining and also to inform the action taken by the Association and government departments on this issue.
Regarding the order of the High Court to deploy 10 pyrtons of Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) to curb the illegal smuggling of coal, the High Court has received information from Dr. Mozika. The Deputy Solicitor General of India, said that the CISF has expressed its inability to provide 10 pyrtons to the state as requested by the court. curb the illegal trade in coal as this is not under their control.
Maheh explained, “Oh, that's right.
The Assistant General Secretary of the HNYF East Khasi Hills, Samla Tyllibor Swer, said that the HNYF has also questioned the working methods of the government and the department as a whole. How can it not check the documents of companies before awarding any projects it approves? He also questioned how the government is still involved in fraudulent activities of foreign companies. .
The Sabbath is also under the law.
Without disclosing the whereabouts of the girl, the incident against the 17-year-old girl was said to have taken place on Sunday, when the The robber has tried to rape the child twice yesterday and another incident happened in the past years.
“With regret, we express our opposition and concern on behalf of the Catholic Church to the letter issued and sent by the Special Branch: Assam Police to all Deputy Commissioners of Police (int.
Nongpoh: In order to bring peace to the people who sell jhur ki jhep inside the Step Market at Mawspeng Square, Nongpoh, the leaders of the Farmers Market Mawspeng Square, this morning conducted a water supply campaign. pesticides inside the step market.
Through the shortage of staff, it can cause many problems that the people face from time to time.
Shillong, June 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that IAS and MCS officers cannot separate from politicians in the Khadar administration.
He said that the bill for the MNREGA scheme will be increased and this will benefit 5 crore households and the maximum salary will be T.2,000 per employee.
Shillong; The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, today said that there are 856 youths in the state from students to workers who have arrived in Meghalaya from states like Tamil Nadu. From Kolkata, Assam and other states of India.
coal mines have been auctioned so far with a Peak Rated Capacity of 101.5 MTPA. These coal mines will generate about T.11,172 crore in revenue and employ more than 1.17 lakh people. person.
“For 50 years the HSPDP has been on the road without any change but other parties have come and gone, the HSPDP has come only once and it continues until now,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 14: Not only in the villages, but also in the city, superstition has happened to the number 666.
