The Jowai Police Station on Tuesday took the three men back to court after the end of the police investigation and the court decided to remand them for 12 days in judicial custody.
Kerala came to the field knowing that only a victory can take them to another position but although they started well and scored goals, they couldn't score. this method.
At the meeting, which was conducted by Bah Control Marbaniang, one of the elders of the village, Ma OR Shallam, President of the Sein Raij Jowai, said that the Kpep, it is the last path to the Creator.
The 13 children brought to the orphanage were thus cut off without any consent.
Six months after an earthquake on the Shillong-Dawki National Highway (National Highway-40), a vehicle was hit by heavy stones and thrown into the night. Only a few workers were working on Saturday to clean up the remaining synrums after the earthquake in Rngaiñ.
Also, there are many serious demands that have not been met to date.
Nilakantha Dev 7
In a statement, he said that if the government is allowed to be a spectator to such illegal activities of the Indian troops, perhaps after 5 or 10 years they will set up a gate. The gate before entering Mawlong Market, as happened at Mawshbuit.
Draison, who was also an MDC and MLA from this constituency, had announced that he would contest from the PDF, but in the past few days he had taken the ticket from the BJP. and his supporters went to support Jophthiaw the high priest.
The price hike by the Cabinet today, did not include other agricultural products of Ri Khasi Jaintia, including Phan, Sying, Shynrai and many other varieties of soh, such as rice. sohniamtra, synsar, tyrpad and many other vegetables have not been included in the price support of the Government of India to the farmers.
The Search Committee has been given six months from the date of publication of this notice to select and send the names to the Government for the re-election of the four members of the Expert. Committee to review the Reservation Policy
The annual ceremony of thanksgiving to the country and nation of the brothers and sisters who have the desire to fulfill the first decision of the family, the clan, the villages, the towns and the hima. .
These garbage flows back into our rivers – Umshyrpi, Umkhrah, and so on to Umïam, and if the water level in Umïam has increased, we are happy but we should also praise the garbage. jabaiñ which has contributed to inform mankind that the water in Umïam has risen.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, nine new cases have been confirmed, eight from East Khasi Hills and one from West Garo Hills.
At the same time, the union has warned the shops not to sell beer, cigarettes and other food items that affect the health of children and school children. and the house was strong, they bynrap.
Shillong, March 24: An ATM robber, Md Mukhtar Ansari, has been arrested by the Meghalaya Police.
The 28th Chief Minister's District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2023 has been closed on Tuesday, 28th June.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) on Tuesday, 28th November 2022, launched a campaign to collect licenses in Lumdiengjri area and other parts of the market. Bah Tyllibor Swer, together with members of the party, to raid the shops of foreigners who set up teer shops.
Speaking on the occasion, Babu David Muktieh, Assistant Teacher of the school, said that the school authorities have organized this march to raise awareness against the dangers of tobacco and The school authorities have explained to the students and the public as part of the celebration of World No Tobacco Day.
Jowai: U Downihiwot Sungoh (37) of Nangbah village, West Jaintia Hills has committed suicide after drowning in the Myntang River. Sahbsein today is the day of God.
Eugeneson Lyngdoh, who led the Bengaluru B Team in the local league in Karnataka, where the team finished second in the recent tournament.
Prachanda and Ms Sita have three daughters and a son.
Shillong: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has set a target to form a government in the 2028 elections in Meghalaya. VPP President Ardent Miller said.
She said that about 200 students of the school did not know that the school was a fake and they knew when they received the order from the court that it was a fake.
Heavy rainfall this morning has caused heavy flooding in parts of the National Highway 6 in parts of Jorabat area.
Leader of Opposition – Leader of Opposition: refers to a member of the Legislative Assembly who has been elected to lead the opposition in the Legislative Assembly.
The sharing road is clean and covered with stones, not like now.
They immediately went to Daplin's house.
These soldiers hid themselves in a cremation ground, which worked as a copper factory.
It is part of the Quality Council of India (QCI), which promotes many sectors in the country.
He said that the newly amended Act will allow the use of forest land for projects such as roads, railways, and other important and security projects for the country. forest areas within 100 km from the Indian border without the need for permission from the Central Forest Department.
He said that the children of thousands every year are growing from time to time and the availability of land remains the same and if allowed to sell the land to other foreigners, what else will happen? The children of thousands will live and work within the Raid and this has been done so that the Raid does not prohibit the sale of land outside but before they intend to sell land they have to propose only to the people within the Raid. he added.
Mizoram reached the final after beating Meghalaya while Punjab beat West Bengal.
On the 19th, rain and thundershowers are expected in parts of the state.
This award is in recognition of their contribution to sports in the state and the country.
On the other hand, the district authorities of Ri-Bhoi District and West Karbi Anglong District have recently imposed a curfew on the movement of the people as it is a border area where there has been a riot recently. The clashes between the Khasi and Nepalis at Jatalong village in Ri-Bhoi.
He said that the Seng understands that these heavy vehicles which used to pass through these bridges are no longer allowed to pass and if the Seng finds those who fight against the Seng will take others. other ways are more difficult for them.
Five of the six dead were women and many of the injured were women.
Jowai, Jymmang 15: On the second day, the mining of coal, the transportation of coal, will be completely suspended across the state.
After being directed by the Prime Minister, the Chief Executive Members also urged the Sengbhalang to come forward and work together to review the new Act prepared by the Government.
Shillong: Opposition Leader Dr. Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that his party is ready to contest for the vacant Speaker's seat.
Speaking on the issue of farmers, the VPP leader said that they are pleased that the Prime Minister has promised to take action regarding the problems of the farmers especially in relation to their exploitation in the that iew that hat.
In this way, these robbers pretend to be bank officers by calling the depositors that the ATM card is invalid and asking for the pin number of the ATM. “It's not like I'm going to be able to withdraw the money,” said Bah Kharkhrang.
From time to time, it has been witnessed that the people are shocked and confused when natural disasters especially the earthquake come by running and lynñiar and this has caused danger to many people, but that They should be prepared and should know how to prepare for such incidents through such training.
The Union, led by Bah Daniel Khongsit, President and Bah Siangmin Lakuna, General Secretary, today submitted a letter to the Chief Minister to take action to change or promote the Dispensary Padu to PHC, as this dispensary is very old and there are 11 villages under this dispensary and it is also on the other side of the Amkshar River and the PHCs and CHCs are far away from this dispensary. Dispensary and therefore it is very difficult for patients to go for treatment to other treatment centers especially women who are pregnant and giving birth.
The SP said that these tourist vehicles used to call people by parking in unauthorized places and this has caused traffic jam in the city.
Kindness Mukhim scored two goals in the 17th and 77th minutes.
Ankit Kumar Singh scored 88 runs, followed by Swastic Chettri (67 runs).
The Station House Officer of Janakpuri said that Bahun had a party last night and went with her son. of the owner of a school.
He said that Ïalam Makri Gas Agency has charged T.4500 for one cylinder and T.6500 for two cylinders and all those who have registered with the company will get back the money. every siew haka for application.
The admission will run from 21st to 24th May 2013.
It is to be recalled that in the past years, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has donated 30 lakh tyngka for the construction of the police station building at Langpih. The house was inaugurated by the MDC of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, Bah Bajop Pyngrope.
She said that this member of the Seng is also involved in the peace talks with the government.
We must not lose hope and the time is right for us to start again.
Khasi country is the country of knowledge of people and knowledge of God.
Thus, when Jesus hands over these things to the Father (God), Jesus will lead the Saints to that Eternal Future.
The postponement of polling in Sohiong follows the sudden death of Bah HDR Lyngdoh on 20th June 2023, 10 months before the polling on 27th June
“The purpose of Dr Mukul Sangma's government to resign is to send the resignation of all the MLAs who are MDCs especially Bah Pynshngain to resign as CEM if he resigns,” he said.
At a public meeting in Siliguri, Modi said the BJP was working hard to free Bengal from the hands of speed-breaker Didi.
It is also pleasing that the FKJGP has visited the farmers recently at Mawlyngngad.
When he received the newspaper at about 8:30 pm, he looked around and was happy to find that he had reached the First Div.
He said the government needs to restructure the coal mining system in the state to ensure that the environment is not affected.
Prestone said the Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi District has been authorized to look into and implement the decision of the Government and to impose curfew in other areas near Assam if you are not needed.
Without the cooperation of all the states in the Eastern Region, it will be difficult to eradicate the emergence of insurgents as weapons come through foreign borders,” he said. if they do not stop their works.
Hindi and English are the official languages ​​of the country, although there are 22 other languages ​​recognized by the Constitution as the official languages ​​of the country.
He called and she came out immediately.
Speaking in front of thousands of people, Bah Lyngdoh said that if the people really support him as the NPP candidate, he will do many development works for the villages in the country. Mawhati constituency and especially for the farmers.
“We cannot comment on the roster system at present,” he said.
After receiving a complaint, the Women Police of Nongstoiñ Police Station have found the child from the residence of Brightstar Shangdiar, 19 years old. See you.
Speaking to reporters after the swearing-in ceremony at Raj Bahvan, Bah Paul said he will use all the skills he has acquired in the past 40 years as a social worker and leader. in politics to work for the development of the state in many areas from the problems faced by the youth, the problems in terms of income as well as others.
The tree planting program was organized by the Range Forest Officer, Unsning Social Forestry in collaboration with St. Joseph's Academy of Nursing, Umtrew to mark the World Environment Day. The theme is “Solution to beat Plastic Pollution” by planting trees and cleaning up the environment.
However, he tried to explain to them that Ardent's resignation was due to the government's lack of attention to look into and improve the employment quota.
During the month of November, the market for rice is closed almost every day and the rice carried by trucks or buses comes from Laitlyngkot, Nongkynrih, Swer, Mawjrong, Dympep, Mylliem, Mawngap, Mawphlang and Nongspung. , Lyngkhoi, Nongthliew, Mairang, Bynther, Kynshi and many other villages in the Khasi Hills which cannot be named here.
Furthermore, the traders said that it is from the month of June to the second month of June that the market is busy and during these months at least one trader can buy. 500 quintals of synsar per day.
“Bahbah, how are you and my Niakha is the owner of this shop.
The body of the former Mawlai Chief Minister will be buried tomorrow, 13th November, but before that at 12 noon there will be a funeral service at his residence and after that it will be taken to Madan Heh. to complete the ceremonies prepared by the people of Mawlai and after the ceremony from the square will be taken to Lum Jingtep.
Besides the vehicles from the city, vehicles from different districts and the neighboring state of Meghalaya, Assam, also come.
For the Selsella constituency, the BJP has elected Adorsho Sangma as its candidate.
The group includes Rajya Sabha MP Dr Wanweiroy Kharlukhi from Meghalaya, M Rameshwar MLA from Kakching AC Manipur and Nurool Hassan MLA from Khetrigao AC Manipur.
Also present at the distribution were Bah Ukit Uriah, Chief Secretary of the party, Bah Peter Dohkrut, Member of the Legal Cell of the party. Wanshwa Nongtdu State President of the Party and others.
Football fans from different districts of the state are looking forward to witnessing their clubs play in the final to be held at the Polo Ground Shillong, on 17th July .
They don't have the right to speak against the party that didn't give them MLA tickets in the past years.
Speaking to reporters, Rakkam said, “They (VPP) are educated people, so we (Government) expect them not only to criticize but also to give advice.
In a statement, the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie said that the ceremony will start at 7:00 pm while the ceremony will start at 9:00 pm. :00 am in the morning.
“Government, listen to the demands of the people of West Khasi Hills District or we will not refuse to hold strong protests which we will announce in the coming days,” said the statement.
However, all these gifts have a limit and are only for the physical life in this world, and if those who receive them understand the blessing it will help them to have a life that leads to morality. good and also a close relationship with God.
The money was handed over by the Waheh Shnong, RW Sdor to the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District on Thursday at his office.
The President also requested the government to take action on this issue so that if the students cannot pay the fees after the end of the lockdown, the government should help the students to pay. he shall be blessed.
He added that the political parties are protesting to demand the implementation of the ILP because they have seen the danger to the nation if nothing is done.
Sangma said he had already discussed the issue without the permission of the higher authorities with the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma in the morning.
"It's been a good job," said the menkmie.
Your paw tyngkrein is not judged well.
“We also expressed at the meeting that we cannot accept the implementation of the Roster System since
They included 6 priests of the Salesian Society, Rev. Ritonbor Kharkongor of Laitkor Church, Anthony Malai of Lum Sinai Church, Umden Ribhoi District, Kennedy K. Kharkongor, Albester Kharkongor of Nongthymmai, Kristwel Donbor Kharkongor. only Curve of the Forehead.
Tura, July 18: The athletics tournament of the 3rd Meghalaya Games held in Tura, West Garo Hills District, has come to an end today.
Nongrum said he would convene a meeting of all the ARPA MDCs to discuss the issues of the Executive Committee.
He also remembered the heroes of Meghalaya – Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan Sangma and said the whole country should know about their sacrifice.
With a little effort without promises, we will make them the pillars and pillars to support the society in this village and our beloved Mawkynrew area,” said Bah Känsing.
The four teams that will play today are Mawreng SC, Umphyrnai, PFR Football Academy and Mawlai.
Charles said the bridge will connect Shillong and New Shillong through Umpling and will also be a bridge to reduce traffic jam, especially for vehicles going to NEIGRIMHS and The strength of the bridge is 70 MT. Charles said that although the construction of the bridge has taken longer, but in the construction of the bridge there has been no any misuse of this scheme amounting to Rs.4.35 crore.
(see also page 8).
Agartala: There have been 25 new cases of Covid-19 in Tripura, bringing the total number of cases to
The book also tells us that Haman, the ruler of the Persian Empire, was powerful and drunk.
The speech, the story, the language, the actions we do, the walk, the lifestyle and these are part of our lives how to impress others.
There was a time, especially shortly after the independence of the State, when government offices had to be filled by non-tribals because there were no candidates to fill the vacancies.
The Cleanliness of the Myntdu River (KYM) together with the Myntdu Farmers Welfare and Producer Organization and some residents of the village held a tree planting ceremony on Saturday.
The Khasi people numbered only about 100,000 people 100 years ago but ruled from the Brahmaputra (Guwahati) to the Surma (Sylhet).
There are those who say that we have to obey and listen to God's direction, but that is not the case.
China's capital Beijing on Friday experienced a scorching heatwave, with temperatures exceeding 40 degrees Celsius for the first time in nine years.
Before concluding, we would like to thank Bah Hep Edar Lyngdoh Nongbri and his family for donating the land for the benefit of the youth of our state.
Bah Rishad Singh has been missing since the 11th of this month after he left his home in Mawdiangdiang to sell sying to Ïewduh.
Bina said that on receiving information about the allegation, he immediately phoned the Karbi in Lengkreng village to look for the Khanduli resident who was involved in the burning of the house. The Dorbar Shnong Khanduli has promised that any resident of Khanduli who commits such an act will be punished.
This disease affects without mercy to anyone.
Before the distribution of the foodgrains, a short meeting was held by the Assistant Waheh Shnong Moodymai Khro Passah.
The party said that it has demanded that the Parliament should include the District Councils under the 10th Schedule to have a party law. The UDP has vowed to take to the streets to protest against the government's violence. On these issues, the UDP has vowed to take to the streets.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: Dikanchi D Shira, Congress candidate from Tura Parliamentary Constituency, has been defeated by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma. Many of Dikanchi's supporters are concerned that the Congress candidate has not received a vote compared to the votes cast by the supporters. Congress.
The District Social Welfare Officer, Jowai on Monday celebrated the International Day of Persons with Disabilities 2023 at Syiem Jingsuk Secondary School, Lai Lyngdoh Hall, Amlarem Sub-Division.
However, these two were deceived by the company which intended to employ them.
He uses the words daughters and refers to Jewish women as daughters of Abraham (Luke 13:16).
These include EKH: 77, NGH: 1, RBD: 17, SWKH: 1, WGH: 2, WJH: 10 and WKH:
“This is a mistake that the country is not able to do now, it is against the Constitution and it will also be a mistake if the linking of Aadhaar number and voter name goes ahead”.
Most of the Pnars attended the meeting, but only a few Karbis attended the meeting as they did not receive information in time.
It is on this basis that Jesus said to Nicodemus, “Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God” John 3:3
Here too, we are not surprised that the employees of Meghalaya Cements Limited have been quick to instigate the police to bomb and tied the people.
He said that these jerseys were donated by six5six, a company owned by two brothers who has also donated jerseys to the Indian team and FC Goa. He played in the Indian Super League (ISL).
Hosea says that the land is destroyed because the people and the rulers do not fear God.
“Although the authorities have gone many times to close down these illegal Otdieng factories, but they have not stopped at all, so in this government's plan to set up an Exit Point in this area, just because They are afraid that it will affect them too and so they started to take advantage by misleading the people living in this village, because many of the people in this area are still lagging behind in many things,” said the leaders.
During the public hearing, it was found that many people who appear only by name without any job are paid exactly and the number of employees and the findings in the RTI information do not match at all.
Anti Insurgent Police conducted a search operation at Bolkinggre after receiving a tip that someone had found a strange weapon at Asiragre under Williamnagar Police Station.
The complaint was lodged by the group of pig farmers after they found that there has been an incident of robbers, who went to break the dead pigs in a place where there is no Khasi-Killing, a village along the road from Jorbil Killing and leading to 13mer Tamulkuchi.
Ummulong is a village located on National Highway 6 and is only 16 km from Jowai, the district headquarters of West Jaintia Hills District.
Earlier, on 4th July, the rainfall was 90.4 millimeters and the highest rainfall was on 5th June 2019, which was 126.8 millimetres.
“But what is the status quo? The Government of Assam has moved to the border and Meghalaya has moved behind.
At the same time, he said that the police department is ready to take strong action against those who try to disrupt the peace and order in the city.
“Any person arrested under this order shall be released on the recommendation of the Advisory Board and may also be arrested again and detained if there are any complaints against such persons. man," he said.
and the multitude stoned him with stones, that he died.
These are just a small example.
The total number of cases has risen to 44,65,864, 9,19,018 are still undergoing treatment, 3,471,784 have recovered and 75,062 have died.
He said that all the money he earns from his bill is spent only on drugs while the rest of the money he eats from his mother.
This was announced by the Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma, who said that the Government intends to implement this next year.
He announced at the meeting that he will allocate T.14 lakh in two parts for the college, T.4 lakh for the construction of the school building so that the college can be used temporarily. T.10 lakh for the construction of the new building of the College.
The Municipal Corporation (MC) on Friday conducted a raid in many areas under the four zones and issued about 60 Challans to shopkeepers and street vendors. their use of plastic bags and prohibited items.
Awards will be given in three categories; Up to 33 films have been nominated by the States for these awards.
The Dorbar started with a question and answer session by the opposition MDCs from AA Shullai who asked questions regarding the forced occupation of Khanduli village by the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council. On the other hand, EM i/c F.Bareh replied that Khanduli is still within the boundary of JHADC which falls under Thadlaskeiñ Block of Nongjngi District and has a Waheh Shnong recognized by the Council. the 2015 Act.
He said Israel has been attacking from time to time for years, especially in the areas bordering Iran and Syria.
Shillong, Jymmang : The Executive Committee (EC) of the Mawlai Nongkwar Dorbar Shnong today expressed its strong opposition to the appointment of Bah Moonstar Rumnong as Rangbah Shnong. on Saturday (28.05.2022).
This was announced in a statement by Elias Susngi, General Secretary of the Nongjngi District Dorbar.
The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly on 22nd October passed the Bill introduced by Member of Parliament Adelbert Nongrum of the Voice of the People Party.
On this occasion, explanations were given on four topics. The first one was on soft skills by Rev.Dr.H.H.Mohrmen.
However, the failure of MCCL is due to the mismanagement and because the proceeds from the sale of dewbilat have not been transferred to the company but have been used by the government for other purposes.
On the other hand, the police had to use masks and shot in the air to disperse the crowd.
In the state, the Congress has nominated Ninong Ering and Takam Sanjoy for Arunachal East and Arunachal West constituencies respectively.
He said he would not allow Assam to become Kashmir and the National Register of Citizens of India (NRC) is very important.
Before distributing the tins and pigs to the selected candidates, a prayer was offered and a reading from the Word of God by Rev.KS Mawlong and a short speech by Rev.KS Mawlong. One of the missionaries, Abraham Debbarma, reminded us that in this age of science, many of us have forgotten many things and especially the love of God that can give us. and he gave us eternal life.
“Before the law, everyone is equal in India, the law applies only to the small,” said Bah Rani.
“I sent it to the Public Health Laboratory in Guwahati on 7th November,” she said.
Marian Hill H/S School will play against Jaintia H/S School at 12.30 pm.
India's 3000m steeplechaser Avinash Sable on Tuesday qualified for the 2024 Paris Olympics.
Before his deathbed he met the young man and gave him a booklet taken from the famous book Pilgrim's Progress.
Urging the youth and children to play sports, Dr Jemino said that they should play well and be balanced in life.
These projects include the Shillong Peak Ropeway, which will start implementation in November this year, the Integrated Hospitality Convention Centre, Tura which is currently under construction, the Hospitality Complex and Tourism Infrastructure at Mawlyndep, Sohra. and Chibagre who were involved in the preparation of the DPR, the renovation of the Convention Center at Orchid Lake Resort, Umiam and the Tourism Infrastructure at Nongkhnum River Island.
Karan Johar, Ali Abbas Zafar, Kabir Khan, Mini Mathur, Rohit Shetty, Sidharth Malhotra and Kiara Advani, Varun Dhawan and Natasha Broker and others.
The All Tribal Students' Union (ATSUM) has called for a rally in Churachandpur district to demand that the government protect the rights of the residents. try country.
“What we are worried about is that the project will be implemented by foreign companies and at that time the Khasi contractors will be just spectators,” said Bah Bandary Ryntathiang.
He also urged the authorities to raise awareness on this issue so that people will not be afraid to donate blood.
JOWAI: Shillong Seat MP Ma VH Pala who came to Kiang Nangbah Stadium for the first time as a guest of honor in the final of the 12th Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) He promised to provide for the needs of the stadium on Monday.
“Finally, the Government of India has said that since Meghalaya falls under the Sixth Schedule, it can be exempted from the CAB (now CAA).
“The smugglers, even if they don't have proper permits or challans, can escape easily at all the Check Points whether it belongs to the Forest Department or the Police Check Points because there is an understanding. mind," the organization alleged.
The Commissioner & Secretary to the State Government said that the government has punished those involved in such crimes and that so far the police have arrested 49 people and registered cases. He said that the government is still in discussions to develop the most appropriate measures for the implementation of the ILP. The C&S said that the government will soon consult and explain to the public on this issue and it is not easy to complete these tasks within the country. He appealed to all the people to be patient until the government takes a decision on the influx.
There is a confusion as to the name of the Diengdoh tribes in Pariong, Marngar, Diengdoh-Pariong, Marngar and thus in short, the name Diengdoh disappears and only Pariong, Marngar appears. , and in that order.
Airtel is the first company to launch 5G in the North East and today Shillong has experienced the first time using 5G. Airtel will continue to implement digital connectivity in Meghalaya which is expected to reach more people and India who have access to 5G technology.
In a letter, the Dy.CEM said that the 20 villages under the Chokpot Civil Sub Division of South Garo Hills include Daji Adugre, Daji Boldakgre, Daji Rongkuakgre, Rongbinggre, Waro Songgitchamgre. , Minchi Chiringgre, Ka•ma Minchi Chiringgre, Waro Songgital, Waro Songgitcham, Bugakolgre, Sangma Matchok, Nokwatgre, Ganggugre, Kalbanggre, Rongmigre, Nekalpagre, Rongruggre, Chiringmagre and Rongasigre regarding the suspension of electricity supply. the village.
Shillong, Jymmang 26 : The Minister of Arts and Culture and Tourism, Shillong, has appointed Rabindranath Tagore to commemorate the stay of Rabindranath Tagore in Shillong 1000 years ago. Chairman of MTDC and former Minister of Arts and Culture Bah Sanbor Shullai together with senior engineers visited the Rabindranath Tagore Cultural Complex near the State Assembly at Rilbong Shillong. The road inside the Complex will be used to continue what has been started.
After the announcement of the names of these characters, the audience also suggested to the director of the film to cast Ranbir as the villain.
The court has given the state government three months to implement the decision.
The affiliation of colleges at various levels will be abolished within 15 years and a grading system will be introduced in terms of independence of colleges.
According to him, the rules for peace talks are irrevocable.
The UDP leader said that such tragic incidents in Manipur should be strongly condemned by all.
However, the question is why the HNLC, through Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw, has issued a threat only to the MLA of Sohra Constituency.
He said that the Council will also hold a Monolith Festival at Mawphlang as part of the preservation of culture and a museum will also be set up at the same place.
Although these brothers escaped from the incident and after returning home, the robbers did not leave them but followed them and went to play music again.
How much smoother it would have been if the Government had been able to introduce such an idea to every village earlier.
We need intelligent leaders, not just intelligent ones, to take the state to higher levels.
“I am a member of NCERT and I would like to talk about this, where is the plight of Meghalaya or Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram and the states of this region why NCERT does not give space as they deserve. don't worry," he said.
Hep Dkhar scored the third goal for Sailung Ialong in the 39th minute, Madan War scored the second goal for Mukhla Raij in the 51st minute. 55.
The meeting was attended by the Commissioner & Secretary in charge of Consumer Affairs, senior officers, DCs and SDOs. implementation of Online Tracking related to the movement of beverages from the ports to the FPSs in East Khasi Hills as this will help to prevent the smuggling of beverages to other places.
According to police, Saidul Islam is a resident of Lahorighat area, Nagaon district of Assam.
On the issue of 'One Nation, One Election', Pala said that this is no longer a new issue, but it has been purposed for a long time.
In this regard, I would like to remind you that our great poet, Babu Soso Tham, has written a word from the Nongkrem region which spells “Kow” which in Sohra means “ Kiew" in the two lines of one of the poems 'Duitara Ksiar' in the chapter of "Ka Biria U Bieit" which says:-"When the cow does not cow Everyone will look at it"
(Please read again in the coming days about this stone and who wrote these inscriptions).
At that time, God chose Hosea to prophesy what would happen to Israel, because the land was filled with sin and there was no truth or mercy, or knowledge of God in the land. .
“We on the part of the government have a commitment to improve education and progress has been made in many areas.
They said that NEEPCO has received the NOC from Mawphu but has not received the NOC from Thied-dieng. The Syiem of Sohra Hima, Pa'iem Freeman Sing Syiem, together with the Acting Rangbah Shnong of Thieddieng, who was appointed by the Syiem of Sohra, Bah Mathias, have been involved in the incident.
He said that after the discussion, they have met with the Executive Engineer Nongstoin Division to request him to help us to inform the government for the construction of the road from Mawdiang to Langdongdai. to connect with the PMGSY road to Malangkona.
They said that they have already lodged an FIR but Mawsynram police have not yet arrested the perpetrators.
Thank you Editor.
The Minister also announced a donation of T.10 lakh from the CMSDF to the Shnong to strengthen the fish production in the Shnong.
On the other hand, Bah Shaphrang Pynkhlong, President of KSU Narpuh Circle, alleged that a person named Jonny Dkhar has issued certificates to foreigners as Rangbah Shnong of a village under Lumshnong Dorbar.
The reason is due to the rapid increase in the number of cases of covid 19 in the country.
In the first match of the cruiserweight 80-86kg, Vishal of Haryana started to show his strength before Jugnoo of Services struck strongly in the final round to win by 5-0 2.
The EJNC has come to inspect and found that they have already completed the construction of this building and what remains is for the state government to implement these sites, but until now There is no intention to start these works in these areas.
He said that there has been no price discussion with the army about the land but they have come to see it first.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Iamonlang Self Help Group Kemrang (Mawkliaw) through its Chairman, Bah Harlin Khriam, has expressed its gratitude to the Horticulture Department of the State Government for its assistance. The District Horticulture Officer, East Khasi Hills District Horticulture Officer, East Khasi Hills District Horticulture Officer, East Khasi Hills has donated 3.50 rupees under the scheme Post Harvest Marketing-2013-2 Half of the cost of the vehicle was paid by the department and half was paid by the farmers of the SHG. The office of the Horticulture Department has provided a lot of assistance to the farmers' synropki group in which they have been able to carry out the work which not only the group but the farmers of the area as a whole need.
Tomorrow, I will have a meeting in Jhalupara because the people have requested, so I must respect their feelings.
Let us pray that God will give the wisdom to our rulers to know and be willing to do whatever is necessary to protect the people from this death.
The film has been screened from the 2nd of this month and will be screened for two months at Bijou Cinema at 11.30 pm, 2.30 pm and 5.30 pm every day.
These schemes are for the welfare of the farmers by promoting sustainable agriculture.
Every evening, traditional musicians and dancers performed at the tournament.
He said that 2022 will be a special year for Meghalaya as it will celebrate its 50th anniversary of independence and in this year, it will also accept to host the National Games.
According to a letter dated November 15, sent from the state, the Environment Committee of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has visited the 18th July 2020, in all the coke factories in Shallang West Khasi Hills district, where the committee found that up to 16 coke factories are operating without permission from the relevant authorities.
Pastor C.Marbaniang inaugurated the hospital in the presence of Doctors, Nurses and Leaders of HITO. Donbok Dkhar said that the Seng's visit to this day is part of the celebration of the 3rd Anniversary of the Seng.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the state government will set up a special team to investigate into the incident which has severely affected the peace and order of the people of the state. .
The Israeli army said there was no doubt that Hamas militants had used hospitals as hideouts and could have hidden more information from the agency. The army is now going to investigate and dig to find out more about all these things.
“At 9 o'clock when we arrived at the house, we found the body lying on the bed, and there was no tyllai in the house. He knew that she had died as if he thought that the body should have been in the tyllai, and in fact he should have called the neighbors to help him, but the body was on the bed and and he covered the nep.
Lucifer's pride led him to want to take the throne of God in heaven, but he was thrown into hell.
He spoke on the unemployment especially in the Central Government jobs that the indigenous people should get and set up factories like pharmaceutical industry, food industry and others to employ the youth and others.
The demand is also to release the five month arrear for the fiscal year 2016-17 from 1st June 2016 to 28th June 2017 and four months salary from April to June this year.
There I saw the beard of the dead man lying around him.
Sangsot kaba pli!!In this fourth century, we are surprised how the leaders of this area and the State Government, that they are not ashamed to show off the pli villagers of Jaintia Hills, that they should flow by the dozens of trucks of coal, while the coal of their own, which has covered the hills and rivers, that they cannot use at all.
He promised to investigate and inform Dikkanchi.
This training was conducted after some MLAs were hesitant and did not know how to vote especially as it is the first time they have taken part in the presidential election.
Kharkrang said the police will have to conduct an investigation and whether the body will be recovered will depend on the investigation.
Shillong, Jymmang: The North East India Mission Association (NEIMA) will celebrate its 20th Anniversary on the 21st of this month at the English Service Church at 11 am.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: U Tura MDC Bernard N. Marak on Tuesday alleged that gas distributors through the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana (PMUY) are demanding money from poor gas consumers in some parts of Garo Hills.
“The East Jaintia National Council, which stands for the welfare of the people in the state and Jaintia Hills, requests the government and the Chief Minister to review this rule. The applicants must have a land area of ​​up to 100 hectares, as this will create problems for the people who want to apply for a permit to mine coal and who cannot get a land of up to 100 hectares. 100 hecer, this rule will affect not only Jaintia Hills but the entire state,” said the union.
The Minister said that the construction of the Tura Medical College is ongoing and it is expected to start sometime in 2026-2
If it weren't for the High Court's action, we don't think the Meghalaya government would have done anything as it says now.
The traffic jam on the NH 6 in Umkiang village has continued for five days, according to reports.
The Nightstalker MH-60 Black Hawk helicopter, worth $5 million, was used to attack the ISIS leader.
Not only that, at 8.30 pm, when he went on it, he became more and more ill and on the way, in a dark place, he took a patlun again and sent it to kill him. , by which he pulled the unnamed woman's hair; Fortunately, the guard nearby came to see that the vehicle had escaped from the incident.
“When implementing this app, the question arises, why is this app used only in East Jaintia Hills District? There are 12 districts in Meghalaya, so it should be used in all districts, of course this app is not bad, it is good, it will improve education, even within the district, but what I feel In EJHD, it is difficult to use this app, because there are places where they don't even have a mobile network, such as Saipung, villages in the border areas, such as Huroi, Hingaria. If the teachers who cannot send their attendance, how will they be treated?, I feel that the government should look into this first, if the government has such a Also, the teachers of Little Flower, Dayamonlang Rymbai, Enavchal Dopri and Toda Sukhalin, expressed their concern about the network. Regarding the implementation of the ubiAttendance App and Google Map Camera, because it was implemented without proper training, at the same time they said that they do not agree with the implementation of this. They also expressed their surprise why the app has been implemented only in East Jaintia Hills District.
The transportation of coal has become illegal after the NGT ban on mining and transportation of coal since
Conrad was accompanied by Kharkutta MLA Rupert Momin, Rongjeng MLA Jim Sangma, Bajengdoba MLA Pongseng Marak and Deputy Commissioner NGH SC Sadhu. officers of the district as well as officers of the tourism department.
Let us improve the quality of technology,” he urged.
“If the government is concerned about this, it should take action to prevent such incidents and not ban the posting of pictures of them, and these children are still children who we also want to know why such an incident happened".
In a statement, Process said that the allegation by Bah Adelbert Nongrum that he has shaken the CEM seat is only an attempt to create differences and distance his relationship with the CEM. “Even in the midst of attempts to create differences of opinion, the relationship with Bah Pynshngain N Syiem will last until the end because he is a trusted friend,” said Bah Process.
Such a Church does not consider the Word of God to be more precious than the treasures of the world.
However, in our country, many of these 'Lei San Snem' misuse their position.
To fight against this, the Seng will set up many Counseling and Rehabilitation Centres.
Regarding the post of Junior Divisional Accountant (JDA) in the Department of Accounts and Treasuries, Meghalaya, according to the advertisement, there are 69 vacancies. 34 people.
Shillong, June 23: The Union of Village Youth Associations (UYSH) has found through the Public Information Act that there are 531 employees of the District Council from officers to junior employees, except for the elected MDCs.
Shillong Lajong will now face Chennai City FC on the 18th of June at 5pm in Shillong.
Bah K.Passah District Sports Officer West Jaintia Hills District was the chief guest.
RR Marak, one of the Congress leaders, said that he has always supported Dango, but he has no intention of developing the society but only for the private sector. .
In the letter, Lytep said that the construction of the road opposite the Jowai Civil Hospital has been proven to be inadequate and the foundation of the old well has not been strengthened before the construction of the new well. and that shall destroy the people.
“However, now the Board will be headed by the Chief Conservator of Forests (CCF),” he said.
It is not known whether the lack of toilets in the villages will worsen the pollution of solid waste in the urban areas.
Sailung Ialong beat Khimusniang 4-0 in the second half. Arwan Rymbai scored the first goal for Sailung Ialong in the 15th minute and Masan War in the 15th minute. Saniroi Suchiang in the 24th minute and George Fredrick Lhuid in the 89th minute.
Donbestar Syiemlieh is one of the youths from South West Khasi Hills District and has been one of the youths who has set a good example for others because through sports he has received many benefits.
Therefore, the union urges and demands that the Department should take immediate action to remove or destroy these departments and these owners of trees that have been destroyed and if the Department does not do this then if something tragic happens then the responsibility. it will be mine.
He also admitted that corruption has hidden the development of Nagaland, saying that if it were not for the corrupt officials, Nagaland would have been one of the most developed states in the country. .
The calf and the young lion shall feed together, and the little ones shall lead them...” (11:6) The book of Deuteronomy teaches, “The Lord...will bless you in the land which he is giving you, ym don uwei ruh uba duk na ki para jait jong phi…" (Deuteronomy 15:4)Khatduh, kumno ngin їeng bad їaleh pyrshah ia ka jingban beiῆ? the prophet Isaiah said.
Yes, being an MDC is not a job or a struggle.
Earlier, the Vice President of the Meghalaya Filmmakers Association (MFMA) Pradip Chullet said that one of the problems of the filmmakers in the state is the piracy. and the lack of adequate halls where film producers have to rent private halls at very high rates.
Further investigation revealed that the drugs were hidden inside the Farm House at Lumkeni, Umran.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: Mawlai SC has become the winner out of 12 teams in the Women's Football League 2021-22 organized by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA).
The program started with a 4-kilometer marathon from Saiden to Pahamsyiem Stadium in which the youth of the area took part.
“I can't forget Real Madrid because they are a good club in every way.
That crane good, crane miat.
The deceased were identified as Lapoiskhem Synrem, 20, of Mawjrong Sohra and Iarborlang Thabah, 18, of Sohiong. Students of Seng Khasi College Shillong.
The NPP leaders have accused the UDP leaders of blocking the MDA-2 government. The people to support or vote for the NPP while the UDP-MLAs themselves are happy to wear the same NPP flag at the Secretariat.
Shillong, Nailar 31 : The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Tuesday demanded the suspension of the Assistant Inspector General of Police (AIGP) u Bah GK Iangrai for his use of 29 At the same time, the BJP has said that it will take legal action to demand an independent inquiry into the arrest of Vice. Its president is Bernard N Marak, MDC of Tura.
He also urged them to cooperate with the Raid and the Hima together with the village because when there is cooperation, many changes will come whether it is in the peace and development of the village. “The people of the village need a full time Rangbah Shnong,” he added.
These include EGH: 23, EJH: 11, EKH: 160, NGH: 21, RBD: 57, SGH: 04, SWGH: 13, SWKH: 06, WGH: 35, WJH: 80 and WKH:
The Central Government has set a target that in the next 10 years through the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology, it will select 10,000 villages to become Digital Villages in India.
James also wanted to know whether the police department intends to reward those who provide information to Nirul Islam. Warjri said the government will take the necessary action on this issue. On the other hand, UDP MLA Paul Lyngdoh asked how many policemen are not from Meghalaya because according to the information, Nirul Islam is from Barpeta, Assam.
Sanbor was speaking at the welcoming ceremony of four UDP MDCs from JHADC to the BJP at a meeting at the BJP office in Shillong on Saturday.
"We strongly suspect that there was something behind her death," he said.
The situation in India as a whole, especially in this state, due to the Corona virus or COVID-19, has indeed been one of the diseases that the nation and the state as a whole has faced for the first time. , in which fear, dread, persecution and the closure of places of worship have shocked many.
This cleanliness drive is part of the organization's efforts to keep the city clean and beautiful.
Even among the Nayars in Kerala who are descended from the mother, they have used the authorities of the law to empower the father when they saw the vacuum of power in their society.
He said that as the Prime Minister, he is ready to ensure that he listens to all those who want to speak or give their opinion.
This mutual development will enrich the understanding of culture as well as tourism and trade,” said Anil.
He said that after a thorough discussion, the officer promised to take action and inform the government to do whatever is necessary.
Sanbor said that there are many opportunities to create job opportunities for the youth through the schemes of the state and central governments but these schemes have been kept secret and not informed at all.
On the other hand, the HSPDP candidates have informed that they will complete their elections on the first day of next month which is the 6th.
Speaking to media, Bah Donbok Dkhar said that the Lamphang has promised to take action on this issue and said that the Lamphang has promised to talk to the government on this demand. the HITO shall hold a special session.
Furthermore, on the case of Thomas Jones, the Donbar referred to Act IV of 1837; that Jones as a British citizen had the right to reside in any place within the boundaries of the East India Company (1998:120).
The MTC has resumed operation of commercial buses despite the shortage of buses.
It is also true that the road from Liangbang to Thadrang is one of the most important roads for the people living in many villages on the border between Meghalaya and Assam. It is sad to hear that this road has been badly damaged and has caused a lot of trouble to the people.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Lamphrang said that as a party, the party stands firmly on the basis of protecting the border and land of the country and the nation. The party is ready to assist the government at any time it needs in the eviction of the people living in Them Iewmawlong.
, through the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board, Shillong.
Bah Sohtun also visited many houses which have been damaged by the floods in the village.
Shillong, March 19: The EM in charge of the District Council Market, Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh, in response to a speech by the MDCs, said that the market is covered with garbage from head to toe. The EM of the Iew, Bah Hadrian, said, “We have witnessed the destruction of the Iewduh, I have visited with the Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh (MDC Mawkynrew), we have found that the pollution is not only on the ground, but also on the houses, especially during the rainy season,” said Hadrian.
He said that he will go on hunger strike from the 23rd until the demand is met.
Speaking to media, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Arpit Upadhyay and the Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi, Giri Prasad, said that the news of the tournament is that The purpose of journalists is to provide training to the public in order to fight against evil deeds in the society.
“We saw the complaints of the people.
“We see that there are thousands of women who are mothers and the lack of marriage is not a source of division in the family but it can also be a desire which may be a difference in the family. but the main reason why a woman becomes an unmarried mother may be the death of her husband, divorce, the desire to escape from being abused by her husband and other reasons. ," said Dr. Nongrum.
The States have also been directed to ensure that the payment of wages to the employees at their workplaces during the curfew without any delay.
He said that the article contains words from the Bible , but he said that the believers should not compare or interpret the article in the Bible with such words claim.
Shillong, July 1: “Now many people don't know about the Kur Dorbar,” said Kong Teilinia Thangkhiew, Chairman of the Khasi District Council.
“We have created Pynursla, Mawshynrut and others as civil sub-divisions but we have not sent the resignation of any MLA,” he said.
The training program was conducted by RMSA-SEMAM, Government of Meghalaya and NERIE. Secretary to the State Education Department, Bah FR Kharkongor in his speech on the occasion, highlighted the need to strengthen the these two subjects and how the department has taken steps to provide training to teachers to become competent in these subjects.
The inspection was also attended by Bah P Tynsong BDO Jirang C&RD Block, Bah PS Nianglang State Project Coordinator. SHGs, Aganwadis, VECs and villagers.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has closed down all the banks in Mawkyrwat and also the Post Office in Mawkyrwat. made it work yesterday.
As time went by, it became worse and worse until it was no longer possible to drive and even the Mahindra pickups suffered.
Shillong: Langsning Greenergy Lions have won four matches in the Meghalaya Baby League 2018 on Saturday and showed that they are better than Mawlatbah SC Hawks, Wahlakhiat Bulls and Kickstart FCC Rhinos. they won just four games.
It brings about health problems.
The lucky draw will be held on the 11th of June at Luti Iaw Demthring Stadium.
On 16th November 1967, Bah Sharaid Nongbri joined the army to fight for the Hill State.
In the girls' category, Ninestet Secondary School beat Mawkyrwat Presbyterian Secondary School 8-0
Sengrik D Sangma (husband) sustained serious injuries while his son Thobes Ch Marak survived without any injuries. he is the house that is right.
“We still expect the RDA to move forward in the relationship between the two parties even if there is no longer any cooperation with the UDP before the elections,” he added.
Therefore, the religious groups in the state, although they are doing spiritual work, it seems that the time demands to expand their work outside the churches or to spread the Social Gospel.
After seeing the problems faced by the school, the Khasi Students Union West Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) has tried to do its best to complete the school building. new through the contribution of fellow members of the organization.
And what is more shocking is that we seem to have been affected by the teaching that we humans came from shrieh, therefore shrieh do not marry, they just play their shrieh game without any relationship.
Swapnil Tembe has been promoted as Joint Secretary, SSA. Vibhor Agarwal, IAS (RR: 2019) has been appointed as Deputy Commissioner, East Garo Hills. Hills District, Williamnagar.
The Minister promised to provide assistance to the council to encourage the residents of the area to preserve the ancient heritage and to preserve the customs and traditions of our people, he concluded. the Shivat Thorn.
Therefore, he urged the people who will benefit from this MLA Scheme to use it properly without any doubt as he has already released when witnessed and received by all the people and not to just The money will be of benefit to the people of the village because by the proper implementation of the allocations, it will be a blessing to many.
The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) is still working hard to clean up this road.
This has appeared in various media reports, this action of the District Council has affected the smooth running of the customs and traditions as laid down by the ancestors.
But as far as the places where it has been tried in this country, it is well without pain.
On the committee set up by the Government, he said that this committee is only for the Roster System, but as the party wants the Government to discuss the Reservation. Policy'.
Albinus said that he is still discussing with many of his friends who used to be with the Congress party whether to contest in 2018 or to support him. any candidate who is not a member of the Congress party.
“Bah Ardent's failure to pass a law to grant jait kpa was due to the position of his wife, Kong Rona Khymdeit, who was EM at that time.
The seven phases of polling days shows that the voters still lack the truth even though we say that the country is a democracy and we see that trust is growing. deficit to the one who sends leaders to govern and make laws for the safety, welfare and peace of the 1.3 billion citizens of India.
The men's compound shooting team of Ojas Pravin Deotale, Abhishek Verma and Prathamesh Samadhan Jawkar won the gold medal at the Asian Games in Hangzhou on Friday.
He said that it is not the violence but the violence from other sides and this violence has continued from time to time.
They will be joined by office bearers from their constituencies on that day.
The tournament has been divided into three categories, Under-14 men and women, Under-16 (Male & Female) and Under-19 (male & female).
He said that there has been no market for more than 30 years, but in the past it was a very big market.
"Bah replied, "Let's go from that road to the right when you get there..." Daplin explained. "To khunlei Kong..." said Bah Kham. man that cometh before them.
In the border issues, the High Level has to consider before signing the MOU and transferring Block 1 and Block 2 to Assam.
The SMS on the mobile phone is a text message from a number used within Shillong.
Oh God, I'm sorry, I've been waiting for you for many, many decades.
The STEMS includes representatives from the Police, Police, Education and Transport.
Speaking at the meeting, Abhilash Banarwal congratulated the village leaders and the VEC for their hard work and implementation of the schemes. whenever.
In this regard, the union has sought clarification from the Council and found that the Council has not found any price for the Daloi and this action of Daloi Muskut is only his own action without the permission of the JHADC. said Bony Pakma, President of HITO Moodymmai Area in a statement.
It will promote tourism now and open up many opportunities in the future.
This has caused problems to pedestrians, school children and those who are seriously ill, who have to go to hospitals in Dawki, Pynursla and Shillong for treatment.
Speaking on the neglect of Umlaper, Bah Poila Pdang said, “I am surprised and often I think sorry for the villagers, we have tried to talk to the company Amrit and we have urged The company has never employed the residents of Umlaper. The company has neglected the village in terms of development works. “If the residents go to the dispensary of the company to buy medicine, they have to pay T.10, if they buy only one medicine, they have to pay T. tyngka or T20 tyngka, this has surprised the residents.
Only those who are truly mature in their minds dare to reject what the reason-seekers say.
Now, I want to know from the Government whether after the dismissal of the DC, the investigation is still ongoing, or whether anyone has not done so, because the order of the DC should stand,” he said. said.
The game was organized with the participation of the Nurses, Teachers and Children of the Home together with the Rangbah Shnong of Madan Ing Syiem.
Pratap Chandra Sarangi – Minister of State in the Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Animal Husbandry, Dairying and Fisheries23.
When asked whether there is any dispute within the party, Bah Pyngrope said, “There is no such thing.
He also urged the government and the Minister of Agriculture to take care of the welfare and development of the farmers, not to rely solely on the IAS officers who do not know the cost. and the suffering of the farmers from the beginning of planting until they sell their produce in the market.
Security forces have arrested a member of the Kangleipak ​​Communist Party (KCP) and a member of the People's Democratic Party (KCP) in Manipur. Liberation Army (PLA).
Powergrid managed to score 117/8 wickets in 20overs.
This is confirmed by Paul in his letter to the Romans 13:1-7 when he taught Jewish Christians to obey the authorities.
Our State has now reached the age of 50 years, but when we look back at the State, it looks like it is only 10 years old and full of shortcomings in all aspects for the people.
She said that she is not afraid of this disease because she believes that it is not a disease that comes from the world but a disease sent by God because God has sent it. says that he will pour out the plague because of the suffering and sorrow of mankind.
Not only that, the planting of trees should not be on the side of the road, because the road does not map and it happens frequently, that it cuts down the trees on the side, because it falls. Therefore, the planting of trees should be more special in the village laws, laws kyntang and in the rud wah or rud and if so, the trees shall be of benefit to those forests that are protected and maintained separately.
KS Suchiang said that they have opposed the railway line in Byrnihat and what does it mean to raise the issue of railway line in Jaintia Hills?
Prime Minister Narendra Modi chaired the first Cabinet meeting today.
The road from Bhoirymbong to Kyrdem is about 9 km long and the bad condition of the road has caused problems to the people in coming and going.
Rangad said there is no need to introduce MPDA and MMPO to encourage thieves because in fact, even the Indian Penal Code (IPC) is sufficient.
And this behavior of them has now raised the question what is the difference between riding in small cars and four buses when they charge the same fare.
Indira Gandhi helped settle the Hindus of East Pakistan during the East Pakistan War which led to the creation of Bangladesh.
“I have directed the Public Works Department (Building) to expedite the approval from the two IITs for the new design of the roundabout of the House. "Thomas A Sangma told reporters.
He was also part of the St Anthony's School team which won the Subroto Cup in
However, Delhi managed to come back strongly to score the target in 7.2 overs.
"This means: Nongrum can be convinced of his faith but the Assembly is not a place to express and preach his faith.
Nongpoh: Three employees of the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi District, Umryngksai Village, Nongpoh, have been injured in an accident at 7 pm this evening. The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has sustained serious injuries after a vehicle belonging to the villages collided with a truck coming from Shillong to Byrnihat.
Shillong: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya office bearers will hold a protest in Shillong and Tura to protest against the allegation of police harassment in West Garo Hills. hill, to the party office bearers.
The 2.025 km long road will be constructed under the Rural Infrastructure Development Fund (RIDF) – XXIV scheme.
“There are challenges and difficulties but every year the organization of this tournament will move forward and be able to fight against the challenges,” he said. The Chief Minister said that the team has brought pride to the state and said, “They have reached the goal of victory and this team has brought pride to the state. “It is clear that if we are determined and determined, we must achieve our goal,” said the Chief Minister.
AIS SujaThe 70 weeks, Daniel 9:20-24, the 69 weeks (7 weeks + 62 weeks) ended in 32 AD.
Wherever there are mountains and holy rivers, there will always be beauty.
The House will meet for 15 working days, according to a statement issued by the State Legislative Assembly today.
Russian authorities have held general elections in parts of Ukraine that have been annexed by Russia, as part of efforts to strengthen Russia's borders and secure these parts. which Russia has occupied since the beginning of the war until this time.
Mawkyrwat, November 20: The Public Health Engineering (PHE) Office, Mawkyrwat Division through the Executive Engineer, Mawkyrwat, Mawkyrwat has announced that for the Walk-in-Interview for the post Lap Multi -Tasking Assistant will be held on 24th November, 2022 at 10 am.
Viewing others as better does not mean that we give up on them but that it allows us to go deeper into the relationship and bring closer to each other.
Meanwhile, in five other constituencies, the Congress may not produce candidates in such constituencies because even if they are nominated, the candidates will not reach the target.
On the other hand, the Director of NEIGHRIMs, Dr.P Bhattacharjee, said that Bah Susngi received the first injection from NEIGHRIMS. to give injections in the first phase.
The body was taken to Nongstoin Civil Hospital for post mortem and police are conducting a thorough investigation to find out the truth.
The District Forest Officer, who is also the Member Secretary of the Special Task Force, said that the raid on the illegal factories started yesterday and could be completed on Tuesday.
According to the above figures, women are more likely than men to find jobs.
Another question is whether there have been many GNLA fighters who have surrendered in the past few years and whether these fighters have stayed away from their members; However, the question arises, why didn't those who wanted to kill Jonathon surrender to the government? Another question is whether it could have been that Sohan, Did he have a personal reason with Jonathan, in which he would want to kill himself, even if he had to suffer such a death? and his followers, but surprisingly, on Saturday, when he was walking alone, the question arose, how he would fight against the police and how he would fight against the police. He was alone in the forest in Dobu, because his followers had to see the police coming to his side and they had to evacuate him immediately from the place. don't worry.
He said that his joining the Voice of People Party is because he sees that there is hope, an effort to fulfill the aspirations of the people.
She has also been charged with robbery and kidnapping.
Respect for those in authority, punctuality, action and heartfelt obedience with knowledge, is indeed the most important in all aspects.
Shillong is one of the newest educational institutions and our vision is to bring this environmental protection throughout India which can attract students from other states or countries. of the world too.
If the police don't pay attention, we don't know what will happen to Meghalaya.
Those who accompanied him were Sequacious Pakma, Helvi Stone Nongbri, Balumlang Nongbri, Vice President RiBhoi and 14 others.
Bashemphang Kurbah scored 20 runs from 24 balls.
David M Kharnaior, General Secretary of CoRP and Samla Lambok Rymbai, President of KSU Nongpoh Circle, confirmed that the delay in the operation of the bank is true, due to the network failure. to seize or invest money.
It is also better not to build a canopy that does not provide a little sunlight during the hot weather.
“We want to create a system where the people can trust the law enforcement agencies in the fight against criminals.
When he became more and more calm, he came to the statement that “all Indians are Hindus” which led these intellectuals and others to condemn Bhagat's rhetoric.
Furthermore, we will have to elect two MPs, one from Tura Constituency and one from Shillong Constituency.
Germany midfielder Toni Kroos will retire after the 2024 European Championship, Real Madrid announced on Tuesday.
This should stop immediately.
Beh noh ia ki foreigners how can they work in their own state why don't we have people? We are Khasi. The foreign states have been involved in this activity.
Likewise to all the Khasi workers.
The head of the Padang Search and Rescue Agency, Abdul Malik, on Tuesday said the death toll has risen to
Referring to the 80% turnout in the last MLA elections, Kong Kurbah appealed to the citizens of the state to exercise their democratic rights and to make their voices heard in the upcoming elections.
Two hand grenades, a Chinese pistol and a magazine and bullets were recovered from them, police said.
The Jaintia Hima is located in the North East of India and is fertile and covers an area of ​​about 3,850 sq. miles (9,972 sq. km) (Pemberton, 1835).
Not only that, but he also speaks evil all the time.
“There is still hope that there will be a sense of belonging and through this Committee there is still hope to help the poor.
The friends of Jor who were there tried to search for her son, but they could not find him.
If you win, Sohiong will have 29 candidates.
This choice of lyngkhot lyngkhai has brought great losses in many ways.
Earlier, Director of Fisheries IR Sangma said that T.88 crore including bank loan and subsidy has been spent for this purpose and more than 11,000 fish ponds have been constructed and 8,400 fish ponds have been constructed. T.25 crore has been spent for seeds and fish feed.
After the UDP, the HSPDP was accompanied by Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Langrin MDC Manstudy Nongrem and other party leaders. .
Seven schools from the district including boys and girls have taken part in the sports event.
The question to the Police Department as well as the Home Minister especially the CM is where are the female policemen to arrest women.
It is said that the man has been confessing to his crime for more than a year after he killed his wife.
Why do you have 2 Dy.CMs? There is a thought behind it and it was decided that one of them should stay in Tura mini-Secretariat, and both of them should stay in Shillong.
Dhar said that due to the dorbar mangtyngka in the past few days, the government has not yet fixed a date to meet with these people but the department will do so. as soon as this part can be resolved.
Police and authorities have confirmed that the fire broke out at the La Esperanza 1 crematorium in the Arequipa area, was caused by an electrical fault.
He said that the number of candidates for the MDC election will be known when the Election Committee announces the candidates.
Jerusalem is a special city sanctified by three religions - Judaism, Christianity and Islam.
The first final was scheduled to be held in July but was postponed due to the outbreak of Covid-1
The MLA said this while speaking as the chief guest at the closing ceremony of the Shillong Archdiocese Catholic Youth Movement (SACYM) Zone-V on the 9th November, 2023 at Jongksha.
He said this while speaking at the awarding ceremony of the Hills Farmers Union (HFU) Mawsynram Block held on 19th November 2022 at the Seng Khasi Hall, Mawsynram Khliehshnong.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma on Friday left for New Delhi to meet with Home Minister Amit Shah to discuss the issue of Assam. the border between the two states.
“We don't want the people of the state to get sick,” said Robin.
“What I understand is that 40 percent of the increase in deposits in the Reserve Bank's Liberalized Remittance Scheme (RBI) was during the previous UPA government, when every Indian , who lives abroad, can withdraw $250,000 once a year and there is also a deposit by those Indians from abroad, Goyal said.
The meeting also confirmed the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep Hills District which includes all the Khasi and Jaintia Village Authorities and to implement the work, it was entrusted to the Executive Committee of the JAC to do whatever is necessary. by receiving full responsibilities.
Thus, 38 years later and in 70 AD after Jesus' ascension, tribulation and judgment came upon all Israel in which the city of Jerusalem and the Temple were destroyed without leaving a stone unturned. as Jesus had said, Matthew 24:1-2
The Russian troops reportedly fled to the Belarusian border and fled due to radiation exposure from the nuclear power plant.
Dr Nonglait said that so far there has been no attempt to introduce a bill in Khasi to be included in the 8th Schedule and the government should take action to take it to the Home Ministry to include the Khasi language.
On the other hand, the Minister said that she will hold a meeting with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to discuss the demand of the ASHAs.
“The government should hear our voice.
And when it comes, it will be a shame.
Sometimes when the owners of the houses are selfish, they can get larger houses at a reasonable price and sometimes they buy a house at a higher price even for a one-room house.
It is also reported that Arbinus Lyngdoh MDC Umroi is in doubt about getting a ticket from the party for the MLA election 2018 and it is understood that if he does not get a ticket he will leave the party.
BM Lanong I too am surprised when the Congress Party, which took part in the signing of the Instrument of Accession (IOA) between the Khasi Hills and the Government of India (1947-48), They have kept it the same for a long time, now when they have finished their rule, they have turned around after more than 70 years and there are those who support it.
Distributing the Word of God to the faithful, Pastor BL Nongbri recalled that when the missionaries translated the Bible into English in foreign countries, they faced many difficulties because some of them were killed. and some countries in the world are not allowed to read the Word of God.
I, Marshall Biam, have to clarify as follows on the allegations against me by some people who want to disgrace and destroy my future.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jowai Circle has said that the Home Guard Volunteers for COVID-19 have received only 40 days salary even after working hard for many months to fight against the disease in West Jaintia Hills District. .
As of 31st October 2021, the NPP has announced that it has to pay 8.28 lakh tyngka and a year earlier it was announced that it had to pay 5.26 lakh tyngka.
These are the most memorable journeys in my life.
Speaking at an election campaign rally in Rajabala, Mamata Banerjee said, “The BJP and Congress from Delhi cannot be your friends.
In the men's category, Damanwanshwa Marngar from Maharam Govt, HS School won the Best Athletics Award for 2023. In the women's category, Banriakor Nongsiej from Maharam Govt. Waiborlang Syiemlieh of Rising Secondary School Mawkyrwat and for the Under-16 category, Latympang L. Marshilong of Nativity HS School won the prize.
Along with encouraging the participants at various levels, MB Tongper, also praised the SEMC for at the same time being able to provide awareness on HIV, In the Cycle Trail category, Elhannan Jason Syiem came first, Banshanlang Khyllait came second and Kevin John Khyllait came third.
The Governor also launched a memorial book of the college.
Regarding the cleanliness drive, Bah B.Khongdup, Asst Rangbah Shnong of Lumbyrhing, said that the village cleans up the village twice a year, during the rainy season and during the rainy season. the cleanliness of the city and the town.
There are only Muslims in China bazaar.
Speaking to reporters, Coming said one of the main purposes of his visit was to seek support from these states to assist Meghalaya in the production of Dohkha.
In the 1st Division : The 1st Division Football Tournament – ​​2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. , Northeast Jowai.
In a statement, Shira said that the party has no intention of attacking the police and if they had intended, all the police would not have been released.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Rangbah Shnong of Mawñianglah, Bah S Kharkongor, said that for more than 10 years, the village has been suffering from the smell of water from the area. stay in the Air Force and clean the road.
The training was attended by Longda Bamon, Manager MCAB, Damut Dkhar, Seva Bharati Meghalaya, President All Jaintia Muster Roll Workers and Labor Union. Ma KL Pariat and others.
Kynthai Chynrang from Ri Lama India 75 years old Laitlooid kynjooh Chityllup ka Ri, congratulations to all Lama India One of the most beautiful Lama India- Ri wa maïa The Manchwa longchwa honor to all these Lama Le rong in the country A Trekirot is the source of the hands of Ngooh for the sake of the country.
They also suggested to set up an Isolation Ward to treat Corona Virus patients at MCH, Panaliar as the space is large and doctors and nurses can stay there.
You are Phira and not phra.
The awards presented to the teachers on the occasion were: State Awards
Before the team left the city, members of the Meghalaya Swimming Association came to congratulate and encourage these children who have been selected to lead the state. to this competition.
“On this basis, the DC's office has registered the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram, which we have registered according to the law,” he said.
The Meghalaya Labor Department has also warned the employers not to dismiss their employees who do not come to work during the curfew.
The following is a picture of the race categories and prize money:.
Shillong, Naitung, 29: The Steering Committee of the Hynniewtrep Institute (STIEH) on Thursday renewed the office bearers of the Seng Kmie at a meeting held at Shillong Club in the presence of Adviser Bah Micky. Jones Kharbyngar and Legal Adviser Erwin Sutnga and Rastingwell Thabah.
Members of the EC of Sengsamla Youth Club, NYV of Shella Block, Bah Kyntiewlang Nongrum who organized the programme, Secretary of the Village Council and others. NSS Volunteers of Sohra Government College and NCC cadets of Rama Krishna Mission Higher Secondary School Sohra.
We must be careful in our walk and in our choice of friends.
Mandari Dkhar top scored for Thymroit SCC with 30 runs from 37 balls.
It is also prohibited to send workers in the construction of khiew, mining, shan tala, coke or coal mining, agriculture, timber factories, shooting mawria, tire making, khiew making, water and tin jot. and others, food manufacturing, etc. as prohibited under the Child Labor (Prohibition and Regulation) Act 1986 and lays down the rules for certain other types of labour.
Kanakadurga was admitted to hospital after being stabbed by her mother-in-law and brothers and sisters on her way home on 15th July.
The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) has warned civilians in Gaza to leave the area as it is a battleground against Hamas militants.
He also urged the Minister of Agriculture to appoint officers who are well aware of the loss of farmers so that they can survive because they have been humiliated and insulted.
The NPP party of Ranikor Block has convened a public meeting at Munaisora ​​on 25th November 2019 to discuss the mid-term MDC elections following the death of the MDC of Langrin MDC Constituency. However, at the meeting, the President who conducted the meeting brought up the issue of electing the candidate.
They have their own NGOs, which are called Jaintia and Khasi.
Many of the MLAs who have become ministers in the MDA government have answered questions from the opposition.
Another thing that makes us angry is that the residents of those villages/villages don't come out even though we have sent letters to the Dorbar Shnongs.
In her efforts to promote the dance industry in the state, she has taken the initiative to hold a dance competition for talented youth who are interested in the dance industry.
Dozens of residents of the village under the leadership of Bah Jopborstarsing Sohtun said that they will not accept the project at all, as it will affect their income by destroying the land. their fields and their fields.
We also believe that there is a close relationship between the Rangbah Shnong and the Dolloi and we have sufficient knowledge that the leaders and officials have a hand in protecting him. In our opinion, it is clear that this Rangbah Shnong has the authority to be a prominent figure in the public affairs of this area and he has the authority to manage those in charge of the this work.
It was on October 23, 1943, that Anne became a full-time member.
The day was enriched by a song, dance and drill by the students of North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Jowai.
The Under-18 Women's and Men's Football Tournament of the Meghalaya Games will reach the final tomorrow 19th July 2024 at the PA Sangma Stadium, Tura.
"Yes, he is walking along the road..." replied the Father. When the mother turned around, she saw that he was walking like a shisha behind him.
In the case of the video, it should be the same size and should be only 40 sec long.
This means that the government should take immediate action, as it is impossible to know whether it is still strong or not, especially if there is a strong earthquake.
After seeing in the newspapers, the leaders of the party held an emergency meeting to discuss the matter, but the meeting could not decide as there are still missing leaders and a date was fixed tomorrow to complete the meeting. to the works that remain.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that due to the lack of rainfall, the Umïam Dam, which supplies electricity, is on the verge of being shut down.
The CEM said that at the time of independence of India, the Khasi Hima had talked about how to maintain their separate status in the Annex Agreement signed by the Khasi Hima. That the laws of the Government of India cannot affect the District Council and these laws have been included in the 6th Schedule so that it will be in the law and it was clearly understood when they were in Assam. The power of the District Council is so strong that only the Governor can issue the restrictive laws of India, but when the State was independent, the District Council was abolished by the introduction of 12A. “It is interesting that we have opposed as much as possible the use of the powers of the KHADC in many conflicts these days, although the government is trying to use its powers, but the Along with the village leaders and RADF leaders including Bah BI Nongsiej as President, MDC Mawshynrut, MDC Mawshynrut, James Bansaiawmoit, elders and others.
He said that some people have accused him of making promises but with the cooperation of the people he has won and this stadium will now be completed within two years.
Riwinroy said that after talks with the Commanding of the Assam Regiment, it was also agreed to cut down and remove the trees and shrubs that have fallen underground in the parking lot.
He said that the PWD (Roads) department will repair the bridge and there will be a closure of vehicles to facilitate the construction of the bridge for the safety of the public.
Qatar and Kuwait have also summoned Indian government officials in these countries to protest against the insult to the Prophet Muhammad.
It was difficult for anyone to go to Israel or to enter Israel.
However, after 8 days, the BSF soldier showed symptoms of Covid-19 and was tested positive.
The injured children were rushed to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for treatment.
D Shullai alone scored 82 runs from 46 balls while S.Paswet of HUCC took one wicket in four overs.
niii ilehrain te iaphi ki bapli while you're talking about it......These people don't have anything to do with you. They don't appear in the world when our country has protests for the Sam border, CAA protests, ILP protests.
Measures have been taken to improve the working methods and orderliness in the financial activities of DISCOMs, such as the integration of budget and reduction in AT & C losses, the implementation of accounting. in electricity and audit, and ensuring timely payment of subsidies by State Governments.
He said the opposition BJP in West Bengal, the Congress and the CPI(M) have also appealed to the authorities to stop the riots. He also urged the Governor of the state to take action to protect and rescue from the riots.
“There are those who say that I should not speak out and stir up trouble but I want to say clearly that I will continue to stir up trouble for the sake of serving the people,” he added.
“I am still in the PDF, it is like in the JHADC (where the Congress MDCs form the Executive Committee and the NPP, even though they are in the opposition,” he said. said Mr. Banteidor.
These types of meters are still used only in Western countries where consumers are more educated and have higher incomes.
“I strongly condemn and as teachers we will hold another march as part of condemning this act of the police who fired tear gas even to try to arrest the teachers,” he said.
Ricky is the youngest son of Relimai Nongtynger and has 10 brothers and sisters.
This age is in a great competition in which everyone wants to have what others have and also to have more than others.
Congress leaders from Assam like Bishnuram Medhi and others have opposed his actions; However, he did not listen to them and said that it is necessary to bring more Bangladeshi Muslims to Assam so that they can grow more food in the state.
He also appealed to the people to cooperate and support and respect the time to avoid those who take advantage, said Kharmawphlang.
Shillong, Nailur, 14: The All India Trinamool Congress, which is in the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, has demanded that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government should appoint an independent inquiry to investigate the shooting incident. Cherishstarfield Thangkiew was killed in a raid on his residence in Mawlai Kynton Massar on the morning of 13th July,
For less than three years, they have been angry and criticizing the MLA but after two or three days, they have changed their minds just because they get money.
These are happening in this State, the country and around the world.
The MDCs immediately denied that they could do this.
The announcement by the district authorities has allowed parents and students to stay at home for the next two days.
Bah Fairlyborn Kharpran, Secy Seng Samla gave a lecture on how to protect the environment through the protection of forests.
There were also those who said that the biggest problem is for those poor households who do not have ration cards, as there are still many poor households who are entitled to ration cards. However, they have not yet received and this has caused them to suffer during the curfew.
He said the BJP in Meghalaya will fulfill the vision of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to bring about development in the North East.
It is learned that there are 10 people in the house who refused to test themselves and therefore, because they refused, there is a doubt, that there could be an infection and ban. putting residents in the area at risk.
Through the Meghalaya Milk Mission, milk distributors and partners involved in this project have seen the growth and development of the milk distribution industry and it has benefited.
Because until now there is no road at all but during their visit, they did not meet because he had gone to other places.
Pakistan's Chief of Army Staff (COAS) Asim Munir on Tuesday said the army will not allow violence and clashes to happen again in the coming days as it has in the past. happens on January 9th.
“In 2016, he said that the withdrawal of old currency would eliminate the number of stolen currencies in India and now in 2018, when Indian currency in Swiss banks has risen to more than 50 percent. "It's clean money," Rahul tweeted.
He also questioned the intention of the VPP candidate recently to carry a placard in front of his residence.
On the occasion, the MLA of Mowkaiaw Constituency, Nujorki Sungoh, was the chief guest and distributed the checks amounting to T.1,19,45,000 to 193 groups. Producers Group) of the area are involved in three sectors of agriculture namely Sying farming, Shynrai production and Sniang farming.
The chess tournament will be held as part of the selection of the boys and girls who will represent the district in the Meghalaya State A Championship to be held at Umsning this month.
To improve the light bill, MeECL has been directed to ensure that the loss of electricity should not continue to increase, but should take measures to reduce it.
Nongpoh: After the spread of rumors on social media, about the presence of killers and robbers in some places in Ri Bhoi, which has frightened and embarrassed the people.
“Of course we don't have our candidate Bah Vincent Pala who is MP and we are still arranging for a candidate from Tura constituency,” he said.
There are plenty of plants in the land of Israel today.
Israeli officials have also said that Israel is ready to reach a peace agreement.
The ECI, which conducts the MP and MLA elections, has made these requests after seeing the decline in the price of speech during the election campaign.
“Meghalaya has spent Rs 816 crore for 96,785 COVID cases and provided assistance for 1624 deaths.
Despite the promise of intervention by the Government of India, it has not been fulfilled.
He said the group should provide an opportunity for peace talks.
On this occasion, the Shnong, Seng Longkmie, Seng Samla and VO of Marshilong Village also submitted a memorandum to Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar to assist in their needs. play chess.
The ADG of BSF paid tribute to the soldiers who died at the memorial on the occasion of the security measures on the Meghalaya-Bangladesh border. Remember that it was held at Killapara in West Garo Hills District.
“After the meeting, the DC ordered us to go to the police station where we took the documents related to this case signed by Manas Joshi,” said Bah Mukhim. He added that Manas had participated in the 2012 Shillong Fashion Week but did not organize it.
After that, he went to the office of the Soil and Water Conservation Rest House in Jowai for lunch and talks with the district government officials. After that, the Governor went to Raj Bhawan. , Shillong.
He said that this will be done from the road leading to Khyndai Lad which reaches Umsohsun and continues to Jail Road.
The incident happened at 4 pm.
“If this continues from time to time, when even the ambulance is not allowed to move quickly, the union will not hesitate to find other ways to fight against these toll plaza workers,” said the union.
Reports said that Punia received a phone call from the Minister of Home Affairs, who invited the runners for another meeting.
Mother and Father, remember well, Before you die, Don't say, son of a bitch, which is wrong.
“They immediately informed the youth of Malki village and then the leaders of the Dorbar Shnong Malki who informed the police to come and collect the body,” said Bah Kharbuli.
Earlier, Mizoram won the semifinal against Nagaland 3-1
With the availability of this facility, they will receive many assistance from training, vocational training, identification of accommodation and others.
The two leaders of the Kur Syiem (Kpoh Mawlai) including Bah S.Syiem and Bah W.Syiem in a statement said, “The Hon'ble Meghalaya High Court, according to the order issued in On 14/10/2022, the Ministers of Mylliem Hima have rejected the complaint of the Ministers of Mylliem Hima against the appointment of Ainam Manik Syiem as Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima. The High Court has ordered that Ainam M Syiem should be removed from the throne as he is the brother-in-law of Latho Manik Syiem. it shall be orderly, holy, without partiality.
It should be understood that those who support this Bill are more numerous than those who oppose it.
The mining and quarrying of coal should be in accordance with the law.
The district chief also warned that those who refuse to accept these 10 tyngka notes will be punished under Section 188 of the IPC and Section 6(1) of the Indian Coinage. Act, 2011.
The village office bearers are: Rangbah Shnong Bernadus Rymbai, Secretary Pynshngain Marpan, Batskhem Marpan, Rohinshai Jalong, Binsen Nianglang, Synjuklang Marpan, Shemphang Marpan, Lurshai Ranghang, Pascal Marwein, Markus Shadap, Kabriel Marting, Wosning Jalong, Seiborlang Makri, Boniface Rymbai, Corbor Makri, Wosdream Makri and Benansius Rymbai.
He also warned those who take advantage of the opportunity to divide the ethnic groups and those who want to destroy the country should think twice because, “We don't start, but if they start as a party, it won't happen. “It's not like that,” said Forwardman Nongrem, President of the KSU.
It is not good for us to stop just because that change is against the law.
He also promised that the first, second and third place winners will be directly admitted to the semi final of Meghalaya Superstar Season-III which will be held soon and the audition will be held on 18th June, 2019 at the Youth Hostel. Finalists will be able to enter directly into the Mega Audition without having to audition.
The Field Coordinator SURE said that the meeting will be held at the office of the BDO, Amlarem Sub-Division at 11 am.
Bah Wahlang said that in the last few years, government babu have been accused in many ways and it is time for government babu to conduct an investigation to find out the reasons for the accusations. comment.
“How can the government fight in KHADC when the state government has not recognized the new CEM of the council because to my knowledge the district council does not have a new CEM,” he said.
Enacted- Enactment Any bill proposed in the Legislative Assembly must be enacted separately before it can become a full law that can be implemented in the society of the State.
The cost is high and the money is earned by contracting themselves or by claiming shares from contractors.
“He is a child who knows the day and he was arrested only because he was found with Jaynie's child,” said the mother.
Speaking on the holding of the Dorbar, Bah Syiemïong said that in the past years, the Dorbar Hima was held only by the Sordars, Secretaries Shnong, Ministers, Lyngdohs and without the participation of the children of the Hima. 1,000 of the Hima to sit in the Dorbar, but what is interesting is that this time under the Acting Syiem of Bah BH Syiemïong, that Act has been repealed and a new one has been introduced. All men who have reached the age of 18 years and above may attend the Dorbar.
On the other hand, the Commissioner and Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs, Bah Jopthiaw Lyngdoh, said that the government is ready to hold the elections in June. sa ar month whole now.
The Cooperative Society raises pigs for profit, but all their hard work has been in vain, as recently up to 10 pigs have died and today three Twenty died again including the mother pig and two baby pigs.
Kenneth said that the monthly salary of Adhoc teachers is too low to meet the needs, so many of them cannot send their children to school. to higher levels.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, on Tuesday said that although the Central Government has not yet announced to contribute funds for the implementation of the NEP, it supports the States in all aspects to improve the situation. the buildings in many parts.
They also said that other subjects although they have been difficult but they can still write or create themselves but this subject social science which they wrote at the end of the day they cannot write anything because they don't come according to the books they have prepared and read.
At the same time, he said that the NPP will welcome Bah HM Shangpliang on the 13th of this month in Shillong.
During the meeting, many people said that it is necessary to protect the traditional medicine so that and at the same time it is necessary for all from the State Government and the Government of India to take action to promote the traditional medicine. traditional healers and especially to protect forests and water bodies.
One may be that we want to finish all our work in just twenty-four hours.
However, as time goes by, there will be sorrow and regret for what we have done, it will affect and hurt our conscience.
And it came to pass on the morrow, that the sun went down at noon upon the moon.
Aiming to increase voluntary blood donation is key to achieving a safe blood supply.
After that, the Rangbah Shnongs once again greeted the Prime Minister and appreciated the talks with him and left the Secretariat to announce to the public their talks with the government.
Shilong: A close friend of Dr Donkupar Roy, MDC from the same constituency, Bah Teinwel Dkhar, has expressed his deep sorrow after the sudden passing away of a teacher. him.
This prohibition also applies to various political parties.
“Tomorrow will be a meeting of both sides, those who have withdrawn their support from the UDA and those who are still supporting,” said an MDC who opposed Bah Teinwel.
Shillong: North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum today met with the Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui to discuss the problems of the people living in the Police Reserve Quarter. .
“Khasi youth, Bapli youth have taken to the streets to protest against the authorities, but the authorities who have been shyllak have entered the fire,” he said. .
Not only that, it was also reported that at the beginning of the dorbar, the people were sent to sign their names in the kotsada and this led to more protests. There was a lot of opposition, in which the people were angry and demanded, “Dissolve the dorbar, step down”, said the Rangbah Shnong.
He expressed the hope that the people of Sohiong will be surprised in this election because the Congress candidate does not hold public meetings, but they just go home to ask for support from the people.
Furthermore, Bah Jyrwa said that Laitumkhrah is a peaceful village and therefore it is not pleasant for any people to come and do such things inside the village.
Expressing his confidence in the leadership of Conrad Sangma as leader, Bah Sanbor said that the present government is working for the people and listening and doing what the people say.
Two drug traffickers have been arrested with 4.61 grams of heroin and T.1 lakh 90 thousand by the Jowai Police this morning.
According to the report of the BSF Meghalaya, in 2022, the BSF Meghalaya has seized a large number of illegal drugs, cows, guns, bullets and drugs. from the border region.
Shillong, Naiwieng 4: The HANM West Khasi Hills District has decided to hold a 12 hour curfew on the 12th of this month from 6 pm to 6 pm.
It is the state government and the ministers are the ministers of the state which includes 60 constituencies.
Application forms can be obtained from the offices of the BDOs, Mairang and Mawthadraishan Blocks during office hours.
There are 8,31,124 confirmed cases or 21.11 percent of the total number of cases in India.
In view of the health risks caused by the disposal of waste in urban areas, it is much worse than the lack of toilets in rural areas.
He said the Congress is the party that gives tickets to non-natives and has appointed him as the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Dr. Ajad Zaman from Rajabala and Dr. Ajad Zaman from Rajabala. Manas Chuudhuri is from Shillong South.
Police are conducting investigation to arrest the suspects.
Bah Hamkom Khyriem, Elder of the Shnong, in his speech, said that the KSU has made good progress in the service of the country and the nation but there are still many issues to be fought for. He urged the members of the committee to have a courageous spirit to move forward so that their good intentions will reach their goal.
Especially the candidates, they cannot hide their gifts to the people, to the constituency unless they are corrupt.
If the damage to the environment continues as it is now, there is a risk that the Government of India in the future will withdraw this permit.
The worldwide population loss is estimated at 9.3 percent in 2020, compared to 8.4 percent in 2019 and another 700,000 people have suffered the worst. , by the end of 2020 and reaching 70 crore poor people by the end of 2020, according to a report published on the online portal The Wire.
He said the applications have been given two months to submit to the BDO Office.
However, if the people are not willing to pay the higher price, there will be nothing else to do.
Nangbah Mulang scored the first goal in the second half through Mebanjop Hinge, Chanhok Siangshai 41', Woldrick Susngi 69', 90' and Ram Bang (own goal). 90'+5 minutes.
Mawkyrwat, June 08: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nobosohphoh Area Unit and the Hill Farmers Union, Rangblang today lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills. Mawkyrwat District on the landslide in the rice fields of the Nongstoiñ-Wahkaji Road Construction Company.
He said that the reason why it will affect the rural areas is not very reasonable because the schools which have been recognized by the Board have received adequate salaries from the government and the teachers should not be stingy.
Sean P Diddy has also been named the richest man in the world since last year through the creation of DeLeon Tequila and REVOLT network. Rap singer Kanye West.
I want to ask him why he wants to interfere in my household.” But I understand, because I have a wife, a daughter, a husband and brothers who come and meet me.
The driver of the Maruti Swift Desire was identified as Dipal Das.
This reporter asked the people of the area about the incident and they said that it happened almost a month ago; However, the government authorities have not yet gone to remove or remove the road which has blocked the road to enter the village.
In this age of mankind, human knowledge has reached its peak and has reached its climax.
The meeting was attended by members of regional committees from Assam and Meghalaya.
In this meeting, Bah Bright Starwell Marbaniang, said that the reason for the delay in the repair of this road is due to the natural disasters and the company has promised to complete it. This repair will be completed as soon as possible.
Referring to the two BJP Ministers, Bah AL Hek and Bah Sanbor Shullai, who were present at the launch of the manifesto, the AICC leader said, “Hato The BJP will investigate against its own party members who are involved in the MDA government,” she said. The promises made by the Congress in its Manifesto are complete, meaningful and implementable.
The JNC Jalaphet Unit together with the Executive Engineer of PWD (Khliehriat) Bah M Kharnaior, Waheh Shnongs of Sutnga, Ma Eban Sutnga and Ma Moin Bareh Assistant Waheh Shnong has conducted an inspection of the area under Sutnga Elaka near the Syrbang Bridge due to the risk of heavy stones which can fall and collapse at any time. posing a serious threat to passengers.
Be alert and prepared.
Speaking on the occasion, the Sports Secretary encouraged the players to work hard before they take part in the tournament, so that they can reach the top of the table.
Every year on September 23, the International Day of Sign Language is celebrated as the International Day of Sign Language. .
The state government should take care of this, because the government has many people to work.
In seven other areas including Tarabari, Gizang, Hahim, Boklapara, Khanapara-Pillingkata and Ratacherra, arrangements have been made and the social agreement was signed on 29th October,
There are 20 households in Mukhla Nongrim who have benefited.
He said India is not a country that is different from the West, it is a country full of culture since ancient times and it is a country that has taught and set an example to the countries of the world to have a spirit. humble.
for they speak their own language.
“This happened during the MDC elections in Mairang in 2019,” said the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
On learning of the incident, the KSU members were angry and decided to go to the foreign workers. These foreigners had planned to hold a protest, but at that time they were blocked by the District authorities of Ri Bhoi.
The people of Mawkhar Jaiaw, on the other hand, cannot prove that they are indeed the brains of the Khasi-Jaintia Hills as they used to say.
The 25 Khasi States signed many treaties in Shillong from 15th November to 19th November 1948 in the presence of Akbar Hydari, Governor of Assam.
The event was attended by the Myntri Shnong of Lower Rajapara, the residents of the village, parents, youth and also the elders of the area.
Therefore, the government needs to assist them in providing fertilizer at a lower price as fertilizer is very expensive.
The suspect was identified as Armister Kharsati, also known as Emunister, of Mawmluh Smit/Mawber.
He didn't pass his B.A, he went to class on a bike or a Maruti.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday announced the closure of the Bijoya Store, GS Road, Shillong due to the presence of a positive case of COVID-1 Road, Shillong will be closed temporarily until further notice.
Is it enough to elect only one person or do you have to think about the party they stand for? In Khaddar Government, the Political Parties are the instruments that shape the foundation and vision, they are the founders of the Government and the decision makers of many activities in Khaddar Government.
He urged the people not to expect too much for their own benefit, but for the party's feeling that only the party they support is doing this to oppose but for the benefit of all the people to break. such a feeling and acceptance that the issues of the nation are the most important issues and should not be discussed with anyone.
The road from Lailad to Borsora is one of the roads in the state which has generated a lot of revenue for the state government from the export of coal and oil to Bangladesh.
However, the KHADC has not been able to hold this festival again.
But, this won’t be the case at other times.
Police have recovered two soap boxes containing 23.95 grams of heroin, T.44,500 thousand, a Venus car, new silver and three. that mobile phone.
The ability to start this degree is another long journey of the college in its service.
Banendra Kumar Mushahary, BJP candidate from Gauripur constituency, told a gathering of Muslims that beef is the most popular meat in India. to eat.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Shnong of Mawprem, said that the government will look into the construction of wider roads in these areas, as the road is narrow and heavy vehicles cannot drive. enter the city, for it is desolate.
When we have finished our studies, we can watch TV and so on to relax our minds.
“The mother is the head of the family.
The word 'Equitable' as mentioned above allows parents to give who, how much between their children, both men and women.
The curfew may continue in India even after the 14th of this month as the number of cases of Covid-19 is increasing day by day. days across the country.
On Friday, a US soldier went to work across the North Korean border despite tensions between North Korea and South Korea.
There are dozens of others, who are suffering from fever and chills, which is a sign of the corona virus.
“He added that people from other states should not enter the state with the preparation of their fellow citizens but should go through the village authorities.
Reliance Jio today announced a 21 percent increase in the price of its recharge from November 1, 2021 for those who have a prepaid plan.
I was disappointed to see that many of them were waiting for election money, and some of the religious people, not all of them, turned at the last minute to the same wind of asking for money to go,” said Bah. “I don't know what will happen and according to my experience, the money power is still in power.
The purpose of the summit is to recognize the hard work, dedication and dedication of organizations and individuals to improve health in the region as a whole.
They forget themselves that they are men.
This cold weather happened on the 23rd June 2020 in this village which received the first rain along with the cold which has damaged the houses and crops that are still growing.
He said that these three persons have reported that there are still five others.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: There are now five active cases of Covid-19 in the state.
We must remember that we should not support any Garo party or party led by them and we should not support any candidate from such parties.
The bank employees have also decided to continue their strike until their demands are met.
If you have any questions, please call (M) +9
“When we listen carefully to his speech, he complains that the students who go to class at Kiang Nangbah are like going to the market and not like those who go to class.
Natasha Rabha (4/20), Monica Singh (3/7) and Jennyfer Fancon (2/17) took wickets.
“This incident has happened now,” said the Chief Superintendent of Police, West Karbi Anglong District.
In the second half, Donlad Diengdoh scored in the 46th and 72nd minutes and Risuk Malngiang in the 54th and 69th minutes.
This number belongs to the Meghalaya Integrated Information System (MIIS) and is free of charge, which is set up to receive complaints or information requested by the public in relation to any matter.
After this, it was learned that the chiefs of the Phawa Siangshai clan went to the village to discuss the incident, but in the evening it was alleged that the house was burnt down by unidentified persons.
Speaking to the public, they said that since the government has banned the mining and transportation of coal, the decline in income in West Khasi Hills has been severe.
Shillong, July 31: The President of the National People's Youth Front (NPYF) (NPYF), Bah Kitborlang Nongrem, has denied the allegation that he was involved in the plot to defeat the NPP candidate from Ranikor constituency. Martin M Danggo.
“In Kerala, the state government has taken over the post of teachers in those schools established before 1991,” said the chairman of JACATAM. schools in 2011.
Shilong: The Meghalaya High Court has granted bail to Bernard Marak, MDC of Tura and at the same time BJP leader in the state, who is accused of running the He was arrested at his residence in West Garo Hills District.
“The Congress has refused to appoint the Lokayukta even after the Act was passed in 2014, and the BJP in the central government has not done anything on the Lokpal, which shows that they don't want to to destroy corruption, because they themselves are corrupt.
Shillong, Nailur 18: A total of 24933 foreign workers have registered with the government in the state so far.
Ten others of these residents are currently undergoing treatment in Assam.
“We are not saying that the Congress has not done well but we have heard that many Congress supporters have left to support the AAP because Prime Minister Arvind Ketriwal has done well,” she said. .
Today, the 11th will be between Riatsamthiah SC and Umsohsun SC from Group C at 3 pm at MFA Turf, Polo.
Speaking at the meeting, the senior leaders of the HYC Sengkmie explained how to bring about a clean governance by taking the responsibility to elect the leaders to the Legislative Assembly of the State. to be held on the 27th of this month.
On the 25th, Ummulong will play against Chutwakhu at 9:00 pm and 4-Mowkaiaw United will play against Hills United Cricket Club at 9:00 pm.
The NHRCI also demanded that the Assam Government should pay compensation to the family members of the woman.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) today said that its decision to close government offices on the 8th, 9th, 12th and 13th June 2014 should be protested against. The arrest of the leaders of the Sengbhalang, on the grounds that they are involved with the Council.
There are 26940 samples sent, 26,000 negative, 522 pending results and 22,504 returnees.
Eastern West Khasi Hills beat East Garo Hills 2-0
There was also a difference of opinion between Capt.
Scientists have known that dogs have a sense of smell and sense of smell, up to 10,000 times stronger than humans.
Shillong, March 18: The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District will swear in the swearing-in ceremony of all the newly elected MDCs of GHADC tomorrow.
Many schools have been run without proper and functioning Managing Committees (MCs).
The heavy traffic jam in Motphran every day has forced many people to walk when they want to go to Kashari, IGP and Lachumier.
Nongpoh, March 20: The Meghalaya High Court has issued an order to relocate the houses and crops of the land owners of Umden Mission recently by the Ri Bhoi District authorities. The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP) has demanded that the state government should send an inquiry to the CBI into the issue of the project to upgrade the Umroi Airport.
Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat (MGHSSM) is one of the nine schools that have won the District Level Students' Science Seminar 2023 organized by the Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat. District School Education Officer, (DSEO), South West Khasi Hills District on the topic, “Millets – A Super Food or a Diet Fad”, at the Hall of Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat.
However, without thinking, the Committee has not been able to fulfill the expectations of the EC,” he said. He said that the Delimitation Committee was not set up by the EC but with the permission of the Governor.
During the inspection, the reporter had the opportunity to talk to the guards at the site, where they also expressed the difficulties they faced during their stay at the work, in that area, due to the shortcomings and which the government has not yet provided.
Exercise after exercise : During the rainy season, it doesn't matter if you exercise twice a day.
We don't know why, but even if we don't work, we shouldn't tell the truth, we shouldn't call others.
It didn't stop there, and within 10 years of that incident it affected 50,00,000 people living in the surrounding area.
The Rangbah Shnong, Bah Bindersing Kharwar, who was the chief guest, encouraged all the Rangbah Shnongs not to lag behind even if there are those who have more or less but to be united to unite the village.
We have to look far not only for the present but also for the future because the earth is round.
Jowai, Naitung 15: Chairman of the Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC) Manoj Kumar today distributed 200 boxes of fish in Amlarem Sub-Division, West Jaintia Hills District. to 20 fishermen from War Jaintia Hills.
If the people who elected them hate the BJP party, their elected MLAs will join them.
“I am delighted to be appointed as the head coach of the team for two years,” said Caudrat.
It is until 2018-19 that the National Health Mission (NHM), Meghalaya has not received any funds to pay the ASHAs. Leaders of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union and state government officials have held a meeting to discuss the issue of ASHAs not receiving their salaries. 2,000 tyngka per month to the ASHAs which will be paid from June
He said that the parking lot at the top of Ïewduh has four floors, but there are floors which cannot be entered due to the darkness even during the day which encourages criminals to come and hide. .
Two MLAs of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) have been able to strengthen the National People's Party (NPP), which is the ruling party in the MDA-II government. join this organization in the next few days.
Meanwhile, BJP members from Meghalaya have gathered to lodge a complaint against the protest and burnt the tyngshops of the two MPs and carried placards reading against them.
Ma Nehlang Lyngdoh, who used to be a Minister of State, will contest the MLA election again and today he has decided to join the National People's Party (NPP). NPP).
Speech was also delivered by Kaisardia Wahlang, one of the strongest supporters of the PDF, who said that in the last MLA election, they supported the PDF but when they saw that A 34-year-old doctor, who works at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), has died. He fell from his house in Gautam Nagar, South Delhi on Tuesday night.
The word “the blood of Cain” means the blood of death.
According to the minister, the reason why the bank has not released the money is because it has to check whether it is true or not that the beneficiaries of the scheme meet the requirements.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said, “We have changed the working methods of the MPSC and the entire recruitment process by creating more Boards.
The order was issued recently by Additional District Magistrate Anjani Kumar Singh, which is intended to be implemented within the areas under the jurisdiction of the city police. They will be declared as violators of the law, said the officials.
Manis Kumar, Assistant Deputy Commissioner, Ri-Bhoi, Dr. P Kharnary, Assistant Medical Superintendent, MIMHANS, Dr. TS Momin, DMHO, Dr. E Kalwing District Tuberculosis Officer and other officers and doctors from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Besides, the recent incidents on the border of Ri Bhoi and Assam have raised questions as to what encourages the Assam government and its groups to dare to attack without any discrimination. to the Khasi people and to the Government of Meghalaya as well.
The purpose of the Society in conducting this trekking is to see and witness with their own eyes this famous mountain in the Narpuh area and also in the district as a whole.
Therefore, the proposal should be rejected as the MUDA Building Act does not comply with it,” he said.
However, the police have not charged the Mawhati MLA under Section 5 of the Act which means that the government has helped him, she said.
Vitamin C and manganese in cabbage are powerful antioxidants.
They said that the problem they face is that they can leave the villages to Shillong, while it is prohibited to transport passengers from Shillong to other places.
He said the full budget has not been passed by Parliament although it has already been submitted to Parliament and the approval of the budget will be soon and after that the shares of the states will arrive.
For more information, please visit the website www.afsdi.com.
In another development, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jalaphet Unit has expressed its strong condemnation to the robbers involved in the shooting and injury of the Rangbah Shnong of Jalaphet Bri Sumer on the 22nd of this month.
Regarding the venues, Banteidor said that at present, the JN Stadium, Polo is still under construction and renovation. The availability of sports grounds for the SAI SAG NEHU training center is completely adequate and in addition to other venues or grounds around Shillong which are adequate for the holding of sports grounds. this is the lympung.
JOWAI : Police of West Jaintia Hills District have arrested four persons and 12.192 kgs of heroin from a Mahindra Scorpio in a search operation at Jowai Bypass at 1 pm this morning.
“The RTI reply shows that the employees have been promoted according to the Seniority List and Merit List.
It may be recalled that Vesper Lamare of Khliehriat West Village has lodged a complaint with the East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) Khliehriat West Unit regarding the death of his cows. the wastewater that flows from the CHC into his poultry farm.
The office bearers were elected in the presence of Denis Siangshai, Co-Ordinator East Jaintia Hills, Comely Lyngdoh, President AAP Meghalaya and Diolinda Dkhar.
Singh was rushed to Osmania General Hospital after neighbors saw the incident.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the President of the party said that until now there has been no face to face meeting with them, but there has been a rumor that the party has received reports that there have been leaders of other parties. He did not say that it is only the Congress party, but there are also those from other parties.
“We have directed all the Deputy Commissioners to immediately implement the MRSSA as it is,” he added.
This was done with the cooperation of a team of nurses under the leadership of the Superintendent of Nursing, Kong Mary Lyngdoh.
“I will work with the Dorbar Shnongs, Women's Organizations, Youth Organizations and we will not allow him to destroy our youth to get rid of alcohol,” he said.
The woman was killed because she was accused of being a demon possessor.
On 17th June, he campaigned in all three constituencies to seek the cooperation of the people and the three candidates of the party in the MLA elections to be held on 27th June.
A 14-year-old girl has died in Kazakhstan after her smartphone exploded.
According to witnesses, the fault was in the umphniang truck, which passed from another place and collided with the truck. against.
The teams that will compete in the tournament include Assam Regiment Football Club, New Majai Football Club, Tur Shaphrang Football Club, Nongrim Hills Football Club, Ryntieh Football Club, YBSC Shella Football Club, YBSC Shella Football Club, Hynniaw Wasa Football Club, Solid Target Football Club, Seven Brothers Football Club, Iaipyrshang Football Club, Lawsohtun Football Club, MLP Sports Club, Kynshi Vega Football Club, Taison Football Club, Army Football Club and Laban Football Club.
On this occasion, NeIPS awarded these 50 persons with certificates for completing the training and also handed over them with knives and other equipment.
Commenting on Mukul Sangma's prediction that the BJP will not win a single MLA in the 2018 elections, Hajong said that in the 2018 elections, he will win peacefully. “We will fight hard and win in 5.6 constituencies in Garo Hills,” he said.
Shillong, November 07: The party has started inviting applications for the candidates who wish to contest the Assembly elections. effective November 12, 2022.
He informed that he will also donate two more syntek tops for the village.
What surprised us is that F.Syiem in the Hima Dorbar, read out before the Dorbar the order issued by the EC of Bah Teinwell which contains only about three sentences.
Through this programme, the Government is assisting patients through Ayurvedic treatment to treat Iron Deficiency Anemia (IDA) among indigenous women between the ages of 18 and 45 years in Mawpat and Mylliem Block of East Khasi Hills. district under the Ayurveda Yojana.
Nongstoin, July 13: The attempt to raid the land of the Assam Police in Langpih area has continued until these days. The government has decided to set up land for the purpose of setting up a military base in the area and also to set up other departments in several places in the area.
Besides, it has been seen that many of the doctors who have completed their Medical Degrees do not want to go to work in the rural areas because they understand that they don't have any income because they cannot open clinics or pharmacies. For this reason, many doctors want to stay in the urban areas where they often have the opportunity to use their power as they please.
The fire broke out at the petrol pump from a petrol truck parked at the scene.
The CM also urged the DCs and SDOs to conduct frequent inspections to schools, hospitals, PHCs, CHCs and others and to submit a report to the government through the authorities. this modern age so that they can make a decision.
Khaw AAY will be distributed 35 kilos per month Free of Cost, Khaw PHH will be distributed 5 kilos per month Free of Cost, Khaw Non will be distributed 5 kilos per month Free of Cost. - NFSA shall distribute 7.215 kilos per household at a wholesale price of T.12.00/- per kilo and at a wholesale price of T.14.00/- per kilo.
Tip me! Perhaps the comments of those outside the Jaitbynriew can be a wake-up call to us in some way that we should not be carried away in this world of struggle.
A few months before the 2023 MLA elections, he joined the BJP. Now, he is on the verge of joining the ruling NPP.
Historical facts and documents are not found to have been used in the first demarcation.
Referring to the farmers, he said, “There is a need to provide jhur seeds to get good soybeans, and we need to investigate carefully in this regard, to understand the problems faced by the farmers. ki mat , we have a good shyrmit and other crops that we produce and to curb the smuggling of it.
Moscow, November 17: At least 50 people have been killed, including 44 passengers and six crew members, on a Boeing 737 that crashed while trying to land in the Russian capital. in Kazan, the incident occurred this Sunday evening.
“The Congress-led UPA government has said that there are 1.2 crore Bangladeshis illegally entering India, of whom 57 lakh are in West Bengal and 50 lakh in Assam. “The number of illegal immigrants from Bangladesh to India has reached 2 crore and this is increasing,” he said.
This has caused the water to become bih and the dohum can no longer survive in the shallows so they flee to the sea and the fishermen can catch or fish easily.
Therefore, she appealed to the public who have seen and heard about this news, if they have any information or recognition of these people who are involved in this gang please inform her so that she can. inform the police and authorities that they will be prosecuted according to their illegal activities and malicious intent.
He said that the tourism industry has become an employment factory and improved the income of the people in this age, and as the people should not focus only on government jobs but the wealth is abundant. if the people know how to use it.
Most of these places which cannot attract tourists are started by the people without any assistance or support from the government.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laskein Circle has postponed the awarding ceremony of the Maitshaphrang Academic Award from 22/12/20 to 12/01/2021 due to unavoidable reasons.
It is our duty to think especially about the weather conditions in our country, so we have to refrain from holding these tournaments in June and June,” said the President of the AIFF. Kalyan Chaubey.
By doing so, the people have started to compare the work done by the MLA for more than four years with the work done by the candidate.
However, if they think and ask themselves, perhaps it will bring about change and the best service will be provided to the people.
In April 2015, the Supreme Court had banned the Election Commission from linking voter ID cards with Aadhar numbers.
It is to be recalled that the bloodshed in Manipur has started since the first month of June 2023 until the students from Meghalaya who went to study in Manipur have to return to their home state but have started to continue their studies. after they had gone away.
One of the robbers involved in the murder, who tested positive for COVID-19, escaped from MMC Hospital, Guwahati on Monday.
Shillong, Nailar 22: Out of 120 vehicles of the Shillong Supplementary Public Transport Service (SSPTS), 40 have been damaged and 88 buses have been damaged.
:Martin Luther Christian University has organized a program titled Folklore – Traditional Knowledge in Art Form to celebrate the Folklore Month in Kper. Mawbynna, Nartiang, West Jaintia Hills on 15th November
Dr. Mukopadhyay, one of the leading scholars of West Bengal, has praised the richness of the Khasi people in the field of folklore.
I have heard that in the past people were very respected in this beloved Khasi country.
She said that the VO is now moving forward and women within the SHGs and VOs are courageous to run the activities of their organizations.
Shillong: The Union of Teachers of MUPSTA will hold a General Meeting on the 25th June 2019 at the Court of Syiem Maharam, Mawkyrwat at 11.00 AM.
The village leaders demand and request the Government to take action on this road so that it will be of benefit to the villagers, said a statement from Ma Lasting Pala, Waheh Shnong Umkiang.
You're stupid.
However, after receiving the money, the man disappeared for about three months and after that he came back to ask for money back from the mother of the girl to repair his car. .
Please don't allow or force the people to take the law into their own hands, when we see that you are wrong to lead, we too have the right to lead our children as well as you because we Know that it is not only the government that can carry and leave our children in all these problems.
Mr. Ganold is a qualified lawyer, who has also served as a Senior Advocate in the High Court and has also served as the Advocate General (AG) of the Government of Meghalaya to handle government cases.
Another Bihari Bero student, Lila Rai, who topped the Khasi examination in HSLC and BA, also received a buskit.
The Syiem recalled that the previous governments have passed many laws and regulations which have affected the country and the Khasi-Pnar people.
In fact, the people in the government used to say during the elections that agriculture is the source of income for the country but when they won, when they came to power, they were shocked. all those praises during the elections.
Nongstoin, March 5: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) in collaboration with the Girls Wing of West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has called for a campaign against violence against women, children and women in the West Khasi Hills District. They came out to strongly condemn the robbers who used to do such things.
When asked why we need to celebrate this Day of Remembrance, many farmers (not all) answer “I don't know, we don't know” and when asked the same question to their children, The answer is “because it's too much......it's too much.
Shillong: The Financial Literacy Training for FLCRPs was concluded on 21st March, 2023 at SBI RSETI Ribhoi, Umsning Ribhoi District.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Shillong today was filled with lights and lights especially around the JN Stadium, Polo, for the opening ceremony of the 12th South Asian Games (SAG).
At the same time, he said that he has called a meeting with the operators of these buses, where they have been directed to teach and rebuke the drivers and collectors of these buses. be clean and keep your vehicles clean.
In the women's category, Sneha Chettri, Geryma L Nongkhlaw, Shimti Lyngdoh and Netania T Tariang.
We don’t even think they paid the tax because it’s illegal or double-digit.
Nongpoh: A nurse (anonymous) who works as a staff nurse at Umden PHC, has escaped from a tragic incident, after an unidentified robber entered the house. According to information received, the incident happened on the 22nd of this month, when the robber, who covered himself with a mask, was arrested. He broke into her residence at 12 o'clock in the evening, stabbed her and tried to assault the nurse, along with threatening her not to leave. he must not be afraid, or he will take his life.
Other sources said that 391 students from Assam and Kota of Rajasthan have returned to Assam and are under quarantine for 14 days. Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam.
If you drive on the highway, if you carry coal, you have to pay a lot of money, if you carry kwai and tympew, you have to pay a lot of money, if you carry synsar, you have to pay a lot of money. pick up trucks even for rnga and others have to pay not less than 500 tyngka”.
Eze 20:18-19 – “Do not keep the statutes of your fathers; thou shalt not do according to their customs... – I am the LORD your God.
The meeting was attended by the Managing Committee of the school, the Principal, teachers, staff and students.
“If we have a problem, we have to come to Shillong, it is difficult for us to come to Shillong,” he said. .
Therefore, according to the order issued on November 7, there are many Coke factories and Ferro Alloy Plants which are operating smoothly until now without disclosing where the coal comes from and this shows that the coal is still available. .
However, the question arises whether this can happen if those who will be the future of the country and the nation do not take the training or guidance of those who have gone before.
When Satan and the demons and the wicked were thus cast out, Death was also cast out and DEATH AND HADES were cast together into the lake of fire.
“At present, the electricity demand is about 650 Mega Watts while the production is only 350 Mega Watts which means there is a shortage of electricity. These factories also need electricity to process agricultural products,” said Bah Pala.
At the opening ceremony of the programme, the Zonal Supervisor Haphadahun Sympli congratulated all the residents of Rymbai as well as those who gave their time for the success of this public awareness campaign. .
Speaking to Mawphor, Abhilash Banarwal said that the district authorities are now preparing and taking action to provide relief to the people who are still stranded in the traffic jam.
“Until the Government suspends those involved in this incident, we will continue to protest,” he said.
Referring to the agreements with the KHADC where the Mylliem Hima will have to support the exit points in Iewduh and also to repair the footpaths which have been badly damaged, the Minister said that He said that the Hima is still looking for land to build a foreign venue and at present the construction of a foreign venue has started at Basa Die Sohsaw. He said that the Hima is still investigating and as soon as the sky starts to shine, it will start implementing.
“High level thieves, high level thieves and the sin falls on you and me,” he said.
In the pre quarter of the Under-14 boys category, Marian Hill H/S School beat Jowai Presbyterian U/P School 2-0 goals. Liberty H/S School beat Little Flower H/S School Ummulong 1-0
The owner of the truck, who had installed GPS, has changed the speed of the truck because even when he was asked to stop the truck along the road, it did not work. They seized the truck from Kaliabor and arrested the driver.
God is a Spirit: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.
The court also informed that in paragraph 8 of the Interim Report, it has informed that the operation of these factories has been permitted or not.
The time of pestilence, the time of famine, the time of war, the time of earthquakes in many places, is now.
“We were not allowed to pray in our homes.
They said that other threats have arisen until the rights, customs and traditions of the jaitbynriew from the census, religion, customs and traditions have been destroyed.
Pool-D, Evergreen Mukhla, Lumkyrwiang, Mynthong, Nartiang and Royal Pole Mihmyntdu.
Shillong: On the Tuesday of May, all day long, the heads of the haiñ have been driving on a bumpy road full of snow.
"I don't want to have a public debate on this because if it's good or bad, it affects us all.
The residents also demanded that FEDCO should stop the lights in the area and urged the residents not to pay bill lights in the name of this company while MePDCL has not clarified on this matter. .
On the other hand, the Seng on this occasion donated 360 copies, pencil kits and white/green boards to 62 students of Umbi-Mathan RCLP School, Nongthymmai LP School and Umjari LP School.
He said that besides finding accidents at this place, today, they found that a tourist vehicle from Shillong to Guwahati, has broken down at this place. The road is bad and has caused traffic jams and disrupted the traffic.
Regarding the curfew called by the HNLC, the state government has also prepared adequate security forces to ensure that no incident will happen that will disrupt the society.
