We have tried to unite all the political parties to form a government rather than justice for the people as they have decided to get a government free from the party that led the former government but it has not come true”.
The committee will meet with the community leaders on the 10th of this month at 2 pm at the State Convention Centre, Shillong to listen to their issues. if the law ‘The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016’.
The traffic jam, today, was caused by the fall of a mawbah, near the double bridge, before reaching Lyngkyrdem and this has completely blocked the traffic of vehicles, coming and going from Lyngkyrdem. Shillong is not allowed.
However, after the inspection, it was found that many of the villages are still throwing together these garbage except those in the Municipal areas. plans have been installed in this area, which can separate the rotten and non-rotten waste in order to remove the pollution from this area.
He said the state government has demanded from the central government to send 15 pyrtons of security forces to implement the Act but the government has not given it yet.
Those who attended the ceremony included the President and General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Rgh O. Pyngrope and Rgh Hainess Marbaniang, members of the JPK and others. The meeting was conducted by Rgh DL Nongbri Vice President Seng Khasi Kmie and the welcome speech was delivered by Rgh Hamar Singh Kharhmar, Cultural Secretary Seng Khasi Kmie.
During the meeting, u Bah Embhah also suggested to the Minister that from now on, the school children should not be charged for vehicle fare. they are school children , and they should be exempted from transportation.
The relatives of the two youths alleged that Rosy Sangma died due to torture at the hospital.
Offline registration can be done by collecting the forms from the office of the KJP Western Synod, Mission Compound Shillong.
He said that the school authorities had requested the road construction company to repair the road but this too was not believed.
Why doesn't he say that we should go and force the central government to implement the ILP in Meghalaya soon?
They have to change the names of the candidates more than 2 times so I don't think it's intended to empower women but that there is no other option," he said.
He said that the people are happy to receive money during the elections, but they don't understand that their bills remain the same for many months or years.
Besides Dr Laloo and War, other members of the committee are Ampareen Lyngdoh, Pynshngainlang Syiem, Paul Lyngdoh and Witting Mawsor who are MLAs. Dr Sylvanus Lamare of the Sahitya Academy, Dr DRL Nonglait of the Khasi Authors' Society (KAS), Dr Streamlet Dkhar, Secretary, Law Department and Principal Secretary, Arts and Culture.
Earlier, China claimed that five PLA soldiers were killed in the fighting.
"The king called for a third wife.
Six persons were killed while two drivers and followers of the truck were seriously injured.
The revenue of the state from these resources is only 10000,000 while the price of the same goods imported when they arrive in the state varies by 10000 rupees.
“The refusal of Assam to accept is on the grounds that the same yard stick has been adopted to decide on the 23 villages before taking any decision on these villages. "he said.
“It's good for my body to eat this soh,” said the mother.
The two-day festival went smoothly.
On the same issue, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council Nongtrai Area Unit, has written a letter demanding the upgradation of the Umsohpieng Sub-Centre as a PHC for the people of Nongtrai.
She also demanded that all the transformers installed in the state should be repaired so that such incidents will not happen again.
The fourth river is the Euphrates.
Jowai, Nailur 09 : The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has invited entries for the 11th Division Football League Cum Knockout Football Tournament The match will be played at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The Election Commission shall also issue Form (12) for those elderly and persons with disabilities who are unable to vote at the polling stations and There are 7478 voters with disabilities (PWDs).
“Ka Syntu Ksiar is a tourist attraction and a place of recreation where from children to adults come to visit this place, so no one should speak rudely or create trouble in this place in order to maintain the dignity. of the village and the city of Jowai as a whole,” said Ma Riquoma.
This opportunity to play in the first division has opened the door for him to play in the biggest tournament in the country and to showcase his talent.
Speaking on the role of the government in this regard, the Minister said that not only does it bring people to the job fair but it is also ready to spend up to 50,000 tyngka per patient during the they are in the process of being trained.
Two other projects with a length of 76.89 km.
However, one thing is, if there is another disease at night and also for those villages far from the Block what will be done? It will provide convenience to the people who go to get medicine at night as well as those who need urgent care far from the Block.
This was announced by Larry Kharpran, President of the Green Heart Boxing Club.
“This has been informed and it is appropriate to inform Delhi to please consider this,” she said.
He is the joint candidate of the Dorbar Shnong Mihmyntdu and has decided to contest the election for him after he won the election in the village held by the election committee of the village on 28th November
Commercial cylinders weighing 19 kilos in Delhi will cost up to T.2000.50 from the previous price of T.1
All electrical workers should wear electrical protective equipment while working, such as gloves, juti jri, headgear, tyllai to avoid falling in accordance with the provisions of the Act.
Don’t take advantage of what the government has done, but respect them.
In fact, going to bed early and getting up early can bring many benefits to your health.
Thus, Chutwakhu School has qualified for the final.
The Quit India Movement will be held in Shillong on Mahatma Gandhi Road near the Meghalaya Main Secretariat.
“This has led to an increase of 39.76% in 2022 compared to 32.2% in 2021,” he said.
These include EGH: 15, EJH: 15, EKH: 420, NGH: 05, RBD: 57, SGH: 08, SWGH: 05, SWKH: 23, WGH: 101, WJH: 93 and WKH:
A brief history of the Nongsning Presbyterian Church.
The list of candidates includes South Shillong MLA Sanbor Shullai, AL Hek (Pynthorumkhrah), Himalaya M Shangpliang (Mawsynram), Benedic R Marak (Raksamgre). , Ferlin CA Sangma (Selsella) and Samuel M Sangma (Baghmara).
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 354 new cases have been confirmed and 4229 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
When the children of Israel came into the wilderness after they had left Egypt as slaves, they heard the voice of God when God came down to Horeb in the wilderness of Sinai.
In a tragic incident, a child from Kerala committed suicide because she was not allowed to take part in online learning.
When the death of the Rangbah, the authorities of the Civil Hospital Nongpoh, announced that the Rangbah has been infected with COVID-1 The hospital authorities have not been able to provide the necessary facilities for the funeral of the deceased.
There is no one great, rich, poor, or rich.
The meeting of the KHADC will last for four days.
Adding to his speech, he also urged the students by saying that the students who have harvested the soh, should not just end up.
Mawkyrwat Block MLA Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar on Tuesday inaugurated the Urnar Viewpoint, BDO Mawkyrwat Block. Mawrap, South West Khasi Hills District.
“Anyone who provides information about the whereabouts of Reding T. Sangma will be rewarded with T.2 lakh by the Superintendent of Police, South Garo Hills,” said Anand Mishra, SP of the district.
After the church blessing there was a feast.
A poor and needy state has to raise so much money! This is all a mistake that we have depended too much on water alone to generate electricity.
Structured in this way, most of the children wanted to go to school and this really attracted them.
The West Jaintia Boxing Association (WJBA) in collaboration with the office of the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, on Thursday night held a Boxing Fight Night at Ïawmusiang, Jowai.
“When you come to the city to study, don't spend it on illegal activities, don't fall into the pleasures of temptation but remember the parents who have lost their strength in the city for their desire to make people to you", he added.
Finally Jesus cast out the devil and commanded him not to tempt the Lord God and to worship only him.
Peru captain Paulo Guerrero scored the second goal.
Shillong, Lber 16: The Chairman of the North East Regional Parties Forum (NERPF) and Chief Minister of Nagaland, N. Rio, today announced that on the 23rd of this month, all the political parties will hold a meeting. in Assam.
Furthermore, the Indian scientists also pointed out that there are those civil society organizations or NGOs that wear the guise of civil society organizations but are full agents of Muslim insurgents working among these Rohingya refugees. .
For one man can destroy the whole house, and one man can destroy many people, and one man can improve and bring glory to all. one state.
Pudina leaves and sohkhia to reduce fever : Sohkhia and pudina leaves are things that you can mix together for a drink that can bring relief.
Shillong: The residents of Lumshnong, Shillong, today closed the door to hold a public meeting to allow Star Cement, to expand its mining, by increasing the quantity of coal mining. 9lakh tonnes per annum to 25lakh tonnes per annum.
People from near and far came to pay their last respects to this great man who has made a great contribution for the country and the nation.
Bah Staising Kharbteng was the chief guest at the tournament and opened it to the public.
In fact, it should stop the appointment of those who have lost the election or those who have connections with it.
He said that according to the estimates of the village, the total cost of the house has reached T.3 lakh. ban, 5 byrni of rice, 7 ana of gold, clothes, household items and school uniforms and school books for their two children.
“The intention of KHNAM is to nominate 29 candidates from KHNAM but when it says to nominate 29 candidates it does not mean without proper consideration of the candidates because the District Council does not have an Anti Defection Law. We want to judge the candidates carefully because we want to get those who are strong and steadfast so that if we win we can fulfill our promises to the people.
Kamol Marbaniang, one of the former members of the Congress party, today sent his resignation letter to the new president of the Congress party (MPCC), Vincent H Pala. November 3, 2021.
The Ri Bhoi Dorbar, including the Chief Executive Member, Bah RR Makdoh and the President, said that the Ri Bhoi Dorbar has protested against the proposal to build a casino. The Ri Bhoi Dorbar, Bah RB Shadap, said that the Ri Bhoi Dorbar will strongly oppose the proposal to bring a casino in Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, March 14 : The Kur Lyngdoh of Nonglyngkien, Maharam Syiemship, South West Khasi Hills District, has been appointed as one of the San Lyngdohs who founded the Hima Maharam. The Dorbar Kur of Nonglyngkien, Mawkyrwat on the 8th November, 2023 in one voice has warned that anyone who does not work or give jait in any way will have to answer before the Dorbar Kur or will be punished according to the rules of law. you Kur.
Ma Toi Laloo, born in Moodymmai, son of Martha Laloo and Ren Siangshai, who was married and lived in Niriang, passed away on 9/2/2
Golden Nonglong from Nongstoiñ, who is also a scientist, will contest from the Congress, while Kimfa S Marbaniang, MLA from Nongstoiñ, who has been suspended from the Congress, will contest. However, the voice of many, especially those who loved and supported Bah Kimfa in Rambrai, said that the NPP will spread and some say that it will win in
Furthermore, from July 1, 2023 to November 30, 2023, there were 166 missing persons including 78 men and 88 women.
Ultimate Rays This band was formed in 2017 by my guitarist.
There is often a saying that “the poi-kha or the shong-kha comes to eat and sleep and to steal the wealth or the money.
Dr Omarlin criticized Chuba Ao for claiming that the Congress will win only three or four constituencies in the upcoming elections.
During the programme, the President of the BJP agreed to fully support the party on behalf of the ST Morcha.
He said the Peace Committee set up under the leadership of the Governor – Anusuiya Uikey will soon start its work.
Stating that the NPP is ready to form the next government, he argued that there is no point in voting for candidates of other parties who will not form the government.
Samla E.Suting, Secretary, Organizing Committee, Paltinum Jubilee Committee, gave the welcome speech.
Conrad said the Committee has noted in its findings that the procurement policy is outdated and inadequate. we have to judge and bring about a new activity"
According to the Government of India's website, the PDS will provide ration at T.3 per kilo, wheat at T.2 per kilo and other symbolic food items. The price of rice is T.1 tyngka per kilo.
Woe also to those who are righteous who have no mercy and forgiveness for their fellowmen.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah HS Shylla CEM of KHADC said that according to the information received, it is understood that many Kurs will attend the meeting.
Most of them are still in the Khasi religion while those in other churches are very few.
Psalm 33:8-9.
"If Kong Ampareen wins the MP election, how much money will the state government spend to hold the mid-term elections because this will be the money of the people. The people will elect Ampareen,” he added.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongthymmai Circle today met with the officials of the Power Grid Company regarding the complaint that the company has cut the salaries of the employees on contract basis.
It may be recalled that even in the first phase, the two Prime Ministers have already signed the soskular.
The Durex The Birds and Bees Talk (TBBT) programme, led by Reckitt, has become the health organization's partner in the celebration of Sikkim World AIDS Day.
No players will be admitted after inspection and passport photographs of the players must be attached to the form.
However, if this is the case, why is the State and other areas still suffering from power outages – the question for many.
The construction of the new market is on the old market which has now been demolished and the market has been temporarily relocated to another location nearby.
However, one thing is certain that he (Paul) and other candidates of the party are well prepared to contest.
Speeches were also delivered by Jersom Shylla, President JSU Central Body and other members of the JSU.
“He also said that this school was established in 1961 when Umsning and Ri Bhoi as a whole were still a lawbah lawsan and many people were still lagging behind in education. , but the arrival of this Missionary from France has brought to light that this school has served to improve the quality of education in Ri Bhoi.
He said the beneficiaries have been immediately connected to many schemes like Ujjwala and Ayushman Cards and it was informed that more than 40,000 beneficiaries have received Ujjwala gas connections in the first phase.
In this tournament, these participants, showed a beautiful performance which impressed the spectators who came to witness this tournament.
JJ Joseph.
“There is no point in discussing only the Roster because the problem is only with the Reservation Policy and without affecting this cause of the problem,” he added.
If the government delays in setting up a police outpost at the Malidor Bridge, the border will be lost and the Assamese will eat the land which is the property of the state.
The District and Sessions Judge cum Chairperson of the District Legal Services Authority (DLSA), East Jaintia Hills District, C.Dkhar thanked all the departments in the district who came to take part in the event. She said that the Pan India Awareness Cum Outreach Campaign conducted by the DLSA office is also the National Legal Services Authority (NALSA) and within the district, Two programs have been conducted, the Empowerment of Citizens through Legal Awareness and the Outreach and Haq Hamara Bhi To Hai.
“I will act in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution of India as an MDC,” said the CEM of KHADC. state government.
“It's right, Father, it's polite to help the helper,” said the mother. “If the shilak doesn't come as we agreed, I'll go and ask for help from that lawyer.
Sambirlang Nongtdeh 52' & 70' and Heini Phalangki 71' scored the three goals for Iawmulong Nartiang to win.
“The complaint is that the Dkhar is not allowed to shop in front of or outside his shop,” said the Indian officer.
Bah Panbor was also able to make friends with the elders who taught and guided him.
In Tuber Kmai Chnong, all the rituals related to the celebration of Behdeiñkhlam were performed by the Longdoh of Raij Tuber.
Therefore, he urged the government and the relevant authorities to inform all the departments to celebrate the special day of this great man whom the nation knows as He is the father of the Khasi alphabet.
The Minister said that this is necessary because the Government is concerned about the quality of education as a whole.
Armenia's defense ministry said on Tuesday that two Indian citizens were wounded in an attack and shelling by Azerbaijani troops in the town of Yeraskh, near the border with Nakhchivan.
On the other hand, Bah Edmund Khongngai said that these promises made by Prestone Tynsong are to set up the Border Hat but until now it has not been fulfilled. These border markets demand that these border markets be set up in Lyngkhat and Hat Thymmai.
Every day and every month we see sad news of rape, assault, rape and rape of women and children.
In fact, Israel should have controlled the world since ancient times if it had obeyed God, and this is the truth.
At present, there should be shelters in every household in addition to those built by the village.
“We have submitted this proposal to both the Union Ministers and suggested that the students studying at RIMS and CAU in Imphal, if they can be given about one year to study at Shillong or any part of the North East closer to the Umïam campus of CAU, so that students can come for one year to study,” said Conrad.
No medals were counted in swimming, tennis, billiards & snooker, karate and shooting.
There was also a traditional dance performance by the school children, Sein Manbei, Sein Raij Psiar and the youth of the village.
At first I thought it was the decision of the Cabinet but from this news it is not so.
Dr. Nibedital Paul, PD KRC JJM-USTM welcomed the participants and explained the purpose of the training program on the implementation of the JJM scheme. and the specific objective of this scheme as approved by the Central Government through the Ministry of Jal Shakti.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong urged the youth to avoid bad habits and to be diligent in their studies and also in sports to enjoy the body. the chief of the village.
After the man was removed from the scene, where he committed suicide, the family members and wife of the man, could not conduct a post mortem, as they did not suspect anything wrong. but they felt that the man had done it himself, especially since he was a mentally retarded person.
Besides the Rural Backyard Piggery Mission, the Government has already implemented a pig farming scheme worth T.109 crore in the state, he said.
“I urge all the children to be aware and vigilant when using the technologies of this age, whether it is computers, mobile tablets, mobile phones and others, so that it can bring benefits from the “Their role is not to cause losses, whether it is in terms of education or their daily lives,” he said.
Kitborlang DkharPresident WJNC.Shillong: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on Saturday held an emergency meeting with the leaders of the Ruling and Opposition Party to give their full support. to the State Government.
Ask all groups to lodge complaints and the police department will investigate and find out.
“All the cases registered against the HNLC members should be dropped while the talks are ongoing and after the talks and signing of the soskular, the cases against them should be cleared.
Shillong, November 2: Three ASAK militants today surrendered to the police at Dadenggre, West Garo Hills.
However, the era of thurmur and tih lymmuh as before has passed.
Mawlai Police have charged Bah Lamare under sections 120B (criminal conspiracy), 121 (waging war against the Government of India), 121A (conspiring to conduct any offense punishable under Section 1210), and (conspires to commit any offense punishable under Section 1210).
Shillong, March 9: The Border Guard of Bangladesh (BGB) has helped its own people to set up shops even near the Mawthmu (Pillar) which is a symbol of ownership of land between the two countries are Bangladesh and India.
Furthermore, the Border Management Department of the Ministry of Home Affairs has taken up 992 projects in the North East, including Meghalaya under the Road & Bridges category, since 2014-1
Shillong, November 15: India and Bangladesh have agreed to increase the number of Border Haats on the India-Bangladesh border to improve the income of the people living in Bangladesh, Shillong, today said. “We have talked about increasing the number of Border Haats from 4 to 25,” he said.
“From employment to khadar rule, it has been given to others.
He said that the law enforcement agencies should not be biased at all, but even when they are in power, they are given the keys according to the will of those in charge.
The only advantage for Dasakhiat is that the people have experienced and know about the current and former MLA but they don't know and experience Dasakhiat because he is still new and maybe the people will I don't want to experience anything new this time.
He said that in the next 10 years, the department will try to set up 600 anganwadi centers and also to provide training to the children in these centers to prepare the children.
Teinwel is the UDP MDC from Shella while Latiplang Kharkongor is the MDC from Nongthymmai.
Referring to the allegation by James that the EC has wasted money on the celebration of the District Council Day, he said that it is just a joke to inform the CEM. This day is celebrated after 14 years because all the people have been celebrating this day.
If you ask many questions, you will be able to answer them.
In the third match, Maitsha phrang Mootyrshiah beat Khliehmyntdu Neinchnong 9-1
HM Shangpliang, Member of the Committee, said that the matter was raised through a Privilege Motion filed by former MLA John Leslee K Sangma against the article written by Patricia. which was handed over to the Speaker of the Dorbar, AT Mondal (at that time) for consideration.
Bah Kharraswau said that some vehicles have caused a lot of trouble especially to those who own shops and live along the road especially to the residents of Mawlai. It is like making a marten along the way to carry the garbage from the market and to drop it or break it on the road.
They fall under the Thadlaskein Development Block.
Perhaps, the VPP's permission to sit in the Opposition will allow it to spend more time with the people to explain the principles of work so that the path will be easier to walk when the next election season comes. The Lok Sabha and the Autonomous District Councils.
Donbok said this while meeting with the Deputy Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Pynshngain N.Syiem.
Guarav alleged that the BJP is trying to implement the strategy of the RSS and the people know the RSS's position to fight against other religions especially Christians.
The Sengbhalang has met directly with the Minister of Animal Husbandry, Bah AL Hek and submitted a petition expressing its opposition.
He said that the MTC at Khyndai Lad has opened many shops, hotels and offices and has produced lakhs of rupees per month.
They say, We have made a covenant with death and with hell. Isaiah 28:15-18 means that he will kill them. Soul.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah K Rynjah, M Warshong, DH Lymba, V Syiemlieh, B Thabah and Anidha Ch Marak 1st year GNM student. and he gave him a greeting.
“We Achiks have the right to get our share and if necessary, we will go to court to get a fair trial,” she said.
Cardinal Malcom Ranjith and the Archbishop of Colombo today held a mass from their homes in the presence of priests and priests and will broadcast it on TV to the public.
“This union should be like a council or a body that comes forward to bring the voice of the people to the government.
The road is 28 km long and has been funded by the World Bank at a cost of ₹63 crore 83 lakh,” said Nujor.
If the announcement comes to our state we will not listen to this and not only us and according to the National Education Policy (NEP) is to teach children in our mother tongue up to Class-V (Upper Primary). ) and the struggle of various ethnic groups to provide education up to Class-X and Class-XII has also continued,” said Dr. Nonglait.
The demand to update the NRC was first made by the AASU in
He said that from next month, new office bearers of the booths or units will be elected and from the first and second months, the office bearers of the mandal or constituency will be elected while the office bearers of the district will be elected from the second month. March until the second month of November and after that, the state office bearers will be elected in November.
These families also expressed their gratitude to the Dorbar Shnong which has promised that in the future if there is a need, the village is ready to continue to provide more assistance to the poor families. especially to those day laborers who do not have the opportunity to go to work.
Kerbinson Marweiñ (13 & 22) scored two goals while Ebenezer Sun (36), Kishan Wahlang (52) and Rishan Lyngkhoi (58) scored the other goals.
He said that there are MLAs who criticize the VPP and say that Prah will win without employees, but now the people have known their rights by winning with dignity.
In the letter, they requested the CEM to do this as soon as possible for the sake of the peace and benefit of the people.
He also informed about other development projects that have been brought about in the constituency such as roads, water supply, schools and others.
Shillong, Nailar 14: As usual every year, the HNLC has declared a curfew and warned that it will not be responsible for those who come and go on Independence Day.
What is the reason ? Do you have a great deal of trouble with this road as you can see in this picture ? This news has reached the white house, but the papers have been thrown into the cupboard.
Personally I have a hard time calling my wife “friend", because as a Christian I don't find that God or the Bible uses the word “friend" instead of “wife.
In this regard, the SRT has also informed the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma to take action on this issue.
On this occasion, it was written that the decision should be notified to the complainant, along with the information to the office of the President of the country.
There are 65 Polling Stations.
He said that the construction of the Traditional Cultural Center at Jingkieng Kalong in Ri Bhoi district has been suspended due to a court dispute.
It is true that your card has been lost, but your words have encouraged the people of Hynniewtrep, so do whatever you can for the children of Hynniewtrep. You have sacrificed your life for the sake of our country and nation because how many more decades you can live or serve but stand firm and don't give up because the people of Hynniewtrep trust anyone to work and lead the nation to the future for the good of our children.
Shillong: U Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui today appealed to all school principals, teachers, parents and students to be more prepared for the future and not to lose heart or to feel that all options have been exhausted.
Furthermore, there has been a lack of electricity supply and there have been times when the electricity supply has been too low to pump water from Mawphlang River to the Treatment Plant.
They wrote to the Registrar's office on 17th June for the meeting and the wife of the MLA arrived on that day, but the MLA did not arrive. .
“This is in accordance with the National Highway Standard where any company that operates any road has to look after for 3 or 4 years to repair it from its own plan if the road is damaged.
The prizes were awarded by the Rangbah Shnong of Mawsiatkhnam, Bah Shemphang Wahlang.
On the other hand, the leaders of HYC Ri-Bhoi, Bah Hercules Suting President and Bah Shemphang Masharing Secretary, said that such schools will be a great blessing if the government takes action and does exactly to complete them. The Residential School in Mawtari Myrdon has been abandoned for decades and has turned into a shelter. the spirit of the sañium.
In a statement, the General Secretary of JSU Mukhap Unit, Samla N.Sungoh, said that the inability to complete the bridge has hampered the development of the area. You can leave and come especially if you are sick.
The Sumo, which was coming from Nongchram, was carrying about 12 people in the vehicle and the driver of the vehicle overturned. .
He said he admits that he cannot perform according to their expectations, but if you look at his participation in parliament, it has exceeded the average in which he has raised many issues but he has never given. news, because he didn't want to put the trumpet on himself.
During the Meghalaya Games held in Shillong last year, many complaints were received especially when the athletes had to stay in dirty rooms, rooms without water and food.
The festival will be held for three days at the Khasi Heritage Village, Mawphlang.
Therefore, before expelling and relocating the residents of Bapli market whether now or in the future, the Khar motors should be removed immediately and the market vendors should be given land in the motor area so that they can get land. a place to live and sell, so that they may be free in their own land.
Therefore, the UHM hopes that the Director of DHS and the Health Department will take action on this issue.
A few years ago, there were more than 5,000 taxis operating in East Khasi Hills and now there are more than 6,000 taxis.
The most shocking thing of the day was Diego's goal in just 10 minutes where he struck the ball which left the Nangkiew goalkeeper unable to do anything.
When asked whether the HPC will rebuild the Dome, the Minister said the report has made it clear that if the HPC decides to rebuild the Dome, it should be stingy.
Furthermore, Bah Alos warned the visitors not to kill or kill these birds, and for the protection of these birds, the organization is working with the Wildlife Department and the Forest Department. and if found killing or killing these birds, they shall be punished severely according to the rules of law.
There will also be a selection for Zonal, National Body Building and Yoga.
“Bah Sanjied Kynsai Shangrit is the son of one of the Hills State fighters of Meghalaya.
However, we should not believe this unfounded statement of the Government because the report of the Government itself, such as the CAG report, clearly shows that the inability of the Government to issue Utilization Certificates to the Central Government is Another issue that we have to think about and take into consideration is the participation of the Shnongs or Dorbar Shnongs. The SSA scheme clearly states that Tribal Autonomous Councils or Dorbar Shnongs or other groups, which are established in accordance with the Act and participate in the implementation of schemes such as the SSA. It is unfortunate to say that until now in Meghalaya, especially within the Khasi Autonomous District Council, we don't have any rules of procedure for the Dorbar Shnongs. to enable us to participate fully.
KHNAM said that from time to time it has urged the government to ensure that the offices within the border of the state should give allocation or open opportunities to the youth first. without the state's employment.
Lyngkhoi, Lber 12: At the public service of the KJP Synod Sepngi held at Lyngkhoi Church today, both the Pastors who spoke and distributed the message at the service, Rev.Dr.BL Nongbri who Speaking at 10:30 pm and Rev.P.Hynñiewta who spoke at 1:30 pm, strongly condemned the distribution of money by candidates and parties in the last elections.
“95 percent of the residents of Tuberkmaishnong alone are still followers of the Khasi religion and there is no religious difference with other religious groups whether Presbyterian or Catholic or others.
He said that about 80% of the population lives in the rural areas so if the state wants to develop it must first start from the rural areas and all the areas in the state should develop together in all aspects.
I L PKA GOVERNMENT IN THE PAST DOES NOT UNDERSTAND THE WISH OF THE PEOPLE NOW GOVERNMENT DOES NOT UNDERSTAND WHO TO ELECT t The Vijay Hazare Trophy was won in Dehradun today.
( SDPRO, River).
KHNAM is deeply concerned that the KHADC has not done proper work on this issue and if it is in this form, it will encourage other groups to take over the task of searching for the presence of Khar. They demanded that the KHADC, under the leadership of Bah Shylla, should take action on this issue.
Thousands of people from the area attended the foundation stone laying ceremony held at the Songsak Football Ground.
Regarding the misunderstanding and misleading of the people that the two HSPDP MLAs have joined the NPP, it is not true.
Shillong, Lber 03 : The attempt by the Congress and Trinamool Congress to form a new government without the NPP and BJP has failed after several MLAs who should have been present in the elections the group did not return to the meeting.
However, there is also an order of the High Court dated 25th July
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad Sangma said that women too have equal rights and this is an example.
Shillong: The Kur Khonglam of Ri Khasi Jaintia Hills District has held a Kur Durbar on 10th June 2021 at Wahlyngkhat which is also the first village settled by the Kur Khonglam.
In an FIR lodged at New Tura Police Station, Bernard said that the stadium at Dakopgre, Tura was damaged by the earthquake on Friday morning.
Dhubri Police said the three were involved in the distribution of the demand letters in Manchachar.
The Government of India has also taken steps to promote innovation and provide resources to accelerate the availability of other opportunities across the country.
Don't you think that the leaders who have shaped the State since the separation from Assam are stupid? The slander and accusations against the leaders who have been legislators since 1972 after the independence of Meghalaya is unacceptable.
The prize money is T.3,00,000/- (three lakh rupees).
When asked whether he will attend the commemoration in Nongstoiñ, he said that if the time permits, he will attend.
We plant plants and use pesticides that are harmful to plants and the environment.
The welcome ceremony was attended by Bah KP Pangniang, President of the Youth Wing of the HSPDP, Bah PB Sylliang. One of the retired IAS officers, Bah CC Mihsil, has joined the party.
The two schools that have been opened are Morning Glory Secondary School and Oxford Secondary School in Ladrymbai.
To create a forum for the inclusion of all youth in the constituency.
Some of those who attended the feast said that it was exactly like the feast in the city.
KSU Mupyut led by President Stanly Dkhar and Secretary Yophi Khyriem in the presence of War Jaintia Circle leaders, President Laitphar Syngkrem and General Secretary Lurman B. Talang on the 8th of this month lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner. West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday morning.
The Chairman of the State Human Rights Commission said that most of the tasks entrusted to the Commission have not reached their goals because it does not have the power to punish those involved in human rights violations. man man.
The office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District has received information that there are many shops selling liquor in different villages in East Jaintia Hills District and especially along the National Highway Government to prevent the spread of COVID-1
The Chief Minister said that the coal owners according to the order of the Supreme Court should submit a mining plan to the Meghalaya government on the mining methods and this should also be approved by the coal mining committee. Government of India for the resumption of coal mining in the state.
There are nine continents in the world.
The following are the schedules and points scored by the teams in the Second and Third Divisions of this season.
In this regard, the District Election Officer, DC (Election) WJH has issued the following rules: It is prohibited to put up posters, banners, flags or write any writings about the any party in Govt buildings and within its boundaries.
The prizes for the winners are as follows: 1st Prize: 50,000/-, 2nd Prize: 30,000/-, 3rd Prize: 20,000/-.
In this regard, I would like to pay tribute to the founders of the newspapers, who despite the difficulties they face, publish one after another, to try as much as possible to preserve their own language through writings. such as news, articles, world news translated into the mother tongue and so on.
This shows that the VPP wants to express the party as a patriotic song.
We feel that our voice does not reach the ears of the government.
Ajit Pawar and eight of his NCP MLAs joined the Shiv Sena-Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) coalition government led by Eknath Shinde on November
The Trinamool Congress (TMC) party held a rally near Mawlangwir Health Square in South West Khasi Hills today.
Major General Asif Ghafoor, Director General of Inter-Services Public Relations, said that the troops immediately dropped the bombs, which fell near Balakot, but nothing happened. absolutely no loss of damage.
There are those who know the truth, and there are those who know the truth.
The Trinamool Congress (TMC) on Tuesday said that Amit Shah, the Union Minister in charge of Home Affairs, has confirmed that the BJP will continue to grow. Furthermore, regarding the implementation of the Lakhsmir Bhandar scheme, about `.100 which is a discrimination against the women of West Bengal.
Sadon said the statement of the Minister of Home Affairs has already confirmed the statement of the Prime Minister who admitted that he has received a letter from the Joint Secretary to the Home Ministry that he cannot implementation of ILP in the state.
We expect the MDA 2.0 government to look into this and not rely solely on projects that require rainwater.
It is alleged that the courage of the people to commit illegal activities in the area is due to the lack of action by the state government to protect the villages in the border area from the attacks in Assam.
The leaders of these two parties; Lawyerson War and Mewot Suchiang expressed their surprise that the interview scheduled to be held at the MDC hostel was postponed to Khliehtyrshi Secondary School within 10 hours. Then the leaders of these two parties came to Khliehtyrshi.
However, the government has not taken action on this either,” said the court.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) will contest from all 60 constituencies in the elections to be held on 27th June
If the ILP land is in Khanapara, Byrni or Ratacherra, the government officials who are there will issue it after completing the answers.
She said that on 11.05.2022, the Seng leaders had tried to meet the office of the Chief Minister and submitted a letter of request for talks, but until now there is no response from the Prime Minister.
The ceremony will be held in front of Mot Kiang Nangbah near the Civil Hospital, Shillong at 11 am.
The Minister also informed that he will also hold a review meeting on the anganwadi centers which have already been established across the state in April.
In a statement, President Leoferdinand Suïam also warned these student organizations not to intimidate our fellow students living in the border areas with Assam. The HNYM will not hesitate to respond if they really want to bring about the ethnic war as stated by the KSA leaders to do in Manipur.
Professor in the Commerce Department.
On the issue of improving health in the state.
Speaking in front of thousands of people at the meeting in Laitkor, Shylla said that he has spoken to Pynshngaiñ in private whether he will hand over the remaining T.1.88 crore. He said that Bah Pynshngaiñ has replied to him by saying “You will get” and the people have applauded. Nongkrem constituency will receive the same share of T.3 crore as other MDCs. Pynshngaiñ said that he has not promised but he will do what he wants. He will also think for the Nongkrem constituency.
Thus, counting yesterday and today, 9 factories have been destroyed in two days.
Many residents of the village came to listen to the explanation from their leader especially regarding the development works he has done in the last five years as a leader.
It is true that this sector needs to be strengthened and even the government has set aside the Ministry of Arts & Culture for this purpose, but as it is now, the love of the youth for their culture It is still very low compared to other ethnic groups in the North East.
Those who attended the meeting included Bah D.Kharshandi, Chairman of the Union of Phra Shnongs and the Rangbah Shnongs of these Phra Shnongs.
An understanding came to him that it was only by signing that the deaf and dumb could communicate.
Nartiang is the village in Jaintia Hills which celebrates Durga Puja and this has been inherited since the reign of the Syiem of Jaintia.
Similarly, during the rakot epidemic, people stay in their homes, because those who go outside are caught alive and eaten by the rakot.
He said that Meghalaya is a state which is struggling to develop, in this regard almost all the government departments are still in trouble because this is not yet to be resolved. ways and means to make arrangements for the smooth running of the work.
The drama started at about 11 pm, after the Question Hour and after the Lamphang announced that he cannot accept the adjournment motion brought by the opposition because of the The resolution moved by Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit and the question moved by NPP MLA James K Sangma were approved. Paul Lyngdoh (UDP) urged the Lamphang to accept the adjournment motion because the discussion will not be on what will happen, but on what has already happened in the State. He said that this needs to be discussed in the House.
The electricity bill for tower companies is until November 30,
He said that at that time there was a man named Bah MS Ryntong who witnessed these conversations. “I humbly request and urge Bah Wallambok Dkhar to Therefore, I don't want to be angry or misunderstand the biria, because it appears stupid in this bright age, from the biria bangja thad to the newspapers, think and establish yourselves you the people. “I don't know what to do,” said Bah Witting Mawsor.
“It can be mentioned here that some NGOs or private individuals have misunderstood my speech, which I didn't even say. This can also be verified through the Shillong Mail and T7 News Channel.
The allegation by this man that the BSF troops threatened to shoot him and throw him away is groundless and misleading against the BSF troops. people living near the border areas.
Without discussing this, we have written clearly in the petition that the Government of Meghalaya has the Notification of 1876 and other Notifications of “We have issued all the notifications to state that the land that has been confiscated is Khasi land,” he said.
The Old Testament says, “And ye shall count unto you from to morrow after the sabbath.
After becoming friends, Galvin offered to send her a $50,000 gift and a few days later, she received a telephone call from the Customs office saying that her luggage had arrived. from the UK and that you are selling it to pay Customs duties.
In the middle of the night, Panah gave Rida a piece of bread.
However, they said that even if the government increases the budget, it will not be useful, because as the days go by, the price of raw materials such as dewbilat, nar rod, mawria, shyiap and others is increasing. price.
For example, in our village I think there are not less than 10-15 people infected with this disease but until now I have not heard of such a thought to test naphang.
“One evening, he gave me a drink and after that, he took me into the car and took me into the hotel and took off my jeans and when I tried to shout, he grabbed my mouth.
I also have this short message for you dear readers.
“It is estimated that 83 children died at Sri Krishna Medical College and Hospital (SKMCH), while 17 others died at Kejriwal Hospital in Patna.
Furthermore, prizes were awarded to the winners of the marathon held on 13th July, 2022 and to the participants in the Cultural Items.
He said they were a bad sign for the country and their religion.
“All the passengers who arrived were survivors.
(5) The Premier also promised to expedite the construction of Dawki, Muktapur, Phali Bazar and Shella roads.
They also discussed the problems faced by the farmers especially in getting seeds and the ways and means how to improve the quality of indigenous seeds in their villages.
The District Magistrate has issued this order after receiving a report from the Block Development Officer, Mawkynrew C&RD Block and the Medical Officer in charge of Jongksha PHC that there are no cases of COVID-19 in Jongksha PHC. people in these villages, without following the rules and regulations of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Then even the beautiful living things become extinct, because they cannot withstand the fire and smoke.
Babu Mayborn also praised the salary increase during the time of Dr Mukul Sangma's government, when the Congress government was in power. The salary of ad-hoc teachers is 100%,” said Mr. Mayborn.
A Chinese proverb says, “If you want happiness for a lifetime, help somebody”.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, has tested positive for COVID-19 after returning from New Delhi.
The ID card costs T.100,” said SWSRJ President Army Lypon.
The Indian Catholic Youth Movement (ICYM-JD) of the Diocese of Jowai Diocese (ICYM-JD) has been established since 9th June, The Jowai Diocese Catholic Youth Movement (JDCYM) will be called.
Hoping admitted that he had no knowledge of the expulsion of Fenela while the HSPDP WKH admitted that it had already informed Hoping about the expulsion. .
HM Shangpliang on Tuesday personally led the officers of the Water Resources Department including ML Lawai, EE, L Suting SE Shillong City and WL Nari SDO. to inspect the condition of these two villages.
This was announced by the President of the country.
Kuldip Saini urged the Meghalaya government to educate the people on the land and the urgent need for clear signage along the Bangladesh-India border.
The VPP's introduction in the last Assembly of the Reservation Policy and Roster System according to the decision of the Meghalaya High Court has once again revived the issue. This is a major issue that affects the employment of the youth of Khasi-Jaintia.
It is to be recalled that on the 7th of November, 1965, UNESCO declared this day (8th November) to be the day to commemorate the importance of literacy.
Shillong: The Central Executive Council of the Hynniewtrep Movement (UHC) today welcomed the two new members of the party at its headquarters, Law U Sib at 4:30 pm. Samla Rangbah, former MIPF Leader Samla Donbok AV Khongsit and Samla Freddy Kurbah, Leader of the KJLU. These young Rangbah have expressed their desire to join the UHM on many grounds.
"“For our part, tomorrow they will start the construction of the well and we will fight as much as possible to complete it as soon as possible so that they can drop the niut inside and it will be less. you're right.
Commenting on the attitude of the Ministers, Babu Mayborn said, “Because they (Government Ministers) sitting there (at the Secretariat) don't know anything about what is happening here.
We also provide support for rainforest protection through local communities.
Speaking on the preparations for the elections, Babeeta Sharma said that she has strong hope that the Congress will come to power under the leadership of Bah Vincent Pala as President. “The party and the lack of government has been saved only by the tyrsim ïong,” she said.
These patients are tobacco users and only by abandoning the use of tobacco will we see that there will be fewer patients who will be treated.
It is to be recalled that the Confederation in the past years has organized many festivals and the aim is to bring about unity and cooperation from all the Shnongs, Raids and Himas from the part of preserving the culture and traditions of others.
After this, the two organizations lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, on 27th July 2019 and urged him to take action against the department. the authority of the law to suspend the license of Smt.
In connection with the incident, police have taken the suspect for further investigation and charged him under the NDPS Act.
Several parties have decided to hold the protest, including the Bharti Kisan Union (Krantikari); Agricultural Union; Recruitment Farmers Union (One Harvest); BKU (Lakhowal); BKU (Bodies); BKU (Sidhupur); BKU (Doaba) and BKU (Dakunda), said a statement from Darshan Pal, President of Krantikari Kisan Union.
“We are very grateful to Stephen Constantine for his service to the club over the years.
Thus, with the courage of the country, many rangsatar and patriots came out of the country, which we have known in those years how many times they have endured the hardships, the hardships, the dangers and injuries, the loss of sleep. dem, especially from 1829 onwards to 1831 when there was a struggle against the British government by war, and in this area of ​​ours many heroes who came forward to preserve the glory of the The Sohbar, Mawmluh, Mawsmai, Wahlang, Laitkynsew, Shella and other villages along with the heroes of the country, namely Tirot Singh, Bor Manik, Olar, Songao, Mon Bhut , Moken Singh and others who cannot be named at present.
“The present government is delaying the sale of coal according to the NGT rules because it wants to make a profit for itself,” he said.
“The allegation against me is false, unfounded and untrue,” said the VPP leader in a complaint lodged at Sadar police station.
The Table Tennis Coaching Camp has been held since 28th June,
Start by setting an example to other states of India that we are indeed the 'Scotland of the East' as the French have called it since ancient times.
“It doesn't mean that we forget, we get sleep but we don't work on one thing but we look after everything,” he said.
Besides terrorism, the meeting also discussed other issues such as smuggling across the border of the two countries and others.
Wow think carefully when you don't have the strength of the land.
On the other hand, the Project Director of MACS, Dr B. Decruse together with Bah Ajoy M. Lanong, Deputy Director (Mainstreaming), said that there will be about 126 events at the Red Fest. districts in the North East will participate along with various musical groups from within the state and abroad as well.
However, the government is still trying to create financial assistance to private colleges and for that reason, in the last three years, 21 private colleges have been converted into people's. college.
Divya Gupta, one of the handmaids, said that if a child is born on that day, it helps to promote the children, as it will be a special day.
So far, the death toll has risen to 2,100 and 74,000 others have been infected.
The most important thing is that they don't use drugs.
When it comes to mental health problems such as anxiety, depression, all these can affect everyone and it doesn't distinguish between big or small or the appearance of behavior. women and men among others.
We adhoc teachers have been treated too harshly.
The Supreme Court has filed a Public Interest Litigation.
Pilot acknowledged that the Congress, which has ruled the state for many years, has always fulfilled and implemented its promises and said that the new party under the leadership of Bah Vincent Pala will bring about good governance in the state.
“If Bah AL Hek and others say that the BJP is anti-Christian, then why do you want to join the BJP,” asked Bah Sanbor.
Heavy rain and strong winds on the 27th-28th have damaged a house and electricity posts in parts of Eastern West Khasi Hills.
The purpose of this is to provide educational information especially to the students on the dangers of climate change and to prevent the flooding of these rivers which happens every year.
In his speech, Bah P.Wanniang, Secretary, Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA) said that as a youngster and as an athlete, you should be disciplined. In all these matters, especially when he is away from his home, community and when he is at the training ground at the TATA Archery Academy, he shall be obedient, respectful and humble at all times.
Shillong: U Vincent Pala, President of the MPCC, on Tuesday said that he does not want the Congress to join any party in He said he didn't want the party to win the election.
Meanwhile, the government has found it difficult to take a final decision on where to give the vote and the reason is that there has been a strong opposition from both the Congress leaders, Bah AL Hek MLA. He wanted to take it to Mawpat while PT Sawkmie MDC wanted to take it to Mawlai.
There are a lot of people who rely solely on imported goods even for their daily activities.
Many people complain that our leaders seem to be more intelligent and more respected than the people to speak than the way our leaders speak and campaign.
This road is also a road where the residents of dozens of villages have to travel by motorcycles and the most worrying thing is that for the school children and especially in case of illness and Poor women have found it difficult to pass through this bad road.
However, the sad and shocking thing is that when it was announced that he had contracted Corona, many people criticized and accused him.
However, one of the problems raised by the Mawkynrew MDC is that the KHADC does not have enough funds. “We will do our best to seek assistance from the government like DoNER, Central Council of Indian Medicine and others. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” he said. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate.
Education should also be based on place or nature whether it is in terms of culture, heritage, place and others,” he said.
Today 30th November 2013, a medical treatment was held at Amlanai village under Eleka Satpator of Amlarem block. Doctors from Pdengshakap PHC came to assist. Dr. P. Lamare from Pdengshakap PHC and Nurse Patricia Myrchiang from Pdengshakap PHC were also present. Dr. P.Lamare from Pdengshakap PHC. The welcome speech was given by H.Buam and the meeting was conducted by T.Tongper. More than 50 patients have come to receive treatment in their village.
During these years, the Mowkaiaw area has contributed a lot in all aspects which I have not mentioned here.
“Is the state ruled by the DGP of Meghalaya? Isn't this the need of the people when a Police Officer was killed at his residence which is a Police Outpost just hours after he seized 32 police officers. The trucks carry illegal coal,” said Agnes.
Only those who benefit and benefit are those who sit in power while the people become increasingly poor and suffering.
Glenmark Pharmaceuticals was founded in 1977 by Gracias Saldanha as part of the manufacture of pharmaceuticals and has its headquarters in Mumbai, Maharashtra.
After that, he turned off his mobile phone and no one could find him.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: The Lieutenant Governor of Delhi, Najeeb Jung, has ordered three Municipal departments to conduct a campaign at a government hospital in Delhi. across the country to understand the need to eradicate and breed dogs.
Ray (22), Nirmal Deb (29), Bima Rabha (36) and Gobind Deb (19).
Samla Nikelson Bina scored the first goal for Meghalaya in the 45+3 minutes of the first half.
The state government through the District Council Affairs Department has sent the Governor's request to the KHADC to clarify the complaints of many on the inadequacy of the Bill.
There will be these MLAs who will now join other parties according to their own political calculation.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that the Government had planned to build new buildings of the Soso Tham Auditorium in the past few years but it has not been able to do so due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
He said Meghalaya borders with Assam and Bangladesh, where illegal immigration is increasing every day.
The meeting was attended by the Additional Chief Engineer, Bah RS Nongbri, Executive Engineers and engineers from Greater Shillong Water Supply, Electrical and other divisions.
On this basis, the leaders of the party have sent a letter to the office of the Chief Secretary for not being able to meet him.
The PMGSY-III was launched in 2019 to cover an additional 1,25,000 Km through roads and connectivity between settlements, ie Gramin agricultural markets, Higher Secondary Schools and Hospitals.
We also know that it was in 1949 that the Khasi States Constitution Making Dorbar was formed and in this Dorbar the future of the Khasi Hills was discussed.
The Union also said that the dealers and transporters have not received the Central Govt.
However, if they have been on strike for the past two months, it is time for the 12 Ministers of the State Government to resume their duties, because it cannot be that I will hide myself in my own house; but it is necessary for us to create the means and conditions for the poor, so that the poor can earn a living and as many have said, we have to go forward in search of our own. even if we have to keep pace with the corona virus.
Before the meeting, a 10 minute silence was held in memory of Bah Hoping and other leaders of the Kur Lyngdoh Nonglait.
Even the Master in Public Health (MPH) institutions are very scarce and the survey found that out of 105 MPH institutions in India, there are only 4 institutions in the North East. typically.
The infection of Bharat Biotech employees has shocked many and questions have arisen from the company and one of the questioners, said, “How can it be that up to 50 employees employees, will they get the virus? Haven't they injected themselves yet?".
Please synrop and forgive me if there are any shortcomings, mistakes and other shortcomings in writing and publishing this.
He also explained that during off-peak hours or during the peak hours of electricity consumption, water will be taken which may require electricity, the price may increase while access to electricity at times of need will be an advantage.
Panah said, “Why are you?
Seiñ Kynjei FC beat LMK FC 3-0 on the opening day of the 7th Aside Knock Out Football Tournament organized by the Sports & Games Committee of Panaliar Village on Saturday.
“The unions were forced to call strikes because the government was not ready to call for talks.
There is a demand from various groups to take up the issue in the upcoming session of Parliament and that is to change the name of India to Bharat.
Bichar Lamare was named Man of the Match for 24 runs and took two wickets.
In the second half, Sohmynting Dongnein beat Umshangiar 1-0
Furthermore, the roof of this statue is the sleeping place of those who have been shot.
However, Luizinho Faleiro, General Secretary of the Congress party in charge of the state, denied that there was such a dispute within the Congress party and said that he has not yet received any information. heard and did not receive any information that there was such a conflict to change leaders.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 83863 out of which 82042 have recovered and 1458 have died.
The second is Human Development such as the availability of adequate schools, adequate health care and others.
Conrad K Sangma said on Twitter that the workers are working hard to clean up the damaged part of the building so that the construction of the House can continue. .
All the speakers on this occasion, recalled the great deeds of this leader and also his characteristics.
In reply, Riatsamthiah scored 153 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 29.3 overs.
The Archbishop said that in the past months, everyone has prayed for peace in the world and in a special way for Manipur.
When asked about the price difference between these sohmrit, Das said that the wild sohmrit is more expensive because it is used to make medicines while the edible sohmrit is used only for food.
Kushal Subba scored 24 runs while Md Wahid took 2/11 and Aminuddin took two wickets.
Moscow has vowed to send Western weapons into Ukraine.
Therefore, they now need markets, transportation, seeds and assistance from the government to supply water to their farms.
Kharkongor started working for NEEPCO in 1993 and was appointed as Director (Finance) of NEEPCO from 19-08-2
Dr.D.D.Lapang, MLA of this constituency, said that there has never been such a meeting in the middle of the country. in my place.
Kong B.Blah Additional Deputy Commissioner cum BDO Thadlaskeiñ C&RD Block- 9612777527.
Others who took part in the discussion and expressed their concern over the impact of the increase in the price of food items were Bah PT Sawkmie, MLA Mawlai, Lyngdoh, MLA Shillong East, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, MLA. Village.
Five candidates from the Congress party have registered for the MDC election from Nongshken Constituency, and out of these five candidates, the Congress has not been able to decide who will be nominated. The election will be held on the 10th of this month.
Heavy rainfall will also occur in some parts of the state.
The Deputy Chief Minister has been so angry that he has sent Dr Mukul Sangma to contest the election from Pynursla constituency.
The REC Company and PFC have set conditions for the state government and MeECL to receive the loan, having already received the first tranche of the loan, while the second tranche of These companies have set the conditions and one is that the state government will provide 100% of its share of funds to repay the loan of T.2000 crore in years, the government has not been able to distribute this to MeECL and these companies.
Let us decide together to reject the political parties that support and collaborate with the religious groups who want to turn independent India into a Hindu country,” said Bah Pyrtuh in a statement sent to the media in Lah. Sunday is today.
On the other hand, the Chairman of the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MEC) said that the electricity demand of the state is about 200 million units per month while the capacity of electricity is only 88 units.
All the four persons arrested and the two shakas and vehicles seized have been handed over to the Dimapur sub-urban police station for further investigation. .
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 25: Three political parties in the 36-Mawkyrwat Constituency on Tuesday held a public meeting before the end of the campaign hours. A public meeting was held at Mawkyrwat Market, South West Khasi Hills District to campaign for the election and to inform the people of the party's plans for the future if they win the MLA election
“Even after I lost, I have not stopped working for the people of my constituency because I want to serve.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Hill Circle, led by Samla Rangbah Jembis Khongiong and Asst Secretary Samla Ededisuk, today held a meeting with the Incharge of HYC Jaintia Hills. The HYC Central Executive Committee (HYC) has held a special meeting with the managers and supervisors of Bakur Dawki Market, after receiving information about the illegal entry of Khar. Bangladesh does not have a right to trade in Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Those who saw the incident called out to the suspect to get down but he turned away from the crowd but later police came to arrest the suspect and took him to Civil Hospital, Shillong. to be tested and found to be mentally retarded.
Byforcestar also took two wickets while Carefully Gassah took three wickets and Kitbooklang Lyngdoh took two wickets.
KSU WJHDU President Laitphar Syngkrem, General Secretary Lenninard Tariang and others were present at the closing ceremony.
The BDO urged the students to have a goal and to avoid having children as this will affect them.
In the past few days, the CoMSO has met with Ministers, Leaders of the parties in the government and also with the MLAs in the opposition.
Former MDC Nongpoh and Congress Leader Rona Khymdeit, Working President of UDP State Level and President of Ri Bhoi District Bah. Donbok Khymdeit and others.
The Dorbar Shnong has requested the DC to take action to talk to the Assam Government to relocate the Assam Police/Battalion Camp from this area in order to bring peace and order in the village and especially in the area. The farmers who cultivate crops in this area to avoid any conflict and tragic incidents.
This can lead to disharmony in the home.
The CEM of KHADC said that the full budget of the Council for the year 2014-2015 will be presented in the next dorbar.
Russia has also shelled Ukrainian industrial cities such as Kostyantynivka and Kramatorsk, in the Donetsk region.
The Chief Justice, Mohammad Yaqoob Mir, while taking the verdict, said that the police investigating the incident, Bah Gilbert AL Marshillong (MPS), has submitted his report on the incident. The report of the Central Forensic Science Laboratory has been released.
Johnson also has a goal of running for president of the United States.
The passing away of Father Stan Swamy has not only saddened and saddened, but has angered the souls of the people of the country.
One of the foreigners who was selling jhur at the Basa, on seeing the Enforcement Police, called a Khasi woman and when attempted to investigate, the woman admitted that she was selling jhur at the Basa. I have opened this shop in this foreign country.
Shillong, Nailar 4: BSF troops have seized 29 cows worth T.5.5 lakh from Tuka and in another incident, 24 cows worth T.4.9 lakh from Nayabazar. a message released by the Border Patrol.
The program has been a success, as the people have struggled to follow the rules and perhaps until today almost all the households in West Khasi Hills have tried to provide toilets.
Up to 400 boxes were made in these tombs and each box was placed only for one family.
He said that 16 schools in Mylliem Block have not been able to send their requirements to the office.
It is worth mentioning that various political parties have opposed the construction of the railway line in the State while there is no law to curb the illegal entry of foreigners into the State.
Deiwi Tongper, from Umkiang, said, “I support the UDP candidate, Bah Sitlang Pale, I have joined the NPP for three years. The NPP government led by the Sangma Brothers, Conrad Sangma and James Sangma, has ignored our people and has never listened to our demands. Pale, allow the party to rule alone and then we will get our demands and there will be hope for our small nation,” said Marshall Biam. Level?, it is the NPP led by Conrad Sangma, it takes money from the people to contest elections and this party is founded in Garo, think twice people,” he said. NPP said that “the NPP candidate who dominates the poor, in jobs, who doesn't care about the parents, who doesn't care about the society, who feels for me and has come While this road has been fought for by the people, the foundation stones also have the name of the candidate, Bah Shitlang Pale. He appealed to the people to think far and support the UDP candidate, Bah Shitlang Pale.
Such a leader should no longer be trusted, once you can deceive your friends but twice you cannot deceive.
Shillong: St. Edmund's College has signed a social agreement with Numaligarh Refinery Limited (NRL) on 10th November, 2021 to investigate how to treat surrounding oil spills. .
These fertilizers should have the names Bharat Brand FOM, LFOM and PROM. On the one hand, this will solve the problem of using surplus agricultural products and the problems caused by Parali burning , and will also help to clean up the environment and bring about environmental peace along with creating another source of income for farmers.
Police are conducting a thorough investigation into the incident.
Kareena, who will play the role of Black Widow in Marvel's Hindi film, is happy to be part of Hollywood.
“The employees of MCCL have had to send their children to school because they have not received their salaries for many months,” said the UDP.
The Government has approved an allocation of T.146.79 crore for the construction of the Four-lane Road and also for the conversion of the Two-Lane Road into a Four-Lane Road.
Jongksha SC opened the scoring through Jorboklang Khongngi in the 45th minute but Nongkrem SC responded through Iumeda Mawroh in the 60th minute.
On the occasion, SNSBH President Dr Werlok Kharshiing, General Secretary RL Blah, JL Khongshei Assistant Secretary and Executive Member Khrawbuit Ryntathiang explained the VAB. Laws, Government Service Conduct Rules and others and there was also a discussion on how to bring about the unity of the Dorbar Shnongs in Rilum Khasi Jaintia with the main objective of maintaining the customs and traditions especially in the administration. Khadar as established by the ancients by establishing on four pillars the highest Dorbar Hima, the Dorbar Raid and the Dorbar Shnong whose origins come from the Dorbar Longsem and the Dorbar Kur.
Expressing her disagreement with Bah Nujorki who said that the health facilities in the area are very poor, the Minister said that it is necessary to visit and inspect these health centres. the snow and the snow.
Meghalaya, which came second last year, has lost the chance to reach the quarter final this time.
The college expresses its gratitude to Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports for his assistance and continued support.
The group of traders said that the construction of this road is ongoing, but the company which is constructing the road has left the work halfway through, without being able to complete it.
As we all know, East Jaintia Hills District is currently in the process of developing tourism where the District Mineral Funding Trust, Basin, Fisheries Department and other departments have implemented many projects. major projects in the villages to promote tourism in the district, it is expected that the Tourism Department will also take part in the promotion of tourism in the district.
The KSU has strongly criticized that if there is a positive case in South West Khasi Hills District and parts of Mawsynram Block, just for the sake of allowing free entry and exit of foreigners, the government and district authorities will not allow the entry and exit of foreigners. KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) General Secretary Jiedskhem Nongsiej said that the KSU South West Khasi Hills District should take responsibility for the illegal activities and permission to enter the area especially at such times.
Speaking at the meeting, he said that the youth from the rural areas cannot compete with those who study in public schools or in urban areas. enough shadong.
Shillong, June 08: Donbor Rumnong will represent the State in the Mr Universe India exhibition which will be held from 15th to 17th June 2022 in Pune.
“We have discussed with the NTA to release CUET for those students who have not yet had the opportunity to register especially from rural areas, and to allow students to take CUET due to lack of management,” he said. , said Rakkam.
Yadav and Teli also explained to them about the insurance schemes related to accidents and the benefits of registering on the portal.
In this regard, opportunities such as exemption from certain taxes, receipt of food allowances and reservations for election candidates have been used as tools and upliftment for this backward group.
States that failed to meet these reforms in 2021-22 could benefit from additional borrowing reserved for 2022-23, provided they come up with these amendments in the current financial year.
Another Christian, Shivpal, from Fatehpur in Uttar Pradesh, confirmed that the state police have arrested people on charges of converting others to Christianity. even.
Guwahati, Jymmang 04: “The North East is India's gateway to South-East Asia and other countries,” said Indian President Ram Nath Kovind while speaking as the chief guest at the closing ceremony of the The North East Festival was organized by the DoNER as part of the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav in Guwahati, Assam on Tuesday.
It is due to the lack of Block Office that all the villages are lagging behind from the supply of drinking water to the supply of electricity.
From the Social Welfare, she has given pensions to 4 elderly people and those who have lost their husbands.
Therefore, in this regard, the union will also lodge a complaint with the higher authorities, to get clarification on the continuation of these Nepalis to live in the MIDC area, even after being evicted. and destroyed their homes, he added.
Before planting trees, Bah Chyne said that the students should be teachers to others.
Shillong, Nailar 28 : The Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills, Meghalaya and Kamrup, Assam on Monday decided to jointly inspect the villages and areas in Langpih Sector after the end of the Dorbar Synrai of all. two states.
This is a serious job.
The FKJGP Upper Shillong and the village authorities of Upper Shillong have strongly opposed the allegation that the government intends to allocate land to the army.
According to the story (the old story of the Tyngnger people) by our friend I (Late) Rojorai Lyngdoh I said that the MANE Presbyterian Church which is still standing today in Rynghaw (Pynshna) was built with the money. (B) In my childhood, we remember that the price of Sohniamta was 8 (phra) tyngka. ten rupees (1/8).
He too was worried now but he tried to comfort her.
The lockdown has been extended until
The speakers informed about Shynrai Lakadong which is one of the best products and which is now sold well all over the world and through the existence of the Lakadong Mission it will continue to help the farmers to cultivate better. he.
Speaking to many school children from Raitong, they said that in fact from Raitong to Umsning is not far away, as it is only 10 KM away and it is easy for them to drive from Raitong. Umsning, in order to reduce the cost of living, but due to the poor condition of the road, many school children do not reach school on time. There are also children who cannot go to school.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Conrad said that the youth in the state have received support from the government through “Yess Meghalaya” for the purpose of setting up various jobs and also to to explain and empower the youth.
Sports or gatherings, which can gather people, have not been allowed yet.
Since ancient times, the Behdieñkhlam festival has been led by the Pa Daloi, who is the Chief of the Elaka or Raij of the Muluk.
On the other hand, the former President of NEHUTA, Prof. Xavier P. Mao said that the duty of the Government should immediately is to look after those residents who have fled and urged the authorities to They should stop working underground completely to incite and set fire to society.
Two months later, Pynkhreh Surong disappeared with a Mahindra Pick Up. On the morning of 22nd October, his family received information that Pynkhreh had been killed.
Sahbor Lyngdoh Marshilong Secretary of the Kur said that since the murder of the woman, the office bearers of the Kur have met with the District Police Chief and requested them to take action. , to search for those involved in this terrible crime and if arrested, they should be punished according to the law.
Overall disease control and development of IPM for Khaw and Jhur ki Jhep belonging to the people of Meghalaya and others.
Shillong, Naitung 31: Heavy rainfall is expected in parts of eastern Odisha and Meghalaya including parts of the North East on the 1st and 5th July, 2015; This was informed by Dr.Ranjeet Singh, Scientist ‘E’ National Wea ther Forecasting Centre, India Meteorological Department, Ministry of Earth Sciences.
Anders Holch Povlsen and his wife.
“We have talked from time to time about the danger of unclean marriage, but let us start from the beginning, and let us take a strong stand that those who are unclean should be deprived of their rights as Khasi, and the ST should also be abolished,” said Adilbert Nongrum.
The decision today, decided to issue a Presidential Order, in which the salary cut will be 30 percent, starting from 1st June 2020, starting from 1st June 2020 and the salary cut will be work for a whole year.
Don't increase it if you don't work and shet lade your children.
It is learned that at the time of the cut of the wire bording in the thwei, there were no people in the area and some of those who saw the incident found the dead fish in the river.
It is learned that the vehicle was parked in front of the residence of the driver of the vehicle, Bah Treibor Chyne and the robbers set fire to the vehicle which was parked along the road.
The loss of salary of the employees of JHADC for 7 months, who will be blamed, the MLA/State Government/MDC? Has the JHADC done anything about the land, the customs and traditions of our people? Does the JHADC know about your border? The JHADC has nothing to do with the trade in the country.
The six senior leaders of the UDP Pynursla Circle who have resigned are Samuel Khongbuh, Secretary Tarni Khonglam, two Vice Presidents Overness Masynting and Kimsingh Khongkliam and two others. Members of the Executive Committee were Mr. Aming Khongngai and Mrs. Joy Khongwieng.
Participants also agreed to cooperate with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in order to achieve victory in the fight against TB in the State.
The two-day tournament was held on the 28th and 29th of November in the senior, junior and sub-junior categories for men and women.
HYDERABAD: BJP Home Minister Amit Shah today said at a party meeting in Hyderabad that the party's executive committee will The BJP will rule India for the next 30 to 40 years and he said India will become the strongest power in the world.
He said that North Korea has been firing slowly without listening to the warnings of neighboring countries and this action of North Korea has caused damage to its neighbors due to the insecurity of these countries. North Korea has not launched a nuclear weapon in recent days.
Referring to the government's commitment to education, the Minister said that the process of renovating, renovating and rebuilding more than 2500 LP and UP Schools in these years is ongoing.
This was announced at a program held at the Conference Hall of Nongstoin College, Nongpyndeng, Nongstoin today.
On the other hand, CM Conrad Sangma also stressed on the need for various educational opportunities and expressed the government's intention to open up the same opportunities in various fields of activity.
“Now there are some Panchayats which have been established individually and if they have any connection with the government, they will be punished. recognize it as the village authority,” said Robert.
He informed that the Department has received the reports from the DCs and on the basis of these reports and documents submitted, the Department has issued the MBBS scholarship on 31st July, 2023 and after seats from the central pool, the allocation of seats will be renewed on 4th November
According to information received, the stone fell from a hill where there is a quarry and fell straight from the house of a person named Durga Pourl.
From then on, I will continue to support Bah Ganold, without talking about party, but in the name of his body.
Lumpyrtuh Primary Unit beat 7 Pillars (Iawmusiang-Khimmusniang CMC) 1-0 to win the title of the Catholic Invitation Football Tournament organized by the Mihmyntdu Catholic Council on Saturday. Jowai Central MDC Andrew Shullai in the presence of Chief Guest Ma Rana Lakiang, Fr ​​Ferdinand Dkhar, Diocesan Administrator of Jowai Diocese and other leaders of the Mihmyntdu Catholic Church.
Without development works, the people are like people who are still in darkness and live in deserts.
These are only the beginning of the troubles 24:8.
If you teach a five-year-old child to plant trees every year in these forests during the tree planting season, and if you teach children not to cut down trees even if they have a knife in their hands, at the age of 15, their minds are filled with love for nature.
It was from that time that foreigners started to know about the existence of many local tourists and foreign tourists who came to Kongthong since 2004 until now to witness and listen to them. Many residents of Kongthong have taken part in spreading this song Iawbei to those who want to know and hear it. This song is sung when foreigners send it.
“This collection of taxes has affected the people especially the notification by the State Government that all vehicles passing through the Tollgate should not have Fastag and this has caused confusion among the people especially. KSU President Ohibait Dkhar said that the Fastags will not be available.
In the Rural Districts of Meghalaya for the mining of coal on private land or village land, it is not the State Government that will grant mining lease under Chapter V of the Rules, 1960, but the private owner. , the village owner of the land, who are also the owners of the mineral resource, who shall issue this permit to mine coal in accordance with the provisions of Chapter V of the Rules, from the Central Government through the State Government.
The Congress has set a deadline of 15 days for the sale of forms from 31st to 15th July. The application fee is T.20,0 It is estimated that the Congress has spent more than T.20 lakh on the forms.
Eight of the deaths were from East Khasi Hills District: 04, one from East Jaintia Hills, one from Ri Bhoi, one from South West Garo Hills and one from West Khasi Hills.
Mumbai: Heavy rains have hit Maharashtra today, causing heavy rains to shatter mountains and rivers, killing 71 people. people.
Swell that the people became the owners of the coal when the Central Government decided to take it away.
On this occasion, the Minister of Home Affairs, Ma L Rymbui, said that the police department has sent patrols to the police, but it is not known whether the blast will happen in the area. happened in the last few days).
Often, even if, those simple steps are sufficient to deal with the disease:* Avoid foods that aggravate the disease: Fatty foods, sweet foods or foods that are chocolate, rynsun, piat, kiad and caffeine are the foods that should be avoided if you have suffering from poor digestion or constipation.
At that time, the girls screamed and ran out of the car.
Although many reasons have been raised by the members of the ministerial committee for the implementation of the ILP, the students have rejected the requests of the ministers and demanded that the government should completely abolish the tenancy. “If the ILP can be implemented in other states of North East, why not in Meghalaya? ," said a student while taking part in the meeting and added that the people of the state cannot forget this.
There are teachers who don't know how to rush the results.
These leaders of the HNYF Umsawkhwan Unit were confirmed by Bah Edelbert Nongrum, General Secretary of the HNYF Northern Region. came to join the organization to have that spirit of responsibility for providing the best service to the community.
All persons who offer and accept these offers shall be liable to imprisonment for up to ten years and a fine.
“Although LSD does not spread to humans, the meat and milk of cows infected with this disease should not be eaten or drunk and should not be sold,” he said. officer.
Bah Lyngdoh said that the work on this project depends on the demand of the people and the money spent is often low when many apply for jobs, but this does not mean that they have lost but they will get jobs. after the release of government funds.
The union also demanded that the BSF should no longer be seen in the villages, as they are the ones who will protect the border.
The mother lives in two houses while the children dress like those of the city children – jeans, jacket, canvas and a beautiful scarf.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Secretary of the District Sports Promotion Society, D Dann.
Wanbordlang Kharbudnah, 24, is a skilled car builder without any training, but he knows how to drive, but because he doesn't have the equipment, he goes to work. welding area to attach to fit a three wheeled Auto vehicle to be converted into a Jeep shape.
Referring to the 2023 election, it is one of the most urgent issues, compared to other elections in previous years.
Shillong: A man from Ri Bhoi District has tested positive for covid-19, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma said on Twitter.
At present, the authorities have not been able to develop this source of income especially here in the hill country.
Nongpoh: On the occasion of the 154th Birth Anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, the Father of the Nation, Nongthymmai Village under Raid Madan Kyrdem, Ri Bhoi District, has joined together to celebrate On this day, by conducting a cleanliness drive in the village with the participation of all the people in the village.
Speaking at the meeting, KSU Lyngam Hynnengbrei President KS Rongrin said that the discrimination against the Khasi Garo and Lyngngam workers has happened only because of the excessive Foreigners, who came to seize and do not own the day bill in the area, without proper documents by which they started and led to take away the coal mines (Depu), just to they shall be cut off their heads, and afterwards they shall not be their own.
In fact, the British Government had no intention of taking over the hill areas of the Jaintia Hima, but because Syiem Rajendra Singh did not want to be Syiem only in the hill areas of the Jaintia Hima, the British Government gave him with a pension of five hundred rupees a month.
Well, because we were both blind, we didn't know where the microphones were.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has awarded the 9th Maitshaphrang Academy Award 2020 to 34 students who passed well in various examinations, including Vyonica Dkhar of Thangskai Village who came sixth. Vyonica is a student of St. Margret's HSS, Shillong.
Out of this budget, NABARD has divided the expenditure into its respective categories, Rs 595.10 crore has been allocated for loans for production crops, Rs 387.93 crore for T.714.93 crore for the establishment of small factories and T.238.93 crore for other rural employment requirements such as housing, education and others.
UDP MDC from Tuber constituency, Bah Lasky Rymbai, who is also the Deputy Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the JHADC, said that the contest for the MDC elections in JHADC in He said that it is not yet known how strong the VPP is but he will understand when the party announces its candidates.
If the TMC suddenly comes to power, it is known that the one who was banned before leaving the Congress party, will immediately replace his fellow members who do not comply with his rules of procedure; and he shall completely destroy the political parties and shame the people until they are destroyed.
Children have walked their own path without the guidance of parents and children, which will lead to that complete love.
She said that there are people who have died just because they didn't get treatment for the disease but the hospitals have treated them first.
In fact, only the office of the Deputy Commissioner has the authority to issue the Permanent Residential Certificate (PRC) to the residents of the district.
“Many posts like Assistant Deputy Director are vacant due to the sleepless night of the DPC. We urge the government to order the DPC to convene the DPC meeting immediately,” she said.
Nongstoiñ: The Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya on Thursday held a joint inspection of the border areas in the border areas of West Khasi Hills and Kamrup Assam. also known as Tarabari and Bakdrop.
He said that if the political parties do whatever they want and if someone files a complaint with the court, who will take responsibility?
Furthermore, the slasha farms were allowed to start work, provided that they used only half of the workers, which they used to have all the time.
The MCTA continues its protest against the implementation of the NEP 2020 in all the colleges in Meghalaya affiliated to NEHU. The decision of the NEHU authorities has raised questions about the safety and security of the students.
Other speakers on the occasion were Phrangki Pale, Rev. Hampang Pale, Philimon Pale, Joseph Pale while Jeming Pale gave the welcome speech.
The driver, who sustained serious injuries in the accident, was rushed to Shillong Hospital.
The decision of the people, Burom of the village.
It is learned that the villagers have been robbing, hiding, helping in many ways, due to the lack of money.
Nongpoh: The District Level Inter School Football Tournament 2019 in Ri-Bhoi District, which was held at Umsaitsning and Umran Niangbynai, has come to an end. All the teams that have reached the final will play each other on the 17th of this month at Madan Umsaitsning starting at 10 pm.
The fish was caught by Joe Penar in Lake Michigan on July 21, the Chicago Sun Times reported.
Speaking on the occasion, the Union Minister of State for Child Development, Roasahep Patil Danve, expressed his satisfaction that during his visit to Ri Bhoi, he found that various government departments have implemented the The development projects that have been allocated as Aspirational Districts and the selection of these Districts as Aspirational Districts are also due to the fact that the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi has a desire to develop the districts that are still in existence. behind on development projects in India.
Sohra, July 22 : The NPP candidate from Sohra, Bah Alan West, on Tuesday said that he is very disappointed when his friends say that although Sohra is a famous village in Khasi Hills in terms of education. and understanding but has not yet been able to elect an MLA by the villager.
Cities in India receive financial assistance from JNNURM as well as small towns.
Meanwhile, Jakrem Presbyterian Higher School beat Thiepdiengngan 7-0 with goals scored by Banraplang Dkhar in the 12th and 47th minutes and Hubert Jyrwa in the 12th and 47th minutes. 21 and 36, Wahlang in the 27th minute, Kynjailang Kharwanniang in the 34th minute and Edelbert Lyngkhoi in the 41st minute.
It is learned that the fish had struck and injured the man for about 2 hours, before pulling him into the water.
The term of office of the incumbent President Ram Nath Kovind will end on 24th November 2022 and a new president will have to be elected and confirmed before the end of the term.
His relationship with Tuchel has not been easy and he has expressed his dissatisfaction while at Chelsea as he has been criticized by the club and the fans.
The Seng on the 23rd of this month lodged a complaint with the SDO (Civil) how these foreigners have increased the number of Epic Cards in the 7th Amlarem Constituency. He invited the Village Authorities to think about this because it doesn't depend on them alone, the Rangbah Shnongs are the ones who issue certificates as proof.
The Langdoh of Raij Ialong and the Langdoh of Raij Tuber were also present on the occasion. The Ku Tyngkong ceremony is an important part of the Pator's recognition. between the Raij or Soo Langdoh it is his duty to complete and if this cannot be done he shall inform the Dolloi so that the necessary action can be taken.
Religious belief does not mention, racism, urban sentiments, rural sentiments, arrogance does not mention here.
Suja said that this has created a big problem for the Khasi youths, who go to study, look for jobs and other necessities, from outside the Barak Valley, because if they bring the syrnot to Meghalaya too doesn't accept them and if they go to other states they don't recognize them.
The KWRC was inaugurated today, 2nd July, 2022 at Mawdngong, Khliehshnong, Sohra in the presence of Brigadier KVK Prakash and officers of the Assam Rifles. Officials from the Urban Affairs Department, Government of Meghalaya, Executive Members, Dorbar Khliehnong, Sohra, KWRC staff, residents.
“When I was in the Congress, I held three posts, at the same time the Executive Membership of the MPYC, the Youth Vice President of the Mawsynram Block. , youth organizer of Ranikor Block.
The residents who are in need are advised to go to the Anti-Infiltration Checkpost, Byrnihat.
Shillong, Jymmang 20 : On the occasion of the Centenary Celebration of St. Edmund's College, the Khasi Department has organized an exhibition titled “Apot” produced and directed by Bah Raphael Warjri.
The Government has taken seriously this issue and has held a meeting with the Police Department, Deputy Commissioners, Transport Department, Mineral Resources Department to ensure that the illegal trade of coal should not take place in the country. the state.
Meanwhile, the SP said that police have seized 4,800 MT of coal from Don Bosco College, Byndihati.
Shillong: There has been only one case of covid-19 in the state today and he is also from East Khasi Hills.
He added that the policy will help to meet the needs of the filmmakers, in which they will also have the opportunity to assist those who are new filmmakers and those who have already made films, to develop also to the receipt of the court.
The cost of maintenance is very high to use this meter as you have to pay for the Simcard, Internet, Server and monitors.
Shillong, Nailur 14: A member of the Achik National Army (ANA) has been tied up and set on fire by a Maruti car in Chokpot village.
Earlier, the HSPDP had threatened to impose severe punishment on these two MDCs for supporting the PDF without the party's knowledge.
He urged the people to buy the products of the farmers as they have a big role to play in helping the farmers to produce more. to live because it is the farmer who provides us with food and drink.
Therefore, the leaders of AMSSATA, RB, have requested all the SSA teachers of different districts in Meghalaya, to cancel the rally scheduled to be held on the 21st, but If the government continues to delay the remaining salary, they will think differently and give their full support to AMSSATA, Sengkmie if there are any protests against the government even in public.
For more than 2000 years now the Gentiles have been saved in the name of Jesus Christ and they have no reason to perish because if they believe they will be saved says the Word of God.
The Association has already conveyed this issue to the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of JHADC from time to time but this has ended up in statements which have been left in surprise without any results.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “There is no expenditure on the collapse of the roundabout but the expenditure on the purchase of other equipment and I don't have all the details with me now because We need to discuss once again in the High Powered Committee because the focus now is only on the PWD Buildings and Contractors and also on the PMC. to hold the first session of the new Legislative Assembly in the upcoming Synrai Dorbar.
Robertjune Kharjahrin, Chairman CoMSONSince independence, Meghalaya has enacted national security laws as part of its efforts to curb the illegal entry of foreigners into our state. and to strengthen the sovereignty of the indigenous people over their own land.
The VAT on diesel has also been increased by Rs 12.5 per liter to 22.5 per cent.
Word and deed must go hand in hand.
We cannot stop any family who wants to change the way of taking jait shim kynja, but there are other authorities of the law who want the taking of jait to be from a woman.
Furthermore, the world 100m champion and Tokyo Olympic silver medalist has improved himself to the highest levels in the sport in order to surpass others. even to 44.65 seconds.
He said that if the SHGs/VOs have any problems the office is ready to help you if you come forward to tell them your problems. .
All members of the Association and Collectors in various offices of West and East Jaintia Hills District are requested to take their time to attend this meeting. .
“The Lamphang has also allowed me to move an Adjournment Motion because it is special because we have seen that there has been confusion and misunderstanding.
The Hill States have mountains up to 4,000 meters high and higher.
It is said that the qutb minar faces east and this is to see the dhrub star at night.
Rani said that the Director of School Education and Literacy has directed the District Officer, RM Pariat to appoint Ricky Chyne on 21st July 2019 as LDA. “The Director Ambrose Marak has ordered RM Pariat, District Officer, Ricky Chyne, to appoint Ricky Chyne. at the LDA level and Ricky is not working anywhere.
“Now if you say why should we hold a festival on Sunday, therefore we have to end on Saturday and the Seventh Day Adventists will say why do you hold on Saturday, it is our holy day and if you hold it on Thursday, Muslims will oppose, it is our holy day, then how can we run the state in that way," he added.
Ebor Dkhar also confessed that he was arrested by the police for the same crime.
Nongpoh, Nailar 07: Hundreds of people from different villages of Raid Nongtung in Ri-Bhoi District today had to return to their villages after a meeting convened by the Seng Samla Border Area. The meeting was convened by the Seng Samla Border Area under the leadership of the Seng Samla Border Area. Samla Hilarius Lynshang as President, Samla Aloysius Bina and others to discuss the border settlement which the government should expedite and also on the installation of electricity posts by Assam in Jatalong. and Sabuda with the intention of forcibly invading these villages and other problems of the people living in the border area.
“This tortious work of this company can be witnessed only by looking at its working methods along the road which falls under Rngaiñ village and so on.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Pasi said that the leaders want to contest elections only for the sake of money to provide jobs to their relatives, to earn money without any real goal and intention. serve the nation.
The program was organized by the office of the Divisional Forest Officer, South West Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the District Administration.
Shillong, Naitung 13: Two wheeler owners who used to earn through Rapido have said that they intend to set up their own company and an app linked to Rapido later. This was announced by the leaders of the two wheeler drivers while talking to media after a meeting with the DTO of HITO on Tuesday met with the District Transport Officer of East Khasi Hills, Bah D Lamin.
“We also discussed how to select intelligent and proficient youth from poor families and support them so that they can sit for examinations like JEE, NEET and others,” he said.
Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi have been forced to return home after losing at the World Cup in Russia on Saturday.
This action of his angered the Church Leaders, the Kings, the nobles of that time and he was condemned as a traitor and a traitor to the Church.
“In fact, this decision of the MDA-I Government has helped the farmers and the question of illegal tax collection within the border of Meghalaya will not be allowed at all. there is such a thing, we will have to do something immediately," he said.
Regarding this issue, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, has met and sent a petition to Bah Prestone Tynsong and Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Agriculture, where he requested them to They should address the problems faced by the farmers in the Jirang area.
We see that if human strength alone cannot control this disease because the world does not have the right medicines in relation to this disease, but only strong prayers and following the rules that the government has laid down. Do not strive against the authorities, for the authorities are God's.
As in the past few months, there are those who are sick but it is not the same as in the coming months.
The Meghalaya United Alliance Government led by the Congress Party and Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister are still seeing the signs of development works. shin the major works of this Government to introduce two lane and four lane roads, the implementation of various policies, the announcement of various Missions to help the development of farmers and farmers in the state and other development projects which make even the Central Government to watch closely from day to day.
The price difference has put the people who use lyer shet in shock and they said that the office of the SDO (Civil) Mairang should look into this so that the people will not remain in shock and darkness. .
In the Under-17 category, children must be born before or after 1st July
The Government should also look into those poor households who are not included in the 2011 census who marry after this because they too do not have cards to prove that they can receive assistance.
This was evident in the election held on Tuesday by the Dolloi of Jowai District, Ma Puramon Kynjing.
Jowai, Jymmang 3: Thirteen civil society organizations in Jaintia Hills including the JSU, KSU-JHDU, HNPF-JHC, MPUF, RJYF, JSM, JNU, WJNC, CRJM, JYF and others have joined hands with their support. The Rangbah Shnong of Jowai has decided today that the flag raising ceremony in Jowai will continue as planned.
“For 35 years you have been ruling only one person, so in 2023 change by electing Kong Grace as your MLA and that will be a change after 35 years,” said Prestone. .
With the score of 10 goals, the match continued and both sides had many chances to score.
It was from the implementation of the system that was later implemented throughout the state.
Such a job is a job that doesn't require much strength, it affects the physically weak Dkhars.
The team would like to congratulate Mercy Mawthoh, Franky Dkhar, Riang Dkhar, Dawanmi Suchiang, Chan Sutnga and the entire team of Sahksaw.
At this Inter-School Sports Meet 2023, the Seng Samla Shnong Jakrem has been able to play many kinds of sports in various categories for the boys and girls school children. i was satisfied with the participation of the students.
Kyiv: At least 350 civilians have been killed in Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
Shillong: The National Lok Adalat of the Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority today was held under the chairmanship of Justice Ajay Kumar Mittal and Justice HS Thangkhiew. , and the Executive Chairman of the Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority.
According to sources, there were 170 people on board and all of them died in the crash.
Let us turn back to the source of our virtue.
The DSO urged all the athletes from the district to come forward to take advantage of this opportunity to receive training in athletics and to submit their names at the District Sports Office, Ladthadlaboh Jowai during the working hours.
BJP MP Subramanian Swamy has criticized the BJP government's plan to auction off 100 per cent of Air India. of all the management of Air India.
“In reply, Sangma asked Bah Nongrum, “I dare to ask him, can you name the 12 places in the border dispute if you are concerned about their.
In his speech, the Prime Minister thanked the land owners who have donated their land for the construction of this road and all those who have taken part in the construction of this road. Political party leaders, officers of various departments and all officials.
This has happened because the government itself has empowered, sold our people, our country and thought only of itself and they have no compassion for their fellow citizens,” said Samla Vicky.
The young man is survived by two sisters and a brother.
“Recently I went to Garo Hills to raise the flag on Independence Day and after work I went to the railway station at Mendipathar and I saw that the people of that area benefit a lot because if you go by car you have to 280 tyngka each but only 30 tyngka by train from Mendipathar to Guwahati,” he said.
In addition to these schemes and projects, there are also those that have been implemented properly and have adequate statistics.
Many people complain that the food these days is no longer safe and healthy because there are too many chemicals from vegetables, meat, fruits, even oil and others. food that has been packed in bags and other things.
The FKJGP said that Bah Hector Marwein (IAS) is the senior of MS Rao for two years and this action of the Meghalaya government shows the Meghalaya government's lack of respect for the owner. the owner of the country.
The Delhi High Court today heard a petition by WhatsApp and Facebook against the Indian government's Information Technology (IT) Act, media, to monitor or monitor the discussions and also to find out the person, first and foremost, who published an article.
Through this meeting with the Syiem of Raid Marwet, these elders and Longkmie, urged him that the Rangbah Shnong of Pyllun should be appointed to the post of Rangbah Shnong. Marwet, who are also the owners of the Raid and how they can preserve the customs and traditions within the Raid.
“Therefore, we need to pass a resolution urging the State Government not to take action to inform the Government of India to amend the Constitution (Scheduled Tribes) Order, 1950, with recognition. “It's not just the Scheduled Tribes in Meghalaya,” he said.
Shillong, July 20: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tyngsong, on Tuesday denied the involvement of the government or himself as the Minister of State in the dissolution of the Executive Committee. He said that it is the independent decision of the NPP MDCs because the work of the MDCs is independent without being bound by the government.
The NGT has issued an order ban ban the mining of coal in Jaintia Hills, and the ban on this method of coal mining is still in force. under the jurisdiction of the Court.
She weighed 202kg (86kg+116kg).
However, he said that there is no compulsion and there will be no punishment for those who do not attend.
We see according to the Bible – “And were baptized of him in Jordan, confessing their sins” Matthew 3:6
The identification of children will continue in the remaining districts.
Why did you open the Seng Khasi? Do you need a group like the Seng Khasi? let us go back a little to the past.
The meeting was held to demand the decision of all upper primary school teachers to hold a strong mass strike until the government implements the demands of MUPSTA. There are 844 Adhoc Upper Primary Schools in Meghalaya.
Seven Pakistani soldiers were killed and dozens of other militants were killed in the attack, the report said.
This was announced by the District Training Officer, Vocational Training Centre, Manai.
He said the first is for tourists and the second will make it easier for passengers instead of taking buses or taxis to use cable cars.
The Riewlum organizations, we know, were established with the aim of achieving the aims and aspirations of us Riewlum (rit-paid) which are (i) to protect our uniqueness as Riewlum from (ii) to protect the land from exploitation (iii) to ensure that development activities do not affect our identity as Riewlum or our ownership of (iv) to ensure the welfare and safety of the Indigenous Peoples, who from time to time, have been discriminated against in many ways, such as in the price of agricultural products; , the deprivation of trade, employment opportunities and employment.
Repent and receive the Holy Spirit whether you are an old Christian or a new one, whether you are a church leader or a public figure.
It is understood that all the discussions at the meeting were on how to keep the ARPA until the end of the five years in the District Council, and there was no discussion on the demands of the two parties. bujli and to hold meetings.
Therefore, all the office bearers especially the Presidents and Secretaries of the Seng Khasi Youth Branches in the surrounding villages and villages are urged to attend the meeting. to the Dorbar Bah at least not more than 5 members so that it can play a major role among the most important issues.
Gujarat is the state that has banned the game, which is used by 100 million people worldwide.
This drug addiction has destroyed all the homes and it is a real disaster for those families who have fallen victim to drug addiction.
However, at 2:45 pm, the 40-year-old man died of his injuries.
At the secondary level (up to Class 10), 28 out of 100 students drop out of school without completing their education.
Jowai, March 2: The Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Shnong of Ummulong have lodged a complaint against the residents of Ummulong who marched on the 29th of this month as a sign of protest against the Rangbah Shnong and Chairman Shnong. Village Secretary SS Langngi and Pyrkhatbha Lamare have lodged an FIR against Chambel Myrboh and others who went to protest against the actions of these village leaders.
The election was attended by N. Rymbai, Working President, OL Tariang, Vice-President, F. Rymbai, General Secretary, S. Pajuh, Joint Secretary and others. other leaders of Circles and Units.
“There are no checkpoints or screens on the highways for people,” he said.
The Out Patient Departments of the hospitals were closed on this day and only the Emergency Departments were working to assist in case of emergency.
Those voters who have not yet received their EPIC so that they can be recognized or accepted by the Presiding Officer or any Polling Officer authorized by the Presiding Officer to vote may bring their EPIC. and present photo identity such as valid passports, valid driver's licenses, PAN cards, ADHAAR cards, service identity cards issued by Central Government offices, Meghalaya and Public Sector undertakings. , Local Bodies or Public Limited Companies, Bank Passbook, Passport, College Id Card, Freedom Fighter Identity Card, Pension Payment Order, Anna's Certificate far not given by the Government.
The meeting will be held on the 3rd July 2015 at the Community Hall, Jaiaw Shyiap & Lum Pyllon, Shillong, from 10:30 am to 3 pm at the Community Hall, Jaiaw. Shyiap & Lum Pyllon, Shillong, from 10:30 am to 3 pm.
The CAG found that the allocation of CMSAS to 111 persons besides receiving IGNWPS scheme of 41 persons, IGNDPS scheme of 15 persons and Unemployment Allowance 55 persons has resulted in a waste of Rs 22.91 lakh. amount.
They said that according to the RTI, the ECC knows that there are many coke factories which do not comply with the rules and North East Carbon Coke is one of them.
Please contact the Municipality and Education Department.
Jowai: The Dorbar Shnong of Ladthadlaboh under the leadership of LD Lakiang, KD Symbud Symbud Rangbah Shnong and ABM Shullai has donated T.50,000/ to the CM Relief Fund. -.
Those who do not distribute, distribute less or exceed the price or distribute bad goods should immediately inform the office of the DC, EKHD. Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya Last month, they were able to thwart the attempt of the smugglers and seized a large quantity of goods worth more than T.11 lakh which were planned to be smuggled into Bangladesh.
Earlier, the Indian government had filed a petition in the Supreme Court seeking permission to allocate land near the Ram Janmabhoomi Temple and Babri Masjid.
Police of Nartiang Police Station, after receiving a directive from the authorities, have summoned the two cases to appear before the police station.
One of them, I passed away yesterday.
The FKJGP has alleged that the villagers are not aware of the loss of the smart meter and have been told that the company's staff will come to install the smart meter.
Only after they start paying attention will I start too," he said.
The number of members in these groups will be based on the population and needs of their village.
The name and address of the child have been confirmed through the book bag and school books and the name of the school.
Any broadcaster who has not been informed by the Election Commission shall be determined by the NBSA in accordance with its rules.
In this regard, the Word of God says: "And after the sixty-two weeks he who is anointed will be cut off, and will have nothing.
These two officers were able to convince the Syiem of Nongstoin, Sib Sing Syiem.
However, the residents of Moorathud Village, which falls under Nartiang Constituency, said that not all Khasi Pnars are like that.
Parle, which has annual revenues of $1.4 billion, has talked to former Finance Minister Arun Jaitley to revise the tax, but the Indian government has not. listened at all.
There are many types of Kait cultivated such as Kait Kait, Kait Mon, Kait Saw, Kaitkpu and others.
Regarding the BJP's withdrawal of support to the MDA government, he said the BJP will consider in the next six months whether to withdraw from the MDA government. “We will discuss this with the National President of the party,” he said.
He said that in 2023, there were 369 malaria cases from Riangdim and five cases from Maweit.
“Can he do it? It is this government that has done this.
On the complaint of the shopkeepers especially in Khyndai Lad area against the order, Kong Kurbah said, “It is not a punishment, but it is because we feel sorry for the elderly, the young. shaba palat is the robbery that has happened.
The vehicle was an Alto ML04B-3913 and the occupants of the vehicle were from Rymbai.
Therefore, the danger to the public who walks or walks or can lead to a tragic incident at any time.
At the same time, Sangma also expressed his anger against the MUA government for misleading the people of the state.
Two residents were also informed about the benefits they have received from the electricity scheme and now they are able to use electricity inside their homes unlike in the past.
On this occasion, the exhibition and sale of various products produced by government departments such as the Department of Fisheries, Agriculture, Veterinary and Animal Husbandry, Commerce and Industries and others was witnessed. farmers and local cooperatives.
Shillong, November 19: U Bah Nicodemus Majaw has denied the allegation by the President of the Khasi Jaintia Butchers Welfare Association (KJBWA) that he used to buy stolen cows from Khanapara, Ri-Bhoi.
“The kur, the jait ka kynja is sacred to us human beings, but because of the pursuit of personal affairs we often forget the duties of the kur and don't recognize our fellow kur,” said Sniawbhalang Dhar. The Dorbar of the Kur Dhar was held at Jalapang, Wahiajer on Saturday.
We are sorry that the MBOSE has made Khasi compulsory in XI and XII,” said Dr Nonglait.
The new office bearers of the All Jaintia PWD Association: President – ​​U Phrangki Wann.
He used to tell me that he slept only 2, 3 hours a day.
“We look at the foundation stones, we look at this Auditorium built by him in 1988, and we remember that it was PA Sangma who built it.
In this era, it is clear that students should be taught and led to employment and not to education for unemployment.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah AL Hek, MLA Pynthorumkhrah, expressed his concern about the employment challenges in this era and encouraged the youth to stand up for themselves. of feet and to work hard at whatever jobs they try to do.
This comes after they beat Smit SC 1-0 in the first leg on Tuesday at the MFA Stadium, Polo, Shillong.
I don't know what you mean by heinous acts.
At present, the part of this road from Mawphlang to Rangïar is about 15 kilometers long and also from Laittyra to Sohbar which is about 7 kilometers and is still as good as it was 165 years ago.
On the 11th of June, the Karbi and Khasi-Pnars clashed and threw stones at Khanduli and two houses were set on fire.
Thus we find people who belong to the same language, have the same deity, the same customs, religion and so on.
The miscreants started pelting stones incessantly on BSF troops on observing the patrol party thus causing serious injury to one jawan.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Rosetta Mary Kurbah was the chief guest.
The union through the petition has also demanded that the minister should provide an ambulance to the PHC in order to provide services to the people who need assistance in times of emergency and especially in case of illness. they have to be experienced from time to time.
The Special Session of the State Legislative Assembly will be held on 19th November 2019 to take a decision on the implementation of the ILP in the State.
In the same way, like a smoke between two brothers, Niep Marboh (last) and Jngie Marboh.
It’s a serious issue.
The slow driving of cars and two wheelers often leads to tragic accidents.
Shillong: Sunny Dale, St Thomas and PFR Soccer Camp have scored three points after winning the NISSAN JUNIOR CUP today. Shillong Public School.
Shillong: The Crime Investigation Department (CID) of Meghalaya today arrested four persons involved in the attack on members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) on 28th June in Ichamati.
In the match which was played at New Nongstoiñ Stadium, Assam Regiment's H.Naoba scored twice for the winner of the match. He scored the first goal in the 52nd minute of the second half and two minutes later he scored the second goal in the 54th minute.
This means that when Israel rebuilds the Third Temple, it will first sign a peace treaty with all the Arab countries in the Middle East, and there will be someone who has the power to make peace, not the UN or anyone else. no kingdom of the world, for Israel shall not receive it.
The CNP has issued 4.872 million notes for the year 2016-1
It will be a pleasure for us if we see 1 or 2 players who will represent the country".
This clear answer came in the Assembly on Tuesday, after Nongstoin MLA Bah Gabriel Wahlang, asked a question on the implementation, improvement and construction of sports grounds around the country. District of the State, especially for the West Khasi Hills.
When inquired from the MHIS department, it was said that the state government has suspended the operation of the MHIS card since April when they could not renew it and all the cards are no longer valid because the government has still planning to renew by next October.
Childline Jowai has provided cooperation and assistance round the clock in connection with the arrest of 12 persons and the release of 9 children aged 16 and 17 years who entered the school. prostitution to trade and make money.
The four members of the party who were arrested by the police include Amal Jyoti Biswas (24) of Borkula Bagicha, Udalguri district; Rananjay Laskar (27 years old) of Ekorabari village, Udalguri district; Pranjit Rai (26) of Bijaygaon village, Chirang district and Ganesh Biswas (23) of Fakidiagao village, Udalguri district.
The factory was established in 2019 and aims to take good care of cows and their products.
Officials of the JHADC, the Dolloi of Amwi District and his assistants were present on the polling day.
He said that at present many farmers in the border areas of West Jaintia Hills, do not have the opportunity to farm in their farmland which has farmland in the areas that have been cultivated and in the areas that have not been cultivated. who have entered Assam due to the lockdown by the people of Assam by taking advantage of the Covid19 pandemic.
She also reminded that the government has approved the statement of the government under the leadership of Prime Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma to call for a table of dialogue and peace, but such proposals to reach the path of peace. The HNLC has said that the police should stop the attempts to divide the party and the attempts to disrupt the plans. he crane iasuk.
Bah Donlang, who has been in politics in the Congress party under the leadership of Dr DD Lapang as Prime Minister and President of the MPCC, has held many positions within the Congress party at the NBCC, Ri-Bhoi. Donlang had already contested the MLA election as an independent candidate in 2013 from Umsning Constituency against Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, the current President of the MPCC.
Mawkyrwat, July 08 : The SSSM, South West Khasi Hills District, has concluded its 30th Anniversary Celebration under the theme, “Youth, improvers and workers, for the present and the future”, at the Community Hall, Mawkyrwat and Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency was the chief guest.
Pynbeitlang Football Club won the trophy and a cash prize of 10,000 tyngka.
He said that the Seng cannot just look at its brothers and sisters who have been affected by such incidents. share this burden with your brothers and sisters by your good Samaritan deeds.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) through the Excluded Areas Central Scheme 2019-2020 will soon construct a new building for the market at Pomlahier of Mawryngkneng Village.
“If I say that I am not a dummy candidate, my husband, come with me, every night and every day, whatever doesn't happen, we debate.
And so Yahshua will take you when you are resurrected here to the heavenly home.
He said that the information received by the RTI on any wrongdoing will be punished by the Lokayukta.
Many problems will be faced by the people of the country, he said.
Do this quickly lest your children get you into serious trouble for their sin.
The raids were conducted in Tonk, Kota and Gangapur in Rajasthan and Hauz Kaji, Ballimaran, New Delhi.
The march started from Ladweitang near the Indoor Stadium and reached New Nongstoiñ Square where the march ended. part of the state of Manipur.
On Ardent's remarks, Renik said there may be a misunderstanding but it has to be resolved within the party.
Therefore, we kindly request you to avoid those links that do not offer help to you whom you do not know.
On the demand for cows for slaughter, Bah Esron said that earlier since the law in Assam was passed prohibiting the import of cows, there was a shortage of cows, but the demand for cows could be met by getting them from them. farmers who are from this State.
The new cases include 2 cases from East Jaintia, 22 cases from East Khasi Hills, 4 cases from Ri Bhoi, 5 cases from South West Garo Hills, 52 cases from West Garo Hills and 3 cases from West Jaintia Hills. Hills.
The 3rd Anniversary of BAM-JH was held at Bosco Pnar Square, Jowai, in the presence of the OC of Jowai Police Station, S.Mannar, in the presence of the Chief Guest, Iahmioo Khyriem. , BAM Central Body Shillong President Junestar Kharbuli, Johnny Nongrum (Boxer), members of BAM-JH and others who were invited.
The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Amlarem Sub-Division, Amlarem, said that if any of the residents have not received their share and have sold too much according to the doe, they should complain or Please contact the office of the SDO for further information or call the Sub-Inspectors- 8414806738/9436110184/8
He said that his father was never sick, but he was sick only two hours before he passed away because he immediately went to the hospital but after taking medicine he left.
He said he hopes to win because now only new people will contest and he wants if he wins he will bring about the jobs that the people want.
What shall we protect? we live in a neo-liberal era, an era of greed and wealth of some private individuals.
He said that after the opening, there will be about 15,000 tourists every day at the site and this will increase the income of the people and the state.
So what does this mean? This means that Daniel has foretold these days for thousands of years.
The MDC said that the aspirations of the people are at the forefront of the BJP when developing election issues for the development of the state.
He also declared it a nationwide law and accused the Chief Minister of West Bengal Mamata Banerjee of trying to mislead the people about the nature of the law.
Shillong: The increasing absence of doctors and staff of the Allagre Community Health Center (CHC) has angered the residents of the area, which has prompted them to march to protest. opposition on Wednesday.
Out of the more than 35 lakh people of the state, most of them are engaged in agriculture, perhaps 70 per cent, but the question is whether it is full-time or part-time agriculture; We don't have an count of that and to get an count on this we have to conduct a survey of every household.
In a tweet this morning, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said that three more cases have recovered and out of the 44 cases, 37 have recovered and six are still undergoing treatment. care.
Babu Kular said another important issue demanded by the teachers is to release the arrear of the deficit teachers before Christmas.
The two organizations, JYF-EJHDU and Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA), East Jaintia Hills District have demanded that the electricity supply department in Khliehriat Distribution Division should be repaired. online payment for electricity bill in East Jaintia Hills District.
God is the source of wisdom so He created man in the blood of Mei Ramew.
He said that the problem they are facing these days is not only the cow traders but also the day laborers who work in these shops.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Ymbon, who is also the NPP leader from Raliang in West Jaintia Hills, said; “I welcome the coming of the railway.
There are many reasons but I will mention only three reasons.
The influx of foreigners has also increased over the years, not only in Shillong but almost in all the border areas of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
Three festivals were held in three districts of Garo Hills on Tuesday, namely Ampati, Resubelpara, North Garo Hills and Tasek-East Garo Hills.
The tree planting day was concluded with the distribution of food items to the students.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The KSU Nongstoin Circle under the leadership of its General Secretary Bah F.Syiemiong today met with the EM of Labor Department of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to discuss the issue of foreign workers. in Nongstoiñ who do not have proper documents and also do not have a Labor Licence.
“However, in each department, the roster system is different because the larger departments still take time, because they have to submit roster system reports since 1972, so until now these have taken time,” he said. he added.
Shillong: U Bah Latiplang Kharkongngor, on Tuesday, won the election as the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi District Council without any opposition. I didn't attend the meeting today.
On the same evening of 2.1.1948, Sardar Vallabhai met with the people of Shillong at Lady Hydari Park and praised the nature of Shillong. harum: Yours is a land for Gods to live in.
The owners of these households who received these assistance said that if one cow dies, the government provides 50 tyngka.
We have seen the deprivation of rights of women, the burning of houses, places of worship, the displacement of many people, the deaths due to this ethnic violence.
MLA Nongpoh is here.
On June 28, Blinken will visit Astana, Kazakhstan, where he will meet with Kazakh officials to strengthen relations between the US and the two countries.
Various materials have to be purchased by patients outside the pharmacy.
When it is completed, mankind expresses its gratitude to God with joy and happiness along with the prayer that God will continue to bless mankind so that they will be able to survive. He shall earn, earn, work and grow in the blood of this world, along with learning the Tip Briew, the Tip Blei, the Tip Kur, the Tip Kha, to love himself and respect others. , and Earn the Right.
He said the government must be transparent and responsible if it wants to bring about dialogue.
Shillong: Shillong: The Civil Hospital, Shillong, has been overcrowded with the number of hospitals in Shillong due to the outbreak of covid-19 (COVID-19). out of 115 beds, however, 114 beds have been filled and only one has been vacant.
Furthermore, the Minister said that according to the plan for the next 50 years, Meghalaya will cover another 6% of the water demand in the country.
Angadi Suresh Channabasappa – Minister of State in the Ministry of Railways16.
In terms of health, it has declined to the bottom especially in this constituency.
Lead us FKS leaders and others involved, if they are reasonable and legal, why don't we support them? However, I repeat that the terms of the Annexed Agreement have already been accepted and have been implemented.
Before the march, HANM members held a short meeting in front of the residence of Mairang MLA Bah Metbah Lyngdoh at Manai.
Shillong: The Empower Committee on Women of the State Legislative Assembly on Tuesday summoned the Chief Secretary, Director General of Police (DGP) and other government departments to discuss the implementation of measures to protect women. the discrimination against women and children in the state.
They held a program at Shillong Law College to mark the Constitution Day.
He also ordered the candidates not to use private or government property to hold any public meetings without permission and during the election campaign no party should respect each other without permission. to raise any issues that affect the peace and order of the people and especially for the preparation of this election.
The public should also ask questions as this shows the illegal activities in the state.
xxix.
Nongpoh: A Khasi woman and teacher at Christ International School, Nongsder, Ri Bhoi, has alleged that she has been harassed and verbally abused by Dr.C.Vargese, the Principal of Christ International School, Nongsder, Ri Bhoi. of the school.
The government official said that many political parties have come to urge him to join their party and these include the UDP, Congress, BJP and PDF. Grace).
The party does not want corruption in the implementation of any government scheme for the benefit of the people.
He left home on Thursday morning and has not returned.
“If you do it to the brokers, the work will be done in 10 or 12 days while if you do it yourself, it will take months,” said BJYM President Bah Egenstar Kukarkalang. the inspection of the office.
He said that the confusion of the top leaders does not please him to continue the membership within the party, because through these confusions, there may be doubts about the party. the organization will continue to serve the people.
This is the method used in the United States and other countries.
Because to avoid all these problems, love is essential in life.
They came to live in the land of no return.
Ma Riang Lenon Tariang, former Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and former MLA of Amlarem Constituency, said that the party he elected was not accepted by the people. .
The award was presented to Kongthong Village by V Vidyavathi, IAS, Secretary, Ministry of Tourism, Government of India in recognition of the outstanding efforts of the Village to promote tourism and promote tourism. keep the customs and traditions of the ancients.
What is the development of the Hima Mylliem and KHADC? What is the development of the Hima Mylliem and KHADC?
John 19:31-34.
In Canaan the groups that opposed the kings and chiefs were farmers, shepherds, servants, day laborers and there were also priests who fought and fled to the mountainous regions of Canaan. and there they joined a group of Hebrew slaves from Egypt and there on the slopes of the Mountains of Canaan they consulted and established a new society and country, free from the hands of kings and rulers who did beating and violence.
Meghalaya has declined in all areas.
He ordered the man to buy two bottles of whiskey for a 65-year-old man.
In the end he disappeared completely and did not come back and the young girl had to carry a child.
Danosha Tlang, entrepreneur and owner of DD Spices, said that the youth should not wait for government jobs, but should start any job that they have the skills to succeed in life.
He expressed his satisfaction that Marshilong is one of the villages that has unity in all fields because the ability to open this Dordar Hall is through the hard work, cooperation and support of the Dordar Hall. i hun shisha to see.
He insisted that if there were a BJP in KHADC, the Congress would not be able to support the NPP and said, “We have made it clear that we are ready to cooperate with anyone except the BJP”.
This was announced by the Chairman of the High Level Committee (HLC) who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong after the opening of the meeting of the committee. they lived in the land of Jews.
Speeches were also delivered by the Officer in charge of CRC Shillong, Ram Shakal Sahani and Coordinator of CRC, Shillong, Akshay Kumar.
“I told my parents that I don't want to get married yet, but nobody listens and it's a misunderstanding.
And this alliance makes and enables those in power to oppress and attack people.
“This market is run by JHADC, the tax is paid by the market dwellers to the council every day, the council through the market department has requested the market dwellers not to spread the garbage. “The market dwellers have cooperated as much as possible with the council,” said the JTTA leader. and once the market was opened, the niut ki nier or the jhep was cleaned and it came out.
The BRO has apologized for the mistake and said that it did not intend to inform the people of Arunachal Pradesh, said PKH Singh, Additional Director General (East). BRO Tirat Singh Rawat, Chief Minister of Uttarakhand, has resigned as the Chief Minister of Uttarakhand, last night, after taking over the post four months ago.
Early in the morning that day she woke up and got ready and dark and stopped her work. After eating at 9 o'clock she left home to apply for her application at the college.
Father Wilbert Marweiñ was appointed Bishop of the Parish of Nongstoin by Pope Francis on 4th June 2023 in Rome. The consecration ceremony will be conducted by Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh of Shillong Archdiocese.
Four officers including Peniwell T. Sangma, Badalyne Khongkongor, Benalvic Warjri and Paul Hilary Shylla have been temporarily appointed to the rank of Senior Duty Posts. .
Looking back on the life of this man, many of the villagers don't think that he did one of the great things he deserves to be praised, but many forget because he is a poor man. in knowledge and earns his living by wages.
When others see this, they praise and rejoice together.
In another incident in West Khasi Hills, about 10 armed robbers robbed a foreigner of money when he arrived in Shallang. and the money was stolen by forcing him to send it through the Unified Payments Interface (UPI).
This year's Behdeiñkhlam festival has started only a few days ago and it was witnessed that the PWD department has repaired the road from Mission Compound to Iawmusiang.
“We have courts where we can give our information so that the court can do whatever it takes.
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) and the YSR Congress party did not take part in the polling.
Jowai: Star Cement Limited on Saturday planted 10,200 trees of 50 species indigenous trees in Khasi Jaintia Hills for the purpose of improving its quarry. in Lumshnong East Jaintia Hills.
Mukroh Village is a large village with 552 households and 3362 heads of household in 3 Kyntoit (dong) A, B and C. Kyntoit B is brighter and Doctors have been appointed. , Professors, Preachers, Teachers, Fathers, Sisters, Nurses and she is better off in terms of income.
Following the protests from two villages, Nongpoh and Jhalupara, they have not allowed the funeral of Dr John L Sailo.
“The closing ceremony of the tournament will be held at the Indoor Stadium of the Sports Authority of India (SAI) on the 6th of June.
He said that through this project led by Dr. Siddhartha Singha, the IITG team has taken the initiative to work together to bring about change in the village.
He said this while opening the North East Summit to consult with doctors from the region on how to prevent TB, at a meeting held at the Courtyard Marriot.
What does this law mean? It means that to whom and how we cast our vote on that polling day, no one can know whether we vote for candidate A or B, or anyone else, except ourselves.
He said that as the Governor of the state, he understands the concerns of the people of the state and is with the state. He said that the MRSS (Amendment) Bill, 2020 is with the Governor, but Since this matter has already reached the Ministry of Home Affairs, he has to get the approval of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Central Government.
They were charged with the robbery of Bisheshwar Das, owner of Babua Tea.
The child was identified as Mahnoor Cheema and received greetings from former Pakistani Prime Ministers Nawaz Sharif and Shehbaz Sharif in the United Kingdom.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Hynniewtrep Awakening Movement (HUAM) in Ri-Bhoi District has strongly condemned the collapse of the bridge at Pamlatar on the Shang River in Mawhati. many workers were injured.
“As a party, we have not taken any decision regarding the MP or MDC elections, although we have discussions in the party,” said Bah Bashailang.
It is surprising that on the 12th October 2017, the people of Mawshynrut area were shocked to hear that the PDF has already erected a monument to Bah P.N.Syiem, CEM of KHADC. The Syiem and his followers came to Riangdo market to campaign for the Campaign for Change.
However, a few minutes before the first half, in the 40th minute, Kynsaibor Lhuid managed to turn the tide of the match 1-1
Shillong, Jymmang, 05: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr.M.Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday visited Kong Palmima Rani, a woman who suffered from severe thyrnia. She gave birth to a baby boy on the 1st of this month at Ganesh Das Government Maternal and Child Health Hospital, Shillong.
This decision was taken after a meeting between the Dy CEM and the Hill Farmer Union, following the protest of the farmers against the problems they faced in the market on the first day of the month. week.
The death toll includes 07 from EKH, 01 from RBD, 01 from WJH and 01 from WGH.
In a letter sent to the Minister, Lamare said that as a citizen of India and as a volunteer of the state, he would like to raise the issue of The residents of Laitkor and surrounding areas have been affected by the construction of the road which has caused severe traffic jam.
Umblai village has been located from Kongkhen River to Ri Phlang since ancient times and is the center of Mawphu, Thieddieng and Nongsteng villages.
The IGNYTE Rain Coats were handed over by the CEO of Frank Motors to the Superintendent of Police (Traffic) Dr. Dara Aswaghosh in the presence of the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger and Deputy SP (Traffic). Mr. Mac Joel Marngar.
There is no entry fee required for this competition.
He said that if there are any urgent works that cannot be avoided, those who pass by should also be vigilant and think carefully, because the part of the national highway in Lumshnong near the tool gate. The plaza has now collapsed severely and has endangered the traffic. The order from the district administration of East Jaintia Hills District will come into force immediately until further notice.
He said the reason why Ford cars are doing well especially the Eco sport cars is because the cars are good and the parts are good and can give confidence to the people. .
Former Finance Secretary Subhash Chandra Garg has retired as Principal Secretary to the Finance Ministry in July 2019 following the death of Nirmala. Sitaraman, the finance minister, did not want him to work with her.
The program was conducted by Rev. PL Pakma in the presence of Mr. P. Shullai, Asst. Engineer, C&RD Block Laskein. JSU President Rikut N Parien and church elders and residents.
“Gopal Dey should not be accused of corruption and the party has said that the police should prosecute and punish him under the law,” said the party. The statement was sent by the President of the Republic of the Congo.
This wish is only for survivors and imprisoned activists in
This is the second time that the school has suffered from natural disasters, and the first time in 2019 when the roof of Jopcy's house collapsed. and destroy the school.
Shillong: Hundreds of trucks carrying goods from Bhutan have been seized by the West Garo Hills Police at Paikan-Krishnai on the Assam-Meghalaya border on their way to Bangladesh. said the news received today.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on his part, said that he has been monitoring the strike by the Garo Sengbhalang in talks with the Deputy Commissioners (DCs) of the region.
The candidate is not allowed to change the appearance of the village coat at any public meeting and is not allowed to give it to milk.
The Leh Niam Iewduh is held in the month before the coming of the Tlang at Iewduh, Shillong in Khlieh Iewduh.
The Riewsain Pyrthei, who are the elected leaders of the people with the confidence that they will bring about that change in the way of working to improve the State in all aspects, but if you look closely, it has not happened.
I'm ashamed to be a slave in the land of the clouds, Bah Ardent, fight for our rights;
The same bus will return to Nongstoin from Shillong at 3 pm from Sohra Iew Mawlong stand and will start parking at this place from 1 pm until 3 pm. pm in the evening.
Gurjit said the HPC has pointed out the shortcomings in the plan prepared by the government for the relocation of the residents of Them Ïew Mawlong due to the small size of the land, the small size of the houses. , violation of building codes, lack of planning for the development of Them Ïew Mawlong, and lack of clarity as to who will own the land and houses.
There are 65 cases in West Garo Hills District.
The country's squash team has started its journey in the current Squash World Cup 2023 with a first match against Hong Kong. Joshna Chinappa, Saurav Ghosal, Tanvi Khanna and Abhay Singh won the first match 4-0 in Pool B. The country's players have won their victory against the Hong Kong players.
The song was hidden in the fuel tank of the truck, the report said.
Mallya, 62, said he was ready to pay the fees he had taken from various banks and assured that he would do what he had promised.
“It is to be recalled that the VPP, although a new party, has won 4 MLAs out of 18 candidates in the elections which ended on 7th June that's good.
HSSLC, Head Teacher, Wapung School, Govt.
Explaining in detail, Shylla said that there is a United Khasi Hills District Act 1952 and it was signed by the then Governor of Assam Jairamdas Daulatram and the Governor of Assam. It was signed on 22nd June, 1952 and on 3rd July, 1952, the President of India, Rajendra Prasad, passed it into law.
The meeting was conducted by Shaniahskhem Dkhar and welcome speech was delivered by Seiros Dkhar. Hamjhan Dkhar, General Secretary of the Dkhar Kur Association and others.
“I have met with many youths abroad, in Karnataka alone there are about 5 lakh Khasi youths working, across India there are tens of thousands, why are there still people who “It's a mistake through the advertising authorities,” said Sanbor Shullai.
The Planning Department is still holding on to the bill which is intended to amend the provisions of the Water Wells Management Act.
It is worth mentioning that when Bah Ardent was CEM, he said that the KHADC already knew the border dispute between Mawlongbna and Thyllaw. I went to the border when the sky was clear.
Shillong: The KSU Sohiong Circle on Thursday held the 16th Maitshaphrang Award in which students in various fields who have achieved excellence in their studies were honoured.
If the plants we plant to cover the soil are also plants from those species of plants called "legume", then they can also increase the fertility of the soil as I mentioned in the previous chapter.
Referring to the demand for the Inner Line Permit, which the state has been demanding from the government for a long time and especially in 2013 when Dr Mukul Sangma was Chief Minister, he said. The ILP is not required under the Meghalaya Residential Safety Security Act.
The man of the match went to Albert Shanpru of Friends United.
Shillong, July 28: The Chief Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the Robert Hospital, Jaïaw should not repeat the unpleasant incidents that happened in the past years.
It has also received recognition from the State Government.
On the other hand, Bah Process said that the role of the District Council is for the country and the nation, to protect the culture, the traditional identity of the Khasi, to strengthen the hima, trade. to ensure that the spirit of nationalism should enter the Khasi Khara children, not to talk or distribute schemes.
If we look closely at the MDA government, we will find that it has done too much.
Those two races mean 10 of the 21 races this year will be held outside Europe, but Ezpeleta said there will be more places for non-European races as there are the goal and vision for 22 sports in the next generation.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that he has directed the Investigation Officer (IO) to find out the truth and submit a full report on the incident.
According to the Act, Meghalaya should appoint only 15% of the 60 MLAs. That means only 9 MLAs can hold the post of Minister.
JOWAI: UDP candidate Eleazer Christopher Dkhar from Mowkaiaw, who has been delayed to contest the elections after 10 years of journey, has apologized to his supporters.
He said that there are 17 projects implemented including the construction of parking lots which are nearing completion and ongoing, Rain Water Harvesting and others.
Shillong: Leaders of the Khasi Authors' Society (KASO) today laid a wreath at the memorial of Rev. Thomas Jones at the Synod College, Shillong.
“To say that a Khasi man is inside a woman is not true,” he said.
On this day, to round off the final, the students of this school performed a drill to the spectators.
Nongpoh, November 15: Members of the National People's Party (NPP) Nongpoh Block today held a meeting to elect the new leaders and office bearers of the party. She has resigned as President of the NPP Nongpoh Block.
KHNAMpat General Secretary THS Bonney said that according to the 10 Schedule, Adelbert cannot leave the party because the 10 Schedule says that if there are 75% of the leaders who come out, they cannot do so. Delbert is 100% because he is alone.
He said what will happen to the people if the department which should provide security and peace to the people is in the midst of confusion and distrust among themselves.
This was expressed by many mawria smugglers in Ri Bhoi where in Killing they have to pay exactly the tax to the Forest Department according to the government and in Maikhuli trucks have to pay exactly the tax. They don't pay at all and don't stop even after reaching the gate set up by the Forest Department.
I don't want to tell the story of the freedom struggle, but we can't forget the heroes who gave their lives to bring us freedom.
“The Committee has not found any irregularities in the procurement process,” Conrad said.
“Many churches, now they are sitting in the election, eating, drinking, dancing, rejoicing, coming out to support various political parties, that is their part but we are happy to see that “I am happy that the election has come but when I look at the state for 50 years now, we still lack everything,” he said.
Another complaint has been lodged against the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, on charges of stealing their names in the appointment of the Executive Committee of the Hima Dorbar.
The incident happened at 2 pm, when the road workers were just finished eating and sitting along the road, but at that time, the tree, u They were suddenly rushed to the place where the road workers were sitting.
If the law says Ong 20/- per pb per barrel, who will pay?
“The decision will be taken tomorrow whether to contest or not,” said a longtime Congress MDC.
This night's sleep in the darkness is that once a day it will encourage evil deeds.
He said that the Government should address the problems of the people and not just create problems by doing right only in the Legislative Assembly but outside by doing illegal things.
More than 6,000 pilgrims have been stranded in Jammu, especially at their residence at Bhagwatinagar while more than 5,000 have been stranded at their residence at Chanderkot in Ramban district. it's the day of God.
The assistance is too small and I have urged the Prime Minister to increase it to T.2,000 per month.
He added that it is time for all parties to work together in the fight against drugs and by conducting such programs to preach against drugs. The residents of the village should be aware of the harmful effects of drugs and especially it will be a message to the youth not to be affected by drugs where many young people who have become addicted to drugs have lost their lives and They have also destroyed the family and the community, he added.
Shillong, Naiwieng 8: The Meghalaya government has clarified that the Rashtriya Krishi Vikash Yojana (RKVY) scheme, The Government of India has released T.244.558 crore for the years 2007-2008 to 2016-17 and of this amount, T.234.828 crore has been spent for the years 2015-1
A source from some MDCs who did not want to be named, said that the Deputy Chairman may temporarily suspend the membership of some members of the JHADC. He has completed his education, has read well all the events in the State Legislative Assembly and Parliament, as well as the rules of procedure of the JHADC Legislative Assembly, he can temporarily suspend his membership in the Legislative Assembly,” said one of them. MDC. At the same time, he said that the trafficking in JHADC has been very serious in the last few months.
The Joint Action Forum (JAF) comprising four political parties from East Jaintia Hills District, SBYWA, JSM, JYF, NEIF and four villages of Umsatai, Ladwahwapung, Deinsatlang and Pynurkba has decided to come forward against the government. Construction of a coal factory at Wah Deinling, Rymbai District.
New Delhi, July 19: The Government of India has ordered all government officials in various departments appointed by the former UPA government to resign, according to media reports.
The HNYF has cleaned up the Mawbynna and the Signboard as a sign of celebrating Christmas and welcoming the New Year, which is also the duty of the HNYF every year.
According to information received by Rupang, all commercial vehicles will receive a certificate of fitness after installing the equipment.
In March, we went to open a school, these people were opposed but they didn't dare to interfere because there were policemen accompanying us.
Biren Singh is scheduled to inaugurate a gym and other sports facilities at the government-built building on Tuesday.
Speaking at a public meeting of the village at Madan Kynjatbol, ​​Nongsder, Bah Shangpliang said that the arrest of four VDPs of the village, by accusing them of murder, is not true. long is appropriate.
Leaders of the KSU-EJHU who were confirmed and sworn in on this occasion include the President, Samla Streamly.
Katherine Kent, one of the heads of the investigation team into the spread of covid 19, said: “This infectious disease has been seen to spread to those who are younger, because those who Many of those who get sick these days are young.
Shillong, Jymmang 04 : U Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui has not promised to release the money that the students have already deposited for the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) examination. They will be refunded if they do not take the examination.
The driver of the vehicle, Nijam Ali (34) and his passenger, sustained serious injuries and were rushed to Umsning CHC. I went to the hospital in Guwahati.
After arresting him, they conducted a search of his residence and seized five boxes of pahareng kyiad.
Dawanbiang Langstang has been arrested by the police.
Various regulations will ensure that people do not take advantage by making money from the provision of higher education.
In South West Khasi Hills, there are 2 high risk contacts.
f 1st November 2018 from DERT website obtain from the following offices on production of Treasury Challan ofonly for each paper ( Paper—I for classes I— V Paper —II for classes VI-VIII) deposited under the Head of Account “0202-Education, Sports and Arts and Culture-01-General Education-600-General-(01)-Examination Fees" within detailed estimates of revenues and receipts Vol-I, during 2018-19.
Therefore, if we live and live in places where there is no culture, customs, dress, language, writing, reading, way of life and thinking, it is difficult and see the shisha.
“As of the eighth day of Operation Kaveri, 3,195 Indians have been released.
However, the KHADC under the leadership of Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit has been able to bring the two sides to the peace talks.
Even so, it has not been found where the coal, which according to the Government's estimates, is 13 lakhs metric tonnes.
“You have seen the strength of the party since the public meeting held last month, where the party has been able to confirm its office bearers in the area through Bah James. Lyngdoh, State Vice President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Trinamool Congress, along with Dr. Mukul Sangma and others.
At first glance, it would be better for the party to accept Rahul's resignation to know exactly how the party will be.
The 10 Bed ICU Project was launched following the outbreak of COVID-19, with the aim of providing specialized health facilities across the state including remote areas. .
The soldiers admitted that the incident occurred when the two men did not obey the orders of the soldiers to stop the bike.
The competition for the victory on that day will be very interesting in which these fan clubs will also have players who have played for other prominent clubs in the country and the state as a whole. The winner of the tournament will also receive a cash prize of T.15,000 and specially made trophies.
Under the leadership of its president, Bah Robinson Nongrum, the union has sent a letter to the Syiem of Khyrim Hima, the CEM of KHADC, the EM in-charge of Land and the DC East. HYC Mawryngkneng Circle strongly opposes the proposal by the HYC Mawryngkneng Circle to sell the land without thinking about the problems and sufferings of the people. The children of the future generations even after witnessing with their own eyes the problems that other villages have already faced in the areas where there are such bases.
It is to be recalled that during the Meghalaya Games 2022, the MSOA has been criticized by many churches for spreading photos and videos on social media that the athletes have had to sleep in the venues. dirty and dirty water, uncleanliness of outdoor places.
Shillong.
Shortly after, Prodipta was able to reopen the shop through the permission of the court which gave her a few days to remove the goods from the shop, but when the time expired, the KHADC authorities left. Prodipta has lodged a complaint with the owner of the shop.
Three priests of the Malankara Orthodox Church in Kerala have been sacked for allegedly deceiving and taking advantage of a woman to prostitute herself. in confession in church.
A 30-year-old man has been sentenced to 25 years imprisonment by the Assam Police on the 22nd of this month. for his involvement in illegally marrying a 13-year-old minor.
O people, think for yourselves and compare yourselves with this NPP party and the MDA2 government.
The Dorbar Shnong said that tourists from all over the state and Assam used to visit this place and leave behind tons of garbage, including bottles that were broken in this place. hang.
When the residents of the village asked him how he got to the village, he replied that he had just walked around because he didn't know where to go and especially how to get there. for these days he had been a wanderer without money, without food, without drink, and had eaten as much as he could.
“Your support for the party which stands firm on the foundation of clean and true democracy gives us hope that one day Meghalaya will become a state. to set an example to others in good governance of which we can be proud.
The Zo ethnic groups cannot accept the Indian border with Myanmar mentioned by the British, but they have a dream of becoming one again, under one government one day, he said.
In another incident, Custom officers on November 14 seized 50 bags weighing up to 950 kilograms of Rynsun of Chinese origin and bearing the name Huaguang. which are believed to be smuggled through the border areas.
Dozens of vehicles from Meghalaya House through Nongpoh, Umsning also took part in the welcoming ceremony. Hundreds of people including students of Deni Linda, Persara and teachers came to celebrate the ceremony.
Rupang.com is still following up on the incident.
Government schools, deficit schools, adhoc schools and private schools.
The village headmen alleged that the work has been delayed until these days, due to the negligence of the MLA/MDC of the area.
JM Pohsngap, Secretary Rotary Club Jowai.
“You can't accuse me of the same thing for many years and I don't go to the election campaign to explain this issue but I go to court to give an answer. which is the place to hear this issue,” she added.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Hamlet said that the Block Offices are like a bridge between the government and the people. provide better service.
West Garo Hills and Ri Bhoi District came second and third respectively.
" I call upon you to fight and stand with them.
Shillong, July 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the government has not received any exact information on the suspected death of three persons in a coal mine in East. Jaintia Hills.
This road will also provide traffic to Polo, Nongmensong, NEIGRIHMS Hospital and Shillong New Township.
Before concluding his speech, Bah Ardent asked the people to decide whether the VPP will continue to fight against this issue or whether it will stop. They stood up to raise their hands as a sign of support for the VPP to continue to fight for this post.
To fight against the evils of society which have become increasingly prevalent these days especially from the spread of drug users and drug traffickers, the Dorbar Shnong Panaliar Jowai has issued a strict village ordinance and imposed a fine of up to T .70 thousand and will not be handed over to the law enforcement authorities.
At present, it is reported that some of the MLAs against Mukul Sangma have met on many occasions to discuss which path to take.
I don't think this will put pressure on the OCA because China has already approved for all the athletes to participate in China," Wei said.
Replying to a question by Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh in the House today, Prestone said that in 2017-18, there were 4 incidents, 6 incidents in in 2018-19 and 10 in 2019-20 in West Jaintia Hills.
“It is after we have inquired which of these tourist attractions needs to be cleaned up and in the inquiry we have found that this is the dirtiest valley from what we know and that is why I will not go down to this valley of Moses,” said the statement.
“The delegation from Garoland, Gorkhaland, Bhundelkhand, Ladakh, Vidharba, Bodoland, Karbi Anglong and Tipraland will leave for Delhi for the sixth session of Parliament in November.
Good decision.
Police have taken the girl to Shillong and handed her over to her family.
We have full confidence in his leadership and wish him the best,” he added.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, on the other hand, stressed that the thlen drinks only the blood of the Khasi and not the blood of other ethnic groups. It is through this that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that it is necessary that the Menshohnoh superstition should be eradicated as well as the taro, aibih and others. Prestone said, 'These superstitions are diseases for which there is no cure. “But we must find a cure for superstition,” he said. He praised the writer and said that it is an honor for the country and the nation to produce such writers who will promote the writing of the people. read.
Also present on the occasion were the Block Development Officer of Jirang C&RD Block, Dr. PR Hajong, officers from various departments, SHGs and others. Village Leaders and residents of Patharkhmah-Jirang.
However, according to the evidence and findings of the Seng, all the illegal vehicles seized by the council employees from 1 September 2018 to 29 February 2020 are 58,2 three hundred and fifty thousand and one hundred and ninety-three.
Lebanon's captain Hassan Maatouk scored the first goal of the match from a free-kick in the 24th minute.
Mawkyrwat, March 27: The residents of Pyndensohsham village under Ranikor Civil Sub Division, South West Khasi Hills District today expressed their dissatisfaction with the village council. The PMGSY road from Umpung to Pyndensohsham has been painted because the completion of the contractor is also slow and does not meet the budget.
Langsning, the Shillong Premier League champions, have decided not to take part in the Second Division I qualifiers this time. League.
Dap billion: Meaning (specific).
Valentine Pangniang was elected as President, Tobias Iawren as Vice President, Aibor L Nonglait as General Secretary and three Joint Secretaries including Anthony Marbaniang, Gregory Syiem and Johnpaul Iawphniaw. Donbok Dkhar was elected as Finance Secretary, Peter Thyrniang and Thomas Jones Kharbani were elected as Convenors of the Youth Wing while Lusibia Thyrniang and Elinda Thyrniang were elected as Convenors of the Women's Wing.
Furthermore, Bah Titosstarwell promised to donate 20 lakh tyngka from the MDC scheme to the school to provide assistance to the school in many needs before upgrading it from secondary to higher secondary school.
Referring to the use of money during the elections, he said that a lot of money is needed to contest the elections, more than 5 crore tyngka, but he said He said that the government does not want him to spend money in the upcoming elections.
Shillong: In collaboration with the Sumo and Indica Riders Association of Pynursla, Rupang.
The Governor's residence was built after the Jumai bah 1897 which destroyed the houses in Shillong in previous years.
Here we learn and know for sure that people don't use true love properly anymore. Once I went to sleep in the Civil Hospital.
Nongpoh, July 14: Three shops have suddenly caught fire this morning in Nongpoh, Down Gate after a fire broke out. Theft, which has caused a huge loss to the shopkeepers.
The BSF truck and the motorcycle were coming from Barik Point area and the motorcycle had given a sign to enter the Civil Hospital, Shillong, but suddenly the truck collided with another vehicle. The BSF troops went to stop and throw the tuk-thuk from the nar-kah-kjat which made the man angry as he was carrying his wife and child.
In the first innings, Laitjem CC managed to score 121 runs for 2 in 17.1 overs.
“We want to make it clear that we will pay all the money after the work is completed,” said Bah Syiem.
On this occasion, some of the principals of the college gave speeches and what is more surprising is that even though they were able to open these classrooms to the public, they expressed their deep sorrow. , because they have faced many difficulties in running the college and that is because there have been no leaders who have taken the initiative to develop the college, which is also the only one that has provide training to students in the area.
The rich tribes are increasing in wealth and the poor tribes are increasing in poverty.
This will also apply to those involved in the sexual abuse of minors.
The tournament is part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the Association in the journey to promote sports in the district.
At the meeting, UDP MDCs Teinwel Dkhar, Jambor War, Ryngkatlang Lyndem and Bindo M. Lanong were present at the meeting. as the new leader.
The Kur said that after inquiry and investigation from his family members, it was learned that Jimmy is not from the Kur Sutnga but from the Kur Pdang.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 13,186 and the death toll has risen to
(which is the time)'
The union has demanded that the authorities especially the incharge of the civil hospital should take responsibility for the wastewater from the hospital. “If you don't do anything about this, you will take action against the hospital,” said the statement. P.S.Phawa WJNC President.
Some of them are harvested after being harvested and used to cook food.
“The MPCC President and Dr Mukul Sangma have left.
The greatest success will be the victory against COVID-19, not the certificate of excellence.
He also promised to discuss with the Chief Minister the demands of the All Jaintia Muster Roll Workers and Labor Union (AJMRW&LU).
There will also be a special sub-committee to oversee the implementation of this project.
The heavy rainfall this time has shown this.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Baïamutlang Sungoh said that at present there are many problems faced by them such as the hall space, the equipment and many of them we have to buy ourselves. The authorities would like to help in providing a boxing ground because as boxers they intend to compete abroad and at the same time it will produce more boxing stars from the district.
The BJP has already decided to contest from both the Shillong seat and the Tura seat. This statement was made by only a few members of the BJP Meghalaya Mandal (Meghalaya State). , the highest authority in Delhi has not yet commented.
Shillong: On 30th November 2023, a complaint was received from Sadar Police Station that on 29th November 2023, at 6.45 pm, a man, dressed in his own clothes, entered the residence of Janaki. You are (70) years old.
He said that some funds have been allocated for the Legislative so that they can spend for some time before the Financial Year.
“Due to the lack of compliance with the Service Rule, AYUSH doctors who are Government servants have not been admitted yet,” he said.
Referring to the MDC election, Dr Kara said it is still difficult to announce the names of candidates soon because the party still has to consider the candidates who have already applied for tickets because there are too many candidates. There are about 7 to 8 candidates from each constituency.
The public can also buy and sell goods at this mall.
He added that the people of Mawlynnong are hospitable to tourists, they show a pleasant attitude and the influx of tourists to Mawlynnong is very high these days.
The rules directing these three regional committees to work include that they should work in collaboration with the regional committee set up by the Assam government and that they should check the names of their members. villages, recognized by the Government of Meghalaya, with the names of villages, which are included in the list of village names of Assam; then to look at the geographical location of these villages and their neighboring areas; to check the number of inhabitants, according to the census and their ethnicity; to establish a register or public asset register in the villages, set up by the two state governments; Then to visit each village and talk to the villagers, who are in these areas, including members of the Autonomous District Councils and other villagers, to understand the condition of this area. ; to take into account the areas close to the time spent in government offices or administrative units and to empower the committees to recruit more members if they feel necessary.
We have heard the complaints of the residents about the low price of LPG which has affected their budget.
He said that as the party, they express their disagreement with the demand of these people living in Them-metor.
Ma Lakmen Rymbui said that the police have lodged complaints against about 85 people from across the state under various provisions of the law.
It is alleged that the suspect is from Syndai village, Ma Bhoi Shylla alias Bhoi. The 8 soldiers were handed over to the Muktapur PP and police. the complaint was also filed.
He said the government wants the participation of all the people to give their views on the Tenancy Bill and this consultation will open the door for the people to give their views on the Bill to strengthen the bill. to prevent the entry of foreigners into the state.
Nongpoh: The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday said that a body has been recovered from a place near the Topcem Cement Godown at 9mer Baridua. The body is still in the morgue at Nongpoh Civil Hospital.
This Gospel of love covers and encompasses all; by love Jesus touched and included lepers, tax collectors, fishermen, women, eunuchs, Greeks, Gentiles and others.
After the programme, the winners were announced with Hamebanjop Jyrwa in the first place, Susana & Group in the second place and Deibanjop Syiemlieh in the third place. and along with 5 awards.
“The government and various other supporting groups working together with one aim to become champions, I am very happy with their victory.
HANM on 3rd November 2023 held a protest in Delhi at Jantar Mantar to demand the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the 15th Schedule, the implementation of the Inner Line. Permit (ILP) within the state and to resolve the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
“Out of these petrol stations, 90 percent of the employees are foreigners and in the district there is only one petrol pump where a resident of this area has been appointed as the manager,” he said. he said.
Himanta said the Survey of India has now started surveying the seven sites that have been arranged between the two states.
The number of cases worldwide has risen to 3.6 million and the death toll to 380,180, according to Johns Hopkins University.
“When you look at the parties in the MDA government especially in the cabinet meetings, they don't even want to look at each other face to face because there are differences within the party,” he said. .
We have already directed the Syiem of Hima Khyriem and the Syiem of Raid Nongtung, as well as the Rangbah Shnongs, to submit their documents, so that when the time comes, there will be a meeting between the Regional Committees of Assam and the Regional Committees. Committee of Meghalaya, we will be able to speak clearly, to discuss these villages,” said Bah Tynsong.
Justin Marboh scored the third goal for Mawlynrei.
“Linda how do you know home? I am glad that you have come to my house, even though you see that I live only in this two-room house.
It was through this video that the youths became angry with the police and came forward to express their anger with a mass protest.
He said that the BJP leader had entered the house of the woman and when she saw that her children were not going to school, she asked why they were not going to school. He replied that he didn't have the strength to go to school because he was too poor.
The death toll in Spain has risen to 551 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total to 19,0
The Telugu Desam Party (TDP) has demanded the immediate resignation of Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Balineni Srinivasa Reddy after Tamil Nadu police seized Rs 5.5 million in cash. crore from the minister's vehicle.
By Bah Staising KharbtengThe MLA of Mawlai constituency Bah Process has raised the issue on the need to increase the number of MLAs and MPs in the Legislative Assembly and Lok Sabha. T Sawkmie in the Legislative Assembly on the 24th November, 2018 is a matter that has touched the minds of many churches who perhaps all of them have such an attitude but cannot express it publicly.
According to the residents of the area, the incident happened this morning but fortunately no one was injured.
Musk said on Tuesday that Space Exploration Technologies Corp.
After these programmes, CoMSO will announce other stronger protest measures to further pressure the Government of India and the State Government.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has decided to lodge a complaint with the National Green Tribunal (NGT) against the continuous pollution of the river. thousands of them.
So far, one person has died of the virus in Bangladesh, the report said.
“Yes, it's a little easier” agreed the friend and laughed. “Ha... ha ... ha...” they laughed together. November is only 4 days away and December will be a busy and happy month. to everyone.
Within the state, such schools are still rare, thus making it very difficult for parents to send their children to school for education as required by their circumstances.
In the workplace, we are also together when we have skills in any line.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said, “From today, the Regional Committees of the two states will start meetings and inspections of the existing disputed areas.
Kick Start Academy and Synroplang 77 won the final match of the Women's League sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association.
Mawkyrwat, Lber, 30: The University of Meghalaya (US&TM) today concluded the fourth 4-Day Residential Training under JJM for Village Water and Sanitation Committees (VWSCs). of the South West Khasi Hills District was held at the PHE Hall, Mawkyrwat.
On the other hand, Dr. Myrboh said that what is more dangerous is the order by the NPP leader to arrest immediately without following the rules of law those people who shout 'slogan'.
“I cannot say whether I will win or lose, I am not weak or strong,” said Ma Shibun.
“We need to know the time when the Government will set and unless the Government sets the time when it will fulfill its promise, we as FASTOM will not stop standing together to demand what. that we should have," he said.
These include 7 East Khasi Hills, 1 West Garo Hills, 1 Ri Bhoi, 1 South West Garo Hills, 3 West Jaintia Hills, 1 West Garo Hills and 6 South West Khasi Hills.
“The village authorities of Darang have ordered the residents of Darang not to drink anymore, except to wash their clothes,” said the General Secretary of the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF). Region, young Leader G Simply.
The Minister said it is the government's goal to complete the project.
Also present on the occasion were the President of the Union Dr. Aman War, Bah Joe Marweiñ, MSA office bearers, management and children. Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Paia said that the Meghalaya Soft Ball Association will take the opportunity to host the Meghalaya Games in Tura. The tournament was held as a demonstration and through this Bah Paia hopes to get more players to take part in the coming years.
The incident occurred at the port of the river and the affected area is on the Khasi side.
