The newspaper also reported that the chairman of the GNLA has threatened to order people to shoot and beat the prison staff.
Nazareth Hospital has 55 hospitals and 52 hospitals.
“The children of the king cannot commit any religious act without the judgment of the Trekirot,” said Bewil. He also reminded that the world has three layers, one is the Sih. Heaven, earth, and the religion of Ra.
On the other hand, Bah Gilbil, besides his work in these handicrafts, he also has a talent in singing and playing these traditional instruments which he has made himself. from time to time when he was free and when he stopped from these works which he had done.
It is a sign or example of the Archbishops' sharing of the religious authority above the Pope, who has delegated to the High Priests to administer the branches or districts within their own religious states.
Initially, the company refused to pay the salary, but after a long discussion and the insistence of the union leaders, the company agreed to pay the salary to the employees. months to come.
“In the rule of law, we need a large party to get a stable government with only one party to rule so that we can provide better services," he said.
The Cabinet took this decision after discussing and approving the recommendation of the 7th Pay Commission.
He said that most of them are from the southern regions like Kerala, Tamil Nadu; Thousands of students from outside Meghalaya including students from Meghalaya who went to study in different states of India have been scanned. I don't have any symptoms of covid1
What is the meaning, what is the matter he knows better.
Regarding this incident, the BSF officials today visited the village to calm the villagers but the villagers have made it clear in front of them that they no longer trust the Indian BSF troops, because “They have become the protectors of foreign thieves,” said Bah Kongwang.
Shillong, Naitung, 07: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday demanded that the JHADC should not issue a No Objection Certificate (NoC) to the JHADC. North-East Frontier Railway (NFR) has asked the Government to complete the railway line in Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District while the Government has not been able to introduce strong laws to prevent the illegal influx of foreigners. You are from the state of Meghalaya.
Leaders who attended the meeting included former Prime Ministers Gowda and Jagadish Shettar.
He said that only 9% of the population in the state have Aadhaar while Assam is the smallest state in India with only 7% of its population having Aadhaar.
“The social agreement between Meghalaya and Assam is in the spirit of Sabka Saatth Sabka Vikas and through this they will always be able to resolve the border issue and this will also be an inspiration to others. pat that state spirit".
If they tell those problems of theirs, who will give them protection.
What we are afraid of from this police news is the infiltration of militant groups from Nagaland.
Deibormi Rangad was named Man of The Match for the second time after a good performance.
The mother, children and Bhalang were delighted to visit the Sohra area which is famous not only in India but also in the world for its beauty.
Referring to the lack of computers in the area, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, who is also the Minister of Information & Technology, said that he will do his utmost to improve the quality of computers in the area. bring computers to the site.
My husband is dead and I’m trapped along here now.
there will be no change.
Shillong: A house has collapsed this morning at Laitlarem, Nongspung Circle, Mawphlang C&RD Block, Shillong.
Cardinal Charles Maung Bo SDB, DD said that he has heard stories from Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala SDB DD about this religious state and now it is empty and he cannot. he was present in this prayer.
Today, the KVK West Jaintia Hills District, Wahiajer received the distribution of rice seeds from Dr.D Paswet who is in charge of the office of KVK West Jaintia Hills District.
If the Police Outpost has been set up since those times in Psiar, it is clear that the Assam government would not have opposed it at that time.
Among the nine candidates, six will be in athletics, two in weightlifting and one in Karate.
In another incident, BSF troops from BOP Barsora, South West Khasi Hills district, arrested a coal trader identified as Jentil Marak, 40, of 04 Nos Basti. , Barsora, under Barsora PS, South West Khasi Hills while trying to smuggle from India to Bangladesh.
Those parties who think they can divide us are wrong, because we have a strong belief in unity and cooperation for the development of the State,” said the NPP leader. Two young women who are members of the Choir of Umdang Presbyterian Church, West Khasi Hills, have died after a vehicle carrying them and others who were singing together, collided with another vehicle. The meeting was held at Mawkhumkha village.
At the meeting held on the 28th of this month, General Manoj Pande discussed issues related to the current situation in the state as well as the The army has been able to take steps to restore peace and order in the state.
Shillong, Nailar 3: One man has died while four others have been injured; The incident happened while these five persons were working to install a new electricity supply in Laitkor-Mawarliang village.
I wish you all the best in this choir.
Do they talk? Amit Shah has promised to hold talks with Conrad Sangma after Christmas 2019 on the issue.
To set up an Out Post at Umdohlun as the distance from Mawkyrwat is 50 km and from Ranikor to Umdohlun is 40 km for the convenience of the people.
They also said that as of now, the tenders issued in various Government departments, such as Water Resources, PWD, PHE and others, have been only as a formality, but the truth is It is true that these tender works will be awarded only to those who have the recognition of the authorities.
I continued to sit alone with my mother and asked why this child is like this?, I said since last night when I came home, I was told only about the end of the world, then I understood that I was too scared. it affects the mind.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Friday launched the Yashaswini; a group of motorcycle drivers who are members of the CRPF Shillong.
In 2014-15, out of 40,30,409 abortions, 39,52,043 abortions were performed by women and in 2013-14, 43,03,568 and 42,13,172 abortions were performed.
They are Rejaz M Sydeek and Sarath S Thambi.
Part: 2 – God thought to destroy mankind, but He found pleasure in only one man, Noah. for I have repented that I made them.
The Sengkhihlang Youth Association will hold its second tournament this year at Swer Village on the 26th and 27th of this month.
Speeches were also delivered by the Waheh Shnong of Namdong B, Damian War, John Paul Lipon, Legal Volunteer.
Many homes were destroyed by the hail and storm.
God says, “For Zion (Jerusalem's) sake I will not be silent” Isaiah 62:1
Indeed, faith teaches the words of love, tolerance and breeds a fighting spirit.
Knowledge of God is eternal life and eternal life does not mean only life after death.
According to a statement issued by the SP, the body was found on the 24th of last month, and after the post mortem, it is still inside the house. The body was taken to the Civil Hospital.
Shillong, July 30: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has strongly criticized the government for defending against the Minister of State, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, for her involvement in the illegal appointment of LP school teachers by removing the rightful teachers. .
Cash awards will also be awarded to the winners of their categories, both male and female, and also to the winners of the Yogasana categories.
Speaking to the people who came to encourage him in front of the Additional Secretariat on Tuesday evening, Bah Ardent said that the government has no intention of appointing members to the committee. He said that he did not want to talk about the Roster System from the beginning, but he demanded to renew the Reservation Policy which has been in force for more than 50 years.
This shows that women are better at developing the brain through a variety of stories.
The Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) in collaboration with the Women and Child Development Department will conduct a motorcycle ride across the country with the Yashaswini motorcycle riders group to celebrate the rights of women. the Woman Shakti of the country.
M.Premjit Singh, Joint Secretary Agriculture Department, Government of Nampui, Agriculture Officers in Ri Bhoi District, Officers from other government departments, farmers and other dignitaries.
Soon, the United States of America will connect the country to the moon by rail.
Khanapra Police Station together with CRPF rushed to the quarry to conduct investigation and after reaching the scene they found that the robbers had already fled. The color of this song of money is very important.
woi-ly-woi: to speak in public in a small country.
Children and women were also abducted.
Speaking to media, the President of the Union, Bah Blickstar Sohtun, said that the Meghalaya government is still misunderstanding and does not know exactly the boundary.
The Myntdu River flows from Mih Myntdu and flows around Jowai to Bangladesh.
Don't waste your life.
KHNAM said that since the BJP came to power, we have seen attacks on churches and Christian leaders from time to time.
Mukhla Wahiajer MDC Ailad Bhoi distributed foodgrains to the residents of Mukhla Nongrim on Monday.
The wisdom of Soso Tham was completely lost, in the desire for wealth.
Agerilaus says “what strengthens a city is not the trees around the stones or the walls but the lives of its inhabitants.
Ksan was surprised because they came too late.
Rambrai, Nailar 26: Several elders and youths of Rambrai Jyrngam area have suggested that it would be better for Bah Kimfa Marbaniang to contest, lead the UDP and leave the party. Because in the opinion of many, the NPP will not be able to win in Rambrai.
According to the Custom official, the intention of these people is to smuggle these illegal goods in the city and elsewhere.
The official announcement was made in Rome on Saturday, June 4, 2023 at noon.
He appealed to the people of 3 Raliang to allow and support him.
Yes, (according to the Bible) manna fell from heaven, but manna is meaningless unless the food distribution system is clean and fair.
At the same time, he said that if he wins as MP, he will be the ksiang of the nation, not to sit on the throne.
Ma Shaniahskhem Dkhar +91 69094 10432.
It was after the Dewani of Bengal and from 1774 that the French began to attack the Khasi Hima, such as the Hima of Nongstoin, Mawiang, Maharam, Jaintia, Shella and Sohra.
The issues that the opposition has promised to bring to the House include the use of violence in the state, the social peace agreement signed between the Central Government, the State Government and the Achik National Volunteer Organization. Council (ANVC) and ANVC (B), the intention to hold elections to the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC), the failure in the governance system which has led to the loss of many precious lives of policemen in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC). the fight against insurgents especially the opportunity for insurgents to infiltrate the police force.
The border area of ​​Meghalaya and Assam has been neglected in the past 50 years by various governments.
“I feel sad when so many buildings remain unused for years after opening.
During a recent visit to Ri-Bhoi, it was seen that there are still many farmers who have not yet harvested their rice and it may take months to harvest the rice.
He understands very well how frustrating it is for her.
This led to the country gaining independence on 15th July
Maharashtra has reported 3,427 new cases of coronavirus and the death toll has risen to 3,8
Barr first came to Khasi Hills in 1934 and in 1940 she became a Lecturer of English at Lady Keane's College and in 1941 she was invited by the Government to teach and become Headmistress. at Government High School in Jowai.
Ion Phawa scored the first goal in the 50'
During the meeting, the Director of DSEL also congratulated the union for raising these issues and promised to follow up so that this work can be expedited for the benefit of the residents. villages and districts as a whole.
The visit will be from 29th July to 2nd June
Speaking at the meeting, the President of the SBCC, Bah Phrang Kharpan, said that on what basis will the MLA of Sohiong resign after he has already explained to the media that he has nothing to do with it? “We have the right to demand but they must prove their allegations,” said Bah Phrang.
The following issues are how the government intends to introduce and plant this tree in our country.
Langsning FC have now earned 12 points from Shillong Lajong FC. Apart from Rangdajied who are in first place, those in fourth place are still able to move in the games. follow.
This year's theme of the MET Gala is very different and the guests will be actors, singers, models, filmmakers and many more.
During the visit, the Committee met with the Syiem of Langrim Hima, the land owners and the residents of the surrounding area. Deputy Commissioner.
“The PHE has committed an illegal act of distributing bad water to the people and this is the reason why people have contracted human diseases, affecting the body, skin, skin. They said it is surprising that according to the information received through the Information Act from the PHE, it has been shown that the department has not There was no chemist or microbiologist to look after the testing of drinking water.
Dr War said that some of those who have the disease are healthy and asymptomatic and many of them are treating themselves. at home and at the Corona Center.
“We are still concerned about this,” said HNYF General Secretary Sadon Blah while talking to reporters after a meeting convened by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills Sanjay. Goyal's meeting at the Soso Tham Auditorium today.
There has also been a lot of criticism in the past when preachers from other faiths went to the villages in the rural areas and because of the backwardness in education, the Many have lost their knowledge, although some have joined for various reasons.
He said that the National People's Party (NPP) has called for cooperation since the day the results were announced but he and Bah Gavin M Mylliem, MLA Sohra have agreed and kept their promise that the party will lead the party. Government.
Albert G. Momin, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, Williamnagar, has been transferred and appointed as Additional Deputy Commissioner, East Garo Hills District, Shillong.
In his reply, he said that a detailed training for Rangbah Shnongs and their assistants on how to register their names on the webportal has already been conducted by the Deputy Commissioner's Office of East Khasi Hills.
The purpose of the training program is to remind the election observers of the responsibility especially to ensure a smooth and orderly election.
The cleanliness will be from Khliehriat, Dkhiah and Lad Rymbai villages and the cleanliness will start from 8 am until completion.
Dhillon said the BSF has ensured that such an incident should not happen again.
Btaw Umstyndong SCC won the title by beating Umsoo FC 4-1 in the final of the 14th Inter Football Tournament hosted by BYWSC, Bataw, East. Jaintia Hills District which ended on the 19th of this month.
This work started in 1980 but has been going on for a long time including the number of cases.
He said the question is how they get these certificates like EPIC or MHIS and what is needed is to have order and compliance in the management of the work by the government employees.
"This means that, in order to protect all before the law, in order for them to be equal, there must be a difference in the meaning of the word Equality, when we talk about two cases that are not yet equal.
“There is no right to blame the Minister of Home Affairs for that incident.
According to information received, the Scooty was carrying two people and was on its way to Shillong, while the truck was heading towards Shillong. I don't want to go to Guwahati.
The youth managed to throw a ryngwiang khwai at the place where the woman fell and she grabbed the ryngwiang and dragged her to the ryngkew.
“If it is to be turned off for 2 hours, it should be the same for all, not to discriminate whether it is for the urban or rural areas,” he said.
In this regard, if anyone is found guilty, they will be punished according to the rules.
Regarding the KSU railway strike, the Chief Minister said that the KSU's strike is to take measures to disrupt the peace and order from the construction of the railway line. the government is wrong.
Besides these, the government has also set up Rongjeng Civil Sub Division in East Garo Hills and Dalu Civil Sub Division in West Garo Hills.
The number of tests conducted till 2 pm today is 1,09,518, 1,04,937 negative, 1,134 awaiting results. to 35,237 people.
The award was presented to him by the President of India, Droupadi Murmu at the Defense Investment Ceremony held at Rashtrapati Bhavan on 27th July
Its branches are covered with bright green leaves.
In Chris’s personal opinion as long as he enjoys acting he will continue to do so and will continue to sign many films for years to come.
In his speech as the chief guest, the Environment Secretary of KSU South West Khasi Hills District, Plosborlin Kharjahrin said that the planting of trees to improve the environment and the surrounding areas is important. It should be held only on the 5th of July but it should be held every day because the widespread felling of trees in these days has been terrible and the weather has changed as time goes on. the days of the heat are not understood.
Meghalaya will get a 616 km road at a cost of T.12,500 crore.
At the end of the meeting, the MLAs from Ri Bhoi, including Sosthenes Sohtun, Jirang MLA, Nongpoh MLA, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, Umsning MLA, Charles Marngar, Mawhati MLA and Damanbait Lamare, MLA Umroi, while speaking to reporters, requested the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, to take action to inform the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The State Government has already taken this decision, which is very important for the people of Ri Bhoi.
Guwahati: Mizoram Police have filed a complaint against Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, seven other government officials and 200 policemen for involvement in riots on 26th November 2021 at the border. of the two states.
Shillong: On the 13th June 2021, the state has been severely affected by the Covid-19 pandemic and the number of cases has increased significantly today compared to the previous days. There have been 591 new cases and 228 recoveries today.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 8: The government's inability to provide the necessary services at the Parïong Primary Health Centre, has caused the public to face difficulties when they go for treatment when they are sick.
The Minister said that such a public awareness campaign will be very important to explain and educate the people so that they can protect and think about avoiding the disease.
The Prime Minister said that through the support of the leaders, the government intends to benefit the local entrepreneurs.
“Now Meghalaya has become a leader because of leaders like PA Sangma,” he said.
However, the doctors of the Government Hospital informed that the Longkmie had died before being taken to the hospital.
Besides, they said that what is more surprising is that the cleaning of the road is like buying a new dress.
Violet is one of the youths who completed the 45-day Training for Business Start-Up which started in June this year.
Synrem said the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has sent a letter to the Commissioner and Secretary in charge of Planning on 27th June 2022 ordering the appointment of Bajop Pyngrope as Chairman. The RPDB for Khasi Hills and Rakesh K Sangma as Chairman of the RPDB for Garo Hills in the Category A.U. However, the difference between the implementation of these two RPDBs during the time of Dr Lapang and Conrad is that during the time of Dr Lapang the Chairman of these RPDBs were Government Ministers. Dr Donkupar Roy, Symbud Prime Minister, for Khasi Hills and Dr Mukul Sangma, Minister of State for Garo Hills,” said Synrem.
Opposition Leader Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh also asked whether there are any government land which has been affected by the illegal occupation.
Shillong: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) will start from the 14th of this month to administer injections to people aged 18 to 44 years, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. Prestone Tynsong.
Shillong: The Trinamool Congress (TMC) has nominated former Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh as its candidate for the Lok Sabha MP elections from the Shillong Parliamentary seat next year.
The DC said the government has already prepared their accommodation.
Short speeches were delivered by Eleazer C Dkhar President UDP Mowkaïaw Constituency, M. Rympei President Laskeiñ Block, Daniel Dkhar Secretary Raliang Mokyndeng Nongkynrih and Apdamei Papiah President Sahsniang.
“Therefore, for all other departments, the age limit for application has not been increased, while the age limit for application has been increased from 27 to 32 years for all other departments. work so that many people can apply.
These include EGH: 17, EJH: 34, EKH: 235, NGH: 11, RBD: 06, SGH: 10, SWGH: 10, SWKH: 00, WGH: 135, WJH: 66 and WKH:
After the shooting death of the Commander-in-Chief of the GNLA, Sohan D Shira, in June 2018, the armed group has been in turmoil and those who remain have been arrested or surrendered. they just disappeared.
The unemployment rate in rural areas is 42% and in urban areas it is 20% of the state population.
For me, I feel like I have lost my own father and he used to teach us and command us, just like a father does to his own son.
Donot spare them but Kill both man and woman, child and infant, ox and sheep, camel and donkey “(…….
And the people, from the greatest of them even to the least of them, even their king, put on sackcloth and ashes, and proclaimed a fast, and turned from their evil ways; they begged God to have mercy on them.
He also criticized the payment of salaries once every 3-4 months in this age of technology, where the government does not have the problem of paying the salaries of teachers every month by sending them directly to their bank accounts.
East Khasi Hills has 156 cases and West Khasi Hills has
Wa'sa scored through Gilseng Momin (8') and Threesbirth Momin (62').
It is learned that this Dorbar will be able to discuss and discuss many issues related to the society for the children of the 7 Trep 7 Skum who hold fast to the traditional faith. as it was written by the Longshwa Ancients.
However, surprisingly, trucks carrying up to 40 tonnes are still running smoothly and this action of the government has upset the passengers.
He said there were four to six candidates from this constituency and the election committee of the state will decide and give the most suitable names among them.
The Tribunal issued the order after hearing the appeal by Government Counsel Ranjan Mukherjee against the 2011 decision of the Divisional Bench of the Gauhati High Court ordering MUDA to demolish the illegal structures along the river. The crown.
In the SPL U-18, Langsning beat Rangdajied Unoted 0-1 with the goal scored by GV Lyngdoh.
Such writings are harmful and threaten the whole world. The same is true if in our villages we speak or act shyly, we look at or see others as mere jynreiῆ or riewpoh ki. who have no right to live and whose lives are worthless, only then will there be war and bloodshed.
Shillong: Two organizations including the All Jaintia Hills Social Welfare Organization (AJHSWO) and the Hynniewtrep Students Union (HSU) have received a complaint from Smt.
The suspect, who escaped from the police yesterday, was arrested by the Byrnihat Police Outpost on charges of involvement in murder.
He added that the Roster is a scheme to implement the reservation policy in the right direction.
He said that he too has the same concern and praised the UDP leaders for bringing this issue for discussion. to express the problems faced by the people from the power outage is right.
He said the government has been slow in the implementation of the policy because on the one hand it sends them to study and on the other hand it leaves them behind.
At the same time, he informed the residents of Lummawnei that they will build the Saitjaiñ land, which has been a little long due to the arrangements with the land owners.
Now he is in prison.
From this school, 24 students have passed the matriculation examination and 19 have passed.
On the allegation by the Congress MLA from Assam, former Rambrai Jyrngam MLA KP Pangniang said that the allegation is untrue and unfounded.
The Cabinet today discussed the Meghalaya State Consumer Protection Mediation Rules in accordance with the Rules of the Government of India.
Shillong, Nailar 25: U Minister of Urban Affairs and MLA of Mylliem constituency, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that it is only at the dialogue table that all the issues can be resolved. “It is only at the table of dialogue that we can resolve our issues and not by gathering people,” said Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh. at Umlyngka Square on the MUDA border crossing where he was also invited.
“It is for this reason that I have taken action with the primary goal of fighting corruption and also to fight these problems.
There are more and more reports that many villages and civil society organizations will also join hands to plant trees on this 5th July,
However, it is different if a person is literate and educated.
“If it is true that we who passed the examination, where will we go when our rights have been violated,” said Bah Pyngrope and urged the government to follow the rules by appointing the He said that the party will also hold a meeting on Saturday 18th July at 10 pm at Jingkieng Nongthymmai and urged all the members including those who have been employed and those who have not yet been able to attend the meeting, said Bah Pyngrope.
Before that, there will be a meeting of all the alumni of the school on the 6th November at 10 pm at the Dorbar Hall Sohryngkham (Lulong).
From time to time, the government has encouraged the public to use buses and other commercial vehicles to reduce traffic jam.
In the District Development Planning Council, the Executive Committee of the Council plays an important role in discussing and implementing development projects with the Secretary JHADC. Councils have to keep the accounts in order, there is also a social audit and RTI can be requested along with other complaints if the work of the Village and Town Development Councils is poor.
“They want to destroy our culture, to introduce Manu Dharma, through Hindi.
Shillong, July 3: The Shillong Region Taxi Owners and Drivers Association (SRTODA) has congratulated the Shillong Police for relieving the traffic jam in Shillong especially during the Christmas and New Year days.
The bus was severely damaged in the fire.
The reason is that those youths who are preparing to join the army themselves, have rioted and rioted in Bihar for two days.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) has decided to inquire into the death of Manisha Turnia, who has been pregnant for 24 months.
Here I am writing what I have seen and not what I have seen, and I hope all the readers have acknowledged this truth because this is an age when the poor have no place for the rich and the powerful. The righteousness of the poor dies, while the sin of the rich lives. When will the sword of the land come again? To preserve righteousness and truth.
The candidates for this constituency include Sniawbhalang Dhar of NPP, Emlang Laloo INC, Dawan Lyngdoh of UDP, Generous Pasleiñ Independent and Rimiki Sari of BJP. There were forty thousand two hundred and eighty-eight.
Shillong: The KSU Bangalore Unit will distribute awards to the best students from Meghalaya studying in Karnataka in October 2020 in Shillong.
The SP said Pynshai Rani has been arrested by the MPDA and has 15 to 20 cases of robbery registered.
Shillong, Lber, 18: The Federal Bank of Shillong on Friday donated funds to the National Health Mission (NHM), State Government for the construction of two Maternity Labor Rooms, one at Wahkaji PHC, One in Zikzak PHC, South West Garo Hills District.
“If the government appoints bonded through interview, the government should do the same for non-bonded while they are old enough to apply for the posts,” said Bah Hero.
There was also a burning of a government vehicle of Forest Officer Ramen Das near the Rotary Synod in Haflong.
“These two ADCs have already formed their committees and have started implementing them immediately,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Namphrangmi urged the state government especially the district authorities of East Jaintia Hills to turn this fish farm into an aqua park within the district.
The handshakes and handshakes of other parties like the Congress, against the MDA government, are the usual practices in politics, because without any reason, they create their own reasons, to fulfill their demands. room as a group in the opposition.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Secretary said that Meghalaya, which falls under the Indo-Burma Biodiversity Hotspot, is rich in forests, biodiversity, plants and wildlife. and birds and animals, but due to the increase in population, this has caused a great deal of damage to the environment and the creatures in it.
On the other hand, the residents of the village from time to time have expressed their concern about the border crossing of Assam and also the fear that this village may fall into Assam.
Salan Pohleng was elected as the president, Ham Suting was elected as the vice president, Emiphial Dkhar was elected as the vice president and Lephing Pyrtuh was elected as the advisor.
AAY rice will be distributed at 35 kilos per household free of charge, PHH rice will be distributed at 5 kilos per month free of charge, while Non-NFSA rice will be distributed at 7.213 kilos per month. The price of rice shall not exceed 12.00/- per kilo and the price of rice shall not exceed 14.00/- per kilo.
Shillong: Congress President Rahul Gandhi will address a public meeting in Mendipathar, North Garo Hills tomorrow and after that, he will address a public meeting in Gaurobadha, West Garo Hills at 12.30 pm. After that, he will arrive in Tura at 2.15 pm, where he will stay tomorrow.
In the first leg of the tournament, NSA won 2-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
There are also rumors that Teilinia may join hands with the incumbent MLA of Mylliem constituency, Bah Hamlet Dohling and there are also rumors that she may contest from the PDF in the MDC election. to come.
Speaking to reporters, DP Singh said that this is not the first time that the office has taken steps to clean up the surrounding areas, but it has started a year and a half ago. It is reported that BSNL; has started to showcase its work in several places and the people of those places have followed and come out together to join hands with the office and he said that first it started by going to They tied the doors of many houses to join in but now the people have come out.
The fish were seized from Dimapur to Kohima.
Iangrai's lawyer, Phuyo Yobin, on October 31, said, “Bah Iangrai has been released on bail from all the cases by the District Court and we have been able to release him from the district jail. which was known as the correctional home last night.
The provisions of the IPC and CrPC should also be followed, he said.
The teams in the various groups are – Group-A including Bengaluru: Alchemy International FA (Karnataka), TBD (Kerala), Lakshadweep Football Academy (Lakshadweep), Churchill Brothers FC Goa (Goa), Mumbai Kenkre FC (Maharashtra).
There are three countries in Jaintia Hills; The Jaintias decided that if they wanted to get back their rights, they would have to fight against the government; The young men and the young women of the land began to prepare, to take up arms, and to carry swords; and there is nothing that cannot be done.
How the rich become animals is because they do and advocate for things that are excessive and stupid which often cause harm or repercussion to the world.
He also urged the officers to use the apps in their work.
Women's cricket tournaments have also become popular around the world and the launch of the first phase of the Women's Premier League (WPL) in India.
The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang strongly condemns the employees/companies who have not repaired the NH-6 road while the money is collected exactly without forgiving even a penny at the collection gates.
Those who create trouble will take responsibility and the law enforcement agencies will punish.
After the meeting, the staff of the council and the Executive Committee led by Ma Thombor reached an agreement.
Thus the years passed and ran without knowing and Gomer became more and more famous as the days went by.
On the other hand, APHLC President Stanley Nichols-Roy, Gen.
New schemes had to be acquired.
We have lodged an FIR against Mawiongrim Village which has taken the law into its own hands and the women have also been involved in the shooting and tied with a slipper of a young man. Shngi Mawlein South West Khasi Hills with the beating of the sister of this young boy who was physically ill.
After this, they asked for assistance from the leaders of their Union Central Body and on the part of the leaders on this day they said that they will take this matter to the district and they also said that they will go to the talk to the State Department of Health.
Geant said he was delighted to receive many telephone calls from around the world when they received news that the fish he raised had not died.
“The village authorities have sent me to investigate but why should I investigate according to the news that came out on the 18th.
Meanwhile, the celebration of Digital Day on Good Friday is a coincidence and not planned as Good Friday will change every year while Digital Day will remain on the 14th of June. u year.
Article 355 allows the Government of India not to maintain peace and order in any state or in the event of invasion by foreign forces.
This work is a sign of the ability of the people of the country to innovate.
On the other hand , Col Rajiv Malhotra , Project Director NHAI , said that there is no problem or delay in the construction of the road by the company It has asked for three months and will start the work after completing elsewhere and will soon bring in materials and machinery and has promised to complete the work within three years.
Ticket fare will be 100/- for those under 13 years and 150/- for those above.
Referring to the delay in the CBI inquiry into the incident in Mukroh, the KSU leader said, “If the state government wants to get a fair trial for these families who have lost their loved ones to ensure that there will be a clean and transparent investigation so that those involved will not be able to walk freely but will be punished according to the rules of law.
Shillong: Poishua Kharkongor, 59, has been missing since
On 20 October 1978, the students of the North Eastern Hills University and twelve colleges in Shillong, held a meeting to form the Khasi Students' Union and elected the following office bearers- (i (ii) Bluecylian Jyrwa & Aibuit S Rynjah as Vice-Presidents (iii) Geoffrey Basan as General Secretary (iv) Bertha Dkhar, Velerina Basaiawmoit, S. Marshall Nongkynrih and Bah Langstong Slong as Joint Secretaries and (v) Mrs. Miranda Hynniewta as the Treasurer.
Meanwhile, the MLA has lodged a complaint with the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly regarding the incident and believes that it is an insult to the leader of the people.
The 2022 final has played well from the start and has caused a lot of trouble to the players of Langsning although they have had some chances but they have not been able to score.
They added that the gold was brought by the travelers in well-packaged bags, some of which were made of wood and some of which were covered with fertilizer.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: Four Ministers of the MUA-II government including the Symbud Chief Minister Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, the Minister of Urban Affairs Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh and the Minister of PWD Bah Sniaw Bhalang Dhar have been arrested. Mukul Sangma, the Prime Minister.
Shillong, Naitung 23 : The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has demanded that the state government should not rush to accept and implement the new National Education Policy (NEP) 2020 in the state.
In another incident, at 6.15 pm on July 15, police stopped near BMS Fuel Station Nongsning, when a Mahindra Scorpio driven by Sujit Paul tried to pass by. search and this man was arrested.
On this occasion, the Seng has invited the former leaders from 1978 to the present.
Shillong, Lber 21: Ruling MLA Dikkanchi D Marak, wife of Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, has demanded that the government should investigate the construction of toilets in LP and UP schools. has state.
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnong Umiam to preserve the fish and also to protect the Umiam River has created many threats including people who throw drugs, throw jars, throw jars, throw garbage, quarry stones from the river. wow Umiam.
A little while later, they were able to make manure, but it was not enough.
He said the BJP will also try to collect information on how many people have benefited from the scheme.
She said the Narendra Modi government has misused the investigation teams like CBI, ED and Income Tax to prosecute those people who speak against the government.
Meanwhile, Mukul said that the members of the ANVC(B) have been treated as defectors from the ANVC and only the ANVC has appeared in the social list. Mukul Sangma said the UDP should not waste time.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 21: Many times when children reach honor in any field, it is a great joy and encouragement for the parents and sometimes when the parents see that their children have achieved When they reach glory, there is no gold, silver or wealth before them and it is only the joy and happiness that they really have that position which they have carried as parents.
In the first match between Gladiator and Veteran Combine Club Mawlai, Bah M.Blah of Veteran Combine Club Mawlai scored two goals each. William and Aibor Ranee won the Gladiator category.
Most of the residents in the rural areas benefit more and see the light until the establishment of religious groups who work hard to look after the welfare of the people whether it is in terms of health. , in the Reading of the Book or in the setting up of training programs in agriculture or in any other field.
A Head Constable of the Central Reserve Police Force on Sunday died of gunshot wounds inside Kot Bhalwal Jail in Gharota area. the city of Srinagar.
The dream of having a Science Stream in Jowai was my dream with the support of my mother and father and this dream has come true.
Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi and War are paid Khasi baiar, Meghalaya has never been in power for 5 years; load should not be obtained.36.
“I believe that no one has ever thought of setting up a special department to study the cultures of this region but now the government will do this,” she said.
If we read the writings of many on the BJP's campaign, we will understand why it is difficult to defeat it in the elections.
At the same time, it was also decided to stop the quarrying of shyiap, clothes washers, car washers and other polluters of the Myntdu River.
At least 39 foreigners were killed in the blast on Sunday morning and 28 others were injured.
In the Rs 50 lakh competition, Binita had to answer the oldest city in India and so she used the lifeline, where she spoke to her son Rohin, who answered correctly. This is Varanasi.
Nongpoh, July 28: Two children, Forme Khongji from Umkrem Village, East Khasi Hills and Wallambok Rani from Umden Arka, Ri Bhoi District, have received the Hero Award from the Indian Council for Child Welfare (ICCW), Delhi.
The nine youths include Macmillan Kharshandi, Teiborlang Kharbyngar, Ricky Dkhar, Alfready Sohtun, Vishal Deb Verma, Bijay Singh, Rohit Suting, Banteiliang Kharumnuid and Pappu Deka. Two youths, identified as Macmillam Kharchandi, lost their lives, while two of them were injured and others fled to the nearby forest to escape from his hands. paid.
The program was attended by the students of Jowai who held a rally which started from Daimasi Playground, Ladthalaboh and ended at the office where the flag was raised by the Additional Deputy Commissioner. , Jowai and P.K Borough.
He criticized the Congress by saying that the time he left the Congress has proved that it is true.
The Special Judge POCSO, while hearing the case of murder and rape of a 3-year-old child in East Jaintia Hills in 2018, has sentenced Michael to life imprisonment. .
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Jambor admitted that the use of plastic in the market has dropped to 60-70 percent and this has been achieved through the cooperation of the people.
This decision was taken after a meeting between the Muster Roll leaders and Ma M Pohsnem, Assistant Executive Engineer, PWD (RDS) Border Roads, Amlarem Civil Sub Division, who said that the authority to release their bills remains. EE of PWD South Jowai Division.
JSU War Jaintia President Eddy Kerry Pohtam, General Secretary Kerrydiam Lamin, Vice President Jai Pohshna and other members of the JSU War Jaintia have appealed to all not to spread garbage to pollute the fire. environment and to use garbage bags in vehicles.
Secy Young.
He said that Kong JU Kharpuri is a humble and gentle person who can communicate from the youngest to the oldest.
Explaining about the recruitment of these 25 youths, he said that these 25 youths were recruited at the time of hire by a company known as (Sahakar), but this company There is no information on these 25 persons.
He said that the village authority has decided to close Iaw Chyiap for 36 hours, while the shops inside the village will open during the curfew hours.
The party said that the recruitment of new members has stopped; Although many educated youths have come to apply for membership, the suspension of membership is because they want peace talks.
The 'Hanga mei' ruled and rode on horses until their parents and beloved mother and father did not respect them anymore.
Therefore, there is a need for specialist doctors to treat various diseases,” said Bah Lyngdoh and added that the lack of specialist doctors is one of the problems.
Shillong: There have been 384 new cases of covid-19 in Meghalaya today, while 397 people have recovered from the disease.
In another development, UDP General Secretary Allantry F Dkhar said that they will seek clarification from the government because in the reply sent by the government, the state government has given a copy of the proposal. to amend the Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution which has been sent by the Central Government for a long time.
There is another question – In what way did Jesus rise? The answer is that he was physically resurrected.
The village authorities of the village have closed down the church on the grounds that the land for the construction of the church has been given permission only by the Rangbah Shnong and former Secretary Shnong of the village without any knowledge. that works full.
He said that these locks and keys were made by some people like Bah Dipsi and his assistants from Laitlyngkot.
The new cases include EGH: 1, EJH: 3, EKH: 95, RBD: 20, SWKH: 2, WGH: 2, WJH: 6 and WKH:
Erwin Sutnga was one of the speakers on the occasion who spoke in Hindi, then there was another woman who spoke in Hindi. many foreigners nodded their heads in a sign of agreement.
Engineer (Dr.) Sandip Mandal, Scientist (Agri-Engineering) also gave an explanation on how to use new farming equipment and also how to make rnga-shawla.
What is more surprising is that these roads have just been renovated or repaired in the past few months and the government through the PWD department has already spent hundreds of crores of rupees.
Speaking on the decision taken by the Cabinet on Thursday, the Minister of State and Spokesperson of the MDA-II Government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the Technical University has already been approved by the The law has been in force since 2011 and this school should not be located in Tura.
Therefore, the plastic rice is fortified rice which contains vitamins such as Iron, Folic Acid and Vitamin B1
199 students from the school participated in the 2nd Assessment Camp in two sports, Athletics and Football.
“When they have made a promise, or when they have reached the birthplace, the villagers inform the village authority and the village authority will invite both parties to discuss and confirm them,” said the sordar. .
Teibor on Saturday announced that he will contest from Mawlai Constituency for the MDC election to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to be held on the 27th of June. , 2019.
The VDP has strongly condemned the smugglers of cattle passing through the Nongshken road for this act.
The Assam government this month said that 575 residents from three districts of the state have been affected by the first floods this year. current.
It has also received accreditation from the National Accreditation Board for Hospitals and Healthcare Providers (NABH) last year.
This riewhadem has a very strong and bright symbol.
As a party, we understand that the rule of law is a sacred work, it has been established by God since the time of the kingdom of Israel, the kings who obeyed God, as in the time of Moses led the children of Israel, and when there were rulers who served God, the land of Israel was a land of blessings.
The dry weather in the past few months has affected the electricity distribution system in the state due to the power outage which has lasted for 8 hours a day.
Nongpoh, Nailar 20: The HNYF Northern Region (HNYF) Northern Region today held a meeting to protest against the proposal to build a casino in Ri Bhoi. It has supported the opposition to the establishment of a casino in Ri Bhoi and has decided to strongly oppose the establishment of a casino in Ri Bhoi.
Therefore, as we have decided and approved from Delhi, we have done this for the future of the people of Meghalaya,” said Pala.
The meeting was attended by Bah S. Lyngdoh, leaders of the UDP Youth Wing, Umsning Assembly, led by Bah Anthony Sumer as President, Bah Ban Kharnaior General Secretary and others. During the meeting, the UDP leaders said that the reason why they left for the PHE office was because they had received many complaints from the PHE office. The residents of Umsning area have complained about the lack of drinking water supply, which has caused most of the riots in the Umsning area, because as it is now, the number of people has increased, where the water supply which they have relied on is very high. and the well of water in Khlieh Umtrew was no longer able to provide water.
"“What are you going to read, son...?" Mother asked, “No, Mother, I'll go with Art... It's easier and less expensive.
Shillong: At the National Conference on Land Governance in North Eastern States held on 3rd and 4th June, 2023 at Guwahati, the Territorial and Autonomous District Councils of Assam, Tripura, Mizoram and Meghalaya said that the digitization of land documents is essential for economic development.
The cleanliness drive was organized by the District Administration in collaboration with the Dorbar Chnong Tympang Club, Jowai.
The number of cases of Covid-19 in Assam has risen to 4,118 with 69 new cases.
Earlier, Deb had made a strong statement in 2018 that the internet and satellite television existed at the time of the Mahabharata.
Every day, Kong Deng, couldn't stand it anymore and the pain rose on her head and one day, she met with the funeral director at a cemetery. One evening, she went to get her husband, who was drunk and unconscious, and instead of taking him home, she put him there. husband, who was drunk, in the mortuary, in that cemetery, which is near the city.
Kevin Kharbuki scored two goals in the 3rd & 55th minutes, Mebankitlang Mawlong scored 10 goals in the 9th minute. Stevenson Kharsahnoh scored an own goal in the 38th minute.
He was appointed as Block Development Officer, Mawphlang Community & Rural Development Block.
The Balkans has already experienced several shooting incidents at a school on Tuesday, in which a 13-year-old boy shot dead eight people at the school.
In Shillong Lok Sabha constituency, there are 8,173 people over 85 years of age and 8,515 people with disabilities.
The actions of these schools only to promote only one religion, seriously affect the Constitution of the country which has made the country free to worship God.
Sylvanus Priesthood Day Rb.
They encouraged others who used to support him from other parties to come and support him this time.
He said that the people still trust him and said that Sniawbha will fight to resolve the border dispute between Assam.
We demand that Lahkmen Rymbui should resign immediately as Home Minister and should immediately dismiss all the policemen involved in this shooting incident. who is sick and shitom spirit.
Commonwealth Games silver medalist Abdulla Aboobacker has led India to their third gold medal after winning the men's triple jump.
The 7th Asian Champions Trophy is scheduled to be held from 03rd to 12th July as the opening tournament for the larger tournament to be held in Hangzhou known as the Asian Games. in November.
This public meeting of JACAMFU is part of the preparation for the public meeting, to demand the implementation of the Labor Act, for the farmers, by starting this public meeting to seek the support of the people of the whole state.
During these two days of the festival, residents from various Self Help Groups in the area as well as from outside the constituency brought their products including sohñiamtra, traditional foods, agricultural products, soybeans, wine and other items to be sold at the festival along with pearl foods.
Leaders of the KSU Mawlai Circle, who inspected the road, alleged that the collapse of the road is due to the negligence of the contractor.
However, what the people want and desire, such as that, is strictly prohibited.
“We just look at the cow, foreigners from one state come to trade freely, tens of crores of cows and the price of one cow varies from T.15 to T.20 thousand. “Regarding these issues, the cow vendors, tomorrow, will leave for Khanapara Market, by carrying placards at the market, which will start. from 12pm.
The KSU Delhi Unit has received information from the mother that her daughter, who works as a domestic worker here in Delhi, wants to return to her village. , but she did not receive any help.
The proposal to implement the National Education Policy (NEP), 2020 in colleges in the state has led to the emergence of two groups, one group that agreed to implement the NEP and another group that said it should not. to urgently implement the NEP as this will cause many problems to the children and schools.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah RC Laloo, who is in charge of the Revenue and Disaster Department, has announced that the government will provide T.1.5 lakh to those who died.
In this raid, the JHADC through the Taxation Department today found 20 shops from car manufacturing factories, shops without trading license and 31 foreigners without labor license. JHADC Employee service license.
The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah on the 17th of this month has imposed a penalty under Section 133 Cr.
On the other hand, the youth of the Presbyterian Church today prepared to take part in the cleaning of the highways, from garbage, plastic for the service to be held tomorrow at Pahamsyiem Square.
The Academy of Visual Arts of Meghalaya has organized a visual arts exhibition at ICSSR, NEHU which started on 18th November and will end on 27th November
They also decided to distribute leaflets to explain to the public the reason why they have decided to march on the 30th of this month.
The HNYF leader said that the HNYF is saddened to see the increase in the number of people from outside the state, who have come to work as day laborers in various jobs. in addition to their right to work in factories and also in other jobs carried out by contractors.
However, we forget that we have made a serious mistake by not taking care of the living things that nature has given us.
Norwegian fencing players have expressed their refusal to take part in any tournament with Russian and Belarusian players.
Because it is true that if the government sends you 1000 tyngka, you will receive only 200 tyngka.
The truck (AS 01 PC 8863) was carrying dewbilat from the factory of M/S Goldstone Cement LTD, Lumshnong to Assam.
He strongly criticized the BJP Government under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi for introducing Hindi up to Matric in the State, while he himself is being taught to speak English.
“Because they could not do what they promised, they blamed the former government,” Zenith said.
If the churches take part in elections like this, is it still possible to cleanse the country and our nation of corruption? , for they are gathered together and fellowship with the saints.
He must also have love, kindness, confidence, and impartiality.
However, later the state government clarified that the RP Chest Hospital is one of the many sites selected and not that it has finally decided to relocate them.
These are the ones who spell Khasi.
There have been many protests by the farmers, in which some of them have been injured, but until now, no one has dared to arrest these farmers' leaders, because they have been allowed to do so. The leaders, the people, went straight to the police stations, they blocked the roads.
“In the past two years, all the residents in the state have faced a serious income crisis and if you ask the Meghalaya government or the governments of other states in the state, “The country itself cannot suggest to close the dam again so we don't want to close the dam in the state,” he said.
Kejriwal said the country can generate up to 4 lakh megawatts of electricity while the demand for electricity is only 2 lakh megawatts.
The union has threatened that if the government does not resolve the issues in the appointment of SSA teachers, they will have to go to court.
“I don't know how to say yes because every time your MLA comes to me, he comes with a smile on his face,” he said.
Speaking as the keynote speaker at the Golden Jubilee Celebration of the Khasi Department of Synod College on Monday, on the theme, The Life and Work of Thomas Jones 1′′, Pastor Snaitang said that the efforts of Thomas Jones who also began to establish a Khasi literature which would raise the dignity and status of the nation so that it would no longer be despised by other great nations.
On all highways, there should be a waste collection center or garbage dump so that pedestrians and visitors can throw garbage, not to throw garbage, and every tourist attraction should have garbage dumps. jacket bread nuts.
He said that the party doesn't want to say anything because maybe Bah Danggo feels that if he joins the BJP he will win the MLA election. the wisdom of the people of Ranikor to judge and give an answer.
(1.7.2016).
From the leaders to the people, they have been slowly shouting at every moment and shla ia ia khwan by some who have been suspected of corruption, but without the rain of victory they have fallen into the trap of you paper.
After that, the Minister said that the workers have been cleaning up the part of the building which was filled with stones which had fallen in one place due to the collapse of the round roof so that the construction of the Ïingdorbar can start. fine.
The truck (AS 01FC 8513) driven by Kharwkupar was carrying dewbilat when it collided with a truck near Iawmusiang, Jowai on Tuesday night. The incident occurred at around 11:30 PM. The incident occurred at a narrow area of ​​the road before Jowai - part of the Shillong-Jowai road.
This donation will be for the fight against the Corona Virus which has caused the lockdown in many countries of the world.
Teilinia also asked whether it is true that the Iron Remover Filter has been installed by the Executive Committee. The answer received from Tynsong EM is yes.
To build only one smaller and complete stadium takes about three years.
The father is the best, the mother is the best, the son is the best... " he laughed again.
We must express our strong condemnation and demand that the law takes strong action against all those involved in this incident which has shattered the unity of the country.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that this decision was taken after a long consultation with school principals and various groups especially in the subjects of Science, Mathematics and English.
The residents of Labang Nangphyllut & Pangam Raliang Elaka and the Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum (HBCF) have submitted a petition to the CEM and expressed their strong opposition to the insulting remarks of the CEM of Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council Tuliram Ronghang. on the 29th of November during his visit to Mukroh.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong, after seeing the letter of removal from the post of Rangbah Shnong, on 30th July 2019, he convened the Dorbar of the Shnong.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Rangbah Shnong of Nonglum, Bah Mawlong, said that the signs on the ground have not been collected yet. The MeECL office said that the employees are still working in other areas where similar incidents have occurred.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: Former Jirang MLA Bah Slomik Kalwing has slammed the present Congress leaders for not having true leadership compared to the leaders of the past.
In India, the Schedule Castes and Schedule Tribes are the ethnic groups that have been introduced into India.
This is the first time that the event will be held in Garo Hills and will be inaugurated by the President Droupadi Murmu at the PA Sangma Stadium in Tura.
The KSU has given three days to these foreign workers to leave the area.
The Indian Air Force (IAF) and Army on Tuesday rescued more than 390 tourists, including 13 from Bangladesh, Lachen and Lachung. Sikkim has been affected by the floods in the Teesta River.
Thus, the Human Law in the relationship between two people is “one husband” and from them come children.
However, it is not possible for any firm or definitive conclusion to be drawn from such a small study, experts said.
“I knew I would be removed because the ruling party had a majority but I decided to speak out and put forward my voice against the decision to remove me,” she said.
Nongstoin, November 12: Police of Nongstoin Police Station on Tuesday investigated the MP election. SR Chetri has been arrested for allegedly robbing and bombing a teacher named Tengton R. Sangma from Rangsahpara village while he was returning from Nongstoin on a motorcycle. SR Chetri and I went to Rangsahpara.
As part of the celebration of World Water Day, the District Sports Officer of East Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the Public Health and Engineering Office (PHE) of the State Government will hold a marathon here. Shillong tomorrow 18th July
The two offices were inaugurated by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and Resubelpara MLA Timothy D Shira in the presence of MLAs Rupert Momin of Kharkutta constituency and Pongseng Marak of Bajengdoba constituency. and also in the presence of the Heads of District Authorities, North Garo Hills.
On the other hand, these teachers gave a detailed explanation to the students who came to listen on this day because the guidance and training is necessary for the students to know where to go and what courses to choose. According to their ability and interest, not to follow the example of others as this will lead to injury. Therefore, leaders need to show the youth how to choose their future.
Shillong, November 11: CCTC cameras to detect criminals will be operational before Christmas in Shillong in some areas.
“If we have enough jhur and jhep to feed our people, Meghalaya has done well,” she said.
It also aims to promote traditional music, dance and others.
Yes, you don't have to have a 40:40 ratio.
Former Tripura Chief Minister Ram Prasad Paul has been elected as the new Deputy Speaker of the Tripura Assembly. for this purpose.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that after a thorough discussion, a decision was taken to strengthen the decision to ban the entry points in the state from 1st November 2020 to 07th November
“The Shillong All Faiths Forum stands for unity.
West Ham have been looking forward to a good performance after coming to the bottom of the table with Vladimir Coufal not playing well, while Thilo Kehrer and Ben Johnson have dropped off. you play the game.
He said that once she has taken over as Chairperson of the Commission, she should refrain from politics, but Kong Phidalia has not ignored these but has failed in 12 elections. meeting with the help of the shitom.
“We will end the term of this EC by the end of the term.
After receiving information about this, the leaders of Nartiang village informed the Nartiang PS and Ummulong PS for further investigation.
Therefore, as the Trai Ri Trai Muluk, I would like to say that this song Ri Khasi Ri Khasi should be removed because it speaks against and deceives the Jaitbynriew. Such writings have affected the Jaitbynriew to a great extent.
“Your encouragement has been a strength for me and I will be able to fulfill my duty,” said Ferdinand Lyngdoh.
He said that the government's allowance of vehicles to enter the state from those who carry tourists has not benefited the state residents and he said that it should be done like in Sikkim where the Foreign vehicles will have to park at one place set by the government and they will take back the vehicles of the owners to take them around the places for tourists.
BB Lyngdoh, who became the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said these things in his writings about his political life and others.
This refusal of the Prime Minister has angered the leaders of FASToM and on Tuesday they announced to hold a mass protest to the Main Secretariat at 12:30 pm.
In addition, it was found that the soil in Khasi-Jaintia Hills is low in phosphate; therefore, it is useful to apply phosphate-containing fertilizer.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, said that this issue should be resolved every 40 years.
Ma Michel Kharkhongor inaugurated the sports meet as the chief guest and distributed prizes to the winners of various competitions.
At present, the profits go to the contractor and to the company.
He has not held any position because of his personal affairs,” said Bah Pyngrope.
Mawkyrwat, November 30: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today opened its office at Mawlangir, Mawkyrwat.
Those coming from Ooksi, Saphai will enter through Sahsniang, Mooshrot, Saba and reach Barato and those coming from Mynsngat-Khanduli will pass through Lad Namdong, Sanaro to Barato.
On the other hand, the residents of Mawmluh also told Bah Ardent why the factory has not been able to survive even though the government has spent billions of rupees to revive the factory. factory which has supported the people of Mawmluh and other villages in Sohra for many years.
“We cannot tell where these drugs were disposed of.
Similarly, in order to earn income and employment opportunities, the villagers must learn to set up various jobs to create jobs for themselves and others.
The traffic jam was not only on the highways, but also on the small roads and village roads. Shillong, Shillong: The city of Shillong today has been hit by a traffic jam.
Shillong: Twenty-four new cases of covid-19 have been confirmed in Shillong today.
The incident happened in Dommawleiñ of Pyndengrei WKHD, this morning, July 17 at about 5 pm during the heavy rain.
The group urged the MLAs especially those from the Khasi and Jaintia Constituencies to discuss the report in more detail so that the perpetrators can be punished according to the law.
They worked hard and found that there was indeed a lot of trouble in the GHADC and they charged-sheet or gave their decision on the findings of the investigation.
The authorities have taken measures to evacuate the damaged houses.
During the meeting, they informed the DC about the speeding of vehicles in the Laitumkhrah area, as well as the noise on the two wheels which has disturbed the hearing of the people even to wake them up. , because of the sound of the two wheels, it has been able to reach even from Nongthymmai to Laitumkhrah.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that on 31st October, when he announced the upgradation of Mairang into a district, there was a request from the residents. in this area to upgrade this area to District in June
In another match from Zone 2, Tura DCA, after suffering a defeat on Friday, was ready to return with a victory against North Garo Hills DCA at Salpara but the weather was bad. she didn’t let the game get away.
Shillong, Naitung 28: BSF troops have seized 53 cows worth T.10 lakh before being smuggled to Bangladesh from Nayabazar/Lyngkhat area, according to a statement sent by the BSF. the border troops.
Since before the end of 2020 we have seen and witnessed the protests against CAB, CAA and the demand for ILP and the outbreak of Covid 19 has destroyed the country. all activities and campaigns.
“This is what the Court wants,” said Kong Kharshiing.
He also asked for the full support of the people so that he can provide the best service on a voluntary basis.
The flesh of this insect is very tasty to eat if it is properly cleaned and if it is not cleaned it can spoil because it is too small and watery.
“These events will open up opportunities for the singers and musicians of the state who used to struggle to earn a living,” said Bah Paul.
According to the results, Sherwood Secondary School has reached the first, third and sixth places.
“Speaking on the many types of funds taken by the state government, Bah Paul said, “We will ensure that these funds are cleaned up and that there is no consequence of this funds”.
In a statement, KDA President Starwin Kharjana said, “Why does the government ignore us who are Dkoh, Matlah, Kyllut and mentally retarded? thought'.
He said that so far 1629 samples have been tested, 1557 samples have been negative and 60 samples are awaiting results.
“In 2013, the UDP won eight MLAs, but although we have been in the Opposition for five years, we have been in the Opposition and also to raise a strong voice.
Meanwhile, the government had earlier appointed two committees of inquiry into the incident.
“I am confident that I will win this mid-term election because as an MDC who has led Nongshken three times, Shella needs a change, a bad road.
Wherefore the law was our schoolmaster to bring us unto Christ, that we might be justified by faith" Galatians 3:19-2
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The State Coordination Committee of Coal Owners, Miners and Dealers Forum (STFOR) has expressed its anger over the failure of the Ministry of Transport and the Government of Meghalaya to implement the checkpoints for coal trucks. Borsora and Cherragoan, South West Khasi Hills, have been lined up since Friday evening to smuggle coal to the Bangladesh border.
The Deputy Commissioner, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, launched the flag before the start of the race and the race started from the old Deputy Commissioner's office to Rymbai PHC and back to the old Deputy Commissioner's office.
On the other hand, Samla Biangbor L Paliar, Vice President KSU Sengkmie, as the chief guest, said that sports is one of the most powerful medicines, because most of the time sports relieve diseases. and also from the evil habits in these days the spread of evil beverages such as drugs, alcohol and others.
On this basis, according to the complaint received from the village, the union has demanded from the District Council to clarify.
When they returned to Shillong four days later, they first went to the Inspection Bungalow (IB) of the PWD at Mawsynram; they beat the resident photographers and also destroyed the finished photographs.
He said that the District Court has ordered the Dorbar Shnong Umsaw to return the T.20,000 fine to him but the Sordar Shnong has refused to pay the fine. Umsaw Bah P Lyngkhoi has lodged a complaint with the District Council Court and the case is pending.
This Sohrarim Nook has transformed the youth from employment to employment.
Therefore, to 'AI EI' to the buyers of 100 kilos per shiton is unacceptable and a huge loss to the farmers.
Everyone should work hard and do his job.
LP School (Amlarem Block) beat St. Dominic HS School (Laskeiñ Block) 1-0 while Mukhla Grassroot Center (Thadlaskeiñ Block) beat Moosachram Govt.
D) and post graduate students studying science and technology to work in laboratories in accordance with the decision taken by the State/UT Governments. color / culture / religion / and political activities have been permitted to hold gatherings of not more than 100 people, only outside the Containment Zones.
The protest was also supported by the opposition political parties and the farmers' group and many people expressed their concern about the rape of girls by the leader of the lympat synjuk.
On the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Ronnie said the Congress is still determined to win Shillong again with the MPCC President and incumbent MP Vincent H Pala.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) today announced the 15 players for the BCCI Women's U-15 One Day Trophy to start in November.
Renikton said the state government has been able to resolve six parts of the border between Assam and Meghalaya through a social agreement between Assam and Meghalaya in the presence of Amit Shah in charge of Home Affairs. .
The participating institutions include the Faculty of Decorative Arts, Silpakorn University; Faculty of Fine and Applied Arts, Thammasat University; Faculty of Fine and Applied Arts, Suan Sunandha Rajabhat University; Faculty of Fine and Applied Arts, Bangkokthonburi University; Office of Arts and Culture Phuket Rajbhat University; Faculty of Fine Arts, Bunditpatanasilpa Institute of Fine Arts; and School of Informatics, Walailak University.
On the other hand, when asked about the number of Congress MLAs who have fled, Faleiro said there has been no such incident so far.
So far, 1,989 cases have been confirmed in the state, while 1,432 cases have been discharged from hospitals.
“Why will Mamata contest elections in our state?” asked the NPP leader. “I tell you the citizens of our state, vote for us. Don't follow foreign parties that are dressed in their own colour.
Many witnessed the birth of Jesus Christ like Isaiah – “For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given”.
After the meeting, a tree planting ceremony was held at the ground floor of the District & Session Judge's Office, Mawkyrwat in the presence of all those who attended the meeting.
Speaking to reporters, he said, “These teachers have been appointed as Officials or contractors in those schools where there are retired or deceased teachers and when the government needs urgently, there are teachers. the appointment of an officiate while the interview has not been completed.
The Syiem of Khyriem Hima said that there is a saying “The Hima can be divided, but the family and the religion cannot be divided”. para, when the kingdom of Shyllong was divided, the household and the religion were given to the brother of the Nongkrem family.
Thus he scattered the Jews throughout the world, and destroyed their temples, both the first and second temples, until they could no longer worship God in Jerusalem because of the I have darkened it.
Many of the foreign shops which were closed at that time especially in Iewduh have now reopened. When inquiring from KHADC, how many shops have reopened? Out of the five companies, two have now reopened and they are Maheshwary and Meghalaya Agrovet.
This should serve as a warning to mankind who has destroyed the environment to the point that it can no longer be protected.
The CEM also wondered why the Hima Mylliem cannot keep the market clean and tidy when it collects money every month. Interview with reporters after complaints from marketers about the condition of the market.
If the BJP is elected, the state will have received the ILP in just 5 minutes and we understand clearly that this is a misleading statement to the people and also the power of the NPP. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the state had promised before the elections, saying that if the NPP comes to power, their main issue will be to resolve the border issue.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Agriculture, Banteidor Lyngdoh, who is also the Acting President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) today agreed that the party will hold a meeting. to decide on the mid-term MDC elections of 26-Langrin constituency to be held on 28th October
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 93601 and out of these 91876 have recovered and 1585 have died.
What is the answer that those who have been involved as leaders in small or large groups have to give to their children, brothers and sisters and future generations if we cannot unite or support each other? threatening the future security of the country.
Jesus said, “For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? Matthew 16:26.
Shillong, Nailur: The North East India Mission Association (NEIMA) in a statement through Bah DB Ryntathiang Secretary NEIMA Building Committee today announced that it will hold a “Gospel Musical Evening cum Food Fest” on the 6th March inside the Dorbar Hall cum Indoor Stadium, Mission Compound Shillong.
In the meantime, the CoMSO has sent a clear message to the BJP leader in Meghalaya that the CoMSO will not allow the implementation of the CAA. They should leave the state immediately and she said they should not stay in the state lest they be forcibly removed.
He said that this action of MeECL has angered the land owners of more than 80 people who have been living in the villages in the Sumer area for decades. They also have complete documents registered with the DC's office or at the offices of the Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Shnong.
He said the UDP does not speak against or criticize other political parties but wants them to unite to rule the state.
This is the first treatment in the North East.
Former SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang on the 3rd of this month joined the BJP. At the same time, he announced his intention to contest from North Shillong. Constituency in the upcoming elections in
A few days ago, US President Joe Biden held a video conference with Russian President Vladimir Putin, where the talks lasted for two hours. There is no understanding between the two countries.
[This article has been compiled and posted for publication only. Many points have been omitted]
Under this scheme, 90 percent of the cost will be borne by the Central Government and 10 percent by the State Government.
After the election of Prof RS Lyngdoh as the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Paiem Jormanick (MLA) who conducted the election said, “We all know that Prof RS Lyngdoh is a scholar who knows The history of the Constitution, which is a great treasure and will help him when he conducts the Dorbar..." Other Nongmihkhmat expressed the wisdom of the first Speaker of the State.
Other Khasi Khara lived among Khasi Khara and did not recognize each other in the Dorbar Kur which was attended by about 5000 people.
Besides, a few months ago, the husband and youngest child who had to take care of her blind mother passed away.
In a statement issued by Bah FC Dkhar, Finance Secretary of the JSM, the JSM demands that the government should immediately repair the road and at the same time the government should paint it blue and not repair it anymore. only with stones and stem soil from above as it used to do in the past.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 20: The Joint Action Committee of the Kynshi Hydro Power Project, led by Bah Zandy Myrthong, Secretary of the Kynshi Hydro Power Project, has submitted a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. The Minister Incharge of the Power Department of the Government of Meghalaya is AT Mondal.
“Many of the residents of the state don't know how to speak and don't understand Hindi but the speaking of Hindi by the Chief Minister has been a sign of insult to us the nation in fact they should speak Hindi. a language for all to understand," he added.
To upgrade PHC Laitlyngkot to CHC for the convenience of the patients of the area.
There were 11 students from this school who came in the first ten out of 12 students (some with the same marks).
He said that in his opinion the time has come for the voters in Khasi and Jaintia Hills to leave the BJP for five years.
The countries surrounding it are Arab countries such as Jordan, Iraq, Syria, Egypt, Iran, Turkey and others and are called the Middle East countries.
Because this job is for the local unemployed.
Lastly, SRK starred in Zero, starring Anushka Sharma and Katrina Kaif, but the film did not go well.
He said that in the past years, many youths who want to go for training in this field from this district, have to go to other districts and others and some have to go to outside the state too, but with the presence of this training center it has been a great benefit.
On the part of the President of MPUF-Women Wing Unit, Youkiniki Rymbai, she congratulated the MPUF and thanked the MPUF for giving women the opportunity to join their party. According to her, this organization is one of the organizations that works for the benefit of the poor.
“With a sad heart, we request the NPP Party under the leadership of Conrad K. Sangma and the Government to accept this wish of the Khasi-Jaintia people in bringing back the “Khasi For the benefit of the Khasi-Jaintia minority living in Assam especially in the Barak Valley (South Assam) where the population of Khasi-Jaintia is about 1.70 lakh and about 375 villages," says a report from these leaders.
It is not permissible to give water to drink to a seriously ill person, and it is not permissible to leave the sick person on the Sabbath, even if he is to die.
Shillong: There has been some disagreement between the party workers and leaders over the decision of the MDCs to join hands with the National Congress party in Meghalaya. People’s Party (NPP) within the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
Police have recovered a mobile phone from the body of Weles Umsong and during the investigation, Weles has confessed to the police that he was responsible for the rape of Bah Snor. and he cut off the body from the ground, and threw it into the field.
TiE Delhi-NCR plays a key role in creating a platform for local entrepreneurs to showcase innovation, and partnership and the partnership with Reckitt is expected to make a difference for the fight against mosquito-borne diseases not only in India but worldwide.
Shillong: The Sangeet Natak Akademi in Shillong has organized a festival of dance, music, dance and performance by the Sangeet Natak Akademi in Shillong. January 19 to 21, 2023.
Besides the Adhocs, the employees of EMRI108 will also take part in the meeting to convey their concerns to the Union Minister Ramdas Athawale.
All these years we want to join Meghalaya because our brothers and sisters are also there,” said one of the Rangbah.
According to MeECL officials, the power outage time has been extended to monitor the power generation situation especially after the rise in water levels in the power generation ponds.
" “The production of non-domesticated crops is highly dependent on fertilizer production, and so if we cannot guarantee on the ability to produce as needed and at the right price as well as the right time, all these efforts will be in vain,” said the CM.
“All these are for the people to be involved for their own benefit,” said the SDO (Civil).
She said that the doctors of the hospital said that there was no negligence or torti, but they sent the woman to come to the hospital. The hospital has been established to provide treatment for the death of a child and to fulfill its duties as directed.
Beijing: At least 116 people have been killed and 400 injured in a powerful earthquake measuring 6.2 on the Richter scale in China.
On Tuesday, Dr Mukul also visited Mukroh village to meet with the residents of Mukroh village and especially with the families of the victims to express their condolences and condolences. that they should not be discouraged because the TMC and the party stand by them.
Shillong, March 16 : The ASHAs in the state have expressed their sorrow and anger at the same time by alleging that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh has left the Secretariat without giving time to meet with the ASHAs. they.
Before Diwali, a gold shop in Gujarat; It attracted the attention of gold sellers by displaying pictures of Narendra Modi and Atal Behari Vajpayee.
The President has directed all District Presidents and Mandal Presidents to appoint Mandal and Polling Stations or Booth Level Committees.
Not only in Shillong, they can happen in New York, Paris and that doesn't mean you have to close everything,” he added.
Regarding this issue, Bah S.Nongphud, while talking to this reporter, said that the elders are deeply concerned about the government's neglect of these villages.
“We will meet the Governor to suspend the Executive Committee because the ruling party does not have the majority.
He said the people should understand that the district council is a legislative body like the state council and Parliament and it needs laws to protect the customs and traditions, land and others. protect the minority community.
However, the Sordar Shnongs have suspected that Bah Makdonal, who is responsible for the excavation, has given a place to stay somewhere.
Stressing on the need to go to health centers immediately if there is any difference in the body and to avoid bad habits, Ram Kumar said that the participation of schools in the districts and Blocks is an important part of providing information on the impact of tobacco on health, the community and the environment.
Ribhoi District has also recorded a sharp increase with 21 new cases.
In a statement signed by the Publicity Secretary of the HYC, Bah Rofling Lyngdoh, the HYC said that the HYC has already met with the DMHO-Ri-Bhoi to request for the release of the salaries of the employees. They went to Shillong to meet the Director.
Besides the cleaning in some parts of Shillong, the road between Pohkseh and Lower Nongrim, which passes near the residence of Minister Prestone Tynsong, was also cleaned. .
However, I have corrected this speech on the words of time.
Khliehriat, Naitung 7: The condition of the National Highway in Ratacherra and Malidor areas is still causing problems to the passengers and is also dangerous due to the excessive snowfall of the road which is filled with soil and hands. , this excessive deterioration of the road has also caused heavy traffic jam which lasted for several hours in the Malidor and Ratacherra areas.
Also present at the opening ceremony were Soradini K Sangma, wife of the late PA Sangma and National Vice President of the party, Bah DD Lapang.
During her stay with these groups, she received many certificates acknowledging her talent for writing poetry.
“Thung adviser, even if you don't win in the MLA election, what will you do to give your advice to the Prime Minister? However, he receives a salary of 200 liters per month, all those who win the election also travel by car
“The Shnong itself is pleased with the decision of the present EC not to do it alone by the Rangbah Shnongs in issuing syrnot, but through the Committee.
It is learned that these foreigners have used fraud to apply for the seat of the State Quota to study MBBS and the village has clarified that in 2021 a temporary resident permit for only six months has been issued. The father of the child is a worker at Dalmia Cement who has applied for a Temporary Residential Certificate from the village to send him to school in Orissa.
“The Fisheries Department should have woken up and worked with the fish traders not only in Shillong but in all the 12 districts to find out why foreign fish traders use formalin to preserve the fish. imported fish," he said.
Mukul Sangma said the Congress and other international organizations or the people should work together to eradicate corruption in the state.
Shillong: The Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPLU) today demanded that the state government should take action against the illegal trade in coal.
By Ezra's time the Jews began to wonder why this was happening. And there was a thought that because their blood was no longer clean and pure, God judged and rejected them.
“Ka seng wants to propose that the government should provide parking spaces for taxis so that the residents can easily find taxis where to go because as it is now, they are running around without a parking space. nongwan" said the petition.
It is also from that night, that he has not been able to speak, until these days, that he is still undergoing treatment at the hospital.
“The MCA is proud of the entire Ranji team for this season,” said Meghalaya Cricket Association Secretary Gideon Kharkongor.
The turnout of women was 78.62 per cent which is higher than the turnout of 74.53 per cent for men.
The meeting lasted for more than 3 hours. The Prime Minister called the meeting to discuss with the civil society on two issues, namely the mining of uranium and the development projects coming to the Mawthabah area. .
So a parent knows exactly what stage of life their children are at.
The National Institute of Nutrition (ICMR) recently released a report, and the guidelines of the Expert Committee Members, on the diet called “My Plate for the Day for 2000 Kcal ".
All the entry and exit points of the district have been closed to facilitate the arrest of the robbers.
In the rural areas, the price of synsar or syrniam, which is an agricultural product that supports the income and is also the source of income for the farmers, this year, has dropped sharply.
:The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, has rejected the demand of the Voice of People Party (VPP) for the re-appointment of officers who have been dismissed from the Lokayukta. to them".
He said that only about 120 elders attended the Basan election and these elders were on the side of Bah Nathaniel, while more than 200 elders were on the side of Bah Nathaniel. about 300 more were at his side.
These villages on the India-Bangladesh border in East Jaintia Hills District have been established since the state became part of Assam in 1954, but after decades of living in poverty. to walk and stand on the rough road, now they have a perfect road.
Dr. Rika Lamar of Manbha Foundation, SP Vivek Syiem, Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. PS Shukla and Teibor Pathaw MDC Mawlai were present at the opening ceremony.
Syiem, who is the incumbent MP of the Rajya Sabha from Shillong Parliamentary constituency, has been able to achieve this goal on 7th June.
Ampareen Lyngdoh (Congress) asked about the blast in Laitumkhrah and those involved, in which Ma Rymbui, claimed that three people have been arrested in connection with the incident and the investigation is ongoing. When asked whether Thangkhiew is a member of the HNLC, Ma Rymbui replied that he is a retired member of the HNLC. establish.
There is no single nation, religion, culture or belief in the world.
Chief Whip Marcuise N Marak, Principal Secretary and CEO of MBDA P Sampath Kumar, Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills Ram Singh, President of the Council of Nokmas Skylance G Momin , officers from various departments, Nokma and residents of 20 villages which receive drinking water from the Ganol River.
The protest was organized by the doctors under the banner of the NRDA, who protested on 4th June 2019 against the assault on Dr DM Thappa, who is the Director of the NRDA. of the Institute.
But when he died of Corona, those who respected him, loved him and praised him were left alone.
The residents of the area celebrated this special day of this leader through various programmes, such as songs, music and traditional dances which were performed by all the participants.
Now the new election law which allows the linking of Aadhaar number with voter name will steal and deprive the right of the villagers to vote.
Shillong, Jymmang 5 : The National People's Party (NP) on Tuesday launched its manifesto titled Vision 2023-2
“I don't know whether the MDA government which includes parties like NPP, UDP, HSPDP, PDF and others will accept the AITC's allegation that they are supporters of the NDA.
“I hope that this tournament will help to develop the skills of the children.
The list of players to represent Meghalaya are: Riboklang Hynniewta, Sylvester Mylliempdah, Arien Bonchang Sangma, Chengkam Sangma and Junjun M Sangma. , Mewada Shylla, Sanvert Kurkalang, Kilco R Marak, Lerry G Sangma, Ram Gurung, Anish Charak, Akash K Choudhary, Amiangshu Sen, Rajesh Bishnoi (guest player), Nahul Verma (guest player) Ki player bujli lane Standbys: Lakhan Singh, Md Nafees Siddique, Adarsh ​​Joshi, Sengpan Sangma, Robert R SangmaSupport staff: Goutam Shome (head coach), Moisten Ch Marak (assistant coach), Vikash Singh Chauhan (trainer), Surojit Biswas (physio), Dhruba Jyoti A Sangma (manager) .
In the men's category, she won two gold medals and one silver and one bronze medal.
The Minister also thanked and congratulated the Indian Air Force (IAF) for being willing to assist the state in transporting food items by helicopter to Maheskhola from yesterday to today.
“But this happened in such a way that 2 or 3 or 4 vehicles (including 2 and 4 wheelers) were burnt.
Para ri to tip if you plant sohniamtra seeds you will grow sohniamtra tree, if you plant sohngang seeds you will grow sohngang tree but what surprises people in the world that in Ri-khasi is markhongpong that if thou sow a fig tree, it shall bring forth a branch, and if thou sow a branch, it shall bring forth a branch.
She also invited other responsible political parties like FKJGP, HNYF, RBYF, AJYWO, SSSS, KWWADA and others to come and take part.
Having high blood pressure can affect you especially from eating, drinking, sleeping, walking, and even the use of medicines.
As they used to say, “Khasi men go out into the streets to chase the mynder while our Khasi women have sex with the Dkhar in bed”.
In 1986, when I started working, I took the initiative to start hockey and at the same time to encourage the youth of the state to join hands to play hockey. played hockey.
The last word Jesus used was, 'Father, into thy hands I commend my spirit.' There is no greater death than this, which shows that He has overcome all these things. u Thong Blessed.
The final of the Europa League will take place on 31st of this month in Budapest, when Roma will face Sevilla for the title.
You still have a parent.
Although WJH lost three batsmen in their chase, they managed to finish the game easily and reached the target in 12 overs. by 8.58 runs per over.
He said that regarding the Cherry Blossom Festival, as it has been seen in the newspapers, the festival will end on Sunday. I would like to thank the state government for postponing the program to other days so that it will be a sign of respect for the feelings of tens of thousands of people. Christians in Meghalaya who respectfully observe the Holy Day as a day consecrated for the Churches to hold holy prayers, worship and other rituals of the Christian faithful without being interrupted by any programs such as various celebrations and others,” said a statement from the Chairman, Rev. Batkupar Dunai.
Shillong, March 3: The Minister of Community and Rural Development (C&RD) Prestone Tynsong has acknowledged that the government intends to set up new blocks in the state for the benefit of the people.
After losing by 10 wickets on the opening day, Meghalaya came back with a fighting spirit against Pondicherry, and managed to lose all wickets after Pondicherry scored 228 runs for the loss of 10 runs. that 43.4 overs.
Have you still followed the customs and traditions of your ancestors? Do the elders still wear the clothes that the elders wore? Has the way you eat and drink changed? Do you still hold on to all these superstitions? If many of the commandments of our ancestors have been rejected because they do not fit into the present era, why can't the elders, especially the leaders of the Khasi Hills District Council, allow women to If women and longkmie have the opportunity to carry out village responsibilities, it will strengthen them to receive training on you can rule-khadar.
In a statement sent by Samla Hercules Suting, General of the HYC Ri Bhoi, he said that earlier before the lockdown, the people were able to buy Khaw Lai at the price of T .1250 or T.1300, but during these days of lockdown, there has been a sudden increase in the price of rice, which has caused suffering to the people and especially to those poor families. at this time, when the people cannot go to work during the day and when the world is in turmoil.
When the water swept away about 100 metres, a young man, Bah Shanlang Marbaniang, 26, husband of Ibadeishisha Kharjana from Madan Bynther, heard the cry. He ran bran bran and threw himself into the water with the clothes he was wearing to help the child.
There are currently 80,000 people undergoing treatment in various hospitals for injuries from the earthquake and millions of people have been left homeless due to the collapse of their homes. and there was a great cold.
I feel that it should not be only for Assam but for other states in the region as well and it does not mean that when you go to Assam you have passed through all the states in the region,” he said.
Jesus gave power not only to a few but to all who believe.
When we walk up and down the villages, townships, markets, we hear that there are people who don't know anything but they act like they are wise, such people don't want to know even what they should know. Even if there are words that help to explain or explain, they don't listen.
The funeral service will be held on the 19th February, 2023 at the Thadlaboh Presbyterian Church.
“I tell people that if anyone wants to work in politics, the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council is the University of Politics or the School of Politics,” he said.
JACATAM Chairman ED Nongsiang said that from 22nd to 4th November, they will hold a strike and all teachers should not go to school.
Anyone who rides a horse with a Khla wants to show how brave they are and to intimidate others to fall in front of them, but it is difficult to control the Khla. and to turn away according to his will.
In M.E. Schools, the Headmaster is a person who has passed class-X. However, in this new era, the government does not allow those who are still young to teach.
Byrsat said that this Sub Center will provide services to 10 villages in West Khasi Hills District.
The decision, which could have a temporary impact on the employment in the state, said that the Reservation Policy of the state does not have a roster system.
The closure of these gates has affected the functioning of the Hima as they have to spend on many projects and schools,” said Bah John.
On this occasion, the management of the hospital handed over to the Union Minister the drawings and explanations related to the construction of the new building.
It affects the life of the child in reading.
It is a great loss not only to the family, but to the Tuber area, and also to the East Jaintia Hills area as a whole, as she was one of the former MLAs of the Nongmihkhmat. to the Legislative Assembly of the State, and also as the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of the JHADC.
That great truth was revealed by God in 1945 AD when the UN declared the independent Kingdom of Israel, and many of its enemies were surprised because they thought that Israel would disappear from the face of the earth. .
In a country as big as India, it’s not just about producing goods.
However, now, after the NH has been taken over by the central government, it has turned bad,” said Dr Sangma.
In fact, it should be the shlem of giving the truth but it becomes the shlem of giving the errors because they do not seek the truth.
The Pharisees were false worshipers of God, they worshiped only according to their own traditions.
Loompyrdi has taken this decision so that the residents will have the opportunity to hear the issues and principles of the candidate.
Speaking to media, the Minister of Home Affairs, Bamang Felix, said that the Arunpol App will facilitate the citizens of the state in related matters. and lodging or filing cases with the police department without having to go to the police station.
On the same day, the two new buildings of the College, the Commerce Building and the Girls Hostel, were inaugurated by the Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma. was the chief guest, in the presence of Bah HM Shangpliang, Advisor to the Education Department, State Government as the Chief Guest.
then hear thou in heaven thy dwelling place, their prayer and their supplication, and maintain their cause, and forgive thy people that have sinned against thee.
“Of course, I am one of the candidates but I don't care about that, I am a member of the party, I will continue to be a member of the party and lead the party in the right direction,” said Shangpliang. newspaper editors.
If there had been a company operating to run the services of EMRI, these employees would have benefited,” said Kong Ampareen. the roads cannot be seen by such people.
Farmers under Dimiligre IVCS Ltd.
Beijing: Half of China is currently experiencing severe drought, including parts of Tibet, a government statement said.
Shillong: Four MDCs of the United Democratic Party (UDP) have not returned home after they joined the BJP recently.
“I have decided to resign from the post of Chairman of MEDC as part of the decision to launch a non-cooperation movement against the Prime Minister and the government,” said Pynshngain. you god to the journalists.
The body was taken to Civil Hospital, Shillong by 108 Ambulance for treatment.
The state also welcomed the donation of T.10 crore by the Assam government for this purpose.
The order was issued by the National Green Tribunal, Principal Bench of New Delhi for the protection of the environment.
Speaking to media, Zonal Director, ICCR (North East) N Munish Singh said that there are 8,000 to 9,000 students studying in various universities in India and the North East. There are more than 300 students studying in various universities.
Arpit Upadhyay, DC of Ri Bhoi, after inspecting the bridge, saw that it is still sufficient for the passage of vehicles carrying less than 30 tonnes. Section 144 CrPC has also been imposed on those who carry more than 30 tonnes.
However, during the hearing, it was learned that the Forum has allowed the department to submit its reasons and reply and the hearing has been postponed to the 30th of this month. month.
“Many of the employees of MCCL have been offered and encouraged to take up the VRS (Voluntary Retirement Scheme).
At a meeting held at Diphu village, the Minister launched these projects to be implemented under the Public Works Department (PWD), PHE, Health and Family Welfare and others.
On the same day, after the inauguration of the road, the MLA also inaugurated the toilet which he has built for the village house which he has used under his scheme.
The cows were handed over to the police for further investigation.
The Kopati Puja was held inside the forest of Blei (Khlow Blai) which has a sacrificial altar in the middle of the village. Rangbah Kur and Raij who took part in this Kopati and various youths, and after that Soh-Blei went to thank the flower of God at the Um-ïurem River with his parents. and after returning, there was another Niam Train dance by the Niamtre children at the Sein Raij Chrah Umphula Square in all the villages and townships of Raliang Village, and from Laskein, Nongkynrih, from different Raijs. different to further enrich this ritual.
We are quick to compare with other items but we don't think that one tyngka (T1) produces T365/- per year.
Priyanka, 36, says that the only thing she knows is to sew pylleng.
She said that not only to train qualified teachers but the government will also strive to provide adequate salaries and recently has increased their salaries despite the severe financial crisis.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The 17th of Nailar is a day of mourning, when curfew, flag raising or public meetings can be held, said the HNLC in a statement yesterday.
The country is currently changing, amending and simplifying payroll laws.
Referring to the Iewduh area, this is a slightly more difficult issue because since the incident in Them-iewmawlong, vehicles can no longer pass through the area and this has been part of the traffic jam. in this place.
But now it has witnessed that the teachings of all the holy books whether it is the Bible, the Ramayan, the Quran or the Gita teach the same thing, we should respect and love the freedom of all religions”.
Under the financing of the Asian Development Bank, the ongoing works include the installation and expansion of 69 33/11 KV Substations in Meghalaya, the installation of 33KV & 11KV lines and the strengthening and replacement of 33KV & 11KV Lines and Metering for single phase and three phase consumers.
The UDP has lodged a complaint with the Chief Election Commissioner of India (KHADC) on this issue. The use of EVM was approved by all the political parties in the North East at the meeting of the Parliamentary Standing Committee chaired by Shri Shantaram Naik, MP. that it wants to use the old voting methods as in the past.
Meghalaya is a state where 30% of the population is young.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The MBOSE today announced the results of Class XII Arts.
Political parties wishing to hold public meetings will have to apply for permission to hold public meetings and inform the time, place and security forces in due course.
The High Court has granted bail to them along with conditions.
They will join various government departments in charge of finance, post offices, schools, tax affairs, Atomic Energy, Ministry of Defence, Ministry of Health and Ministry of Labour. station.
Tomorrow, NSA will play against Dulong at 1 pm, while Lion will play against Tpep-Pale at 3 pm.
“If Meghalaya is exempted from the implementation of the CAA, the Sixth Schedule itself does not have any laws and regulations to prevent the implementation of the Central Government Act as well as the State Government and the Council Act will die, but the Trading by Non Tribal Act will help. “It is necessary for us all the residents to take responsibility to curb the illegal immigration of foreigners who come in the form of illegal trade and labor,” said Winning.
He said the talks were to build a sense of peace and trust between the people of the two states so that the border settlement would be in a manner that is mutually agreeable to both sides.
Police are conducting investigation into the incident.
The WJDSA has started its jubilee celebration from 26th October 2022 with various sports including basketball, half marathon, archery and football matches in various categories.
In the Women's Singles, Ribhalang Passah won the title by beating Balashembha Passah 21-9, 21-1
Out of the 996 people who have been tested, 16 have been confirmed positive, said Biplab Kumar Deb, Chief Minister of Tripura.
At the same time, the JNC also asked the Assam Government if other minorities in Assam get special protection to own land and to preserve their customs and traditions, what will happen? The Government of Assam should not provide the same protection to the Khasi and Pnar minorities in Assam.
There is no doubt that the MDA government will continue for another three years.
Also present on the occasion was Bah Joannes Lamare, one of the prominent volunteers of the state, in the presence of the village elders, teachers and others including the 8 four young people were honored.
He said that through this meeting, the Regional Committee has also received the documents from the Hima and also the group of Rangbah Shnongs to confirm the villages in Meghalaya. The border settlement will be held in the second phase between Assam and Meghalaya.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma will distribute the tablets to the students of Class XII of East Khasi Hills on the 5th of this month at Polo Ground at 10:30 pm. AL Hek, Minister of Information Technology.
It is learned that there was a restaurant where Sabudana Khichdi was not available on the day of Gangaur Puja.
When asked about the progress of the construction of these schools, Dr Don said it is surprising that even after 24 months, the government has started to build only one school building. spirit has not yet been completed.
The MCTA, the Union of College Teachers in the State, has decided not to cooperate with the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) in the implementation of the National Education Policy-2 colleges.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, MLA Sosthenes Sohtun said that he has already spoken to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. He has already directed the MLA to write to the Chief Secretary of the state.
They claimed to be members of the People's Liberation Army (PLA), the rebel group in Manipur.
In his speech on Saturday, Dr. Celestine said that many young people who have learned do not know how to walk in life.
We provide free medicines at all these places.3.
In West Garo Hills, 14 cases have been reported, including 7 civilians.
“Many of my people have gone to support Bah Egenstar, and when the supporters go, I will have to do the same,” he said.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that the tournament is part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of Independence of the State.
However, in a meeting held today between them and Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, it was decided that the status quo should be maintained, where the government will stop destroying and they should not skud the land. government.
KSU East Jaintia Hills President Stremly N Suchen said, “We have taken this decision with our concern over the condition of the road after the NHAI has not believed or listened to the demand of the KSU. The first protest in front of the Tollgate in Lumshnong on 08/08/2
In Khasi Hills, there were many parties although the UDP won the most votes, while in Jaintia Hills, the UDP and the NPP won the most votes. The NPP won only two seats in East Khasi Hills and two seats in Ri Bhoi while it won four seats in Jaintia Hills and four seats in West Khasi Hills.
With this, the state is ready to maintain this reputation by implementing ODF Plus and ODF Sustainability.
Three villages took part in the Behdienkhlam Ïalong festival; the Wahiajer, the Nongkhyllep and the Aalong.
Former MLA and MDC and former CEM of JHADC Sing Mulieh who passed away on 10th June was paid tribute to.
In the 1st Division, Ramsngiwar will play against Mawkhlam at 12:05 pm, while in the Super Division, Mawlarshong will play against Mawliehbah SC at 2:05 pm. pm in the evening.
The Supreme Court has challenged the Central Government in this regard.
Even Jesus is the seed of the Father who is God, sent and born through the Virgin Mary.
The English word 'Priest' which refers to priests or religious leaders has been accepted to be translated into other Hindu, Muslim, Buddhist religions including the Catholic Church and the traditional Khasi religion, but others other Christian churches have not yet been able to do so.
“At this recent meeting, a Coordination Committee headed by Bah DD Lapang has been appointed,” said the CEM. government minister of the party.
Such thinking will lead us into the forest of debt.
He urged the residents to have a spirit of cooperation, cleanliness, unity in all aspects and at the same time he urged the Head of Star Cement, Devender Bansal to He will also give his support from time to time to the Society so that such a festival will be held every year.
“Our government recognizes key areas on the need for interoperable infrastructure and road networks for connecting with citizens, boosting the economy and opening up that lad earn work.
Kharlyngdoh said that once these police chiefs have been temporarily suspended, the investigation will continue and if found guilty, they will be prosecuted under the provisions of the law. and thou shalt not be ashamed of them.
The Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines (CAAP) on Tuesday announced that Philippine authorities have tightened security at 42 airports across the country. , after receiving the bomb threat from unidentified persons and groups on that day.
Roikhihbha Nongtdu scored the first goal for Langsning in the 10th minute against Umkseh.
Houttuynia cordata is one of the most common plants in the Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
:South Korean band SURL, a four-piece band known for their popularity over British rock and blues, has upset fans of They have decided to suspend their participation in the upcoming Cherry Blossom Festival.
In fact, the Prime Minister, Conrad K. Sangma had promised on the 12th of June to grant the demand of the teachers and asked for time to complete this task within three Cabinet Meetings. .
Furthermore, we find that God allowed man to marry one of the sons of the devil.
'He said that there should be no festival' – I apologize, I am really sorry, the narrowness of the vision of the member who raised this issue," he said.
“We have received assurances from the hostel management that we are protected and safe.
The film was produced and edited by Teilang Nongrum.
“The party expresses its concern that the state is being led by a person who does not understand the situation in the state and does not have a clear goal for the future of the state”.
Nongpoh: A meeting was held between the Regional Committee Leaders and the Hima, Raid and Village Authorities in Ri Bhoi District today to discuss whether the two Regional Committees of Meghalaya and Assam, they will take a decision to resolve the boundary of the second state.
We are proud of Sanatan Dharm and tolerance,” he said.
Outsiders Ravi Teja and Aditya Singhania were the wicket-takers.
He is a spectator who watches when I play,” said Dr Mukul.
The village authorities have informed that these places have been closed for the past three months due to the maintenance of the road to reach these places. It will be open from 25th March
He also thanked Anandhi, Deputy Director, LBSNAA and Principal Secretary, Revenue Department, Government of Assam for organizing this National Conference.
Shillong, Jymmang, 17: The Animal Husbandry and Veterinary (AH&Vety) Department of the State Government on Tuesday denied the allegation in the media that there has been a forcible lock-up of the gate. The incident occurred in Umling, Ribhoi District.
After the suspension of the Syiem of Sohra, the District Council has also issued a certificate to the Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, S Khongwir, who is the newly appointed Minister of the Hima Sohra.
Sikkim, who won the toss and elected to bat first, tied first and scored 183 runs for the loss of all wickets. Meghalaya bowlers managed to score only 145 runs for the loss of all wickets in the first innings.
This amount is for the year 2018-19, he said.
For the quarrymen, think carefully about this one and that is if you dig for profit, why don't you know how to use it?
The new cases include EGH: 38, EJH: 03, EKH: 157, NGH: 22, RBD: 87, SGH: 11, SWGH: 19, SWKH: 42, WGH: 59, WJH: and WKH: 13.
"The teacher said," "Oh, you are Miss Rida..." said the teacher. "Yes, Kong." The teacher replied, "Then how are you, my daughter?"
The celebration was organized by the Department of Electronics and Information Technology, the Government of Meghalaya and the District E-Governance Society, Jowai.
The JAC has demanded that the State Government should blacklist the Dhar Construction Company for the deterioration of the road which has been completed within two months.
According to a source, it is understood that the two couples were in love and were dating, but the family members did not like the relationship. their youth.
The SP of Thoubal District, Dr S Ibomcha Singh, said that in collaboration with the youth and women's organisations, they have seized the drugs. .
Taxi drivers in Tynring, Mawpdang, Mawkasiang and Siejiong, without complying with the government's guidelines, charge passengers as they please and charge high fares.
The case against Kong Ampareen is pending in the High Court on charges that she and other politicians were involved in the recruitment scandal of Lower Primary School teachers of the State Government during the She was the Minister of Education in 2009-2
Whether turning to the right or to the left these days, the market is distributing schemes from the government and also from the MLAs. sun.
Police investigation into the incident is ongoing.
According to Conrad, the All Party Meeting discussed the situation in the state and agreed to bring peace and stability in Ishamati and Shillong as well as in the state.
Besides the MLA, other dignitaries including Bah RM Mukhim, Working President of the NPP Mawhati, Bah Donboklang Kharnaior, General Secretary of the NPP Mawhati, Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh and many others were also present. elders of the area.
Digital Services In a country with more than 1.17 billion telecom users, more than 600 million smart-phone users and 840 million internet connections, a 200 percent increase in internet penetration in rural areas between 2015 and 2021 compared to the 158% increase in urban areas, the rollout of 4G services to all villages will reduce the gap between rural and urban areas in terms of digital activities.
“He (Dr Mukul) has been prime minister for five years why don't you ask why he can't complete the Crowborough Hotel, will you take advantage of that? “It is true that this government has had to go through many difficulties and two years of COVID-19 but under the leadership of Prime Minister Conrad Sangma, the MDA government has been able to complete the Crowborough Hotel,” said the Symbud Prime Minister.
In East Khasi Hills, 74 cases including 37 high risk cases, 2 health workers, 1 case from Bishnapur cluster, 6 cases from Goraline cluster, 1 case from Golflink cluster, 1 case from Jaiaw cluster, 6 cases from Laban cluster, 1 case from One from Mawlai Mawroh Cluster, one from Mawlai Nongpdeng Cluster, one from Nightingale Training Center Cluster, two from Police Bazar Cluster, one from Polo Cluster, 10 from Rilbong Cluster, one from Rynjah Cluster and 3 from Umpling Cluster.
John also expressed his regret that in Jaintia Hills, all the 18 Dolloi Elaka and one Sirdarship Elaka have not yet received any Act or Rule enacted by the JHADC. empowered the ADC to make and enact laws under paragraphs 3 and 11 of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
We needed unity to achieve our demands, not the Seng.
The ability of these foreign traders to enter and leave at will, has caused a lot of loss to the local traders, because these foreign traders sell their goods at a low price. return the spirit of suffering.
This means that these parties also go to the people along with this issue raised by the VPP. There is no difference between the demands of the VPP and the demands of the UDP and HSPDP. The opposition VPP has been demanding a review, while the ruling UDP and HSPDP have listened and said nothing on the issue.
The police will conduct awareness campaigns and cooperation at all levels and will hold frequent meetings with representatives of students and staff from the area.
This is according to a statement issued by the President and Academic Secretary of NEHUSU. The Government is concerned about the increase in the price of jhur and jhep in the state and this increase in prices requires a meeting where all the departments have to come together and discuss this.
He has submitted a memorandum to the Government of India to demand Garo State.
Another new method of farming is hydroponic farming, which is a low-cost and water-intensive method of farming. The cultivation method is still slow to improve due to the lack of equipment and water.
The talks have not yet come to an end and the Government of India will have to approve the provisions that these groups have demanded to be recognized and incorporated into the Constitution.
Ankit Singh Rathor (27 runs from 19 balls) and Rahul Singh (22 runs from 19 balls) were among the best players but it was not enough for the team to win.
When the shepherds heard this message from the angels, they said: “Let us go over to Bethlehem and see this thing that has happened.
“The 40-40 allocation has been arranged, now let us consider the number of paid and change the allocation and that is what needs to be done.
“We also feel the need to do the same for the sake of everyone,” he said.
It is also a shame before the world when they see that we are fighting among ourselves.
The opening ceremony was held by the Meghalaya High Court and the District and Sessions Court of West Garo Hills District.
Due to the absence of this project, these villages rely only on the Tura Urban Water Supply Scheme and this project will draw water from the Ganol River where a pump house, reservoir, treatment plant, water pumping, the Staff Quarter and others.
The Sub Divisional Magistrate, Sohra Civil Sub Division, has extended the curfew at the Sohra Police Station from 7 am to 8 pm on 8th October 2020 and will resume from 8 pm until further notice. elsewhere.
When asked whether the SP had asked whether Bah Thyrson was involved in the HNLC peace talks, Bah Sadon said, “From the first day, when we went to invite the HNLC leaders to come. to the peace talks table, together with the police and government officers, we have to go to the villages which I don't know and the police don't know but because he is a resident of Dawki, we have to ask your help is not enough.
Kharkutta MDC Cherak Momin said he had tried to bring the issue of B-Mahal land to the GHADC dorbar but the Executive Committee led by the NPP has delayed it from time to time. for.
The COP10, under the WHO's Framework Convention for Tobacco Control (FCTC), has committed to the health of the future generation.
You can also send it online with a link.
He said that the opportunity for foreigners to get their names to vote will be a terrible threat to the Khadar rule of the region and the nation as a whole, because This invasion of foreigners will gradually turn the indigenous people into small paid and the Khasi people will become a small nation.
Jowai, Naitung, 23: The Namdong Block and Laskeiñ Block Border Area Peace Committee (NB&LBAPC) on Saturday held its first meeting to discuss how to bring about unity as residents. who live in the Khappud area of ​​Block-1
In Assam, the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) will win between 8 and 10 seats, while the Congress will win only one seat.
When asked whether he will contest the MDC election, Shangpliang said, “I will not contest the MDC election but I will work to ensure that the NPP wins the MDC election”.
Meanwhile, Hun-I-Kai Rymbui has sung in the song 'Jelebi' from the film 'Brother of Skop' which has received more than 2 million views in the last two years after being uploaded on the Youtube channel.
He urged the leaders of Jaintia Hills to inform the government to bring the National Games in Jaintia Hills and said that they will soon meet the CM to inform and demand to bring the National Games in the country. Jaintia Hills.
This was stated by Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah AL Hek, who is also the leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya. several international organizations within the state.
Job 1:21.
There are changes that bring good things and there are also some things that cause discomfort with age, especially in terms of physical health.
Shillong, July 28: Custom Police have seized drugs worth more than T.3 crore from a house in Khyndai Lad today and arrested three foreigners including a you longkmie.
Speaking as the chief guest, Mr. Comingone said, “In my opinion, the conversion rate in the past year is very strong and Raliang village has the highest number, but you who hold the traditional religion should think and I don't want to. crane bunk.
SACYM urges all Zone, Parish, Sub-District and Unit Leaders to suspend all meetings (Meetings, Household Prayers, Touring or any other programme) until further notice. Harvey Weinstein, one of Hollywood's most popular female actors, has been diagnosed with the coronavirus, said a statement from SACYM Publicity Secretary Ronald P Iawbor.
It is mostly grown in Madras where it is called 'ragi'
“This desire to be clean has entered even the youngest children who see even a small plastic bag and throw it in the garbage dumps,” he said.
We understand that the leaders of this Seng have been willing to find ways and means to bring SDH in Amlarem and we are very grateful for their efforts.
All this is because the forests have started to stagnate and some of them have been destroyed because many of the farmland have been destroyed by the synsar and we have damaged them in many ways.
Afterwards, the Annual Memorial Lecture-2022 on "Voices of Resistance" was delivered by Prof. Esther Syiem, English Department, NEHU, Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 21 : The MLA of Mawlai Parish, Bah PT Sawkmie on Saturday morning together with officers and leaders of the Parish on Saturday morning, the 100th Mary Procession to be held at Mawlai Parish. The Pastoral Council has visited the various places to ensure that the preparations for this memorable ceremony will be complete.
In the morning, taxi drivers under the umbrella of the East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (EKHLTWA) were shocked after the media published a news and a photograph of them. The Superintendent of Police (SP) of East Khasi Hills on Saturday turned to Shillong Sadar Police Station to demand that the police should show the photographs of three foreigners. was arrested.
“A lot of things didn’t work out the way I planned, but we’ll have to look into things like this.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The All India National Congress (AICC) Spokesperson Dr. Shama Mohamed on Friday slammed the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) as a threat to the Christian community and the snap of the indigenous people. Schedule Tribe (ST) who are the paid inhabitants of the State of Meghalaya.
Everyone knows himself well how he is by examining and examining himself in his own circumstances.
If the sky is warmer during the growing season it doesn’t really matter, but during flowering it’s the worst for it.
Breezer Vivid Shuffle has organized the Nation's Biggest Hip-Hop Competition in Shillong on 13th November
“He came from Mizoram and was involved in illegal trade with Arvind Ahuja, son of former MLA Ashok Ahuja, and his driver, Manish, who was arrested yesterday from the city in together with 2,51,680 strips of pseudoephedrine tablets.
Nine years later, in 1961, a new disease called 'Assamese' was introduced by the Government of India which said that all the inhabitants of Assam should be able to read and write. the Assamese language.
Speaking on this occasion, it is not only the people who have completed the elections of those leaders who are eager to know which of the candidates will win from these five constituencies, but the inability to decide. The votes have encouraged the candidates and leaders who have worked hard to win the love of the people or to express their principles with the aim of reaching the goal of victory which they want to be like those candidates. public leader.
It is surprising to man that the Euphrates River will flow.
Shillong has attracted many famous singers like Ronan Keating who just came to perform last year.
The Minister also directed the ASDMA authorities to prepare for the provision of safety measures for the residents of the state so that they can avoid any incident that could cause suffering. .
These types of people don’t see the future so the past for them is the reality.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: The 108 took about 2 hours to reach the scene of the attack. The Emergency Response Center (ERC) received a phone call at 1:38:35 pm on the 24th of July and requested to send 108 Emergency personnel. Service Ambulance was ordered at 1:39:32 pm and the 108 from Tura arrived at Garobadha at 2:49:14 pm.
The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has issued a public notice requesting the Rangbah Shnongs, Rangbah Kurs and various Kurs under the jurisdiction of the Council to inform through the The Executive Committee of KHADC has issued this announcement on Tuesday a few days after the Lineage of KHADC. The KHADC has decided to publish a list of Khasi Kurs within the boundaries of the five Districts of the Khasi Hills under the jurisdiction of the Council.
In Gethsemane He prayed, His soul was troubled, That His time was near, Suffering and death would come.
At the same time, the HYC said that it will conduct a license inspection in Shillong to search for those foreign shops which do not have a license to trade. the District Council.
However, his other friends who had two piglets now have no piglets because they have all died.
However, for those who are fighting against this, the party still wants them to come forward and work together to strengthen the party together as brothers and sisters”.
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnong with great joy also held a village closure and a welcome ceremony for the whole village.
They also said that the Khasi language is based on Article 5 of the Constitution of India, and demanded that the government should take action on this issue and it should succeed.
It also decided to continue the demand for a separate Regional Council for the Chief Executive Members and to urge the Government of Meghalaya to amend the provisions of the 6th Scheduled. Regional Council for the Chief Executive Members.
The payment of these 188 employees has affected the government's budget which has not been able to receive 100 rupees.
On the part of Fr.Dibasis, as the leader of the Easter Mass, he also spoke about the incarnation of Jesus for the salvation of the whole world.
Sadly, even the traditional custom of giving birth to a mother since ancient times has been fought as hard as they can to mislead the people.
He said that on the 24th of November this year, they had met with the Minister in charge of DHTE, Roshan Warjri to discuss many of the issues faced by the college. The minister has promised to implement it, but so far no signs have been seen.
The tournament is also a celebration of the history of football in India and an opportunity for the youth to showcase their talents.
The Assam government has already forcibly built roads within the Meghalaya border, despite the strong opposition of the people.
Shillong, July 19: Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, on Tuesday pledged to the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills. Hills District on the 26th of this month to inspect the health centers within the border of West Khasi Hills District.
The turnout in Mairang Constituency was 38,356 (90.47%) and in Mawthadraishan Constituency was 39,966 (91.38%). There are 78,322 voters (90.92%).
Other speakers on the occasion were Principal Secretary PK Srivastava and Ambrose Ch Marak, Director School Education and Literacy.
Rimiki Lathong, owner of the fish pond, said the fish have escaped and the farmland that remains to be harvested has also been affected.
In the same way, if we ourselves become the enemies of our daughters, it shakes and stirred up our souls more than the attack by an outsider.
At the same time, he said that although he is no longer the Governor of Meghalaya, he will spread the message of the beauty of Meghalaya.
“They have said that they will conduct an inquiry into this incident, even if they conduct 100 investigations we don't know but we should get the report and they should be set along for life. The BSF is not involved and should not be dismissed or suspended temporarily”.
Her passport expired in 2019 and since then she has applied for renewal.
Speaking to media, Bah Darwel Hoojon, Secretary of Lawdisai Village, strongly condemned the robbers who committed this crime and said that the killing of wildlife, birds and meat is the responsibility of the enemy. a terrible and socially unacceptable crime.
They all replied, 'There is only one Presbyterian; and we don’t allow other religions to come here in our village’.
Within 10 minutes, Beasanlang Tariang scored the fourth goal for C&RD in the 68th minute and Mediphrang scored another goal for MeECL in the 71st minute. Twenty students of Modern Secondary School, Ialong joined the Indian Red Cross Society (IRCS) on Friday.
The 140 firearms seized include 20 SLR rifles, 303 rifles, 9 pistols, carbines, AKs, slingshots, INSAS rifles, Ismoke guns, NSAS LMGs, 32 pistols, M16 rifles. tear gas, JV and homemade pistols as well as grenade launchers, Manipur Police sources said.
Of these 369 candidates, 36 are women.
In the match, Almaz fought hard by beating his opponent to take a 2-1 lead, but Aman relied on his hard fought to return to the top. the right way to play and lead 3-2 after the first leg.
Samla Lambok Starwell Marngar was also present as the chief guest to encourage the Khasi students. Samla Raymond Kharjana, Education Secretary of the university was also present. The meeting was attended by KSU leaders.
The Ever Banalari has been closed down and the construction of the Moon View Cafe has not been completed yet.
The meeting was conducted by B.Jyrwa, teacher of Pyndendiwah RC Secondary School.
KHLIEHRIAT: A night super bus (AS 24 C 2977) coming from Silchar has caught fire and the flames have spread to a coal truck and a house at Ratacherra village, East Jaintia Hills. District.
Speaking to media, Conrad said the Government has understood that the interim order of the Meghalaya High Court will be suspended by the Supreme Court.
On this occasion, a 10 minute silence was held in memory of the six people who died in the fire in Lyngiong last month, who belonged to a traditional family.
The non-functioning of these mobile phones has caused problems to many of the residents of Riwar area and has also affected many government offices, which use the internet and especially banks, which have in this area.
The delegation was led by Forwardman Nongrem President KSU South West Khasi Hills District and other members, in the presence of Raymond Kharjana Education Secretary KSU and Iashan Mukhim Asst Organizing Secretary KSU. from the Sengkmie.
In the first innings of 254/4, SCA-A were 74 runs ahead of SCA-B and ended with 322 for the loss of all wickets in 64 overs. .
Young people need to be encouraged to stand on their own feet in many ways, in their own organization by supporting them while they have the skills through training and skill development for the era of government jobs. it's over.
He said that the leaders of this party who have taken the responsibility to improve the state, have brought real benefits.
If we look back at the past, we have had MLAs who have shown prominence in their skills and skills.
Matthew 24:9.
The Act also aims to reduce the number of offenses committed by children between the ages of 16 to 18 years.
During the meeting, Banerjee also handed over a donation of Rs 500,000 donated by the Meghalaya TMC to the families of the missing refugees. to the supporters in their home.
Twenty-two teams from different villages of Mawlai Nongkwar took part in the tournament. The winner was Kongrit Lyngkot FC against Block Lyngkot FC won the title by beating Block 2 2-1 and won a cash prize of 15,000 tyngka along with a trophy while Block 2 won a cash prize of 10,000 tyngka. with the Trophy.
The reason is that the hills, rivers, valleys and lynguh, which are all over the states of Meghalaya attract people.
Within 10 minutes, buildings in Sylhet, Khasi (Khasi) and Jaintia Hills have been completed, government offices, Mission compounds including 16 Mission Houses, two hospitals in Sohra and Jowai, 30 churches. Theological colleges and many schools in the big towns. The fruit of physical and spiritual dedication has fallen in an instant.
We don't know what the Government of India has decided on this.
In connection with the awarding ceremony, the KSU, awarded him with a Jain Ryndia, a memento and money, which they handed over to the child, which the KSU leaders, they felt that he was a hero and whom the members of the organization should follow in the footsteps of the boy, who was willing to sacrifice his own life for the sake of saving others.
Regarding the invitation of the Executive Committee, there was a discussion whether the CEM intends to discuss any issue on the issue of Inner Line Permit, especially when the HSPDP and three of its MDCs have There is talk that even the UDP MDCs may leave the KHUDA coalition, which is led by the Congress in KHADC. If the UDP leaves the synrop, there will be great doubts that Bah PN Syiem CEM of KHADC, will not be able to continue as CEM in KHADC. Administrator until the MDC elections in
The opposition has fully supported the implementation of the ILP in the state, but Mukul Sangma has insisted that the government will not implement it and Ardent has not agreed to implement the ILP. The Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly has passed the resolution by a vote of no confidence and the Congress-led ruling party has won the resolution. Ardent didn't respond.
No vehicles will be allowed to park on the side of the highway.
On the death of pigs, Tynsong said that no assistance can be given if they die themselves, unless they are slaughtered by the owners to prevent the spread of the disease.
He said the state should assist schools in the field of sports so that they can take part in the competitions of the School Games Federation of India.
In 1967 the Seven Day War broke out and it can be mentioned here that before and after 1948 the courage and zeal of Christians around the world to shout for the land of Israel was great. ima bad smoke shisha.
The government has ordered an inquiry after the woman lodged a complaint with the Minister in charge of Soil and Water Conservation, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh and Principal Secretary, RM Mishra last year. dep, alleging that the director of the department has harassed her and has not released her salary for six months, just because she does not want to stay at home.
The KJNU under the leadership of its President Niman N Shadap together with the leaders of the Chdoh Ri Jaintia Maya (CRJM) and the Hynniewtrep New Generation Movement (KNM) have held a rally. The ceremony was held at Highwinds Restaurant near Thadlaskeiñ.
The Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya on the 28th of this month celebrated the 'Amrit Kalash Yatra' under the campaign 'Meri Mati MeraDesh' in the villages in the border areas of Meghalaya. .
The listener and the listener need to understand clearly the language in which the speaker speaks.
In the case of the snow and ice, it has become like fish ponds.
The total amount of heroin seized last year was 33.4 kilos.
It is impossible to reject immediately because a nation that doesn't follow change appears as a backward nation but before our Lariti disappears completely we need to be surprised and listen to the cry in our own hearts. We can still do or what we can still preserve if we still love our own Lariti, perhaps no one can stop our free will and we cannot reject what comes before us. , but know that a little effort can be the cause before the world's recognition.
Recess : the meaning of recess is not to stop; shikylla is the time to speak or do anything.
Members of KHNAM, relatives and friends of Bah Nongrum and Bah Warjri came to accompany them on their hunger strike.
The JHTOA invites all truck owners to the meeting to discuss the entry of local trucks and also to load goods from the dewbilat factories to avoid taking time or standing for many days at the loading docks.
God through Jethro commanded Moses to choose such men to be leaders (Exodus 18:21).
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the state will have three more oxygen factories and six oxygen production sites in the state. There are no treatment centers across the state of Meghalaya.
Mawlai MDC Teibor Pathaw together with the Mawlai Town Dorbar have met with the Chief Secretary Prestone Tyngsong to demand the opening of a police out post in Mawlai Mawkynroh.
It is a shame that when NEHU announces that all admissions to undergraduates of colleges in Meghalaya will have to sit for the CUET examination conducted by the National Testing Agency, the state government will have to thank They urged the Central Government to exempt Meghalaya from this test.
Pangniang said it is not clear what the government intends to use Aadhar. He said there are claims that Aadhar will free from corruption. “If you can't cleanse the heart of a person, it's better for the laws of India or Meghalaya to protect you from the root cause of corruption,” said Bah KP Pangniang. he did not emphasize and did not condemn Aadhar, but he did not find any evidence that Aadhar would be necessary.
During these 45 days there are works that God will accomplish before the 1000 years.
“The Office Memorandum issued in 1972 regarding the jobs exempt for Scheduled Tribes (ST) and Scheduled Castes (SCs) states that Except for the public announcement, there should be 9 or less posts announced for the ethnic groups that should not be eligible, they will not appear anymore, because it is necessary to follow the points of the Roster in the recruitment" .
The tournament was organized by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) in collaboration with the Ministry of Sports and Youth Affairs of Meghalaya. u Congress.
However, if formalin is injected along with the injector, the price of the fish has dropped.
The Government has not forced us to do this," she said, adding that it is a personal decision to show respect, love, happiness and brotherhood as people of the country.
The EIA notification 2020 is unclear and it is not clear whether it is a law that will improve or deteriorate the environment. and whether this new draft of EIA notification 2020 will improve the environment by encouraging the people of the country to plant trees or will it destroy the environment by destroying trees and depleting resources? don't think about the future!.
In the first half, the match ended in a 1-1 draw.
Even in this so-called Christian country, there are still many people who do not believe in Jesus.
The English language is closely related to globalization.
Shillong: The residents of Tympang Iawmusiang Village, Jowai, have thrown away the garbage in front of the office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills, Jowai. .
The meeting was held at the Multi Indoor Sports Hall, SAI, NEHU, Shillong, in the presence of Bah Païa War Nongbri, Assistant Director, Bah K.Passh, Assistant Director, officers and DSOs. The tournament includes Basketball, Boxing, Athletics and Shooting.
Members of the complainant strongly opposed this and immediately the Lyngdoh and his supporters fled the venue and the officer fled with the Lyngdoh's group.
Shillong: Teachers of the All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (SASA) on Friday staged a sit-in at Madan Student Jaiaw to demand their rights from the state government. .
The General Secretary of the UDP said that the chairperson has said that it is not yet possible to express the opinions, as they will have to be submitted to the Expert Committee for consideration. UDP leader to clarify on the issues raised.
Indeed, there are no planners in this government now.
Surprisingly, they don't even know what RTE is. “We don't know what RTE is whether the government issues books or anything in any way,” said one woman.
After the completion of the work, there was a distribution of rice, gold and silver to take home.
Speaking to reporters, the Chairperson of the Committee, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that the Committee has summoned the leaders of these three authorities and found that there are many issues. There are no reports of any incident in Nongrah.
A case has been registered against Ram Dhar under Case No. 22(2)15 U/S 302 IPC.
The 5th Jaintia Hills District Chess Open Tournament 2023 will be held on the 17th and 18th of June at Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai.
Special thanks goes to the MLA of Mawlai constituency who has seen this need and hopes that all the 60 MLAs together with 2 MPs to the Lok Sabha and one Rajya Sabha MP of the state will cooperate. without any political differences for the benefit of the state as a whole on this issue.
The total number of cases in the country has now reached 2,876,1
The loss of electricity in the village has upset the students who are preparing for examinations at various levels.
In Bri U Hynniew Trep there is a lot of mythology that we came from the family of Khadhynriew (16) skum from heaven through the golden bridge of Lumsohpet Bneng, which is about 21 KM east of Sor. Shillong.
The 36 winners from their respective states will now compete in the National Round in Delhi.
“There have been groups who have started to take legal action because they are not satisfied and have their own expression of feelings from the people, but today in the “We have seen the situation of how they have taken and where the border settlement between the two states has started”.
In the past we lived together, we lived together, they came to live with us in all the land, because we built good houses.
It is a walk from Phlangtyngor village and takes only 45 minutes through the lawbah lawsan and farmland.
The Government through the Education Department should provide a clear explanation so that the children, parents, school authorities and teachers will not remain in darkness.
Wanpli agreed to this but changed her mind later.
Gogoi, while criticizing the statement by the Chief Minister of Assam through social media, that neither he nor his wife has received financial assistance from the central government.
John said this after the Powerlifting Association of Meghalaya on Thursday held a ceremony to honor its athletes who have recently won their titles. They won their title at the national tournament held in Goa.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner and District Sports Officer, Ri-Bhoi District, Nongpoh, has organized a running competition. From different parts of Ri Bhoi, they came to participate.
It should have adequate opportunities to lift the residents out of poverty.
Sources said that more than 1,000 people gathered in front of the Palace Compound, near the Advance Hospital at 6 pm, where there was also an attempt to rob. .
The East Khasi Hills District authorities have issued an order under Section 144 CrPC prohibiting the opening of shops, grocery stores and restaurants in Shillong after 10 pm.
However, there are also areas which are still in dispute between the land owners and the government and these are still in Umsawli, Mawpdang.
The non-government office is located at NACS House, C-60, SIDCUL, Industrial Park Sitarganj, Udham Singh Nagar, Uttarakhand. India, and has branches in West Bengal, Jharkhand, Odisha, Bihar, Chattisgarh, Sikkim, Assam, Meghalaya, Manipur, Mizoram, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh and Tripura.
U Bah Ban has resigned from the ARPA, because there has been a conflict within the KHADC for the post of EM. She has been appointed as the Minister of Home Affairs in Garo Hills.
Because it is said that Japan and South Korea, both of which are close countries and allies of the United States, there have been other problems and problems that have affected the relationship between the two countries. these countries and the US these days.
During his two-day visit to Meghalaya, the Chief Election Commissioner of Meghalaya, along with two other Election Commissioners, Anup Chandra Pandey and Anup Goel, also had the opportunity to meet with the Chief Election Commissioner. They have held talks with many senior officials in Meghalaya from the Chief Secretary, Director General of Police, Chief Election Commissioner of Meghalaya, the Armed Forces. in order to conduct a smooth and fair election.
It is also true that the road from Umrit, which leads to Umdu and NH-6 in Ri Bhoi, is one of the most important roads for thousands of people living in many villages. There is no road in Ri Bhoi Sepngi, because all the people use this road.
But if the beheading pleases them, I will go wherever they want me to go.
“She said that the Government has not forced anyone to return home but the Government has received many requests from the people who are living in fear of the bloodshed.
After treatment, he will be brought before the Principal Sessions Court for an order on the days of his remand for further investigation.
He said that the DC had said that these Assam government officials had not informed him before they came but he had seen through the media.
While the state government has proposed to introduce the Administrator Rule (AR) but the office of the Governor has not yet taken a decision.
The MDSA has congratulated Amebalaker Wanniang, one of the youths of South West Khasi Hills District, who has been a leader in the archery competition. TATA Archery Academy, one of the most famous archery training centers in India, is located in Jharkhand.
Dr. Don said that the people living on the border accept the signboard but the issue is that they want it to be erected from the border so that their land will not be destroyed.
In this regard, the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai has invited all District Associations, Sports Clubs, Schools and Colleges from West Jaintia Hills District to come and participate on the date mentioned. above.
The Assistant Director of NBT is in the city to hold the Shillong Book Fair at the State Central Library from 8th to 16th July.
The Khasi Jaintia people have lived in righteousness since ancient times and have been taught and glorified by their ancestors from generation to generation according to their way of life, way of working and acting with dignity and morality. sit down from the lyngwiar of Mei's house.
The DEO informs that all the troublemakers will be booked under CrPC
“Therefore, after the EC has approved the Bill, I have sent it back to the Special Committee to amend the Bill,” he said. state.
Shillong, June 21: A 36-year-old boy has been missing for 28 years. The mother of her relatives did not expect that their son would return home again.
On the same day, leading leaders of BAM Jaintia Hills together with members of BAM Shillong including Shan Syiemlieh, Frandy Mynsong, Denzil Hujun, Rocky Rani and Edmund Myrthong came to renew the new office bearers of BAMJH at a meeting held at the ground floor of the school.
The two new MFSWs were inaugurated by the Principal Director and Additional Food Safety Commissioner Dr Vibeituonuo M Sachu.
The UDP candidate's remarks have shocked the ruling NPP, which won 26 MLAs in the election.
Khliehriat, July 11: The EJNC-KC (EJNC-KC) in a statement said that the EJNC-KC (EJNC-KC) has expressed its gratitude and appreciation to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills. Hills District, Abhilasah Banarwal, IAS, who was quick to take action regarding the damage to the road, by sending and directing the NHAI staff to immediately repair the damaged road. Workers are struggling to repair the damaged road along the NH in East Jaintia Hills District.
The whole Result(s) Booklet can be downloaded from the MBOSE Official website.
The arrested were identified as Hari Rajbongshi, 25, Vicky Baglary, 21, Gulzar Hussain, 18 and Joydeep Rajbongshi,
Bah Syiemlieh said that in the past years, the fish that have been farmed have died, but the death rate is only 100 ksing. but it did not affect the other fish.
Jowai, July 19: The curfew, called by various political parties, will start tomorrow at 5 pm and will continue till 21st at 5 pm.
The CSWO also demanded that the Women Commission should ensure that those people involved in this case should be brought to justice, as it is an unacceptable crime.
Speakers on the occasion included the Waheh Shnong of Pamrakmai, IK Rymbai, Assistant Waheh Shnong, Bormi Dkhar, Secretary Shnong and Wellson.
It cannot be said that the Chief Ministers of the North East especially the Chief Minister of Tripura have put forward this suggestion and the Central Government has taken measures in this regard.
If the authorities cannot do this, the government cannot provincialize or challenge these schools especially if they are church or religious schools.
Babylon and the selfish Jews threatened, arrested, beat, bombed, intimidated and imprisoned Isaiah, but Isaiah did not give in to fear and stood firm and won. you are afraid.
Afterwards, these gold biscuits were weighed by Bah Binsing Kharphuli of B.Kharphuli Jewellers, in the presence of the Magistrate who is also the Assistant Returning Officer-Election. witness.
The four persons tried to flee from their house to the houses of other neighbors but due to the severe flood, they all sat on the water.
The increase in the influx of mynder into our State is due to the fact that in our State they are easy to do business especially in the trade of heritage, the absence of insurgent groups like Manipur and Nagaland, and the absence of strong laws to prevent the entry of foreigners into our State such as the Inner Line Permit and many other laws which can be a barrier to foreigners who intend to enter our State. villages in our State.
Jezebel is a woman who deceives the people and God's people who seeks excuses to destroy God's people and calls herself a prophetess, but she teaches and deceives the servants. of God to worship and sacrifice to idols, which does all the works of Satan against God.
Two others who agreed with the decision of the CEC of the party are Bah HS Shylla MDC Nongkrem and Rona Khymdeit MDC Nongpoh.
Also present on the occasion were the BDO of Kharat, Kong EL Warjri, other officers, including the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Shur and the residents of these four villages.
He said that the confidence seen in every face is the precursor to the bright future of India's sports industry.
He was never afraid to tell the truth the truth.
The protesters, dressed in the colors of the Kannada flag, entered the markets and destroyed signboards, which police managed to stop.
In the midst of the challenges and obstacles of this year, may Christmas 2020 bring the blessings of peace and hope to all people as we look forward to the New Year.
In another accident, a Maruti 800 (ML-05-D-8350) collided with another vehicle at Mawdiangum Nongpoh on Tuesday night at 11 pm. A truck number UP-24 AT-1515 parked on the Service Lane collided with a truck and a woman, who was sitting in front of the truck, died on the spot. 5 others were seriously injured.
The death toll in China has risen by 105 to 1,770, according to a statement.
He also advised the members of the party not to become members without knowing the rules but to know how to work from time to time because they should have a good foundation so that they can work. the jams will be perfect.
HDR said that so far the number of people registered in the National Population Register Biometric in the state has been only 10 percent.
Their own people understand what will happen before they act and do not act wrongly while other nations do not understand and do not take responsibility if anything happens and this is wrong.
In one of the complaints, Meena Kharkongor Chairperson of the State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR) has lodged an FIR against her. Others named in the complaint are Hasan, a tin buyer who raped her inside his shop, a Khasi from Borsora who raped her inside his shop. Hosor, who owns a team shop, Apu from Jowai and Sagar, who was brought by a soldier to Mamoni's house to sleep with the child.
The work of PMGSY has been expanded to include new initiatives.
That means that the Jews rejected their King, rejected the Truth, and scattered about 1878 years all over the world.
Therefore, the union urges the Meghalaya government to turn its attention first to the people living on the border and to invest in development projects in these areas, so that the people will feel ownership. shilliangkhmat as it is until now the people have not refused to join Assam.
It is not permissible to speak evil of others as a sin before man or God.
The blueprint shows the government's preparation to build multi-storey houses to accommodate 342 households.
The office bearers of the unit include Pynshngain Marbanniang as President, Lucky Kharbani as General Secretary, Nasha Nongphud as Vice President and others.
The HNLC also demanded that the police should arrest these people involved in these illegal activities.
Shillong, Naitung 8: The JHADC and GHADC should follow the example of the KHADC led by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit for the betterment of the state, said Bah Donboklang Shylla Sports Secretary of HANM Central Body. .
“However, with this incident, the situation will be a little more volatile and we will not be able to resume the talks immediately although we feel that the matter should be taken forward," he said.
The Committee is headed by the Deputy Commissioner or the District Election Officer as the Chairman of the Committee to lead or monitor through the Committee on the preparations for the 2023 elections to elect new Leaders. The State Legislature is located in the State of Meghalaya.
On the sports side, they also demanded to cover the basketball court, to extend the time for those who want to go to the gym and playgrounds.
Khliehriat, June 28: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) East Jaintia Hills District today sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District demanding that the Junior Engineer appointed at the Border Area Development Office in Khliehriat, as this office has not had a JE for many months and the works related to the villages in the border areas have been suspended.
Speaking to media after the briefing, he said that the number of private individuals who apply for passbook and EPIC is surprising as it is a scheme from the Government.
Mookynphad Mihmyntdu will play against Saiñdur Mihmyntdu at 10 pm and Mupliang will play against Pateiñki Sabah at 12 noon.
Shillong, March 06 (PIB): The Chief Minister of Meghalaya today launched a motorcycle drive across the country by a group of motorcyclists who are members of the CRPF Shillong.
The new price will come into force from 6 pm on October 15, the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas said.
On the occasion, Police Chiefs of Bhoi including Bah O.Massar, DySP of Traffic Branch, Bah PS Marwein, Bah DSR Lakiang, Incharge of Traffic Branch, Nongpoh PS, also distributed masks to the victims. They also arrested drivers who did not wear masks, and warned them to wear face masks when leaving the road.
In her speech, Ms Kharshiing said, “People should speak up and help those in need and when they are deprived of their human dignity and that there should be no discrimination in life. person".
For the benefit of the public, Ong O has been charged 1 Kwhr (Mut 4 Tyngka, if the unit costs 4 T).
Before any tragic incident, these villages have urged the Inspector of DMR not to allow vehicles carrying excessive amounts of coal which is also against the law and to ensure the safety of the people on the road.
MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh also urged the people to avoid the use of plastic.
The Joint Secretary of the HSPDP said that all the MDCs of the HSPDP including the party leaders attended the meeting.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said that earlier, the state government had decided not to allow weddings and parties, but now the state government has decided not to allow them. to hold any festival in the two districts.
In the 2013 MLA election from Mawhati constituency, Julius Kitbok Dorphang contested as an independent candidate and won with 8246 votes. and he received 7087 votes.
Not only theft, but there are cases where if you can't steal, you can take your own life.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Shillong Golf Club (SGC) on Tuesday in a meeting with the MLA of Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, Bah Alexander Laloo Hek, has expressed its strong opposition if the Shillong Golf Club (SGC) decides to run the golf course. Children's Park and the Futsal Court to be built soon.
He said that the meeting was held because the people wanted the VAB to become a law especially after the Governor has already signed the VAB of JHADC. At the meeting, the Governor said that he is now waiting for the Bill to come back from the Central Government and after that he will take his final decision.
The comments were of the thirty thirty skit variety and most themselves, expressed distaste.
This competition will be exclusively for the residents of West Jaintia District.
They danced and rejoiced like the children. Ong U Myllung Soso said, “They built in the spirit of the Miaw”.
Sudesh Kumar, IPS, Inspector General, BSF, Meghalaya Frontier led the delegation.
Boys' Higher Secondary School,Jowai16 42254 Sangita Saha (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd) 548*Mayfair Secondary School,Laitumkhrah42578 Ritchelcy Kharchandy (M,S&T,SS,HEd,Kh) 548*Seven Set,Shil Higher Secondary School 42657 Sonali Banik (E,M,S&T,SS,CSc,Ae) 546*St.Margaret's Higher Secondary School,Shillong42727 Deibhakorcy War (M,S&T,SS,CSc,Kh) 546*St.Mary's Higher Secondary5 School091Shillong6 M Sangma (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,G) 546*Sherwood School,Tura18 41977 Teiboklang Chyne (E,M,S&T,SS,CSc,Kh) 545*St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School,Shillong42853 Seine Hussain ( E,M,S&T,SS,CSc) 545*St.Mary's Higher Secondary School,Shillong45960 Mebadki Sohlang (M,S&T,SS,CSc,Kh) 545*Christian Academy,Shillong46061 Julina Basaiawmoit (M,S&T,HE,SS,SS Kh) 545*K.J.P.Girls' Higher Secondary School,Shillong57168 Marcel Lyngdoh (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,Kh) 545*St.Joseph's Secondary School,Umden65094 Saahil Gajmer (M,S&T) SS 55,HEd, *Sherwood School,Tura19 45781 Lawanaibok Kharphuli (M,S&T,SS,HEd,Kh) 544*Christian Academy,Shillong63390 Allegra T Sangma (M,S&T,SS,CSc,G) 544*St.Xavier's30 Secondary Swee 4,Tura Kumari Jha (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd) 543*Govt.
It is time for us to take advantage of modern technology so that we can strengthen agriculture.
This was announced by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong at the opening ceremony of the office of the Executive Engineer PWD (Roads) Mawphlang Division, Mawphlang on Thursday.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Tynsong said; “We continue to call on them (HNLC) to please not withdraw from the peace talks.
The Minister also distributed the F1 male bulls produced through the IDP project to the farmers of 12 districts of the state.
In a statement, the President of the JSU said that the JSU will not rest while these demands have not been met because the jaitbynriew has suffered too much humiliation from the government.
The Langstieh Market, one of the largest markets in the sub-division, will be closed on Monday, 3rd June,
The laws of the world do not allow us to be like that, let alone the Laws and Morals of God.
“The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, has told me about this incident.
Nongpoh, June 12: In preparation for the 2024 Synod Service at the Nongthymmai Presbyterian Church, Ri Bhoi Synod, the leaders of the Nongthymmai Presbyterian Church together with the pastors and the MLA of Umsning today They visited the ground for the construction of the Synod Hall and also other necessities to be provided for the smooth running of the Synod.
The Assam government has suspended the road construction since the 11th of this month.
The girls were taken to the state by train, the police chief said.
If the Creator were able to restore them, that would be much better.
The next match for Lajong will be on 19th June against Diamond Rock at the MFA Turf, Polo Ground at 2 pm.
and without politicizing anyone at such a time.
When asked why he did so, he said that the reason was because the company had not fulfilled its promises – which had promised to fill his farmland with soil. in line with the road) but when the road was finished it did not do as it said.
Referring to the visit of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi during the swearing-in ceremony of the Chief Minister and Ministers, Osborne said that this shows that Meghalaya is ruled by the BJP. “I have spoken to Bah Ardent to help me in this election, but he has made it clear that he cannot go because he is the President of the VPP. in this election," he said.
As the teaching profession is not easy, Bah Mayralborn said that he understands the difficulties faced by the teachers, but he encouraged them not to lose hope or leave halfway and They will work hard to provide the best service or education to the students so that their future will be bright.
The dispute lasted for a while and it seemed that they would join hands to fight but with the presence of the older ministers, they resolved the matter and allowed the contractor to leave. However, after a while, through the order of the Minister of Market, the OC of Myliem Police Station, he went to stop the work.
The team will be led by Darlene M Khonglam as Chef De Mission and Junior Basketball Coach Yolinda Hynniewta as Manager.
Will they be happy at the end of the day when they turn away from their own people and destroy their own country? I am also saddened because the leaders of various churches in our country are silent for some reason we don't know.
A truck carrying food items such as chips and biscuits, which was heading to Nongstoiñ, with registration number AS 01, collided with a truck carrying food items such as chips and biscuits.
The CSWO has demanded that these policemen should be punished and charged under sections 302, 153 and 201 of the IPC. They should register a case against these policemen and prosecute them under section IPC for this brutal murder.
East Khasi Hills CA scored 54 runs for the loss of three wickets.
In that struggle he performed miracles and the miracles of Jesus Christ came from the spirit of compassion and from the loud cry of the suffering and afflicted people.
The HYC said that it puts forward the protection of the jaidbynriew and if the railway line will make it easier for the foreigners to invade the state.
They are good and sweet books that cannot be used for poverty.
AIS SujaU man and woman are the same and are human beings whom God created wonderfully.
When he came to buy the bled, the son immediately cleaned the whole plain from the fish to the mainktien.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 93293 out of which 91353 have recovered and 1568 have died.
The Seng expresses its condolences to the families of the victims who lost their precious lives in the drowning of the jeep in the Tihiang River. Rest in peace to the souls of those who have passed away" and may God grant peace to all the families of those who have lost their loved ones.
Meanwhile, the newspaper reported that during the investigation, police found that Matharoo had illegally run educational institutions across the country in the name of CMJ University and Apex e-Learning.
Passah, who is also the Working President of KHNAM, said that the Daloi and Rangbah Shnongs of the area have informed the meeting that they have not been included in the regional committee to discuss the border issue. They were used only as postmen to bring and deliver documents.
He said that the government is now preparing to prepare the DPR for the construction of Myntdu-Leshkha Stage-2 in Bataw village. which is the government's corruption just to make money from this.
The division of the three sides shows the rympei.
It is to be recalled that the KSU has arrested these authorities and their assistants on the evening of 7th July
The former CEM of KHADC has appealed against the decision of the High Court to the Supreme Court on 14th October.
The current 60-member Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has only 3 women members, the Minister of Health and Labour. Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh from East Shillong Constituency, Santa Mary Shylla from Sutnga Saipung Constituency and Miani D Shira from Ampati Constituency who is also the daughter of the former Prime Minister. of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma.
The meeting also discussed the preparation for the party manifesto and others to strengthen the party.
The internal memo of the Chief DySP of West Garo Hills has been stolen and appeared on social media that GNLA militants including those arrested and those who surrendered, have tried to revive him. The GNLA said that up to 500 youths have joined the group and these have been sent to Nagaland and Myanmar (Burma) to receive training in the use of firearms.
“When the 21st Law Commission in 2018 expressed its view that the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code is not necessary or desirable at this time, therefore, it is a mistake. of the Central Government that it wants to implement the UCC,” said the petition.
He suggested that if Ampareen wins, it would be better to advocate for the formation of the Khasi Regiment to provide employment to the Khasi youth.
Prem also congratulated Reema, “I love you too for doing good to me”.
Among the five, Jespar and Jangjang are former members of the ANVC-B.
He said that he will talk to the DC Kamrup on this issue, so that there will be no surprise to the people of the area especially those living on the border.
This shows that we are the lowest paid ethnic group in India.
“In the short period of my journey with Bah Balajied, I have seen that he too is determined to serve the people,” said Bah Metbah.
It is a fact that other ethnic groups have lived among us, especially in Shillong which has been the capital since the time of the colonial rule and now after we have joined India.
The garbage truck, which was donated by Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, to the Dorbar Shnong Nongpoh, is a Mini Pick-up. Village Leaders of Nongpoh Proper, who have faced difficulties in dumping garbage due to the lack of garbage trucks.
Speaking at the meeting, MW Nongbri said that it is the duty of every human being to maintain the cleanliness of the environment in the state. of all BDO officers to encourage the people from the rural areas to maintain cleanliness throughout the state.
Shillong, November 4: The Pyndenmawbah Sports and Culture Association (PSA) on Tuesday opened the 6th Invitation Football Tournament at Pyndenmawbah.
This can be done at the SDO Office (Supply), Amlarem or through their FPS Centres.
In the first leg which started at 9:30 pm, Lah Bet FC beat Lumshyiap SC by 1 goal. Robindor Kyrsiang scored the first goal in the 15th minute. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 23 : Germany beat Japan 1-2 in their opening match of the FIFA World Cup in Qatar on Tuesday at the Khalifa International Stadium. They beat Australia 4-1 in Group D at the Al Janoub Stadium.
It is learned that the sub center has been repaired twice since it was built in 2009 without implementation and it is only to mislead the people and waste lakhs of rupees. amount.
There are other methods and techniques to quarry stone or shyiap to avoid damaging the environment and at the same time not to violate the MMMCR. he was beheaded.
His thoughts go back to those old days when our ancestors lived in peace in dignity, righteousness and purity of customs and traditions.
According to an RTI reply received by Daniel from the Home Ministry, the Village Administration Bill (VAB) has not yet been submitted to the Central Government but is still in its hands. u Lat the state.
On the same day, these farmers, who brought placards to the market, were accompanied by the leaders of FKJGP, who also held a temporary rally at the market and took the They have decided to temporarily stop buying cows from the cow market, but until there is a talk between these farmers and the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the government.
LG Nongsiej is one of the leaders of the HSPDP who has applied for a ticket from the HSPDP to contest the mid-term elections. It will be held on November 21,
It will be difficult for land owners to evict or demolish when dewbilat houses and street houses are built.
Speaking on the occasion, the Governor said that the youth are the future of the country and the nation.
The salary of the Chief Executive Member (CEM) is T.60,000 per month.
Banraplang Jyrwa, said that the Association has been able to promote a young man from Sohkymphor, Kishan Lyngdoh, who has been able to earn a living and support his family. by playing cricket.
The mother and sister were happy that if Peter and Bah Bok got a job, they would be better off soon because Bah Bok was a good and honest man.
There were also those who suggested that the government should install CCTV cameras on these roadsides to detect those who throw garbage.
She said that on receiving information that a group led by the sordar had gone to destroy the crops in the farm, she and her husband along with some of the villagers had gone to destroy the crops. but when they reached the farm, the chief and his men took out weapons of wounds and threatened them until they were beaten with hands and feet, but they were forced to die. and they shall not be allowed to violate their rights.
It is worth mentioning that this road has been delayed and attempted for many years, in which all the tourists have had to walk on the bumpy dirt road especially during the rainy season.
The New Jerusalem will come down from heaven to earth at the same place on the Temple Mount.
It is for this reason that countries with water scarcity often have water wars and people are willing to shed blood for water.
Tata Motors said that in the past two months, their working hours and production have been only 15 days a month and for April, they have ordered to work 15 days a month. day.
Besides, they cut the price of coal as they please, the payment is not adequate because they have to wait for months to get the money they deserve and some have not received it for years.
Invited persons from Garo Hills and Jaintia Hills as well as the beneficiaries of the Amrit Sarovar Scheme - Merisuklin Syngkon from East Jaintia Hills, Meduwin Marak and Delpinna Sangma from East Garo Hills, were invited to witness the ceremony. I-Day celebration in Delhi.
However, he said that what is needed is the cooperation of the civil society, village authorities, village youth organisations, village VDPs and women's organisations.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: Shillong Lajong FC have once again won their second leg against Delhi FC at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium today to continue their unbeaten run. season in the I-League.
“We expected to win two or three times, we got only six players, how does it help to be in the opposition.
The festival will be held from 4th to 6th November this year.
Julitha Marak, Sistilin Ryntathiang, Banrikmen Lyngdoh and Marme M Sangma have been selected as standbys and support staff include Ranjana Yadav (head coach), Marty Mustafa (assistant coach), Helyna D Sangma (trainer), Lucky Mary Marbaniang (physio) while the manager has not yet been appointed.
We don't care even if those who suffer are our own relatives, because we have learned to emphasize that they are not near relatives, but only distant relatives.
He wrote this article for the benefit of those who wish to do more research.
On the same day, the Hynniewtrep Youths Council (HYC) has awarded prizes and certificates to the talented youth in various fields of sports.
Samuel has been signed by Punjab FC this year after five seasons in the I-League for Shillong Lajong FC and three seasons with Real Kashmir FC. Sunil Chhetri, who is also the captain of India, has been invited to play alongside India captain Sunil Chhetri.
After receiving a complaint from the father of the woman, Preenithson Sangma, who lodged a complaint with the Kharkutta Police Out Post, police are still searching for them.
As usual every year, the Kur has awarded special prizes and certificates to all the students of the Kur who have passed well or who have achieved success in the examinations. various ranks in recent examinations.
“This is only the beginning and without the participation of all, from politicians at various levels, civil society, writers and the people of the country as a whole.
Shillong, July 16 : In honor of the President of India, Droupadi Murmu, who visited the state for the first time, the State Government this evening held a special ceremony to honor her. at the Royal Palace, Shillong.
He said that the BJP-led government in Delhi has made only promises especially to provide jobs to the youth, but the truth says otherwise.
No registration will be accepted after the screening and all players are requested to bring a passport photograph of the athletes.
Khliehriat, July 17: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, in a public notice issued today, has urged all the passengers to find other routes. The National Highway (NH-6), in East Jaintia Hills District, Narpuh, has been blocked due to a landslide and falling stones on the road near the tunnel at Sonapyrdi. pass through this road.
According to the SP, the search operation was conducted at 7mer in Upper Shillong and other places.
“It is because I think about my future and my children, I have endured hardships and hardships and now I am happy that I have found a good job,” he said.
Bah Mawlong has taken the decision as Lamphang on the grounds that even if he wins only 10 percent of the 60 percent of the members of the House, he can elect the Leader of the Opposition. from such a Party.
He said that the state government has had discussions to improve the stadium and has also discussed to allocate up to T.90 crore for the construction of the National Stadium. At present, it is not known where the money has gone, because until now, the state government officials have been trying to forget about the stadium in Kurkalang.
However, if necessary, they invite people from other villages.
Mawkyrwat, 'Nailur 04: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Saturday, 03rd November, 2022 while speaking as the chief guest at the ceremony to honor the youth Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat has announced that the college will become one of the Community/People's Colleges before the end of November this year.
The infant and maternal mortality rate is high in our State, and mostly not due to the lack of health facilities but due to inadequate healthy foods that should be eaten at such times.
Shillong, March 04: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) on Tuesday held a program to congratulate the Under-19 cricketers who will represent the state in the BCCI Women's U-1 The One Day Trophy will be held in Gujarat.
