In Tura, Warima opened the scoring in the 11th minute through Akim R Sangma, but Khliehmawlieh fought hard until Shelbikstar Kharshilot scored the third goal. Lenny Kravity Lyngdoh scored two goals in the 34th and 52nd minutes and one goal in the 73rd minute.
She said that Meghalaya needs selfless nurses to provide the best service to the people of the state.
The meeting was held on a hill known as Lum Wahdop. On top of this beautiful hill, seats were built with shkens and rynsan. Sohra, Pynursla and you can also see the valleys and hills of the Wah rew.
When asked whether he is ready to resign to stand up for the farmers, Malik said he does not need to resign now, and he can do so if necessary.
On the other hand, the government has worked hard to relocate these people from this area to another specially prepared area. The state has also been waiting for a long time for its development.
Bah Bring, who won 9 elections. Of all the candidates after Independence, only Bah BB Lyngdoh, who won 9 elections, in 1962, 1963 (bye election) and The Nongpoh ST Constituency includes hundreds of villages in the Mylliem, Khyrim, Nongkhlaw, Sohiong, Myrdon, Nongpoh, and other Himas. Assam border villages under the Jirang Hima.
Party leaders from West Jaintia Hill attended the meeting including Presidents, Secretaries and members from various Blocks and Units.
Hundreds of supporters from various political parties in Umroi area, came to join the UDP party, after they decided to support their respective political parties. leader.
Application forms are available from 1st to 6th July 2024 at T.
Seven motions and various questions were raised by BJP MDCs including Lakhon Biam, J Treilang Suchiang, Krison Langstang and Dawan Lyngdoh.
These include 70 cases from East Khasi Hills, 1 case from East Garo Hills, 1 case from East Jaintia Hills and 1 case from South Garo Hills.
The time is not the same.
Shillong, Lber 23 : A truck driver from Kyndongtuber village, West Jaintia Hills, Meghalaya, was abducted and killed by robbers on Thursday morning. The victim was shot dead with a wheelrench from the head and after that they threw his body in the back seat of the truck.
“I used to shout when I saw those who came to break the garbage, I used to say, son of a bitch, you fight like this, children, how do you think people are?” said Kong Phliak.
Shillong received 8.6mm of rainfall, Sohra 12.6mm and Umiam 6.8mm.
net/, www.Meghalaya Education.
The syrnot differs from the dulir which is written in detail these parts should be written according to the requirements of the job.
On the same day, the past pupils of St Michael's Higher Secondary School also distributed awards to the students who passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations with the Fr. Felix Bollini Academic Award. the soul of the young man.
Shangpliang said he wants to be the leader of the state, the great leader and the leader for the farmers and the leader of those who need him.
The shops will be open from 7 pm to 7 pm, with 11 shops per day and the Syiem of Mylliem has been appointed as the Incident Commander, Zone. IV to arrange for the opening of these shops.
Ïewrynghep Presbyterian SS won the U-147 (Girls) title by beating Umpohliew Jingtip Higher Secondary School 7-6 in the final match played at Third Ground, Polo, Shillong. H.Elias Memorial HSS beat Umphyrnai Presbyterian HSS 2-1 in the U-14 (Boys) category while St. Anthony's HSS beat Umphyrnai Presbyterian HSS 3-2 in the U-14 (Boys) category. in the U-17 (Boys) category.
The Seiñ Kur requests you to submit your marksheets, certificates and residential certificates by 20th November 2023 to Bah Francis Dkhar. For more information please call 8787777629; 6,909,410,432; 69090 19993.
In India, the total number of cases has risen to 6,565 with 239 deaths and 642 recoveries or discharges.
Therefore, we must keep pace with the times and change to bring about change in the state and society.
Mr. Korma Mukhim (4) Mr. Wansuk Shylla (5) Mr. Biangmon Phniaw (6) Mr. Sing Suting (7).
“There is no time limit for this committee because they have to check the drinking water from time to time until another order is issued,” he said.
However, unfortunately, the area is still facing many problems in terms of backwardness in many areas, and one of the backwardness that the people of the area are still facing is that due to the lack of The adequate mobile towers have also created a problem for the traders in the area and for the purpose of conducting many business through mobile phones.
On the other hand, Bah Fantin said that he has followed the suggestion of Bah PN Syiem as a cooperation for the needs of the residents.
He said that they have built moina (dwelling houses) and placed them in the forests to live in and urged the people of the area not to cut down the trees that are their food. sim in the dong of the area.
Shillong, March 15: The Union of Village Authorities of Sohra (UVDC) has expressed its deep sorrow over the removal and deprivation of ration of many residents of Sohra Subdivision without any reason.
The KJDSTA has urged the Director to release the salaries of the deficit teachers in Secondary and Higher Secondary Schools as soon as possible within the Financial Year 2014-2015 to avoid the same disaster as last year. They have gone to the Civil Deposit and it takes two or three months to collect and distribute them to various schools.
The Center was inaugurated by Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Minister MLA of Sohiong Constituency and was consecrated by Rev HF Wahlang, Moderator of KJP Western Synod in the presence of Bah T.Dkhar, Commissioner Secretary. by the Social Welfare Department.
The same God spoke to the Israelites in Moses' day in Deuteronomy 7:1
He congratulated the police personnel involved in the traffic in Shillong who are facing various difficulties due to the congestion and narrowness of the roads.
One of Assam said that the smart meter shows the old bill without buying a new electrical appliance.
Bah RM ShabongThe issue of Kharmetor has been going on for a long time and the discussions on the relocation of the area are not only being discussed now, but have been discussed for decades. nor is it only discussed in the market, but is discussed in various forums, including the State Legislative Assembly.
After the death of his mother-in-law, they came and stayed in Nongrim Nongladaw until today and Evarist has returned to his hometown of Mawtari Thaiang.
On the border, the people of Assam can enter tens of kilometers into the village to shoot people but in the constitution in front of the Prime Minister's House we cannot even hold a peaceful protest.
The facilities for the drill such as Incident Command Post, Staging Area, Relief Camp, Base, Camp, etc., have been set up at St. Peters Higher Secondary School, Pyndengrei.
Meanwhile, the Rangbah Shnong of Riat Laban, Bah Ios Sun, said that the village doubts that the woman (Prodipta) is a Khasi, because she does not know how to speak Khasi and the village has asked for a Schedule. Tribe Certificate is available, but cannot be provided.
He has been charged under Sections 364 and 302 IPC of kidnapping and murder.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 17: The Hynniewtrep People's Federation (HPF) Ri Bhoi District Unit has given its full support to the 12 hour curfew called by the Dorbar Rangbah Shnong of Ri Bhoi District.
The High Court said that due to the poor condition of the road, many heavy vehicles get lost halfway while other vehicles pass through Jowai instead of passing through the Bypass.
All the residents are directed to collect the rice from their Fair Price Shop Centres.
He said that he had no information about the letter sent by the General Secretary of the party as he was outside the state.
Nongpoh: A 17-year-old man who has been working at the National Bureau of Plant Genetic Resources (NBPGR), Regional at ICAR Umiam, has expressed his sorrow and grief, after suffering a tragedy. He said that he was not paid his salary at the ICAR Umiam.
“If they want to talk to the government, they should stop the violence,” he said.
Speaking at the meeting, Allan said that the people should not take the election as a spectacle, but should remember that it is a special task how to shape the future and the heritage. come and they should establish a good foundation before they press the button to vote for anyone.
On the occasion of Independence Day, Sohra MLA Gavin Mylliem visited these children and gave them a gift.
The president of the KSU at that time, Bah Bull N Lyngdoh, was also arrested by the police.
If you experience fatigue every day, the following may be the cause of a deficiency in certain vitamins.
The Government of India has foreseen that in the midst of these disputes, there will be disputes and has foreseen that if any dispute arises (arbitration), the decision will be taken by the Panchayati. Raj, which is a branch of the Government of India.
However, in the age of wealth, the pursuit of worldly peace has caused the soul of mankind to destroy many springs of water, in the beginning, it has destroyed the forests. he cut down the trees, he attacked the medicinal plants, when he didn't feel anything from the forest, he went down to the lower places when the water was low, here he used his power. He didn't have the strength to distribute through the earth, because of his excessive desire for water to drink, but the rest he turned into a way to earn a living, by selling the fish. .
Other members of the committee who attended the meeting were Justice Dr Satish Chandra, Prof DV Kumar, Prof Chander Shekhar and Prof Subhadip Mukherjee.
The public will have to watch and listen carefully to the events that are happening every day so that the tidew which will be held on the 27th June, 2023 will open up a bright future for the present generation and the generations to come.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 16: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) in a statement issued by the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its deep sorrow and condolences to the Condolences to the family of Bah Nidayophi Dkhar who passed away after his cement truck fell into a 200 feet high river at Mawsynram village near a place near Mawsynram. Mayonnaise Cream.
s 3(d)/4/5(n)/6 pocso.
[quoted from old articles of U Rupang]
Gavi is also a major donor in terms of vaccinations especially in low and middle income countries.
The village leaders rushed to the Durbar Hall of the Syiem of Mylliem to meet the Lyngdoh Raid but he was not in the office and met the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima and requested him to stop the meeting. open the foundation stone.
Righteousness and justice are no longer available from religious to community affairs.
However, despite the pressure from the people, the decision was taken to punish the family of these three men as Lambha (24) told his family members, his Pasan.
While Sein Pynbhalang has not scored a goal in this match, it has not scored a goal.
Both the teams tried to play strongly from the start and no goal was scored until the end of the first half.
I.Kharmuti has also lodged a complaint with the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights against the Meghalaya Government, including the Meghalaya Police Department and the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission for their silence and non-compliance. They have been facing problems in the state for decades.
Shillong, July 10: The Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary on Tuesday informed that the meat and milk of cows with lumpy skin disease should not be eaten and should not be eaten. sell.
Members of the EMRI led by the President of the EMRI, Lawyerson War, Shillong Circle President Treiborlang R Suchen and other members have met with the staff of EMRI at JN Stadium, Polo Ground Shillong. President Lawyerson War, said that the union is grateful to the employees of EMRI 108 for the plight and insults of the employees of GVK EMRI. employees of EMRI 108, for their righteous service to the residents of Jaintia Hills especially in the rural areas which are far from PHCs and CHCs and said that the government should have listened to the problems of these people. EMRI employees, because they have provided services to the people like other public servants in government departments and what will happen if the government implements the demands of EMRI employees especially in terms of providing their salaries and other medical personnel inside the ambulances.
Nongpoh, Lber 07: The rice fields in Ri Bhoi District have benefited a lot to the farmers of Ri Bhoi District and other districts of the state. After harvesting the rice, they have the opportunity to earn a living by planting jhur ki jhep in the rice fields.
He said that the Council will fight hard to ensure that the kharmetor should move out of the area from Iewmawlong so that a beautiful market and parking lot can be built.
Shanborlang Marbaniang under the banner of MPBC will participate in the APB Fight Night to be held at Mopin Solung Ground, Itanagar on the 18th November, Kumar Gurung of Arunachal Pradesh will compete against Kumar Gurung of Arunachal Pradesh in the Super-Fly Weight category.
The Director said that the department has already launched an investigation to find out the cause and those involved in the breaking of the body on the side of the road without proper burial.
“Stand firm on the symbol of the lion so that once again we will get the victory and glory not only of the party, but of the community, the region, the nation and the children of the descendants. a holy judgment without partiality.
He also expressed the need for Oral Substitution Therapy to provide stocks to the people at the time of need.
The Prime Minister has a clear goal in this regard to eradicate money laundering and improve the income of the country.
“The MLAs in recent years have done well, but he sees that he can do even better than what they have done," he said.
The Executive Committee of KHADC under the leadership of Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem as CEM on Friday decided to convene a special session to bring in some expenditure for the preparation of the Monolith. The festival will be held at the Khasi Heritage Village, Mawphlang.
However, the BJP will implement the same strategy in the 2023 elections in the state.
According to Rupang, Pynthymmai Chyne is one of the candidates who has received the support of Lestone Wanswett although nothing has been revealed.
“I remember in 2010-2011, when I was the Leader of the Opposition, I spoke about this road and I urged the Government at that time to improve this road because The state needs another road connecting to Assam,” he said after inspecting the road, which has been completed.
Shangpliang said that his joining the BJP was at the behest of his supporters, as they see that only the BJP can bring about change in the state.
During his visit, Shah will meet with non-Congress political party leaders, religious leaders, coal associations, civil society and others as well as BHP leaders and workers in the state.
Then Hep had to start cleaning.
“Look at the situation in Shillong, the capital of the state, no one is willing to solve the problem of traffic jam.
He said that such matters, without discussion or resolution, cannot be done.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Kit Khongwir, who welcomed everyone for a memorable meeting.
The ISL is run by the Football Sports Development Limited (FSDL).
Nik Dan scored 58 runs off 63 balls, Peterson Lamare scored 35 runs off 26 balls and Firstbornson Dkhar scored 30 runs off 25 balls. 4 wickets in 7 overs.
Yes! There was a fire but it was not a residential house but a house to store only non-daily goods or it can be said that it was a house to store khoh as they say in the village.
He said that so far, the state has received 1,90,026 PPEs, 5,10,000 3ply masks, 1,16,826 M95 masks and 5,000 Rapid testing kids. kids to have a PCR test.
In the first half and second half, despite the heavy rain, the match was very interesting and well played as Kur Marthong FT scored the first goal. Shngaiñ Marthong scored the first goal from the penalty spot in the 15th minute while Kurthongni Sanmat FT turned the tide in the 68th minute through Kuparwel Thongni. game of the night.
“As the union, we are deeply saddened to see the destruction of the environment and at the same time the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board and the State Forest should be responsible for the destruction of the environment. “It's for the benefit of the private sector that it's destroying the environment,” said Bah Marcus Marten.
“We are ready to contest the MDC elections, especially in constituencies where there are MLAs but no MDCs,” said Titosstarwell.
He said that as the new MLA for this constituency, Bah Dios Jyndiang, he said that there is no longer that surprise, because they are the footsteps of Ma ieit Hoping and who has a job. It is to work together with the party and the people of the constituency as a whole.
In a statement, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) said that the drugs distributed on 29th July 2023 were requested by the districts and hospitals in the country. the state.
These Khasi social upheavals are the sources of conflict with other ethnic groups! Have you escaped from these, and have you cut yourself like the beasts of the field? There will be no nation that can progress and at the same time not want to imitate the goodness of others! Wasn't there divorce in ancient times? Where did the word “Pyllait Sanshyieng” come from?
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs and MLA of Pynursla, said that four of them were injured. of the BSF and 2 of the civilians.
However, as the days go by, it has been seen that with the increase in the number of sellers and the shortage of buyers, there is a problem how to manage their goods especially such as jhur ki jhep, soh ki pai, fish dohpnat. and other perishable goods.
The Government of Meghalaya through the Directorate of Educational Research and Training of the State has announced to provide education to school children by broadcasting it through the TV Channel of Doordarshan Kendra, Shillong from Monday to Saturday.
Lajong started playing well as a team and had a chance to score in the 18th minute from the penalty spot. 1 in the first half.
The HYC expresses its gratitude to the PWD office for taking the initiative to listen to the concerns of the people of Lai Lyngdoh.
Let's finish like that now,” said Bah Let. After that, Kong Lumspah gave them another kwai and both the Rangbah left the house.
Even in the face of COVID-19, it is the villages and various organizations that are working with the government.
The road will connect Karbi Anglong District, Land Customs Station and Bangladesh through Meghalaya,” said Bah Pala.
Shillong, Lber, 26: The search for child marriage in Assam continues after the arrest of Aminul Islam from Tura, Meghalaya. on the 25th of this month for raping a 15-year-old girl.
It was said that relationships and friendships can reduce mental stress, increase happiness and promote self-confidence.
Mr. Paul gave a correct answer that the files are not lost at all but have been saved on computerized computers according to the technology of today.
He said that there is no point in shouting 'in our own country' or that the Khasi country is a special country if we don't respect the environment and are not proud of our own country.
T.B.Tongper, Club International Director Rtn.
Riangtem said that the inability of these teachers to pass the MTET examination in 2018 is due to the fact that they are teachers who are on duty and have not been able to prepare for the examination. exam and because they are busy preparing for the exam, the children in their schools.
In 1828 he entered Christ’s College, Cambridge, England, to become a minister.
The President of the VPP said that the party demands that the MDA government should set up an Expert Committee to amend the Reservation Policy and stop the recruitment of jobs according to the Roster System of the Reservation Policy. which is now.
Therefore, the union invites you the people of East Jaintia Hills District to come and take part in this rally as part of the protest against the government on the rules of coal mining which has been very discouraging. to the rit that ria.
He said that his passing away is a great loss to the Seiñkur as a whole because from time to time he encouraged the leaders of the Seiñkur to do better in their work. The seiñkur sends its condolences to the family and children of the deceased.
There are many who oppose the management of the State Government, but we see that the time demands that only two people should sit in one taxi, or only four people in one sumo and so on. including in the case of deaths and injuries, according to the laws of the Government of India.
However, how do they feel about Bhagat's statement that we are all Hindus? What is more surprising is the change of the name of India to Bharat, which opposed throughout India.
Even after many of the Dorbar Shnongs in Jowai Constituency have announced and imposed village rules prohibiting candidates from campaigning in Jowai, the announcement issued by the Dorbar Shnong Ladthadlaboh has not imposed any rules. candidate to campaign for the election as well as to lead the supporters of the candidates to the public meetings to be held at Ladthadlaboh.
He praised the support of the people for the office blockade on the first day.
He said that the city cannot develop the new Shillong as expected by the people.
He said they were taken from Guwahati Airport to Shillong.
But when they win, you don't see them anymore.
At GS Road-Umsohsun, 3 shops have been closed and 30 days have been given to remove the goods, in Laitumkhrah 3 shops have been given 30 days, in Jaiaw Langsning one has been given 30 days. In Laban, one shopkeeper was occupied by the shopkeepers, in Lawmali, 30 days were given to withdraw their goods, in Mawprem, 6 shops were given 30 days and 5 shops were given 30 days. In Mawbah, 5 shops have been closed within 30 days, in Ichamati, 5 shops have been closed.
Shillong, July 20: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has announced its candidacy for the Sohra constituency.
Waters has been married five times, first to Judith Trim from 1968 to 1975, Carolyne Christie from 1976 to 1992, and Priscilla Phillips from 1993 to 2001, then Laurie Durning from 2012 to
This is to inform you that Ma Moosyiem Sutnga, husband of Kong Lamsah Challam, passed away on
Fortunately, no one was injured in the incident, but only the damage was caused to the TV, Dish TV, Khaw, clothes, chairs and other items. and others.
Balajiedkupar received 12,002 votes while Grace received 5,781 votes.
Ula is 44 years old.
“We have found many cases where employers bring employees to our organization after they have been infected and when the DNA test is done, it is found that the father of the child is the owner of the house. She added that there is no law to protect them and the only way is to include the domestic workers in the Schedule of Minimum Wages Act.
He also reminded that the BJP's motto is, the country first, the party second and himself last.
Construction of the hospital started on 30th July 2012 and was completed on 14th July
During this visit, Ferdinand will meet with many experts from various NGOs and will also visit schools.
“Only from Nongpoh and Umsning, there is no ticket race, because DD Lapang and Dr Celestine Lyngdoh are not present,” he said.
Many of his suggestions were not helpful.
Notices of withdrawal of candidates shall be sent by the candidate or any person of the candidate who is an Election Agent authorized by/ candidate and must be submitted before 3 pm on 10th June 2023.
Samlin Malngiang will hold the PHE and Secretariat Administration Department.
When investigated, it was found that they had used a labor license which allowed them to work inside their house, even though they came to offer to sell goods in the villages of War Jaintia.
However, although these requirements have been complied with and appointment has been made on sanction posts or vacant posts, the appointment orders have stated that the appointment has been made on an Adhoc Basis. without renewing appointment orders.
About 500 members of the group from East Khasi Hills District and parts of Jaintia Hills District came to take part in the rally in Shillong.
The first match of the tournament will be between Umphyrnai SC and Lawsohtun SC at 3.30 pm.
“In Meghalaya we have seven mother tongues taught under MBoSE including Khasi, Garo, Mizo, Nepali, Bengali and Hindi.
Lorenza, a resident of Laitkor Kynton-U-Mon, Shillong, Meghalaya, was the only woman from the state team and four other men who went to the team. The Asian Kickboxing Championship 2022 will be held in Thailand from 10th to 19th November
“The Minister of Arts & Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, has congratulated the Prime Minister for giving us the goal and mission to take forward the development of the State.
Although the arrival of the rainy season, when the cold wind and the signs of snowfall, stirred up the body, in Laitsohpliah, the place where the race started, of the 21K, the step before the start was that our mother came to shat phyrnai, which was a sign of her participation in this race.
Speaking on the occasion, Alvin said, “I understand that I have to put aside my party membership and I ensure that I will work properly to fulfill my duties, according to the law,” he said. You are the MDC of Mawsynram.
Therefore, the area that is willing to accept will get first and the area that is not willing to accept and those who oppose will never do anything against the will of anyone because in the end we rule for the people and by the people. " she said.
Forwardman Nongrem, President and Jiedskhem Nongsiej, General Secretary of KSU were also present on the occasion.
It is not known how the Minister of Education will feel about this.
“The BJP party through its Manifesto has promised about Rs 200 crore to all religious groups to build places of worship.
Shillong: A police gypsy has been set on fire by robbers at Mawlai Mawroh on Tuesday morning.
When inquired, he said that there were two other friends of his, who were drinking kyiad together and they were known as U Rit and U Bok. They were handed over to the Pynursla Police Station this evening.
The suspects were handed over to the Shangshak Police Station in Ukhrul district.
Ashok Gehlot, Rahul Gandhi and Sachin Pilot were photographed in New Delhi.
This blood was distributed to all the children who played chess in Nartiang.
The NYD was held in collaboration with the District Sports Office, Sein Khynroo, Dkhiah West and the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society.
It was also prohibited that no election meetings should be held without the permission of the Office and the Dorbar Shnongs concerned.
The Metric fell leaders, who speak trading English, how can they run the affairs of the state which includes not only the law and order affairs? , but the budget, planning etc. which are the various development projects and all other projects, which should be looked after only by the intellectuals? Who elects these MLAs and MDCs? When such leaders appear, it spreads to the electorate who sent them.
Nongpoh: The MIDC Industrial Estate, Umiam, Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, today announced that it will continue to work in the MIDC Industrial Estate, Umiam. Leaders of the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF), Umiam Unit, on Tuesday conducted a surprise inspection to find out the truth about the illegal immigration of foreigners in the area.
In Police Bazar, they include Thana Road, Jail Road, Police Bazaar Main Road and Khyndailad Point.
Therefore, the Government is requested as the DC, SP East Jaintia Hills District, to take action against this violence by the BSF troops in the evening, so that there will be no clashes between the villagers and the villagers. BSF and to bring peace and stability.
On this occasion, Bah Pyniaid donated money to the Dorbar Shnong.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest urged the students to continue until the end of the training, so that they can get more information. the assistance of Coaching Classes as the time demands.
He said that the department together with officials of the department conducted an inspection to Umsawrang and Dangar villages.
The dark ones who have entered the house are also like the 'pukir' without a house.
Child marriage causes confusion, temporary differences, loss of education, affects their health and the future of the nation because school children and students are the future of the society .
They should also be given a place or a share in the Khadar administration especially in the preservation of the customs and traditions of the people.
“The government has issued notices to punish those who violate and sell at low prices, but in the market the vendors have sold above the price set by the government,” said Shaniahlang Suchen.
“Even the permission to implement the Inner Line Permit in the state could have been obtained within five minutes if the BJP was allowed to rule in the state,” he said.
“We have our own customs and traditions in society and customs and traditions which are based on our ownership rights, so how can we believe in Assam when we don't have any relationship,” said the statement.
In fact, United have not yet decided to sell Ronaldo to Real Madrid.
Shillong: The Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in charge of Trade, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the Sengbhalang or anyone else should not apply for trading license but should help the Council to inform them. do not do illegal activities.
Coming one Joy Tlang gave a training on “Channelizing Youth Power for Nation Building”.
It is to be recalled that the government on Thursday took to the Legislative Assembly and released the report on the shooting death of Bah Che which was submitted by the Independent Investigation Team headed by Justice T Vaiphei. Shillong, Nailur 14: U Bah Disparsing Rani, a prominent RTI researcher, on Tuesday said that the government has appointed the HNLC to investigate the shooting death of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew. The NPP has built its office near the residence of the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court illegally. The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has refused to issue a building permit and also the permission to cut down the trees on the site.
HDR Lyngdoh said that before he became the leader of Sohiong, the constituency was like a fertile field, but it was left without farmers and caretakers. “Not only in Sohiong but also in the state as a whole, during my tenure as Minister of State, I have brought about development in Sohiong. “I have introduced by-passes in the state worth billions of rupees,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, Ms Macdalyne S Mawlong expressed her gratitude to St. Paul's Higher Secondary School for receiving the proposal to purchase a school bus to serve the students from all over the country. After a request to the Prime Minister, he immediately handed over the school bus as needed by the students of the school.
On the other hand, the MTSO officials said that through this competition, Meghalaya Got Talent will not only showcase their talents, but will also be a source of income.
The President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit said that the BJP believes that in democracy the citizens should come forward to express their feelings and especially their aspirations and the BJP as a political party accepts. It is only the BJP in the country that works with the people to formulate its policies.
New Delhi, July 22: Although the women's football team in India is not as popular as the men's football, in the FIFA Rankings, the women's football team is not the best. team that Male.
On the other hand, the HYC has said that it cannot accept as the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma has said that the government will not allow the residents of the state to enter the vacant areas. There is no provision to authorize or deploy government forces such as police in these areas for this purpose.
Therefore, the Gambian government has taken steps to ensure that the purchase of medicines from India is temporarily refrained from being purchased from India to avoid any tragic incident.
However, he said that part of it may be true, but when you look closely, it is something that the nation cannot accept.
We would like to invite all the members of the MDA, all the political parties, all the civil society groups from different regions and other important groups including the religious leaders because it is something we feel that all the “We have to participate and understand all the facts,” he said.
During the ISSF World Cup (Rifle and Pistol) Bhopal 20-27 October 2023, in an interview with Luciano Rossi, the President of the International Shooting Sport Federation (ISSF) said that India is a country that supports shooting sports and hopes that India will be able to hold more such tournaments in the future.
However, for those who died after 20.03.2022, 90 days have been given from the date of death due to Covid-19, to apply for this assistance.
The ECI has coordinated the entire IT process by monitoring three main groups namely voters, political parties and those in charge of elections.
Not only did they hate the teachers but they also tortured them by harassing and delaying their salaries until they slept all night on Secretariat Road and even shot gas at the teachers. .
We would like to thank the people for taking part in this lockdown (COVID19) by staying at home without going to work.
The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills has reminded the vendors and smugglers of the orders issued which have directed the vendors to immediately move away from the public footpaths.
The power of the WORD is so strong that we call our children the most beautiful children in the world.
Nongpoh: U Bah Kennedy C. Khyriem, Leader of the Petroleum Dealers Association of Meghalaya (PDAM), today said that the Petroleum Dealers Association of Meghalaya (PDAM) will contest against the Petroleum Dealers Association of Meghalaya (PDAM). tyngeh, in order to eradicate the theft of oil from oil tankers, passing through the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi, because this theft of oil is not a small thing, but a terrible theft. and tens of thousands of crores, counting every year.
Lindsayula also tells of the muja during the hunting trip organized by the Syiem of Jaintia, who was a civilized man, in which he came to the place where he had arrived. the presence of a fleet of up to 50 ships carrying flags.
Shillong, July 11: An 11-year-old boy has escaped from the hands of kidnappers only through the money he found on the road.
“We will think in the next few days if Bah HDR Lyngdoh does not resign.
At the ceremony, the Chief Minister of Manipur inaugurated the MC Mary Kom Road leading to the National Games Village in Imphal West district.
Speaking to reporters, HANM Central Boby President Lamphrang Kharbani said that the party has discussed thoroughly and has decided with all the leading members from the nine districts, to suspend the meeting. At the same time, the party has denied their allegation that there has been a conflict between the party and the party.
The foundation stone laying ceremony was conducted by Bah Rollingwell Awphniaw who is also the Chairman of the Managing Committee of the school. Myrthong (Teacher), Miss Pynsuklin Kharbani (Asst Teacher Ebanezer English School Langlew), Bah M.Thabah were among the elders of the area who also delivered speeches at the meeting.
It is prohibited to give the Kur name of another person without the knowledge of the Kur owners.
They also said that they will hold another meeting and will continue the strike in the coming days.
He urged the state government to take all necessary measures to ensure that the law is implemented and those involved will be punished according to the rules.
Shillong, November 15: Two Garo rebel groups, the ANVC and the ANVC-B, have surrendered their weapons to the state government today.
Shillong, Jymmang 13 : Thousands of residents of Sohiong constituency have attended the campaign rally of the NPP Sohiong constituency, Bah Samin Malngiang on Monday at Rangshken.
Global Times editor Hu Xijin tweeted, “As far as I know, the death toll of Chinese troops in Galwan on July 15 is very low, compared to the death toll of Indian troops. up to 20 people.
Perhaps the young people who have learned will no longer say that they go to farm but they will say that they have machines to farm.
In the second half, Samuel Lyngdoh Kynshi took the ball alone but the defenders of Mawkhar stopped the attempts.
The winners of the drawing and painting competition were Thorman G Momin, Elizabeth M Sangma and Winsterfield Khonglam.
We understand that there are many challenges for our youth in these times especially the temptation of drugs which is a drug which has taken many lives and has made many stupid.
Allah teaches us that killing a child in the womb is the greatest sin.
West Khasi Hills won the title after beating South Garo Hills by nine wickets in the final match of the tournament.
“As it is, the registration of land with the government is very important, because when there are those who need to borrow money from various banks, for household needs and education. “They used to ask for the land plots registered with the government, but the registration fee has caused a lot of trouble to the people,” said Bah BB Makdoh.
Explaining the MDA government, he said, “Do you know what the MDA is?
The MCA today announced that four players from the state have been selected to take part in the Zonal Cricket Academy to be held in Guwahati from June.
Shillong, Jymmang 09 : The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) Vincent H Pala on Friday said that his party has set a priority to protect the indigenous people of the state.
Although I don't have a job or a proper business, I don't worry about it. I am happy when I can provide land for others especially for those women who have to support their children or their households. From this Union I am ready to talk to the government authorities to look into the problems of the day laborers who often face problems especially In the price of bills, most of the employees are charged by those who pay the bills and the Government should set the right price.
The elections to Andhra Pradesh, Arunachal Pradesh, Sikkim and Odisha were also announced by the Chief Election Commissioner Rajiv Kumar.
But Satan's plan fails.
In recent years, it has been shortened.
While the Research and Development (R & D) departments of many automobile firms and car manufacturing plants are conducting research, along with the development of catalytic converters, silencers or mufflers to reduce the noise of the engine of a car/motorbike, so that they can reduce the noise of the engine. Many of them have lost their noise reducing equipment so that they can replace it with other equipment or equipment that makes more noise than the noise of their car/motor bike.
He also alleged that the lies of this government are becoming more and more evident every day in all kinds of matters especially in relation to the power outages.
Sawian said that the lack of attention of the Government under the leadership of the National People's Party (NPP) has discouraged and discouraged the students and it is on this basis that the party has decided to They wanted to force the Government through a meeting at 1 pm at Fire-Brigade Ground Laitumkhrah and started a march to the Additional Secretariat.
During this Christmas season, the whole city of Shillong has become like a foreign country.
The DC said that by casting a vote, the citizens will elect a strong leader and will make India a strong country in democracy. Also present on the occasion were Arwotki Sumer, Secretary of Sein. Raij Jowai, D V Lyngdoh, Additional Deputy Commissioner.
On the other hand, Bah Jason Mawlong also took part in the Youth Week celebration organized by the Seng Samla of Sohkyndur Village, which is also part of the gathering of the youth of the village to bring love. and unity among young people.
Ampareen's remarks came after AL Hek, who is also a BJP MLA, strongly criticized his fellow BJP MLA Sanbor Shullai for his sudden remarks while The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, was speaking at the rally for the support of the NDA Presidential candidate Draupadi Murmu on Tuesday.
He said that the meeting was held after allegations from other political parties that HDR Lyngdoh has no more lyer in Wahlyngkut. The Ministry of Home Affairs of the State Government has held a meeting today at the village to see whether it is true that there is no lyer anymore.
Shillong: The State Development Department will soon convene a meeting with the Hawkers' and Vendors' Association of Shillong.
Why do such questions arise? Because the religious differences in Khasiland are very strong and the religious differences are not only between the Khasi, Hindu or Muslim religions but even among the Christians there is a strong conflict with many paid families. It is not because of the father or mother, but because of the religion.
My lord, I am the one who has sent the Bru world to the world.
Other side effects of green tea are iron deficiency.
Factories are among the most profitable and do not count.
Yash Chopra reportedly came up with the idea of ​​making the film at a time when Amitabh Bachchan's acting career was in decline.
In mixed doubles, Josefina Dala Passah and Mebanker Shulai won 21-12, 21-1
If this policy is implemented, it will benefit the players who want to reach the goal.
The price of piat is T.40 per kilo, sugar T.38 per kilo and Khaw T.25 per kilo.
At the same time, he said that this statement by him in the media is to make the people recognize that he really has the intention and courage to stand as a candidate in the 2023 elections.
“Today we have witnessed that although India has planned to send or import cargo vehicles to Bangladesh, the Bangladesh government has refused to accept these goods because it has not been prepared and even the medical teams. “It has not been installed at its gate,” said Laitphar and added that all the village leaders and civil society organizations are not against the trade, but to provide safety measures to curb the spread of COVID-1
He said that not everyone is afraid but there is also a lack of attention because they have seen that the number of cases has decreased and they feel that if they don't give, it will be. shi seen, they think it's enough but the department has been urging them from time to time, and they have been urged to complete both sien and only once they have received twice, the medicine can be three works completely".
The HYC Raid Nongtung Circle led by its President Herculus Suting and Pynsukjai Sten as its General Secretary, in the presence of the Sirdar of Mawlasnai, Bah Peter Thongni and others. members of the organization.
E.Jyrwa scored the first goal for Umlyngka SC while K.Nongkhlaw scored the first goal for Lumparing SC from 35' to
So these people cannot be Hindus or Muslims," ​​he added.
The opposition has strongly criticized the CEM of KHADC for misusing the powers and authority of the Speaker of the Dorbar, by ordering him to conduct the Dorbar according to the will of the EC and the will of the Speaker. u CEM. As in the House, it was seen that at the time of the issue, Bah Pynshngain and the opposition stood up to strongly oppose not to allow the discussion, while there was Ardent also invited the Speaker of the House to continue the work. At the same time, Bah Ardent also signaled the EM Elaka Bah PK Pangniang to continue his explanation. on this mat iatai.
“In the past five years, the performance of the university has been very poor and the performance of NEHU has been poor as well,” said Bah Vincent.
The MDC gave assistance to the families of these refugees and urged the people of Meghalaya to help these refugees.
Meanwhile, Lumshnong YWSC beat Wahiajer Narpuh FC 1-0
The case has been registered under Section No.19(2)2008 U/S 302/34 IPC under the direction of Sub-Inspector M Myrboh who has also filed a chargesheet against Herman Shylla.
Among Hindus, marriage is considered a sacrament, a holy and sacred act and a duty for the disciple to perform for the woman and the woman for him male.
Ingty said “the east needs change, it needs highways to connect with South Asian countries to boost their economy”.
The PIL of Bah Syiem requires the state government, central government and district council to respond as the case violates the provisions of the Constitution.
If the DC wants to be like a ksiang to the companies, he should also think first of the life and death of the people.
According to a source from the research team, as the youth are more likely to be victims of violence, efforts are now being made to prevent and provide awareness training to the youth in this regard. section.
The purpose of this program is to train the students in many fields before they start looking for employment, and also to encourage them to develop their skills so that they can be involved in the the and various schemes of the State Government.
He said that the withdrawal of the UDP from the PDF is not the wish of the MDCs of the party, but the wish of some leaders who are afraid of the current MDCs and who have to fight with them. “You see, there are strong MDCs (Main Guys) who will contest in 2018, that's why Bindo is afraid of Antonio, Jemino and Latiplang. and Reming to Banteidor (Paidang),” said Pynshngaiñ.
He added that in democracy one has to listen to the voice of the majority.
With these victories, Dkhiah West SC and Deinchynrum SC are still leading the points table.
The Bhoirymong-Mawlasnai road, which is about 20km long, has been narrowed and narrowed, especially the part from Khlieh Mustem to Mawlasnai. it was easier, faster and cheaper.
A spokesman for the Pakistani army confirmed today that it had captured an Indian fighter pilot, although earlier it had claimed to have captured two pilots, one of whom was injured. .
“We have seen in the case of electric vehicles, in the past 10 years, we have seen that people didn't know and didn't understand and didn't understand how to use but now in the last 2-3 months, we see that they “People have better understood how to use it because at first everyone was afraid of the electric vehicle. It was like the lyer tyndong shet,” said Bah Shadap.
“The department needs to get the report from the BDO, the Deputy Commissioner and the Police Station and they will send the report to MeECL and MeECl will send it to the Electricity Inspectorate. The department will send assistance to these children”.
“Ieng beit don't be like that or I'll be shocked,” said Miss.
If anyone from the villages, students or Seng Bhalang, knows that anyone has been affected by this disease, please inform and testify. so that we can continue to go to those places, to talk to the government authorities, not to write in the newspapers just to mislead.
The bus will stop at Hynniewmer, Shillong and Lailad in Sohra.
The paid meat eaters suffered greatly.
Speaking on the occasion of the opening of the Conference Hall which was donated through the CEM Scheme, Bah Titoswell Chyne said that this hall will be one of the rooms to assist in many areas and the needs of this college such as holding meetings or other purposes.
MeECL has already submitted all the necessary documents including the CAG report”.
“Therefore, many ASHAs have to work with their parents, because they have to provide registers and leave household chores,” said the ASHA leaders. Speeches by several Sordar Shnongs of Eastern West Khasi Hills, Sengbhalang leaders who came to support the ASHAs. The ASHAs in Eastern West Khasi Hills started with a Peace Rally from the Civil Hospital Mairang and march through Pyndemumïong to Mot Tirot to hold the meeting.
Another decision was to demand from the Central Government through the State Government to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the State.
The presence of silver plates, silver plates and mawkorkatia shows that it was a densely populated village and inhabited by silverwork and sports.
Shillong: Indian Arrows footballer Ricky John Shabong is currently training with Indian Arrows under the guidance of Indian Arrows coach Igor Stimac in Mumbai.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri-War Shella Circle has found that a company working under Lafarge- Saumya Mining Limited does not have proper documents and out of 300 employees foreign workers at Lafarge, many of whom do not have documents, including Trading License and Labor License according to the inspection.
This decision was taken at a meeting with the owners of coal mines at 7-Mer in West Jaintia Hills District.
Furthermore, the union said that through this new committee, the union aims to distribute 10 byrni of rice to all the households in Bataw village when there is a death as a sign of participation. in their sorrow when they meet such a tragedy.
The award ceremony will also honor the elderly who have reached the age of 80 years, both men and women and those who have reached the age of 100 years.
The cause of the fire is still unknown as there were no signs of the incident, and no one has been charged or suspected.
These Ministers are elected by the people and Ministers may be removed from office by the vote of the people.
Also present on the occasion was the Director of Information and Public Relations, Bah HM Shangpliang.
After the opening ceremony, the final football match of the KSU BN Lyngdoh Memorial was held at Malki Stadium, Shillong. Former General Secretary of the HNLC Thangkhiew was one of the special guests.
Today, we have already sent Rs 30 crore to 60,000 families.
When inquired by the Secretary of Mawrok Porsohsat Village, Bah K.Iawphniaw, he said that the decision has been taken since 2014 to allow only one wine store, not three as it has been found now.
Regarding the arrest, Bah C.Syrti, Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi, said that on receiving information about the presence of these smugglers, the police have raided the area. They also ordered the arrest of these four persons who were suspected of involvement in this case.
The HYC has also explained in detail in its newsletter entitled Save Hynniewtrep Mission.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, today said that the government had planned to relocate the Shillong Medical College to Umsawli, but due to the outbreak of Covid-1 it will remain true.
He made a public spectacle of them and triumphed over them by the Cross.
"How dare Rida do such a thing..." said the Rangbah and others.
He said the Indian government knows that the North East is strongly opposed to the CAB but the Cabinet has approved to take it to the Legislative Assembly and this action of the government shows that it is wrong. and the heart of the whole east shall be destroyed.
Amwi H/S School Thangbuli will play against Ummulong Presbyterian School at 2.00 pm.
The football tournament organized by the Tyrsad Area Sports Association (TASA) at Tyrsad Stadium, in various categories, has been successful.
Therefore, if these ethnic parties in the government do not fulfill one of their promises before the elections, namely to amend the Reservation Policy, it will be a threat to the supporters of the ethnic parties and perhaps those who used to support these parties can support the VPP which has tried its best to address this issue.
Likewise, I feel that it has already been a great start for us.
I am afraid that they will shoot me.
Speaking at the brief meeting, Bah George Lyngdoh, President of HYC Sawsymper Circle, expressed his gratitude to the students who have brought the name and honor to the community. Jessica Marweiñ, who has entered the Top-20 in the 2023 MBOSE results from St. Ferrendo Higher Secondary School, Sawsymper.
It is a special day for the Khasi Jaintia community where three students from Meghalaya who are studying at this university, have won gold medals in their studies.
Mizoram has attracted a lot of tourists during the B20 Conference and the number of tourists to the state has increased in 2022-20232) Sustainable Tourism Activities: The G2 Presidency of India has given the opportunity to showcase sustainable and responsible tourism.
5% has also been allocated for sportsmen in schools, colleges and universities.
When asked how much they earn a day from selling Sohtrun, they did not say, “Instead of paying T.300 per day, we still live a lot. “I'm sitting on the street here,” said one of the women.
This is a place of prostitution, a place of illegal activities and other illegal activities.
On Tuesday, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the CAA will not affect Meghalaya as the Sixth Schedule areas have been exempted from the implementation of the Act.
At the end of the match, the individual prizes were awarded to Mom Mesasukher Lyndem of Khliehshnong, goalkeeper. The Best Goalkeeper went to Romius Swer and the Player of the Tournament went to Banshanbor Nongrum.
Desai took over after the resignation of Rajesh Malhotra.
The match was won by the Government Employees of South West Khasi Hills District against the Pastors of Mawkyrwat Zone by 3-1 goals.
The statue of the party will be unveiled on the occasion of the death anniversary of Ma Ieid Hopingstone on the 26th March this year. more than 300 volunteers, who were imprisoned during the leadership of Ma ieid Hopingstone.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, today met with the Prime Minister Narendra Modi through Video Conference in the presence of nine Deputy Commissioners of different districts in the country. on the distribution of Tika to all residents of the state.
“It is necessary to understand that they should bring forward issues that benefit the state where we all work together for the benefit of the state and to talk about the same thing will not bring about the benefit of the state. no what profit.
With a few months left before the elections, the people will still enjoy watching the drama between the UDP and the NPP as both these parties will contest for power in the state after the 2023 MLA elections. .
The arrest of the party leaders is just an opportunity to make unfounded accusations that they intend to create chaos in the society.
The Dorbar Shnong has informed that it will soon lodge a written complaint with the Chief Secretary of the State Government to direct the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District to expedite the construction of a garbage dump in Mynkjai. which is the place of bread in the past few years.
He said that it was until the NPP-led MDA government took over that they started implementing the MMDR Act which has strictly enforced the rules for those involved in this crime. .
Confirming this, Bah Dmuising admitted that he had applied for a ticket from the UDP to contest the MDC election and the rest will depend on the party's decision.
Ri Bhoi District has been in turmoil last month after leading UDP leaders from Umsning came out to support Umsning MDC Macdalyne Sawkmie Mawlong. The National People's Party (NPP) through its youth wing, the NPYF, has said that other parties have admitted that they will win more seats in the 2023 MLA elections. However, they are confident that the NPP will form a government in the coming term.
This area seems to be no longer within the border of Ri Khasi or Meghalaya.
Besides, he said that he is a pleasure to the people because he speaks to make them laugh and sometimes he speaks to kill those who criticize him.
This year I received a scholarship of Rs.1200/-.
The former police chief raped one of the children when she was 14 years old on 13th and 14th October 2013 and her sister on 31st October
They were welcomed by MPCC President Vincent H Pala, Pynshngain N Syiem, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, Charles Marngar, Ronie V Lyngdoh and others. Many other leaders of the Congress party.
The death toll has risen to
He said that the number of tourists will increase because they are free to travel because they have an ILP which has set the date for their stay.
“The success of the joint candidate depends on the MDA,” he said.
He said that the theft of questions has discouraged the students who are working hard because the student who is expected to pass chess does not reach that goal while the child who does not read chess passes. This gives hope to those who are young.
On Tuesday, Indian and Chinese troops met to withdraw from the fighting and India expressed its opposition to the sovereignty of the country. China, Indian territory and demanded that it withdraw from Galwan, Pangong Tso and other disputed areas.
If approved, it will issue a work order to the Chairman of the VEC to implement those schemes.
Add a few chamomile seeds to the pela, then boil the water and pour into the pela.
Then you are free to campaign for elections to make the public aware of how many protests you have suffered with your young children.
Deikisha Lyngdoh Talang has also won the Miss Personality Top Model India award and has been selected to perform at the India Style Fashion Week to be held on 14th March in New Delhi.
Here too, Mukul Sangma's stai of ruling by force was followed.
Peritoneal dialysis is a special method especially in the newborn by removing waste and excess water from the body, to cleanse the blood.
“Ade Niakha phi la wan...” She said “Yes Niakha it's been a long time since I saw you... I'm sorry and I wanted to meet you...” Niakha turned “Yes I don't go to the market anymore "Now I'm just sitting at home as long as I need to. My father has brought me," replied the mother of Rida.
Aryan Borah scored 8/36 for 80 runs in the second tied innings while Meghalaya managed to beat Sikkim. Kishan Lyngdoh scored 69 runs for the match.
“We have experienced the division during the time of the British government when they used the Divide and Rule Policy to divide the Jaitbynriew.
After the mid-term elections, the Legislative Assembly elections were held in 2018 and Gabriel Wahlang contested for the second term, but unfortunately. He was defeated by Macmillan Byrsat, MLA of Nongstoiñ, who came from the NPP by only 60 votes.
Mawlynnai Wahlang scored 3/20 runs in 4 overs.
After 10 days of the HYC's investigation, officers and employees of the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MEeCL) came to inspect to see whether the electricity supply was illegal but found that they had cut off the electricity supply. They didn't have electrical boards.
Advising the NPP-led MDA Government, Gokhale said, “We have been ready to send questions on the issues of injustice and corruption in the MDA Government. with a written/or clarification on the issues we have raised.
He said that due to the shortage of electricity, the government has arranged to purchase electricity from NTPC from the market to reduce the power outage.
He said that the decision taken on that day is that both the districts will take responsibility to ensure that no incident will occur which affects the peace and order of the people and At the same time, the district authorities have been vigilant to ensure the entry and exit of foreigners who could cause trouble.
He had a plan to go to England but his mother, Sib Sing Syiem Nongstoin, who sent him to school, sent him back to his village because one of his sisters was seriously ill.
Her children said that although she is in the midst of physical illness due to old age, she doesn't sit still, she works in the fields, she throws nuts and plants and throws small stones at them. compound.
There has been a massive explosion in Beirut, Lebanon, last night.
Such characteristics which arise from the feelings of the heart and from the thinking of the animal that is inspired by the understanding of the brain are more common in organizations or unions of groups of people in society.
There will also be a special prize for the singers, musicians such as bass, drummer and others with a prize of T10,0
Shillong, Naitung 31: The Khasi Jaintia Prebyterian Assembly (KJJA) will hold a celebration and thanksgiving for the 175th Anniversary of the Church in Khasi and Jaintia Hills at Nongsawlia Church on 18-20 November
In another incident, a Mahindra Pick up ML10 B 5429 collided with another vehicle at Umran Niangbyrnai, Ri Bhoi District.
B.QUALAPATTY UNITB.Nikhla-Genl.
The Seng Bhalang said that although they have already sent a letter to the Prime Minister and have held many protests, the authorities do not believe them.
The time will come when we will be able to reduce this evil.
U Bah Bnein Bareh, who was the first Non-Official Chairman of the Shillong Municipal Board in the 1960s.
The residents said that the city of Jowai has become increasingly crowded and the roads are full of vehicles and this has made it difficult for them to walk when the footpaths are full of vendors.
“I have done only a small part of the missionary work to preach the message of God,” replied the Missionary.
But now it has completely changed this work.
Jumonki Phawa scored the second goal in the 5th minute and Bahduh Phawa in the 44th minute.
Besides, there was also a ceremony for the CM by the Muster Roll Association for the increase in salary and honorarium.
“I have told him to change his mind and we will allow him to continue as CEM but he has not listened to this. according to the rules of the party,” said the Prime Minister.
The emergence of the VPP is not for politics but for policies.
New Delhi, July 07: Congress President Mallikarjun Kharge has approved the proposal to appoint Parliament Constituency Wise Coordinators in the states in preparation for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections. different countries.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 510 active cases in the state.
The Indian Air Force (IAF) has been the first to provide humanitarian assistance and disaster relief (HADR) in India.
The petition was submitted to the Executive Committee by the Joint Action Committee of the Hima Sohra, the Headmen, Sohra, Riew Rangbah and the children of the Hima Sohra.
It is also learned that some foreigners have tried to register as citizens of the state in this campaign, with the intention of escaping the Trade Act of KHADC. The Enforcement Wing of KHADC has issued a Show Cause Notice against these foreign shops which do not have proper documents and ask them to respond within 10 or 15 days. Trading License from the KHADC within these days, otherwise, they will have to act according to the rules of law.
Of the 40 injured students, 14 were sent to the Regional Institute of Medical Science in Imphal, while 26 others were sent to the Raj Medicity Hospital in Imphal.
They are the ones who know how to deceive the people only during elections.
Speaking on the occasion, Ms Lyngwa said that there are four keys to success in education, the first is prayer, which they should pray every day, whether you are strong or weak, you will succeed. victory, secondly morality, thirdly will power and fourth is hard work.
Shillong: Following the tragic incident of death of infants in Pamphyrnai village due to the blocking of the ambulance by the Rawon Nongkhwai, and the cancellation of the notice by the KHA DC, Regarding the fishing competition, the KHADC said that it will discuss with the Fisheries Department.
On the other hand, the men who lifted 210 kg were Hesmanwell L. Marshillong, Thrangbok Shangdiar and Freebornstar Shylla.
Shillong, July 13: Hundreds of leading leaders of the HSPDP from Sohiong constituency including the People's Democratic Front (PDF) have joined the United Democratic Party (UDP). Party (UDP) on the 12th of this month at a meeting held at Kor Square, Sohiong.
Other speakers included Lyntiborn Marngar, Team Lead Grassroot, CR Sangma EAC, Utpal, DDM, NABARD, Mayfereen Ryntathiang, President Grassroot, Brother Quirinus, Director Don Bosco Tech and Eulina Syiemiong, Grassroot Administrator, welcomed the guests.
CJM B Joshi has issued an order that all documents related to the jyrsieh sia lieh should be handed over to the police.
If you truly remain in the faith which is firmly established and steadfast, you will not be shaken from that hope of the Gospel which you have heard which has been preached to all men under heaven.
Bernard urged the police to accept the FIR and arrest those involved in the collapse of the stadium.
This shop has been destroyed without a single item.
The total amount of money collected from the license fee is T.2,17,8
A government school in Jowai, West Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya has been arrested for singing a song by a political party on the occasion of Teachers' Day. 5 November.
Questions like: On what basis do different political parties stand? What is the social, economic, and religious beliefs of these organizations? In your state, 'Why is the Congress here? 'What is the central ideology of the BJP?' 'What is the belief of the NPP?' 'What are the foundations of the UDP and other ethnic parties?' desertion? These and other questions should be discussed in schools and especially in colleges.
Literature was pioneered by Thomas Jones, a Christian who invented Roman characters to write and read the Khasi language.
What struggle do we as a nation face these days? Is it a corruption? Do you have a job? Is your judgment unclean? Do you live in your own country? Or is it something else? These are the questions we think about and ask ourselves from time to time.
At present, the works in progress include a Conference Hall for meetings, a restaurant and 40 small guest houses for international tourists.
Surprisingly, those officials who had investigated the corruption of some of the MDCs who were in office, once they submitted their report, were immediately dismissed.
He gave an example of a young man who applied for a permit to transport cattle from the DTO office, but was treated unfairly until he applied for a letter from Dr Jemino Mawthoh MLA. “It's not like the officers who should have helped did that,” said Paul.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bahram Einollahi, who was also present in the area, said that all the medical equipment, including Ambulance Buses and specially trained doctors have been sent to the hospital. Helicopter crash site to rescue injured.
One of his urged the youth not to be afraid after the training but to turn forward because the opportunity will open even if it is small or large in income, he urged. to be patient, for out of a little water a great sea is made.
The committee will be able to review the appointment allocation along with the previously submitted assignments which have to be completed within 12 months.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, today launched a food testing vehicle worth T.34 lakh at the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. you are in Laitumkhrah.
He said that his journey to carry daju was not forced by anyone.
“In 2018, we will contest in all 24 constituencies in Garo Hills and now we are preparing to go to every place to develop and expand the BJP party,” said Bah Shibun.
On 21st Feb 2020, the JHADC together with the Managing Committee elected by Amwi Ar Lyngdoh auctioned the Jarain Market again with the consent of all the Waheh Shnongs including Kliarbha Sana, Waheh Shnong of Jarain. Village.
Irene, Nini and many other women have appealed to the people to remember this incident which they said is an unprecedented incident in this Khasi country.
However, the order was challenged by the Meghalaya High Court through a writ petition (No.293 of 2019).
In his appeal to the youth, he said that there is nothing difficult if the will and goal is strong.
At the same time, Bah PT Sawkmie urged those who have supported the NPP candidate to turn around and come and join hands with those who will win him as the UDP candidate. Speeches were also delivered by Homer Kharkongor, President of UDP Mawlai, Wanseng Jyrwa, Working President of UDP Mawlai, Bah P Jyrwa and others.
Nongpoh: U Arpit Upadhaya, Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, today informed the public that the Pung Umiam River has risen and is almost full. The Pung will rise suddenly, in order to maintain the safety of the Pung.
They also met with the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganthan today to express their grievances.
Three cases in Ribhoi, 43 in South West Khasi Hills, 23 in Marshillong, four in Mawlyngat and 11 in Nonghyllam.
After receiving the shop license and approval, the Syiem said that Sujit Singh Saha, whose shop was closed on 29th July 2014, because he did not have a trading license. He applied for a license with the permission of the KHADC and changed the license to the name of a foreigner who has a license known as Purma Bahadur Tamang.
“There will be no impact on the five MLAs if the AICC decides anyway, where we five MLAs have already decided to go to a place where they cannot be elected. “If they don't accept this, we are in a position where we can't accept what they want from the party leaders”.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Hills District today issued a quit notice to the Sub Divisional Officer, JU Kharpuri. for the purpose of expelling foreign trucks illegally operating in War Jaintia within a day.
Wellmanson Passahiong of Ummulong Sports Club was named Man of the Match.
The room as a son and I have to look after it as if it were the right thing to do.
Dr Paul said this at a meeting of elders from Laitkroh constituency led by MDC Bah Carmel Sohtun who requested the Governor to stop passing the Bill.
We must share the message of joy and be determined to stand firm in righteousness and truth.
The road was cleared at 5 pm this evening.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, has arrived in Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills District to campaign for the two council elections to be held on the 27th of this month.
The reason for this illegal practice is that the price of sugar in Bangladesh is T.100 per kilo or more.
The statement said that the Wah Lukha will never be clean if these companies continue to dump garbage.
Before the tree planting ceremony, a small meeting was held and the meeting was conducted by Mr. Hamran Shylla President Mukhla Dorbar Pyllun. Batskhem Sana, Officer, Social Forestry Department, Jowai Division.
Before the bill was passed in the State Legislative Assembly, Pala had written a letter to Sonia Gandhi requesting her not to allow the state government to pass the bill. for.
The Sordars of these villages, while talking to this reporter in Langpih, said that in the past years, government officers in charge of agriculture, have visited these villages where the people have They are happy and hopeful that they will receive assistance from the government in the field of agriculture, but until now they have not received any assistance.
Shillong, Naitung 6: The Seng Samla Shnong Umkiang, has to pay thousands of tyngka for the cleaning of electricity line in Umkiang area, every time due to negligence and inaction. MeECL has not cleaned the line, as the electric signs have been run from the forest along the road from Lumshnong to Malidor.
Another government will consider setting a quota for those candidates who are over age in the recruitment process as it has set a quota for those with disabilities.
Speaking at the Wangala Festival at Asanang Square where he took part in the 100 ksing Wangala festival which ended on Saturday in Tura, he said, “Agriculture is the culture of jngi and the way of life. “This dance is our culture to thank God for blessing us,” he said, adding that those who organize this dance are proud to open the platform for the Garo people to preserve their identity. roots to show to the world.
This has resulted in an estimate of the length of the crematoria discovered and mapped in Meghalaya since the beginning of the discovery and exploration of the crematoria according to the current era since 551 km.
Bah Hek was honored with this award as an outstanding Minister and tireless public servant for the 25 years he has been the Leader of Pynthorumkhrah Constituency. he left for the state and the whole country.
Jesus sees their hypocrisy their ambition.
The Minister also praised the department for the availability of skilled workers as none of the works whether bridges, fences or wells have collapsed or collapsed in the recent heavy rains.
Other film stars who have been named in the list include Akshay Kumar, Shah Rukh Khan, Amitabh Bachchan and Hrithik Roshan.
The Minister said that when the present government came to power in three years, there were about 3,500 out of 20,000 government schools which had no teachers or only one teacher. .
The restoration of the land of Israel in 1948 AD was not an accident, but because God gave it back to them after the 1875 destruction.
You know the politicians, they are the ones who live only for themselves.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Liewrose Lyngkhoi and before awarding the Rangbah Kur, a speech was delivered by Bah Ospiar Lyngkhoi who reminded that the demand for a full state has begun. since the 1960s.
Shanlang Thubru alone scored the two goals in the 58th and 70th minutes.
In West Jaintia Hills, the political parties fielding candidates have been defeated by the VPP in Round 6 of the polling.
If it is not so why is there land grabbing? Doesn't he have the right to demand that? Besides the rulers, there are many people who are rich.
In Meghalaya, the NPP has won 22 seats, the TMC 11 seats, the BJP 9 seats, the UDP 8 seats and the Congress 6 seats.
One of the teachers said that some teachers punish the students if they don't carry the books, but when the books are not available in the market shops why do the teachers punish the children?
Those who wish to participate can visit the Facebook page of the Meghalaya Football Association to find the link to the Google Form to register.
Earlier, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah also met with the Farmer's Cell of East Khasi Hills led by Bah kynsing Lyngshiang who explained many of the problems faced by the farmers since the government banned fertilizers. medicine in 2014.
If we don't help and guide our brothers and sisters, it will be a disaster and it will put a lot of trouble on the country and the nation, we will lose the youth who will lead, lead and protect the country. and our future.
Modern Pentathlon follows in the footsteps of Fencing, Table Tennis, Taekwondo and Triathlon which have all approved and accepted the return of athletes from these two sports.
Kerley started his season last month with a comfortable victory in the 200m at the Maurice Plant Meet in Melbourne.
The distinction between the Pnars and not the Khasi...is just a misunderstanding, and a lack of understanding.
“I am not afraid of the devil but I should not sin,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang, 05: U Congress Leader Vincent H. Pala on Tuesday said that the BJP should think twice before bringing in the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the Minister of Home Affairs. Amit Shah's campaign for the upcoming elections in the state to be held on 27th June,
Sidamon Kurbah, Headmistress, Wahrit Govt.
The JTTA has sought clarification from the DC West Jaintia Hills and the DC said that there is no permission given by the district authorities to these foreigners to sell clothes to the villages.
Don't be afraid to go to Nongpoh Casino.
According to sources, the Chief Minister has promised to provide assistance to this composer so that he can improve and enrich his work, which is in the creation of songs and album releases.
In the category of Miss Mawkyrwat, Miss Ibadapynhun Lyngkhoi, Emily Lyngdoh came second and Amanda Kurbah came third.
JOWAI: Jowai Christian Endeavor Society, Jowai Presbyterian Church Jowai has distributed garbage cans to two villages in Jowai as part of the celebration of the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
Speaking to reporters after the opening of the dorbar, KHNAM MDC Bah Adelbet Nongrum said that he himself had to withdraw his decision to withdraw his support from the PDF. The Executive Committee of the PDF was led by Bah Pynshngain N Syiem.
“I want to assure the House that the Chairman of the Commission will be appointed soon,” he said.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, on Tuesday said that the District Council will seek clarification from the State Government on the issue. No Objection Certificate (NOC) for construction of railway line in Ri-Bhoi District.
It is learned that the Dolloi has already been requested to assist in the encroachment of the farm, but the Rangbah Shnong has refused to arrange it because he wants to take over the farm.
Nongpoh, March 02: As part of the celebration of the 154th Birth Anniversary of the Father of the Nation, Mahatma Gandhi and also to bring a clean environment in the village, the village of Nongthymmai under the Raid Madan Kyrdem, Ri Bhoi District today opened a Public Toilet and at the same time today also conducted a cleanliness drive in the village to bring about a clean environment in the village. .
These works have been awarded to CCL International Pvt Ltd.
The Word of God says, “But they that will be rich fall into temptation and a snare, and into many foolish and hurtful lusts, which drown men in destruction and perdition.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the state government has increased the price of RAT to T 500 per test. The RT PCR will now cost T 1000, the TrueNAT will cost T1500 and the CBNAAT test will cost T
The group has decided to give the state government within 10 days to implement this demand and therefore they will not refuse to take to the streets to hold a mass protest, as this is not the first time. He said that even now, the people from all over the districts who wanted to attend the meeting have been blocked by 6 or 7 vehicles. They were arrested in Mawrangkneng and Lad Umroi.
More details will be followed up later.
In our State where many residents do not have Aadhaar, even I don't have Aadhaar,” she said. Our state has no limits.
Through this Lok Adalak, all those cases which have been settled have been resolved without any further investigation.
Therefore, in the midst of this incident, let us celebrate Seng Kutsnem in our own homes, in our own villages, no public gatherings, no public gatherings, let us follow the rules and regulations issued by the government.
Shillong, July 01: Two persons including the driver and the passenger of a Super Cary Pick-up Truck (ML05T-8200) have been arrested by the Madanryting Police Station. They violated the rules of driving and hit a Police Home Guard Volunteer who tried to stop them.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 11: While holding a football tournament to raise funds to support many needs within the Mawdem Presbytery, the religious leaders of the Mawdem Presbytery have expressed many needs before the MP of Shillong, u Vincent Pala while taking part as the chief guest at the football match held at the Western Ri Bhoi Dorbar Ground in Patharkhmah.
During the programme, a briefing on the Covid-19 situation in the State was also given by doctors from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The other two tribes (Benjamin, Judah) were ruled by Rehoboam in their kingdom of Judah, in the years 930-913 B.C. Jerusalem was their capital.
They also showed pictures of the species of animals in the Narpuh Forest and other forests in Meghalaya. (camera), there are also endangered species that need to be preserved.
“All those who have tested positive should isolate themselves in institutional isolation facilities in collaboration with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. the state.
Therefore, many diseases appear.
“Bah Dohling also extended his best wishes to the Association for continuing to carry out its good work and for contributing to the region as a whole.
According to a statement issued by the Lok Sabha Secretariat on Tuesday, on the 18th of November, there will be a discussion on the 75th Anniversary of Parliament.
Another part is that we don't know how to take care of the environment and this also affects the water and rivers in this world.
Police said that after the examination, he will be taken back to the police station.
After his arrest, he said police raided his residence at Cantonment Board quarter in Jhalupara and seized many items and documents.
It is also prohibited to put up flags and stickers on private vehicles, except if the owners of the vehicles wish to do so, but it should not cause any disturbance to the passengers. , also prohibited to put stickers, flags on commercial vehicles and only those vehicles used for election campaigning purposes which have obtained permission from the office of the District Election Officer or the Returning Officer and must put the permit on the wind shield.
In order to more accurately regulate the affairs of the riti and to avoid any reasons that could be taken advantage of by anyone, the chiefs, chiefs, priests, sordars, the judges and the elders.
However, the school has produced many students who have passed the MBoSE examination, including those who have passed the top 20 in the SSLC examination and also students who have scored 100 marks in the MBoSE examination. 100 in Mathematics.
The fire broke out on the morning of 10th November, in which the fire destroyed all the belongings inside the house and caused a huge loss of life. the owners of the building.
Also make sure you avoid giving kids caffeine in any form of food or drink.
There are many ways to call the Khasi such as Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War and so on. or geographical name called according to the place where the Khasi live.
After sitting for about an hour, Santa's son was brought back.
According to the students who came to work in Bangalore, the training they received did not match the job they were doing in the city and therefore they had to work in other jobs, which were not suitable.
Earlier, the Sengbhalang said that they are preparing their demands from the government for the meeting and they said that they have already considered the various laws which the government has passed up to tylli that they read carefully.
The Minister said that there is no rule or requirement to recognize any language in the Fifth Schedule.
Therefore, the Government of Meghalaya together with the Minister of Transport, should take immediate measures to resolve this issue immediately, and the Government should not force the residents of Mawlai to take to the streets, said the statement. Mr. Biam, President, Mawlai Pyllun Youth Association and Mr. SS Syiem, General Secretary, Mawlai Pyllun Youth Association.
Kerala has 42,464 cases and 63 deaths per day.
“However, we are disappointed that the applicants from other Centres, have been allowed to choose their own examination centres, namely Shillong, Guwahati and New Delhi,” said the KSU. Many of the applicants have chosen Shillong as the first examination center and Guwahati as the second examination centre. as an examination centre.
Manchester City beat Manchester United 3-1 in the English Premier League on Saturday.
At the time of the opening of the coffin, there was a clash between the police and the relatives of the policeman, Agnes Kharshing, who was present with the coffin. The police did not allow the family members to turn to the place where the coffin was and watch the post mortem.
Nongpoh, June 11: To continue to provide services to the youth and also to promote the sport of basketball in Ri Bhoi District for the benefit of the youth, the Ri Bhoi District Basketball Association (RBDBA) has announced that it will continue to provide services to the youth. The Association on the 8th of this month has re-elected the full leadership of the Association at a meeting held at the District Sport Office. In order to strengthen the Association to do more for the benefit of the youth in the field of basketball, with the participation of all the leaders, the Association has been renewed. The Ri Bhoi District Basketball Association (RIBA) has announced that it will launch a new Basketball Association.
He is pleased to see that the Sports Clubs and associations when they organize such tournaments are a source of inspiration and salvation for the sport of football in their country which is also a gift. Encourage many children who need support.
The KSU has expressed its surprise how these foreigners can enter Jowai without proper documents during the curfew to fight against COVID-1 Shillong is not on the road.
Argentina, the South American team, will take the lead in the match.
Sherita said that her daughter, Samla Irikmen, took part in the competition after she won the bronze medal in Hyderabad last month.
According to the order, only small vehicles weighing less than 3 tonnes are allowed to pass through the Lumshnong road. If you are in a hurry or to deliver urgently needed goods, you are ordered to use another road, or you can send them back by other vehicles, because heavy vehicles will no longer be allowed to pass. until the repair or construction of the road is completed.
Niawkorlang Kyndiah scored another goal from the penalty spot in the 48th minute and Donboklang scored another goal in the 57th minute.
Police of Nongpoh PS, after seizing the drugs, threw them on the ground.
How can the people respond to the MDA government in the MLA election 2023 because its employees have been complaining about the lack of salary and arear especially the teachers who have to wait for their salaries by three to five? or six months.
Biden is a regular Mass attendee, where he attends every Sunday at St. Joseph's in Brandywine, which is also near the church, where there is a cemetery for the mothers. his father, son, who died in 2015, his first wife, Neilia and daughter, Naomi, who died in a car accident in 1972, at that Neilia and her three children went to buy a Christmas tree.
I also agree that here in Meghalaya there are more Christians and many times we say that we are a Christian state.
Dr. S. Ashutosh, Additional PCCF and Deputy CEO of MBDA, said that Meghalaya is not only rich in food but also rich in medical knowledge.
The District Magistrate East Khasi Hills has issued an order under Section 144 CrPC prohibiting the illegal mining of shyiap especially from the quarries in the sharing hills and from the rivers in different parts of the state. the district.
However, since I have returned to my hometown in Mawkyrwat, where there is no VPP or KAM candidate, I have to put secularism first.
“There is no decision on the show cause notice sent to these police officers and no punishment has been taken against them by the relevant authorities,” said Justice (Rtd) Brojendra Prasad. Katakey in his latest report sent to the High Court on 22nd November
Regarding this incident, the government has also directed the Block Development Officer, Thadlaskein C&RD Block to look into any urgent needs.
This also affects other ethnic groups who supply large quantities of goods to the Garo people who operate as wholesalers and retailers.
The Dorbar Shnong has urged all the candidates to respect these rules of the village for the good of the village.
In June 1995, through Prof. GG Swell, MP (R Sabha), the JT Committee of MTODA, JTOA and W/K Hills Coal Miners Association were able to meet with Minister J Tytler, who promised that after 1000 million (Dollars) as a loan from ADB, they will release the funds to upgrade and expand the NH Way Meghalaya to 3 lane or 4 lane road. scheme Shillong By Pass.
Furthermore, the sneg strongly condemns the statement of the Chief Minister of Assam which is completely wrong and shows that he does not want anything for the forest of the residents of Mukroh and also for the village as a whole.
He alleged that hundreds of his chickens have died since the wastewater of the hospital flowed into his chicken pens from the collapse of the well of the hospital.
She said that the rithor party doesn't have time to look after the problems of the people even if they elect a paradoh parasnam because they have to obey their own rithor party and should elect an MP from an independent riewlum party. who speaks without any influence or influence from others.
It is to be recalled that the KHADC on 25th July 2018 passed the Khasi Social Customs Second Amendment Bill
Disinfectant has also been sprayed in some places in the village.
The fire in Chawkbazar was caused by a lightning bolt and spread around the building, which contained drugs.
On the mid-term elections in Shella constituency, he said the NPP has not said anything and as the president of the party he does not feel it should be said because it has to respect the voice of various departments.
The Shillong Cricket Association ( Shillong Cricket Association ) has beaten Matri Sangha SC by 9 runs in the first division of the Shillong Cricket Association ( Shillong Cricket Association ) 2022-2 Tuesday at the Polo field.
The MPUF leaders said that initially when they met with the Director of Higher and Technical Education regarding the suspension of food allowance, the Director said that it cannot be released. There are banks that do not have Core Banking except for those who have accounts in State Bank, but when the union inquired from various banks, it found that there are only three banks. Banks do not have Core Banking, but other banks do.
Earlier, John pointed to the crowds across the Jordan, saying, “Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world” (John 1:29).
He said he went to Mukroh and met with the families of the victims.
On the big companies side, we have seen how Anil Ambani's company, Reliance Infrastructure, has filed a lawsuit against several journalists after they asked many questions about his company's involvement in the Rafale deal.
Shillong: The deceased were identified as Dwissibon Malngiang, 61, of Mawngap, EK Hills and Marcus Omerald Japan, 55, of Happy Valley, Shillong.
At the same time, the Minister said that in the year 2019-20, the government has allocated T.34,39,150 lakh for the assistance of 64 Sports Associations.
At the same time, he encouraged the Basket Hound Club Mawkyrwat to hold more such tournaments in the district.
“I spoke to Nadda on Thursday.
The MoU was signed to resolve six areas where there is uncertainty on the boundary and these are Tarabari (4.69 sq km), Gizang (13.53 sq km), Hahim (3.51 sq km). sq km), Boklapara (1.57 sq km), Khanapara-Pilangkata (2.29 sq km) and Ratacherra (11.20 sq km).
He said there was no violence between the Assam and Meghalaya police and the matter was resolved by mutual understanding and Assam listened to the talks and they left the area.
The PHE has affected 135 households of Nongtalang Mission and they have had to fetch water for household use at a distance of 1-2 KM.
KS Suchiang, General Secretary, East Jaintia Hills and Phanuel Tongper, Vice President, Narpuh Circle, said that the suspects were arrested from Bangladesh. Members of the KSU Tongseng Narpuh Unit have immediately seized the vehicle at Tongseng.
During the meeting, Modi reportedly expressed to her his desire to serve the country and advised her to continue her studies.
Speaking to media, u Bah Rymbui said that the government today held a meeting with the school principals in the state regarding the increase in the number of cases. Covid and at this meeting, the principals of the colleges expressed their views to the government, regarding all the colleges agreed to continue as usual. .
We have faced many challenges, but in dealing with issues for the good of the country, we have turned first to our citizens,” Conrad said at an election campaign rally. The NPP candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency 1-Shillong Constituency on Monday held a rally at Jhalupra, Shillong.
I am still in the HSPDP,” said Bah Nongsiej.
There are many residents who do not have the names of the residents who have moved from one village to another and they too do not have proper certificates and they too will not be able to deposit money in the bank. .
“In the elections, sometimes the wind blows well now, tomorrow it changes,” said the Pastor.
Speaking to media, Kharjana said it is surprising that the education department of the state has decided to hold the examination selection in the 25 and 1, as the children of this year have been able to attend school for at least two months.
The SP said that after consultation with the district authorities and officials of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB), the meeting was postponed to another venue.
Tura, Jymmang 14 : The Garo Students Union (GSU) has demanded that the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) should create its own electoral roll and pass a law for the purpose of the customs and traditions of the Garo people.
At this dorbar synrai, which is now held, he had the opportunity to attend the dorbar for two days and after that, a serious illness struck him until he died.
Meghalaya has had 40 elections since 1972 and we have not yet experienced political parties that stand and operate according to their new ideology.
It is estimated that the attendance of the believers at the jubilee service reached more than 10 lakh.
At the same time, the newspaper said that every year, the resolution should be issued in the first month of July.
The reason for the Congress is that all the constituencies with its MLAs have been defeated by Conrad.
Have you ever gone on strike?
“This shortage has been filled by the distribution of electricity from the central agencies and others by the purchase of electricity from the electricity market, and this is the situation of the state which is facing a shortage of about 30%. ", he added.
He said the government has also allocated funds for many schools in the state to improve and improve from what they are now.
The family members of the two children in the Khyndailad case have been sentenced to life imprisonment.
In 2019, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, launched the MeghEA, which has been implemented by the Planning Department, Government of Meghalaya.
To escape imprisonment, the British offered Syiem Bor Manik to hand over the Raid Dumria (Desh Demoreah) to the British Government through the Soskular and to hand over the throne to Shan. Sing King.
These schools, in collaboration with the Sambandh Health Foundation, have been able to spread the message to many places, even to the rural areas.
In fact, Blake has been a judge for 12 years and last year he announced his intention to resign.
We also have to change our lifestyle by avoiding products that increase waste such as plastic.
The death toll has risen to 4,858 and the number of infections to 64,059, the Spanish health ministry said. percent, up from 18 percent yesterday.
He admitted that many people have applied for tickets from the party but have not received any tickets from the party.
A total of 610 people were arrested from 2022 to 2024.
Nongshken MDC Grace Mary Kharpuri will remain as EM after KHNAM Mawkhar MDC James Ban Basaiawmoit has decided to resign.
The 5th of November every year has become a special day across India since the second President of India, the late Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, who on one of his birthdays He said that it would have been better if instead of celebrating his birthday with any kind of festival, it would have been more honorable or privileged if the day was celebrated. His birthday will be celebrated across India as a Special Day Celebration for all teachers across India or what we know as “Teacher's Day”.
When inquired, the DGP said that there is also a group of taxi aggregators but she said that it does not fall under the jurisdiction of the department.
Shillong, July 9: U Conrad Sangma, Leader of the National People's Party (NPP) and former Leader of the Opposition, on Tuesday said that he is deeply concerned about the stagnation of the peace talks between the government and the two parties. Conrad said that there is no agreement in the peace talks on how the government will assist and how it will create opportunities for the members of these two rebel groups. to cease from the works of iniquity.
However, I am confident that the people of this country will work together to achieve Swachh and Swasth Bharat.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, was the chief guest and Bah James Ban Basaiawmoit, MDC was the chief guest.
The times were long, the times of grace.
The meeting was conducted by Bah.
The Lawbah bus was coming from Ryngku to Shillong when it fell into the 12 feet high river.
Shangpliang said that a team of lawyers headed by SP Mahanta has assisted the Committee by giving its opinion on the laws.
The Minister and Government Spokesperson, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the terms of reference of the Expert Committee will be to review the current Reservation Policy of the State and to give opinions on the Reservation Policy. If necessary, we will also hold consultations with all the various groups as well as visiting various parts of the State to seek the views of the people.
He said the district council has taken the decision to remove him without any information or clarification from him on any of the complaints. “If there are any complaints, I don't understand,” he said.
Thakuria can score a hat-trick if he plays well in the next match.
The rules are the same as last year for the other six areas that have already been resolved.
Punjabi University, Patialav (Asees Chhina, Sukhbir Singh Harika) 29 (139); 3.
On the other hand, Batskhem Lyngkhoi President of the Union of Senglongkmie Mawlangsu Area, said that the rally was to request the law enforcement authorities to prosecute the perpetrators. Because as it happens many times, when these robbers are arrested, they escape and get bail from the punishment. that it may happen more and more terribly because of the escape of such wicked people.
When asked about the issue of MUDA, Bah Pynshngaiñ said that those who want to build houses now have to show their permission when it is time to ring. water and electricity to their homes.
The statements of the leaders of the MDA government especially the ruling party in Meghalaya have surprised and upset not only the leaders of the Bhalang but the people of Khasi-Jaintia as a whole.
A total of 24 research papers were presented by Ph.D.
Deiwomsa Shylla scored the first goal for Sohmynting in the 15th minute.
The peace committee is headed by Luwin Marak as president, Rottal Sangma as secretary and members include Marjan Sangma, Lingbat Marak, Barminton Sangma and Kraison Marak.
Jowai, July 14: The World Blood Donors Day was celebrated in Jowai today under the theme 'A Drop of Blood can Save a Life'
The Supreme Court has fixed 9th June 2024 to hear the petitions to suspend the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) in the country.
Of course, there is a limit to protest and protest if the authorities introduce any laws that insult or enslave the nation or that put the nation in danger.
They can therefore be killed by burning small fires in the evening near the rice fields, when these insects come to lay eggs in the rice fields.
The meeting was led by its Chairman, Novembirth Ch Marak alias Chiindik in the presence of government officials including the Prime Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs at Tura Circuit House.
The Government has installed Aadhaar registration forms in all the offices of Deputy Commissioners, Sub-Divisions, and BDOs. has been received.
The child and the foreigner were taken to Nongstoin while the foreigner was taken to Nongstoin PS for trial under section 62 (6) 2015 u/s 363/ 109 ipc and later taken to court for further investigation.
After receiving a tip, police conducted a search operation and on receiving a tip that he was in Mir Jumla, Monabari, police rushed to the scene and arrested him. to u.
Nihim's remarks came after reports that the Prime Minister has now left for Songsak to contest the election from two constituencies including Ampati.
“The Commission will advise the state government especially the education department on issues related to schools and colleges, how to pay salaries to teachers, how to improve the quality of schools and colleges and to ensure that the education departments of the government should function properly without any interference”.
Therefore, the Seng demands that the Act and Rules should be repealed immediately, and the Chairman and Members of the Gaming Commission should be removed, so that public money will not be wasted to pay their salaries. and also to immediately revoke the 3 Licenses issued by the Government.
Another of them, Kni and Nia, wanted him to pass well.
The award was presented by Union Minister Ramdas Athawale at a ceremony held at the NDMC Auditorium, Jantar Mantar, New Delhi in the presence of dignitaries.
Indeed, it is the lack of understanding of the meaning of the NEP 2020 which has led the management of NEHU and the Government of Meghalaya to turn away from their responsibilities and to slow down in relation to the implementation of the NEP which also receives the consent and cooperation of the groups responsible for the implementation of the work.
There were four people inside the truck and no casualties were reported.
People feel that their faith practices are good by hating other races and religions.
Yogeshwar Dutt, Akhil Kumar, Zafar Iqbal, CWG champion Tejaswin Shankar and U-15 world champion Linthoi Chanambam opened the ceremony at the JLN Stadium.
The Constitution of India as a Federal Government divides the functions of the country into three forms: (1) the Union List, (2) the State List and (3) the Concurrent List. bor and 47 years old.
The death toll in Iran has risen to 2,378 with 144 new cases on Tuesday and 2,926 new cases, bringing the total number of cases in the country to 32,3
The lucky draw will be held on the 11th of March
However, if those votes are combined, they become many and can bring about a change in the political party.
Food and Drugs Administration Minister Sanjay Rathod made the announcement in the Assembly on Thursday while replying to a letter by BJP MLA Ashish Shelar and others. even.
Here, it has caused more and more problems to the teachers who have to breathe all day long the smoke from the toilets.
Nirmala Sitharahman said that if you go to states like Assam and Arunachal Pradesh, they will tell you that the people of Arunachal Pradesh are strong and India and China should flee immediately. minister of the Union Government.
He said that not everyone has experienced happiness in life and that is why we need as legislators and everyone to join hands to eradicate violence against children.
“For the problem faced by the society such as drug addiction, the village headmen are needed not only to eradicate drugs but also to set up health centers for those who are addicted. on drugs," the Prime Minister said.
The announcement ordered that the Act should be implemented within six months and no Wine Store shall be allowed to be set up within 50 meters of the main roads of Shillong and 100 meters. to other places.
“This hospital is fully equipped with doctors, nurses and all the necessities of this hospital will be provided by the health department,” said Bah Hek.
Earlier, a speech was delivered by the Vice President of the College, Kong C Pariat who said that it is a pleasure that the Khasi Department of the College has completed 50 years since its inception in
He said that in the opinion of the government there are two more suitable sites which are more rural and those are Mawtawar in Mawlai and one in Mawpat.
When asked whether the party has lost its chance, Gavin said, “We have been slow to support the Government.
Two boxers from Shangpung village who won gold medals in the Nepal Open International Kickboxing Championship 2019 held in Kathmandu, Nepal from 1-4 June 2019 were also honoured. They are Young Heimonmi SUCHIANG and Young Pynshrainmiki Rabon.
They include Ma Rikut N Parien of the Congress party from Saphai.
Fresh applications should be submitted online only through the website www.scholarships.
Furthermore, sources close to the incident said that the suspect was a man who still had a family relationship with the family of the 13-year-old girl. He also touched the child's hand until she was injured and she was taken to Ganesh Das Hospital Shillong for treatment.
In the last MLA elections, we heard a lot about the money laundering in many places although we know that a dark future awaits if we fall into the hands of money launderers.
Soon the prophecy about Bethlehem where Immanuel would come was fulfilled.
Starting from the 27th of March, only for the first 30 constituencies and up to 8 times, the remaining 264 constituencies will be elected gradually.
In the new rankings released by the ICC for ODIs, one of India's leading bowlers, Mohammed Siraj, has been suspended. He is ranked No. 1 in the world and has beaten Australia's Josh Hazlewood.
The Minister reiterated the mantra of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, which is “Seva with change” and said that the welfare of the poor is the goal of the government. year.
Shillong: Liewlong SC has won the title of the 1st Pomlakrai Football League 2020-21, organized by Pomlakrai SC in collaboration with GNYW&DO. Umïew SC beat Umïew SC 6-5 in the final on Saturday at Ummyrthong Stadium.
Also present on the occasion were Bah DSR Lakiang, Traffic In-Charge, Bah N Wahllang, OC Nongpoh Police Station, Rev. David Jamir, Director, Wisdom Rehabilitation Center, Umdihar, Rangbah Shnong and the Presidents and Secretaries of the Youth and Women's Associations of various Villages.
The leaders of these organizations said that the DC will send for an inspection of the shop and they immediately closed down the shop.
The enrollment of SC students in grades 9-10 was 83% in 2019-20; 84.8% in 2020-21 and 84.9% in 2021-2
Robertjune Kharjarin, today strongly criticized the Congress MLA from Assam, Kamalakhya Dey Purkayastha, in writing to the Chief Minister to think twice about the issue. the implementation of the ILP in the state.
Be sure to also reduce the number of rugs in your home.
He also told a short story that 500 years ago there was no Ram Mandir but a mosque was built on it by the Mughal kings.
It was in the 1970s that the Government of India used the PDS as a scheme to distribute food items at below market prices to the poor and low-income.
It is mostly used to collect niut nier after it has been lur with a lyngkor, or to cover the seeds planted by broad-cast, or to cover the seeds planted by broad-cast. They shall not cover the ground about ten inches, nor shall they cover the ground with a lyngkor.
AAY rice will be distributed 35 kilos per household free of charge, PHH rice will be distributed 5 kilos per month free of charge, while Non-NFSA rice will be distributed 7.215 kilos per month. The price of rice shall not exceed 12.00/- per kilo and the price of rice shall not exceed 14.00/- per kilo.
Police also seized two mobile phones, 2500 tyngka and a Tata Winger.
It is to be recalled that the KHADC has tried to hold the festival again, but it has been suspended since the outbreak of Covid-19 and until now there has been no discussion.
On the other hand, the Minister acknowledged the suggestion of Bah Lapang to strengthen the work of MeECL and to do whatever can be done as soon as possible.
The meeting was also attended by students of SSA UP School and Presbyterian UP School Iongnoh, parents of the students and the elders of the village.
There will be awareness programmes, outreach programmes, camps and house to house visits in villages, blocks and districts where community members will provide information on healthy food.
It is on this basis that he and his brother will not be able to file a complaint and if they do not listen they will not be able to go to court against them.
The tournament was organized by Umkor Urksew Pynursla Sports Club (UUP SC) which is one of the oldest clubs in the Riwar Mihngi Pynursla area and has its headquarters in Pynursla.
Bah Kyrmen Shylla said that he believes that the UPD in the coming days will be at the forefront of the state, and at that time it will be a blessing and benefit to the people especially those who love and trust the party. .
Speaking to Kong Warjri on this issue, Dr. War said, “Just talking about what you have inherited from others doesn't help.
“If only the government had implemented the policy which I prepared during my tenure in 2012,” said Bah Lanong. “All these things have gone smoothly,” he said, referring to how many residents have been affected by the NGT's closure of the NGT dam to mine and trade coal in the state just because of the mining of coal.
Bah Phyrnai Marbaning, one of the composers, said, “Margaret is the most famous person in this area.
However, the Supreme Court after hearing the case upheld the decision of the High Court.
He said that in 10 or 15 years of leadership, the people will ask what you have done.
The whole world is experiencing various phenomena due to increase in temperature.
Nongpoh, July 30: To continue the campaign against TB in Ri Bhoi District, the District Tuberculosis Officer Ri Bhoi District today held a meeting with the elders. The village was part of the training on how to take measures to eradicate TB which is one of the most common diseases and can be cured if you take proper medicines as prescribed by doctors.
The mother concluded her speech by saying that she could no longer stop the tears from flowing in her heart. In her speech, she strongly criticized the police who shot dead her son. .
Risa Colony scored another goal in the second half through Perterson Lamare in the 61st minute to give the team the victory.
The training will be held in the first month of July
I can't write quickly, so I have to spend all day typing on my mobile phone this appeal to my beloved nation: Take care, protect yourself from this COVID
Gurjar said there are 2.68 crore people with disabilities in the country according to the 2011 census but only 49 per cent have received a disability certificate (DC).
Recently, the Meghalaya government, despite the opposition of many churches in the state, has moved quickly to appoint MS Rao as the new Chief Secretary of the state.
According to reports on social media, Sakshi and Bajrang have not withdrawn from the protest and will continue until they get justice.
Thus, people have turned away from human rule, the world itself has now become weak and corrupt because governments are no longer peaceful and just.
According to Bah Lanong, the party wants to have a ban on each party in the Council.
Speaking at the function, the Principal of the College, Sister (Dr) Mary Hariet congratulated the students and teachers who have been selected for this award which is one of the ways to tell or to show many of the challenges and struggles that the state has faced in the last 50 years without forgetting the development works that have gone hand in hand.
The union also expressed its gratitude to all those who have joined hands to clean up the river.
“Another 99 Smart Cities have been selected between 2016 and July,
He said that the new Government also needs to upgrade the Mawsynram C&RD Block to a Civil Sub-Division as it is one of the oldest C&RD Block since its inception in 1962 with more than 160 residents. three villages.
He added that he did not expect this incident as it was a minor incident on the road but after the heat and crowd, it led to this incident.
I don't know how to spell.
The District Council has been in existence for more than 60 years but until today, there has been no improvement in the working methods especially in terms of appointment.
These are the things that Jesus said about Israel that have happened and have already happened.
Young people who are eager to improve their protest programmes, because they don't have the skills to do anything else but protest.
“I don't have time anymore because they wondered why I was late...” she stood up quickly and took a stick of kwai to cut kwai.
It is to be recalled that the Navy found the body inside one of the caves 210 feet from the bottom of the cave and after pulling it with the rope for 100 feet it was found that the body had been The Navy troops have stopped and until today it has been decided to remove it.
Sanborlang Tang (12) and Teimiki Lyngdoh (29) scored the first goal for Maitchaphrang.
The road has collapsed and has put the people of Balat Ranikor border area in trouble.
On the BJP's nomination of candidates from Shillong and Tura, Dr Kharlukhi said the alliance in the MDA is post-election and not pre-election.
Kmie Rida said again, “Sit down, I'm out... Look carefully with your mother, my son.
In 2020, the 5 (five) judges shall request to review the 2004 decision of the High Court, which shall consist of 7 (nine) or more distinguished judges.
However, various political parties in Mizoram, including political parties, religious groups, have expressed their opposition because it is on Sunday and urged to postpone the day. Come vote.
Therefore, it is necessary to set a cut off year from 1952 when the KHADC was established to implement the Second Amendment Bill
“GVK is not the youngest child of the government and should take responsibility and the government cannot hold hands that they are not employees because it is the employer, it has the right to fight,” said the president of the KSU. He said that if foreigners come to do any work here, it is not expected that they will come to serve but there is something to gain.
In addition, Bah Kyrmen Shylla as the Minister in charge of Revenue has allowed non-Khasis but wealthy people to buy revenue land near the office of the Minister of Revenue. Why doesn't anyone question these activities which affect the income of the state and which destroy the livelihood of the poor? Hundreds of trucks carrying coal have been allowed to pass through the area every day.
Please don't force us to do this because we want to think and fulfill our duty,” he said.
If a king or emperor was good and great in rulership, such as Marcus Aurelius, or Asoka, or Akbar, he received praise and fame for generations to come.
The riewdum who is happy.
There are religious leaders even in some Dorbar Shnongs which I believe many of our fellow countrymen know and see well which does not need to be written here.
Doctors at Lady Hardinge Medical College and Hospital, RML Hospital, Sanjay Gandhi Memorial Hospital and DDU Hospital, went on strike today.
“There is one part to proceed with the mining if this rule is followed and that is that the KHADC has one part to issue NoC in Non Forest Land or in areas without forest and The license fee is T.1010 to be paid to the Council,” said the Dy.CEM. The youngsters, Alia Bhatt and Ranbir Kapoor, were very excited. many, that they may be married soon in the days to come.
Shillong: The 2nd MLA Cup Football Tournament 2018 of the 13th Mawryngkneng Constituency will be held on Saturday.
Helen Clark is the Chair of the PMNCH Board and former Prime Minister of New Zealand.
If the language “Sohra” which has been improved by collecting the languages ​​of different villages and regions to express to the world that language “Khasi” has not succeeded, then think of the Apot sepsngi of the Jaitbynriew shitroh. which is divided into two parts because of the differences in the language of the village and the language of the region! Thank you very much to those thinkers who have used their intelligence properly.
The IV UUP Invitation Football Tournament 2023 has been held on the ninth day of the Pynursla Football Tournament 2023 today. The tournament was organized by the Umkor Urksew Pynursla Sports Club (UUP SC) which is one of the oldest clubs in the Riwar Mihngi Pynursla area and has its headquarters in Pynursla.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 27: In the fight against alcoholic beverages and other intoxicants which affect the health of the people, the office of the District Medical & Health Officer of Ri Bhoi District together with the District Administration of Ri Bhoi District has launched a campaign against alcoholic beverages. The Word Tobacco Day was held at the Iewmawlong Market in Nongpoh today.
K. Thabah, Bhidayak Das and Raju Thingbaijam,” said Mr. Robinson.
“After we have selected the company to take over, the discussions will be on the terms of the takeover to run the dewbilat company of the State Government,” he said.
Sohblei Sngi Lyngdoh is one of the most prominent religious leaders in the field of promoting Khasi science, culture and literature in the special announcement made by the Riti Academy and its fellow members.
“This thoughtless prank raises questions about the intelligence and dignity of this candidate and his party, and it is the people who will decide,” said the KJCLF leader. all those involved in this election to refrain from such actions or speeches, from thanksgiving and from violence.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the president of the party, Bah Andrias Nongkynrih, said that the party strongly opposes the appointment of such a person as Chowkidar, as he is a foreigner.
The source said that the police, who were riding in a bulletproof truck number ML02-0756, were on their way, when they reached Nengkhra, suddenly a bomb exploded. Superintendent of Police, East Garo Hills JFK Marak said that the fire broke out at a distance of 2-3 kilometres.
The FKJGP Mawlai has demanded the removal of the Marten from Mawlai and wants the government to find another garbage dump and to clean up the Marten.
Police also seized T.4,550 cash and identity cards including EPIC, AADHAR and Driving License.
At the same time, the HYC urges the doctor to take action regarding the working hours of the staff of this hospital so that it will not affect the people of War East who need the facilities. treatment and in order to avoid any inconveniences to the general public.
This is the highest grossing, at the box office of a hindi film, in the first week.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Herman Dohtdong, said that the village has tried its best to help after receiving a tip from the owner of the house. this place to put out the fire.2 Chronicles 20:1
The use of face masks has disappeared in the area and people don't even think about washing their hands properly and keeping a distance from others.
As the search for Khalistan supporter Amritpal Singh continues, Gurpatwan Singh Pannu of the Sikh For Justice (SFJ) has sent a threatening message against the Prime Minister of Khalistan. Assam's Himanta Biswa Sarma.
On seeing the incident, the patrol troops rushed to the scene and took them to the MI Room of the Center where the Regimental Medical Officer took them to the MI Room. to spain the wounded.
The award is a symbol of recognition for the contribution of the drivers in their service to the people of the Ri-War Mihngi and the award is also known as the Syrnot of Recognition. it’s for the most steady-handed drivers in driving.
The Senior Muktiar and Leader of the State, Bah VGK Kynta on Tuesday urged the State Government to amend Clause-D of the Office. Memorandum (OM) stating that the Reservation Roster should be implemented from
He also criticized the Dorbar Shnongs for allowing these shops to open freely without proper documents and also condemned some of the Khasi who came to protect those who did not. They are Khasi who open shops illegally without proper documents.
Thangkhiew has filed a petition under Article 32 of the Constitution, which shows the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya. the complainant and the income of her family.
The letter sent by the opposition to the Governor also said that even if a member of the House resigns from his post, the Constitution under Article 190(3) the Lamphang shall reject the resignation letter if the investigation finds that he has been forced to resign.
“We have seen that sad incident and also on the cancellation of the Notification by the Government, through the Governor, of the KHADC Fishing Competition, and in fact this notification was issued as an Executive Order by the “The KHADC and the EC in the past have had the intention to discuss, but without having time to think carefully, they have been dissolved,” said the Deputy CEM. The EC is in the process of introducing a new amendment to the Fisheries Act of KHADC and once completed it will be submitted to the EC for approval.
Through this fifth contribution, the farmers save and support all the shopkeepers in the markets or villages.
Although no one knows what happened to Rida; but the sorrow came upon her, and made her very sick.
“We must remember that there are concerns especially in Garo Hills.
He said that the price of textbooks should not increase and he has not received any exact information on this, but he said that the price of textbooks should not increase from the price set but if someone takes more price you should not file a complaint with the police.
“Their demand is excessive and there is no law to give them land at all and the government should not listen to their demand.
Regarding the news that Mr. Ramesh Dkhar has admitted to be from Tongseng Village East Jaintia Hills District, but through this we as the residents of Tongseng Village are surprised. East Jaintia Hills District has two Tongseng villages, one Tongseng (Narpuh) and one Tongseng. (Nongkhlieh) So that many churches know clearly, we would like to clarify here that there has never been such a person in our village since the beginning until now.
On the other hand, the District Council should set a goal to clean up the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi Rivers as these are the two rivers that flow from the heart of Shillong and are also the sight of the city.
He said that since morning, the vendors have been throwing their goods on the footpaths and causing trouble to the people who come and go every day.
India managed to stop Kosovo despite having good chances.
The Marwari was unable to get out of bed and was sitting on a specially built bed in his shop.
The explanations of those who attended the program included the Inter-District Crime Scene Investigation competition, other participants in West Jaintia Hills District which reached the top position, and the CID Unit which won the top prize. second place.
On the same day, the Seng Samla Umsning Patarim has also taken the opportunity to inform the youth especially those who are passing in various courses about the harmful effects of drugs which has affected the youth. Pastor David Jamir and Bah Kenneth Nongsiej OC Umsning PS have given a clear explanation to these youths that they should avoid These types of alcoholic beverages affect the health, the family and the society as a whole.
“It is the duty of the CM to fight against this issue because in the same year the residents of Jowai have been facing difficulties in terms of garbage disposal since Behdieñkhlam and Christmas and now during the New Year also in the markets and houses. "It's a good idea to have a clean slate," said Shallam.
The award was received by Ms. Isawanda Laloo, Secretary to the State Government and CEO of STEMS along with members of STEMS. These include Delhi, Lucknow, Srinagar, Bhubaneswar, Kochi and Jabalpur.
During the Census Duty of the Government of Meghalaya for all teachers in 2020, there were many problems inside the schools/colleges especially that many teachers were not allowed to go for the Duty Census.
Shri G.Singh Syiemlieh Villa Nongkdait NongtwahBPO NongnahPO Mawkyrwat 7931 West Khasi14South 793 West Khasi14South Hills.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, said that the purpose of inviting these officers to the meeting, was to discuss and discuss how to create the roads, how to to take action to reduce the production of polluted air in Byrnihat and which has become the most polluted area.
Deputy Commissioner West Khasi Hills, Education, PWD R&B, PHE and Bransly Rynshiang were also present on the occasion. , Sordar of Sangriang, Secretary Shnong, and Sordars of neighboring villages and residents of the area.
Ms. R.Pde Asst.Prof.Economics Department I gave a short talk on the importance of cleanliness and responsibility for personal health by cleaning the surroundings of the homes and school bags.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 31: To facilitate the public in relation to the cases in the District Council's courts, and to facilitate the public in coming and going to get the documents from Birth Certificate, the District Council today The District Council Court has been opened at the office of the KHADC in Nongpoh, Ri-Bhoi District.
“I have tried to bring peace, I have spoken to the President of the Seng Khasi Mylliem, I have not yet spoken to the village authorities of Madan ïng Syiem but I have spoken to the Union of Village Authorities. Mylliem how to bring peace and order in the village,” said Teilinia who expressed her sorrow to see such incidents.
In the last match, Khliehriat West FC beat Lumputhoi SC 3-1. For Khliehriat West, Jasmine Tlang 4', 10' and Silgrak Pala 43' scored the goals.
This happened at Machangpani village near Dalu, about 50 km from Tura.
In the second leg, FAM beat Mynthong 2-0, with Leikirang Suiam scoring in the 9th minute and Pynsngatnmiki Papang in the 10th minute. 54, which was enough for the team to win the tournament.
According to the arrested, they were residents of Baghmara and had smuggled the sugar from Baghmara.
When contacted, he said that nine years ago he lost his sight in both eyes and tried to find ways to support his life, but he could not. lap and canoe lad and try.
Surprisingly, these demanders turn only to Conrad Bapli, but they should turn to Donkupar Roy, UDP leader, Bah Hamlet Dohling, PDF leader and especially Ma Vincent Pala and the UDP leader. Wansuk Syiem, who are here recently, urged them to leave the Modi government (not to leave the House).
The lack of parking spaces in Nongpoh town has not only affected the residents, but also the Traffic Police who drive the vehicles.
“You're right.
Gino Sangma and Nantu Das took two wickets each.
If treated in this way, the soh can be stored for a longer period of time.
The union said that the discussion is sufficient as the Government has clarified that the Roster System will be implemented in the future and there will be no discrimination against any ethnic group.
Chandrashekhar Gaur, from Madhya Pradesh's Neemuch district, has sought information on the collection of money by PNB from its depositors in the past two years. Because you don't have the money to deposit as you need the bank.
Speaking to Rupang , Warmawsaw Sordar , Bah Ping Lator , said that anyone who has married should inform the village authority and the village authority will invite both the relatives and confirm the their judgment.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 25: Regarding the claim of Assam, as reported in recent months, that the border areas like Malangkona, Kyrshai, Nongspung and Langpih belong to Assam, it is not true. “It is not acceptable,” said the elders on the border of West Khasi Hills.
Through this investigation and seizure, it was found that the concealment of income is more than T.250 crore.
On the first day, Arunachal Pradesh won the toss and elected to bat first, but could score only 116/10 after Gaurav Jyoti Thakuria dismissed seven Arunachal bowlers.
Minister Nongrum said that as of now, there is no law in the Hima Sohra to issue NOCs to foreigners but the Syiem has done this.
Messi has joined the Barcelona academy at the age of 13 after leaving his country.
“He (Dr Mukul) has prepared all the necessary equipment and sent it to Assam.
Shillong, July 27: U Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan, today resigned suddenly on Republic Day while he was in Itanagar, Arunachal Pradesh. Province.
I want this message to go to Bah Smiling.
He said the party will also select new candidates from Laitumkhrah, Nongthymmai and Ri Bhoi.
The book describes the heavy workload of Apple employees, the lack of information in various ways and this has affected the lives of individuals in terms of household chores. too.
Its objective is not only to connect the Major Cities of India by roadways and railways but also by The airway is also the 'Airway'
Bah RG Lyngdoh said that there are pending cases that have to be completed and the law will go according to its path.
Shillong, Nailur 29 : The UDP 17 North Shillong Youth Wing will soon hold the 2022 Men's and Women's Basketball Tournament.
He wished a Merry Christmas to the children of AW Thomas Home and its staff and to all those who attended the visit.
According to East Jaintia Hills Police, three masked men carrying firearms entered the petrol pump and looted 3.5 lakh tyngka.
You see what is happening in Manipur, nobody talks about Manipur because we are going our own way.
About 91 drivers from different states of the North East have taken part in the two-day competition.
Those who do not know which rashi and which wait prat.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Secretary, Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) today informed the public that the fare for SPTS buses under the JNNURM will be changed from 1 On 1st November, 2014, the fare for 3 km is T.5 tyngka, for 8 km is T.10 tyngka, for 13 km is T.15 tyngka and for more than 13 km The price of the car is T.20 tyngka.
The court said that no order can be issued without receiving a new report.
The Minister said the need to set up this Commission is necessary due to the increase in violence against children in the state.
In the women's category, Bethlyne G.Makri (U-20 400M & 800M), Rinalis Ingty (U-20 High Jump), Marqueenless Ramsiej (U-20 3000M & 5000M), Riyoka Rymbai (U-20 Long Jump) ), Anuska Majhong (U-18 High Jump), Joytiful Narlong (U-18 Long Jump), Anrisha Klein (U-18 High Jump), Damika R.Lyngdoh (U-18 100M & 200M), Wailuti Lyngdoh (U- 16 Shot Put), Kasanchi D.Marak (U-16 Long Jump), Melibad Kro (U-16 Discus Throw & Javelin Throw),  Sibilda Maring (U-16 High Jump), Rukini RT Dkhar (U-14 600M), Turoi Phawa (U-14 60M & Long Jump),  Tusame Marak (U-14 High Jump), Carla Emika Myrboh (U-14 60M), Enriyana G.Momin (U-14 Long Jump & High Jump), Adorebella Syntem ( U-14 Shot Put & Kids Javelin) and Assembly Dkhar (U-14 Shot Put & Kids Javelin).
The KSU CEC under the leadership of Education Secretary Samla Raymond Kharjana said that from time to time they have found such delays and misprints in textbooks.
Pastor DS Sohkhlet, moderator of the KJP Assembly, said that the hostel was established in 1986 and accommodates only 95 women. The foundation stone has now been laid to build a hostel for 300 people.
The road to Upper Shillong is no longer small and there have been many cases (such as during the protests), where the police have driven three and four lanes of vehicles, but they have stopped exactly. and in these days when the traffic jam is increasing, it should be used to allow the vehicles to pass in two lanes and this will help to reduce the traffic jam. he up the line.
According to him, the state will produce about 150 tonnes of tit and about 400 tonnes in three years at a cost of about 4.5 crore tyngka.
There was a song written and composed by Bah Harrison Roy, No.295 JSM. I'll go, if I don't know, Kho:- “That whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life”.
“However, it does not mean that the Government has said 'Yes' but in the last five years, the Government has increased the adhoc grant of teachers at secondary level and we have increased the salaries of pre primary and secondary school teachers. that cook cum helper.
On the 7th of this month, a team of the Forest Department of the district has visited these farmlands and destroyed all the illegally planted crops and destroyed the illegally built houses in these farmlands. places.
He said that in 1935, Rev. Mon Lyngdoh and Shang Mawrie donated the land for the construction of the Presbyterian Church and also the land for the construction of the Laitumkhrah Presbyterian Higher Secondary School. The government has paid compensation to Philamon Mawrie for the construction of the road which is part of the market square.
“If the implementation of the signage project will cause the Hat to be closed for life, it will cause a huge loss to the residents of the border areas who depend on their income and income. books from this market," the groups said.
He expressed his gratitude to the Prime Minister who spoke about the unique characteristics of the North East in the program 'Mann Ki Baat.
They complained to the BJP led by the Central Government in Delhi that nothing has been done by the Central Government on the ILP issue even after the resolution has been passed by the Legislative Assembly to implement it. The BJP has nominated candidates in all 60 constituencies, and hopes that with the joining of some MLAs from other parties, it will help it to win the ILP. enter other constituencies where there are no MLAs, unlike constituencies where new candidates have to contest.
The SP of EJH, S Thamar, said that 24 persons were seriously injured while 15 persons sustained minor injuries.
No roads will be allowed from Lawmali to Polo, Pinewood to Camel Back Road, Gurudwara to YWCA, Commerce College to BK Bajoria School, Saw Furlong to CS Junction and P&T to CS. The Polo Ground will be the road of the Prime Minister and all are warned not to park along this road.
The market was organized by the Krishi Vigyan Kendra, East Khasi Hills in collaboration with the Agriculture Technology Management Agency (ATMA) and the Central Potato Research Institute, Shimla.
Nongpoh, March 21: It is sad to see the presence of illegal activities in Baridua and Khanapara areas of Ri Bhoi District, which are also villages on the border with Assam.
The Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang, on Thursday said that in Meghalaya there has never been a conflict between government officials and politicians.
He said that this was necessary to bring discipline in the working methods of the party and not to allow any confusion that could arise from the exploiters.
The last date for registration for B.Tech / B.Arch is on 4th July 2024The Last date for B.A LLB (Hons)/ MSC Biotechnology will be on 18th July 2023Just to make things clear CBT is needed for MSC Biotechnology, NATA for B. Arch, JEE for B.Tech (except lateral Entry) and CUET with General Studies and Legal Studies for BA.LLB(HONS)As per information.
Meanwhile, Conrad, who is also the leader of the NPP, said that all the rules have been taken to ensure that there will be no violation of the law in the state.
These SOPs, which have been prepared by the NPP-led Government, are clearly understood to have been prepared by the High Levels for the benefit of the High Levels and to discriminate against the poor.
The SBYWA urges all the residents to follow the government's directives to win the fight against the coronavirus.
Pasi and Chairman, Bah Biangshwa Shylla said before the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, “It is necessary that the state government should not just please. royalty should be collected from those minerals sent or sold to the factories and royalties should be collected from the dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills District. collection of taxes on the roads leading to the dewbilat factories for the purpose of collecting taxes from those trucks entering the factories, at least 800 trucks carrying maw shun and 130 trucks carrying coal entering to the factories every day which supply these minerals to the dewbilat factories and the trucks carry more than three times the limit”.
Purno Sangma was Speaker of the Lok Sabha in 1996-98, when India was in the midst of a crisis of khadar rule, with three prime ministers. , including Atal Bihari Vajpayee, HD Deve Gowda and IK Gujral.
If anyone has not received the money or has not received these items, please lodge a complaint with the Sub-Divisional Public Relations Officer, Amlarem Sub-Division by writing clearly the name and village of the person. that they might not be punished.
Shillong: Two years after the outbreak of Corona Virus, the religious activities of various religions in the state have been severely affected; However, this year 2022, the opportunity has been given again to hold a large procession of the state religion which will be held on the 13th November 2022 at the Cathedral Parish Laitymkhrah Shillong, which will start at 10 am. Archi Shop Victor Lyngdoh of Shillong Diocese and in the afternoon the procession will start at 1 pm.
These are the areas where MPs and MLAs in the government should work together.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Balajied Ranee MDC, Bah Neverless Makdoh Rangbah Shnong, Youth and Women's Wing of the village.
The Government has decided to move the office of the Executive Engineer Jowai North to Shangpung and the office of the EE Jowai North will be converted into a Mini Secretariat for the entire West Jaintia Hills. other.
There are tens of millions of Coca-Cola bottles in the sea.
Syiem Freeman has been suspended for allegedly giving land titles to foreigners in Majai.
Referring to the health impact of uranium, Daniel said that the tender called by UCIL should be for open gas mining and this is dangerous. that wind.
Assam Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma has confirmed that a person who was admitted to Guwahati Medical College Hospital (GMCH) has tested positive for Covid-1
Salchang Sangma, Silgar and Silgar M. Sangma got 3/22 and Ayush M Sangma got 2/1
The automaker announced last month that it would lay off more than 6,000 employees in California and Texas without explaining the reasons.
Security is tight in Moscow, with government buildings, traffic stations and others under tight security.
The house was built and donated by TULBA, which is the house of Bah Jewin Makri from Umroi Nonglum, an elderly man who has suffered in the past years. live and live in misery and misery, because of the house that has been burned down just to escape the rainy day.
Expressing his opposition to the demands of the Harijans, he said that if the government ignores their demands, bloodshed could happen.
In a statement, the SP of East Khasi Hills District, Bah M Kharkrang, said that these people were arrested and taken to the police station after drinking and fighting around the city. , some women were also taken to the police station.
The minister said that while the problems of teachers such as ad-hoc and fourth teachers from the low salary have not been fulfilled, the media does not believe to express the problems of teachers in the press.
The CEM said that a decision has been taken to postpone the meeting to the 5th July,
It is beautiful to see that people dress up and go to church to worship God on such a Sunday, but how many of us go with the heart to serve God or we go to show off our possessions? dress, ownership of a vehicle and dignity.
Deborah stressed the need to investigate and take action against these brokers.
The Quarter Finals will be played at 11 pm, Mukhla Umlangchor vs Newhill, Pateinki Sabah vs Moodop Royal at 1 pm and Madan Kynsaw vs Madan Kynsaw at 3 pm. against the Da-I-Hi Mind.
However, among all these leaders, it was felt necessary to talk more clearly and turn around and talk more closely with the political party leaders who are also the leaders of the people.
The name of the informant will be kept confidential. Information can be sent to 8014314233/9436116900/9
The body of the deceased was taken to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for postmortem. The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
The covid-19 pandemic has started spreading again in India.
Between 1951 and 1961, the then Chief Minister of Assam said that there were more than 10 lakh illegal Pakistanis in India.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has called on countries to take measures to fight the coronavirus, which has infected more than 1,40,000 people and killed 5,0 around the world to date.
:The new Khasi song, which was released on the 21st of November 2023, is a love song sung by Synshar Khynriam.
One of the things that upsets Bah Khan as a brave soldier of the party, is the party's failure to give tickets in the MDC elections.
“We strongly demand that the Government/DC should withdraw this order immediately and if they do not, we will insult the Prime Minister/NPP/UPD/HSPDP/BJP (Govt.
There is a spirit in heaven.
The allocation of funds for the expenditure of each Department shall be audited or accurately accounted for by the office of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of the Department. head of government.
The Dorbar Shnong has summoned the Rangbah Shnong to the dorbar held on the 20th of this month to discuss the allegation. Bah Nopin shouldn't eat.
The purpose of this School Week is to ensure that the children are healthy and to improve their skills in various sports and to make the children aware of the Fit India Movement and to change their behaviour. behavior change in daily life to participate in traditional games and other sports.
Meanwhile, the opposition parties are the TMC, Congress and VPP which have 14 MLAs. The 29NTPC Senior Indian Round, 42NTPC Senior Recurve and 18NTPC Senior Compound National Archery Championship will be held at Ekatanagar in Gujarat.
I didn't say after 24 hours we will implement the second phase agitation, but now I request the teachers in the association to understand the current situation, this number has increased a lot. In the state and in other states, as responsible teachers, we don't want to put more burden and suffering on the people and the students. We are not saying that we will leave but there are other ways to protest and now we are preparing a letter to send to the Prime Minister and then we will prepare the letters. to send to the National Level and the State Level to inform them of our plight.
He was accompanied by Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem and Executive Member Bah Fantin J Lakadong. State.
She worked to bring about change without asking how they shook hands or raised their hands.
Everything in India and around the world is changing very fast.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: Police have found the body of a woman on the side of the road at Mawiongrim, Ryndang. I am still in NEIGRIHMS.
Pala said that what the BJP has said on the election issues and what it has done before the elections (during the election campaign) has turned away the people through its false promises.
Dey said the petition against Kartush as MLA is based on Article 191 (1) (e) of the Constitution of India which states that anyone who He must not have any contract with the government, and if he does, he must be dismissed from the post of MLA even after he has been elected.
Referring to the talks with the ULFA (I) led by Paresh Baruah, the Prime Minister said that the peace talks have not yet been completed.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has ignored the deaths of his troops because he believes he can win the war against Ukraine.
On the other hand, the leaders and office bearers who attended the meeting decided to give their full support to Kong Ampareen as the NPP candidate for the MP election. All the NPP MLAs from Jaintia Hills including Sniawbhalang Dhar, Comingone Ymbon, Wailadmiki Shylla and Santa Mary Shylla, as well as all the NPP MDCs from Jaintia Hills including the CEM of JHADC, Bah Thorn Shivat.
Kyrphei SC won the 2nd Division while Thaiñthynroh SC won the 3rd Division.
Genesis 1:26.
Jowai, Jymmang 30: On the occasion of the World No Tobacco Day (WNTD), the NTCP Meghalaya and the Education Department in collaboration with the Sambandh Health Foundation have launched a successful campaign with the participation of of the students in two activities namely 'Anti-Smoking Rally' and 'Signature Campaign'
Greek authorities on Tuesday arrested two Pakistanis in connection with the attack on two Jews and Israelis inside the country.
Police also received a tip from the residents of Mookyndur village on Thursday that there was a body in the house of Mailin Shylla, the wife of Olino.
Because now there is no electricity to charge mobile phones, so to phone can not be used even if there is an incident.
Meanwhile, the leaders of the party from East Jaintia Hills have issued a statement on the dissolution of the party.
Nongpoh: Before the meeting of the Regional Committee on the border between Meghalaya and Assam, the members of the Regional Committee on the border between Meghalaya and Assam, They held a special meeting at Nongpoh and after the meeting they left for Guwahati.
Joey Khongwir scored five goals for Langsning to beat Mawlai 8-1 at the JN Stadium today.
The top scorer was Midaia Dhar of Lutituber Ialong.
Assam Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma in a tweet last night said that there are 1,202 cases of covid-19 in Assam, of which 777 are from Guwahati alone.
But all this was not to be easy.
He said that except for the posts under the DSC, the party does not say anything and the party only says about the posts under the DSC and if any jobs arise if the Reservation Policy or Roster is implemented. System should provide 80% only to the youth of that District.
“If the government shows the will to implement our demands, which is similar to the way the Indian government did in the partition of Jammu and Kashmir, then we can accept to give confidence to the authorities. government.
Babu Kular Khongjirem, the oldest teacher of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Girls HSS, who has taught for 37 years, said that the school has been destroyed by the fire. 21st June 2023, he said that the teachers, students and parents are deeply saddened by the loss of this old school.
St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School represented Meghalaya in the tournament.
KSU CEC Sports & Cultural Secretary Eric Nongkynrih, KSU CEC Assistant Organizing Secretary Samla Cleenstar Shabong, members of KSU Laitumkhrah Unit and KSU Nongthymmai Circle were also present at the ceremony. They were led by their coach, Samla Allan Marbaniang who is also the President of the Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association.
having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof:2 Timothy 3:1-5
“Regarding the incident in Mukroh, we cannot blame only the police department but the MDA and NPP governments which are leading a weak government,” said Process.
“It’s irresponsible behavior by the authorities.
The Principal Secretary said that the road from Mawtawar to Mawroh will also be expanded and a work order has been issued for the construction of a two lane road.
Not only that, if we turn to ASHAs, Teachers, Home Guards, Muster Roll, Scholarship for students and others.
The foundation stone laying ceremony was held at the District Library in Nongpoh. Those who attended the ceremony included Bah Mayralborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Balajied Rani, MDC Nongpoh, Syed Md Andalaab. Razi, Commissioner Secretary, PHE, BM Lyndem, Chief Engineer, PHE, Bah U Kurbah, EE, Nongpoh Division, Rangbah Shnongs and leaders of Nongpoh area.
The General Manager said that the reason for the low price is for reasons of peace, but he did not explain the reason for the peace that will lead to the increase of T.30/-.
The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo, after the curfew from 10th to 17th May 2021 in the district, to make it easier for the residents to buy and sell their necessities. Every day, the shops will be open from Monday to Thursday from 9 am to 7 pm.
In fact, when we become children of God, we are no longer slaves but heirs (Galatians 4:7).
In November 1872, the British troops set up camp at Matcha Rongkrek in the Garo Hills.
Former MLA, Bah Titos W Chyne, who is also the current MDC of Sohra, when he was defeated in the 2018 MLA election, said that the reason for his defeat was because of the Gavin said that the first thing depends on the will of God and the cooperation between the supporters and the people to win the election.
The State President of the BJP (BJP) on Tuesday said that there is no restriction on anyone who wants to leave the party.
There are few and perhaps no MLAs who are concerned about the lack of passers in the SSLC examination every year.
“In the implementation of the fight against child marriage, the Assam Police have arrested more than 800 persons accused of involvement, which started at Sarma said in a statement released to the media.
Even among those who applied for tickets were many who were stronger than she.
The Sessions Judge of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai on Tuesday sentenced the three persons involved in the murder of Sada Muruh to life imprisonment.
The dorbar will start on the 10th of November and end on the 17th.
Bilgrak, on the other hand, finished with 1/25 in 3 overs.
There have been 125 recoveries in the state today, bringing the total number of recoveries to 3,7
The presence of these MAWs in some villages:-(a) In Iewrynghep and Nongkseh: The Mawbynna – Mawkynthei were appointed during the ceremony of Ksan Shillong, the Syiem of Shillong. The Great King of Shillong.
Shillong: The annual Shad Sukra of the Sein Raij Muthlong, West Jaintia Hills District, this year will start from the 6th and end on the 7th of June at Madan Nohrong in Thadmuthlong.
Godwin Lakiang in his speech said that he was pleased to be able to participate with the children of the kur and wished that the tickets will be sold so that the kur can carry out the activities of the kur.
The SP of Ri-Bhoi District said that the arrest of these four GNLA smugglers was made after police received a tip and conducted a search operation until they arrested them. they.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 20: U Bah Jamberson Marak of Byrnihat, Ri-Bhoi District, one of the tyngshops of the state who loves filmmaking and recording songs and has produced many music videos, has now been appointed as a filmmaker. He has released three music videos on his 55th birthday at a function held in Nongpoh.
He said that the state still lacks 121 qualified doctors in the state and with this decision of the state government, the state will get 20 to 30 doctors every year.
“In fact, we expected him to fight and discuss the issues that have affected the people especially the ILP which is the issue at the forefront of the party. metor which falls within the boundary of his constituency, but as soon as he wins MLA he tries to destroy the party”.
To educate young people about the dangers of drugs and child marriage through counselling.
The first thing that is needed is the EPIC and after that the development works in the border areas should be followed up, said Thabah.
However, they have handed over to the leaders of Garo Hills because since 1970 when the Government of India granted the Sub State, Capt Williamson A. Sangma has been appointed as the Prime Minister.
He urged the farmers who are not aware of the decision not to sell jhur on the 5th at the market to come to the meeting at Mawkhar after the sale of jhur.
The relevant department should look into the rules of procedure according to the Assam Service (Discipline & Appeal) 1964, where any violators will be punished including retirement as it will be misleading to the public. government employees who are involved in society.
Kong Lymba said that this program was a blessing to all the people who came and besides this eye treatment, there were also researchers who are the children of Mawkhar in the field of research. blood, diabetes and other physical needs.
“This statement by the NPP president came after reports alleged that there is a misunderstanding between the party leaders, after the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar said that He wants the party to give ticket to his brother Bah Dasakhiat Lamare to contest the upcoming MP election.
Before concluding, my urge to us is to protect, care for and preserve this environment in which we live, because we cannot get another one like this.
Hamas militants have so far kidnapped 100 Israeli civilians.
The statement said that as he and his government are willing to bury the MCCL alive, we will work hard because the traitor of the people should be punished by taking the your life.
The investigation is ongoing.
The New Year cake was also cut by the wife of the Dolloi of Jowai District, Kong Sukmynsiem Sumer in the presence of members of JTES and others.
Teaching is not a job of collecting money but a job that requires dedication, dedication and hard work,” said the chief guest.
He said that his expulsion from the party is not the decision of the people but the decision of the parties.
Even if Bhalang doesn't tell us, it is known that Bhalang gets a very high percentage.
On the other hand, the Joint Director said that if proper treatment is given, within two months, the cows infected with LSD will recover completely from the disease.
Mukhla Evergreen opened the scoring in the 42nd minute through Ïohi Dhar.
I am the answer and I return to the village to answer.
SCA-B had to chase 212 runs to win but managed to score only 53 runs with Sanjau Sawkuta 4/21, Suraj Kapri 3/14 and to Benedict Jones Makdoh-2/9.
As in math, there is only one right answer and everything is wrong, but some wrong answers are closer than others.
He emphasized the value and duty of us to preserve our customs and traditions and to enrich them as our own before we fall into the traps of others. ong 'light we seek all over the world, light of the country we don't know ei ei'
He also complained that there have been many damages to the PumpHouse and the damage has reached T.30,0
The cause of the burning of these shops is not known, although media reports said that there were enemies who burnt down these shops in the tourist area.
Assuming that the children have understood that, they are encouraged to live independently and the result is harmful and affects their own future.
Meanwhile, the North Eastern Hills University has allowed scholars to present their theses in Khasi since 1981, only eight years after its inception.
“The law will not release whether he is my family member or my brother, the law is equal to all,” he said.
Shillong, Lber 27: A group of athletes from various associations led by Bah Pynshai Mawrie, member of the Meghalaya School of Martial Arts, have come forward to meet with the media. on Tuesday afternoon, to discuss the issues regarding the delay of the Government in distributing cash prizes to the athletes who have won medals in various competitions for the year 2022-2
Chief Manager, Apex Bank Nongstoin Branch, Bah TK Wanniang explained about the Education Loan and PMEGP for the support of school children to continue their education and the Prime Minister's Employment Generation Programme. for self-employment because it is difficult to wait for government jobs.
Not only here, the people want their own state but other ethnic groups in India have also demanded their own state, such as the Bodo, Karbi in Assam. to get their own state even though the struggle has not been successful to this day.
We live in the age of technology and understand that it is necessary in these days.
Ex-Pastor K.Langrin (Luke 9:57) And it came to pass, that, as they went in the way, a certain man said unto him, Lord, I will follow thee whithersoever thou goest.
He said there had been talks between the two Chief Ministers and the Chief Secretaries of Meghalaya and Assam to resolve the border issue at Langpih earlier but there was no progress.
Thus, become students who make good use of their talents in any aspect of their lives.
Leaders of these three organizations including Airmen Wahlang, Vice President of HNYF, Mormesor Rani President of UHM and Bah Wos Thangkhiew of HITO have expressed their strong opposition to the actions of this Khasi leader. They brought in these foreigners without providing the necessary documents and also without thinking about the danger when foreigners come to work without providing the necessary documents which is only for the personal benefit of the u, they said.
“Regarding the rumors that the KHADC and JHADC elections may be postponed due to the delay in amending the provisions of Article 7 of the Constitution, the Minister said, “Until now I have not received any information and I have not received any letter and it is only when we have received the letter, that is, to me and the Minister of District Council Affairs, that we will be able to speak. something.
After a while, after Maheh had explained all these things, Lydia's father left and quickly prepared his feet for his house.
Shillong: The Government of Meghalaya has announced that PMGKAY will distribute 5 kilos of rice per head in June and July 2021; NFSA, AAY, PHH only. For more information, please call
Diengdoh said that in 1982, the people of the Elaka had protested against the government's violence by sending letters from one Prime Minister to another. one government minister to another to discuss this issue but all the discussions and decisions that have been taken have not been implemented at all and it has ended in discussions.
When he entered the house, he found that the door had been broken and the storerooms had been locked.
Shillong, Nailar 31: Laitmawhing SC have dropped to the 2nd Division of the Tyrsad Area Sports Association (TASA) after beating Wahlyngkien Ramklang SC 1-2 goals in the 1st Division. on Tuesday.
He said that Bah Muktieh has not received any order from the district to create a new Umroi Block.
This is the first time that these Mixed Martial Arts athletes from the State will be able to showcase their skills at the festival which will include various programs such as music by famous singers. State and also across the North East with the exhibition of motorcycle races.
Former EM Labor Department James Ban Basaiawmoit who was the chief guest at the meeting distributed the clothes to about 15 Daju who came to collect them.
Without Bah UN Sun, Ri Khasi would have been destroyed.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 172 new cases have been confirmed and 1547 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
As the pollution of the environment especially in Shillong has increased from year to year, the government should take a decision to order all the residents in Shillong to plant these trees because it is a strong tree to produce oxygen which is essential for human life.
That one also agreed.
Michael said that although the government has not yet appointed the chairperson and members like the central government, it should issue a notice so that all government employees from the Prime Minister to junior employees can eh, they will have to declare their income and assets including children, spouse or partner.
The police said that this is according to the Personnel Department's Office Memorandum of the Reservation Roster issued on July 14,
The State through the State TB Cell under the National Health Mission is making efforts to eradicate the disease through the 'TB Harega Desh Jeetega' project.
Anthony Nongbri (UDP) from Laitumkhrah-Malki, Batskhem Marbaniang (UDP) from Mawsynram, Krispin Rynthong (UDP) from Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah, David Kharsati (UDP) from Sohryngkham and Wankupar Syiemlieh (UDP). ) and Sohiong.
At the end of 2019, the investment was 899 million Swiss francs, or T.6,625 crore.
It is not permissible to speak harshly, arrogantly and speak arrogantly to others whether they are relatives, friends or fellow human beings.
Up to 35,000 youths from around the world have applied to take part in the tournament, but only 1567 have been selected and this young man is one of them.
ha or before the judgment session.
The village was bustling, the shops were crowded, the market was bustling, the supporters especially the leaders were busy.
The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 67,000 and the death toll to 2,2 the whole country.
Furthermore, landline numbers that do not exist will be replaced when converted to FTTH (Fiber to the Home).
We believe in Khasi-Jaintia too that the time will soon come when the farmer will use animals to do more of his work, and thus the use of the lyngkor will be something. which we shall get equally in our fields in Khasi-Jaintia.
This part of the process is complete.
“Without the support of the Government, we cannot move forward because the departments involved include the Department of Youth Development, Sports, Culture, Tourism. The Department of Sericulture & Weaving – these are the departments involved.
When you have depression it is not easy to choose the right foods, but struggle to eat to fight this disease.
These cows were bought by Asia Kharbuli from Larshana Kharbamon, resident of Mawlai Phudmuri.
For a while, Meghalaya was able to improve Delhi's economy but failed to maintain its defense, following the defeat of the opposition's last batsman.
The death toll in the United Kingdom has risen to 48, bringing the total to
Punjab Agriculture and Farmers Welfare Minister Gurmeet Singh Khudian said that the Department of Agriculture has received 1,58,394 applications. request from farmers for benefits in connection with the implementation of CRMs. Letters for the selection of beneficiaries have already been released through the Online Portal.
Mr. Mohrmen should know this.
He said that in fact, he has no intention of speaking against anyone and it is just a joke but the appearance in the newspaper can change the attitude of the people.
When we reached Lai Mer, we saw that Bah Kyrshan was cleaning and cleaning the street along the road and there were several of his friends who helped him including Bah Donbok Thabah and children.
He said that the union has sought information on the suspension of the construction of this road and has received information that there is a ownership of the land and on this the union has gone to They have informed the Deputy Commissioner of EKHD, the DFO of the Forest Department and the MLA of this area, as they want the construction of this road to go smoothly.
The way political leaders behave is always to make threats.
The closing date for applications will be 20 November 2022 and no further applications will be accepted after this date.
After his re-election, Infantino has promised to continue to serve the federation as a whole and the football industry across the country. earth.
HDR Lyngdoh said the government has awarded the bridge for 10 years at a cost of T.90 lakh to the private sector and the cost of collecting it from one truck is T.2
He also urged them to send workers to find out the root cause of the water shortage and said that there are places where the water is flowing while there are other places where there is a shortage of water. you are the light.
After he finished speaking, the supporters clapped their hands to support the speech of the NPP candidate from Sohiong.
I appreciate your actions.
Indeed, in this state, there are many politicians without statesmanship.
The Chief Minister said that today he also visited the people who have been affected by the floods at the hospital including the father of a family who lost their lives in the hospital. you are in the land of Jabalgre.
Security measures will be strictly implemented in these containment zones and only essential activities will be allowed.
The department is also looking for other options such as Liam Dawson, Rehan Ahmed and Will Jacks.
Shillong, March 17: Unidentified persons have set fire to two motorcycles in Mynsain, Lumparing at around 1.30 pm this morning. .
Therefore, the Sur u Paidbah of South West Khasi Hills District invites and invites the people, the youth of the district who have a responsibility for the future of the heritage to come and take part. so that all the objectives will be achieved because without the cooperation of all parties the objectives will not achieve anything.
On the BJP's complaint to the Lokayukta, he said the Lokayukta should look into the allegations whether they are true or not.
According to information received from the KJDSTA, the salary and arrear DA have been released to the Civil Deficit of the Government at the request of the DSEO Shillong. The Treasury Office has paid the salaries and wages of teachers since June
On the other hand, Bah Bright called upon the residents to join hands in this struggle led by the VPP for a bright future for the state.
This is the house and office of the Viceroy (now the house of the President of India).
Mumbai: The Punjab and Maharashtra Co-operative Bank (PMC) has used up to 21,000 fake accounts to hide its secret loans to people whose managers have been involved in the bank's death. they agree.
He said that the government's difficulty in getting a landfill in one place is because people are afraid of the example of the marten; Therefore, the government should take action against the marten by starting the garbage dumps in the marten so that the pollution can be removed from this area.
In Mawsynram C&RD Block, out of 51,966 registered residents, 9,331 residents have registered which is 17.96%.
Durex The Birds and Bees Talk (TBBT) is pleased to become a partner organization in the field of health and hygiene at the 24th Hornbill Festival, following the success of the partnership in the previous years.
Mahela Morcha Leader Ester Kharbamon spoke about the schemes that the BJP government has introduced for women such as old age pension, widow pension and 11 years old women.
He said the Council would discuss relevant subjects within it.
Therefore, the Seng urges the DCA department of the state government to send a thorough inquiry into the misuse of JHADC funds by the present EC to find out who is involved.
When we are still short of food production, the money to buy those food items will flow outside the state and this will further impoverish, destroy and destroy the markets of the state.
He said that in his preparation for the election from the NPP there are some comments but most of the time they like to throw stones at the same tree and the MDA Government under the leadership of the NPP has helped a lot to the people. the State.
The EAC oversees aviation operations in a vast area spanning 12 states.
“I have already directed them that if they want to talk to the media, they should consult and if they cannot do so, it is better for them not to talk to the media. use the name of the BJP but put your own name".
“It is necessary that this right enshrined by the Supreme Court, which has also been enshrined in the MMDR Act, should be implemented properly, not to violate the rights of the people on land, not to provide those High Level, not to provide for those Coal Mafia, not to provide for those 'lei five years who sit there inside the Secretariat who just collect the wealth, the money of the people, especially the poor.
“However, as soon as Bah Samlin won, all these issues were resolved and peace and order have prevailed,” he said.
He completed his class XI and class XII education at Delhi Public School Mathura Road and completed his Bachelor's Degree at Delhi University's Kirori Mal College where he became a leader of the North East Students. Federation of India.
Shillong: There have been 495 new cases and 453 recoveries today.
Welbirt Rani, President of the FKJGP, said that the FKJGP strongly condemns the attack on Michael Warjri, Secretary of Nongspung Hima and resident of New Balakhwa village in Ri Bhoi.
“Regarding the lifting of the charges, we have already discussed according to the charges by considering each case and we will have to look at it separately,” he added.
Kismilinda Snaitang said that although the foreigner has confessed to killing Kyrmen, we want to know how many people were involved in the killing of Bah Kyrmen. Hope.
But Hosea was proud of his wife, accepted her life and character, loved her, worked hard for her and poured out his heart to provide for her.
There she studied with a young Khasi.
The deadline for submission of applications is November 31, 2023.
He said that two members of Bah Wahlang's group including D Passah and V Marbaniang are not his supporters, but their relatives are beneficiaries of the MLA scheme.
However, since the 29th of last month, one of the Supreme Court's most experienced lawyers, who is also one of the leaders in the struggle for a new state, has been arrested. Professor Munish Tamang, President of NFNS, understood clearly that they needed to get their own state and it was after their arrival that this demand entered everyone's minds. every household in the whole of Garo Hills.
His ability and knowledge to smile quickly freed him from debt.
Prestone said Dr. Mukul Sangma will leave the Meghalaya TMC at any time because he knows that the TMC will not get many MLAs in the upcoming elections.
The Joint Action Committee of War Jaintia Hills District has recently vowed to file a complaint in the High Court against the Dhar Company for the construction of the National Highway (NH-206) at a cost of T.43 crore. this road just 2 months later was completely destroyed.
the old laws and the new ones.
And after a while she gave him a drink.
She also informed that there are many courses offered by the Institute of Hotel Management, Shillong where residents of Meghalaya can attend without taking the Entrance Exam.
At the same time, he said that the sad thing is that the police do not arrest the people involved in this case but only the minor ones.
If you are watching channel t7, you will see that there is a comment, “Sohra Geographical Landscape is not in consensus??? Oh! Please… I rather feel it’s more of a POLITICAL consensus game”.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, has promised to issue a zero hour notice. answer in writing inside the court.
Shillong: A group of the Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPLU) and the Hynniewtrep Tourist Taxi Association (HTATA) today visited the Toll Plaza 20 miles Umling in Ribhoi district after hearing a complaint from the drivers of tourist vehicles. The tollgate is 20 miles away.
Bah Tyllibor said that foreigners without documents are willing to eat anything in the state.
On the other hand, the BSF admitted that the vehicle driven by Bah Roning did not stop even after they stopped at the place where they were standing to search the trucks carrying goods. I'm not going to Bangladesh.
The 'Knup' has been making since the ancients and it continues until now although there are fewer people making Knup today but it is a great blessing to the entire community who use this Knup. to cover during the rainy season especially the farmers.
He also assured to continue to monitor the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
These two teams from the district have become the winners after the final match of the Chief Minister District Level U-12 Open Football Tournament
He said that to prevent the issuance of licenses by foreigners, they will conduct inspections at all the shops of foreigners.
Therefore, the customs of counting from the mother and the customs of democracy should be strengthened as they are still well established in society, even if someone tries to mushlia in this way or that.
“They have filed a chargesheet on this incident, but they have not filed 120(b) IPC where this incident shows that there is a conspiracy of the people in power,” she said.
 Jesus became the Father's Grace to you by dying on the cross (Mt.27; Mk.15; Lk.23; John 19).
In the women's category, PFR Football Academy beat JNS Grassroot Center 3-1
David Arnold Nongrum, 42, Shillong, passed away on Tuesday morning after suffering from cardiac arrest.
The Deputy Commissioner (Election) of West Jaintia Hills District has decided to conduct the Special Summary Revision (SSR) 2023 in all the Polling Stations in the district to update the photo electoral roll according to the calendar. on July 1,
Shillong: Mawlai SC beat Langsning FC 2-1 in the semifinal of the Premier League 2023 at the SSA Stadium in Polo on Saturday.
This is another tournament held in Shillong after the North East Olympic Games 2022, the National Ranking Archery Tournament 2023 and the Senior National Table Tennis Championship
The suspects were identified as Damewanhi Rymbai, 28, Deibor Sutnga, 31, Hilari Dkhar, 24, Banjop Sukhaling, 25, Wanmi Muksor, and Damon Shadap (29).
“The Garo people are the most peaceful people. If you look at the state demand, the Garo people have been protesting only when they have seen that the work is almost done while in fact it is the Khasi people who have been protesting since the beginning. “But when the Garo issue has been resolved, they want to resolve the Reservation Policy and this shows the selfishness and selfishness,” he said.
He said that if the people give their support to him, his goal is to make Rambrai a prosperous constituency.
Both these candidates are from Shangpung.
In Lad Rymbai, these Bangladeshis used to hold meetings and the decision of the meetings was that everyone should make an effort to marry a local woman, in order to strengthen the marriage.
The implementation of this Act has come into force from today 20/4/2020 to 23/4/2020, but this Act will not apply to shops selling food and beverages. , jhur, Soh, Doh, food shops and other shops which have been approved by the government, the opening hours will be from 9 am to 5 pm.
Regarding this, the union demanded that the government should suspend the doctors involved in this case and not to revoke their license, because as trained nurses should not play with the bodies of people but should treat them properly.
This has been exposed in the white ink scam in the recruitment of teachers.
Those who work with us will not suffer.
Although there has been a lot of protest among the people over the allegation that Assam has crossed the border by building a Battalion Outpost at Rtiang Sanphaw near Saitsama village, there has been no impact on the polling in the area up to Khanduli village.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills has announced the closure of the houses of Ridalang Pyrbot, resident of Virginia Dkhar and Jarnar Khongsti in Lumjingsuk, Madanrting Block-A. of Pinora Khongwir, at Madanrting Block-C, then the house of UP Kanti Das (resident) at the house of SS Sengurta, near St. John's Primary School, Laban and SR Banks, KS Road. Laban, at the house of Jhumella Shylla, Club I, Pynthorumkhrah and at the house of Rodha Wahlang, Jaiaw Langsning.
There was a siatkhnam competition, a song competition and a traditional dance competition.
Bun, who was ud, didn't know how to shit tasam.
Also present on the occasion was Bah WL Snaitang, Secretary of Mawkyrwat Village. He gave a brief explanation on the purpose of the programme. words of greeting.
