He urged the voters to take care and think carefully when electing their leaders as it is a sacred task.
He also gave an example that the Transit Camp at Khanapara, Assam has been forced to work, despite the opposition from Meghalaya, but at Iongkhuli, Meghalaya through the electricity department intends to supply electricity. In the village, the Assam Police came to block and forcibly destroyed the electricity posts.
Even if you have passed a degree level like BA/BSc/B.Com etc, you can't talk about the job if you don't have strong supporters.
The union leader said that the people of these villages when they go to Nonglang, Langja, Langpih, Kyrdum and other villages, they have to walk from Rambrai to Nongstoiñ which is a distance of 20 kilometers. .
He inspected the exhibitions of the students displayed at the venue before the discussion.
URupang.com is still searching for more information.
The place where Pynkhreh's body was found is known as Pommura.
Shillong, Nailar 22 : The Adviser to the Ministry of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA of Mawkynrew Constituency, on Tuesday said that the proposal to appoint foreigners as members of the Expert Committee to review the Reservation Policy is wrong. How can foreigners come to interfere in the internal affairs of the state when they don't know what is missing and they don't understand about the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people.
Bah Amberlight Masharing, strongly condemned the state government and the Minister of PWD, for not paying attention to the problems of the people and especially to the rural roads, which has caused a lot of problems to the people. the people in the march and stand.
Therefore, the Khasi language itself should still be rooted in its own native languages ​​because if it is properly investigated, there is a way to get the native languages ​​and it is also possible to create new languages ​​from one's own native language.
On the other hand, the AAPPTF has decided that only local taxis will be allowed to transport those who travel to parts of the Tawang area.
Shillong: The Union of Village Authorities of Bri Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) will meet with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on the continuation of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) Building Act. Shillong Municipal Board has decided to increase the number of households outside the Shillong Municipal Board.
The number of voters and the percentage in the constituencies are Siju 16154, 67.89 percent, Wagesik 14354 (47.32%), Silgegre 13556 (74%), Rongrikrigre 11203 (65.6073 para 70%), Gau. %), Barengapara 11794 (74.76%), Babelpara 13965 (85.44%), Amongpara 18847 (59.65%), Tura 42683 (44.04%), Dengnakpara (19096 (76%), Rochonpara (76% 156094) ), Balachanda 28873 (83.43%), Batabari 17699 (84.37 %), Shyamnagar 34420 (83.54%), Raksamgre 21638 (74.91 %), Naguapara 18267 (76.07%).41 Bodam18 177 ( 77%) 36%) , Nogorpara 16168 (82.09 %), Zikzak 22104 (83.12%), Betasing 14839 (78.50 %), Rongrom 26952 (50.84 %), Bolsom 20237 (63.03%), kutta17.8 26, 66.4 %), Samandagre 20216 (62.32%), Darugri 22295 (62.35%), Williamnagar 27008 (36.67%).
He also said that there was another house that was built on a tree that was cut down on it.
Here the article clearly shows the importance of love and how it works in life especially in society.
The welcome speech was delivered by the Sports Officer of the department, Kong Darlyne Khonglam and after this there was an oath taking ceremony by the players.
Kong Lumspah opened the letter and read: "To Kong LumspahSubject: Land Complaint According to the above subject, the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong, after a thorough discussion with The complaint from the house of Kong Lin, has decided to summon you to appear on Saturday at the Dorbar Shnong.
In Maharashtra, the total number of cases has risen to 29.04 lakh and 3.89 people are still infected.
On the 5th of June, 66 students arrived safely at Guwahati Airport on an Alliance Air flight arranged by the State Government on the directive of the Chief Minister.
He said the reason why the religious leaders stand against it is because they are concerned about the future of the youth and the state as a whole.
At the same time, he also spoke about the job search, by reminding the youth that in this age it is very difficult to find government jobs but it is time to start improving by They have their own jobs to own themselves and don't rely on others because if they try and be strong no one can steal that job but they can improve one day to another.
The question now is, do we need to come out on polling day to elect leaders who will deceive and deceive us? If the 24th wins the 36th, what good will it do us to elect leaders to serve us the citizens and the nation when these others are ready to see that they are busy day and night only in it serves for its own benefit and goes up and down.
The letter was sent today by the Federation of Khasi States to the Chief Minister and Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya and also sent an email to the Ministers and leaders of the parties supporting the MDA Government. We are shocked and saddened to hear the news of the raid on the house of the Meghalaya Police on the morning of 13th August 2021 which led to the shooting death of former General Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
Regarding the comments of many, why it is necessary to build a new building instead of paying the outstanding salaries of the employees of JHADC, Ma Thombor explained that the construction of the building has to follow exactly. guidelines, you cannot transfer or pay your salary.
This location has made it difficult for foreigners to visit the area, and has led to the decline in tourism in the area.
PDF President Gavin Miguel Mylliem and NPP National President Conrad Kongkal Sangma signed the agreement at a welcoming ceremony held at the National People's Party (NPP) headquarters in Shillong. combination of 11 items.
He said the main objective of the alliance with the UDP is to ensure that the Congress should no longer hold power in the state in the upcoming MLA elections.
According to experts, the dress code of today is different from the past.
It took about 10 hours for the rescue team to rescue the dead and injured. .
Take for example, some of our people who are supporters of a foreign party, expose in the newspapers the achievements of this party in its development activities.
Earlier, on Thursday, about four Maoist militants had surrendered under the Puna Nakom Abhiyan of the Chhattisgarh government.
He said that after the meeting, the party decided to inspect the family and found that Kong Mary is living in poverty and urgently needs to get a good house.
“The State Government can build a ropeway and other means of transportation according to the need,” said the bench of the two judges while hearing the PIL on Thursday. .
Mark 7:6
In this age of mankind, knowledge has come to an end and will soon begin to decline.
Bless Dkhar, who was arrested from Pohskeh, was brought before the District Court on Tuesday, which authorized the police to conduct a thorough investigation for three days.
Tura is one of the oldest cities not only in Meghalaya, but also in the North East.
The song was attended by Khasi tyngshop and puron, including Badondor Nongdhar and Ilari Kharkamni.
In connection with the incident, Marcus Marten has lodged a complaint against Hercules Suting, HYC Ri Bhoi President, Jayson Lenoz Nongrum, General Secretary and Mission Tron. and many of the disciples went with them.
This is history, he said.
Shillong: The Seng Khihlang has decided to postpone the tournament scheduled to be held on 27th, 28th and 29th October 2020 at Wahiajer, West Jaintia Hills.
The second phase of the training will be held from 8 to 12 January
For this reason, the SSA has had to postpone the start date.
On the last day, there were also meetings to discuss the bilateral relations between India (Meghalaya) and South Korea.
“The constituency and the constituency are fortunate to have this MDC candidate who is also a good young man like a rural child and hope that the constituency will fight to win this young man. I will contest as an independent candidate,” said Bah Lamurong.
The Minister said that development comes only if there is peace.
If its citizens have enlightened and developed, it is also their contribution not only to the State Government and especially to the Indian Government.
Shillong: The Mega Lok Adalat was held on 27th March under the chairmanship of Justice Mohammad Yaqoob Mir, Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court. Justice SR Sen, Executive Chairman of MSLSA, said that 164 cases worth T.64,14,872 lakh have been completed at the Mega Lok Adalat. The family members of the deceased have fought for justice under the Motor Vehicle Act for the death of their son in a car accident.
Jowai, Nailar, 02: The Ministry of Consumer Affairs and Food and Public Distribution (MCD) has informed all stakeholders that the time has come for all ration consumers to join the ration scheme. their Aadhaar Number and Ration Cards so that they can receive their ration items under NFSA-2
Kembhavi announced the appointment as DC of WKH through a post on his Facebook page 'Deputy Commissioner Jowai'
The WEP was introduced under the Niti Aayog with the aim of promoting self-employment by women in India.
He said that through this festival, we can witness the richness of the traditional culture of Raid Marwet and through this festival, we will be able to revive the traditional dances, traditional food and kñia ka. Thank God to bless the children of the Raid Marwet and especially to preserve the customs and traditions of the Raid of the Raid. they shall not forget, neither shall they perish, but shall keep it from generation to generation.
Every year from October to June, schools from urban to rural areas are busy holding various sports festivals.
He said that the Hunar Hub will provide training to more than 2,500 students and the education department will build a Pharmaceutical College, Nursing College, Paramedical College and a Skill Development Centre.
Nongstoiñ, July 13: The youth of Pyndengrei, one of the villages in Nongstoiñ, today celebrated their 50th anniversary. The Golden Jubilee of the Pyndengrei Social and Cultural Sport Club.
“At the time of the government, we had to pay tax up to T.12,000 thousand for a Mahindra Pick Up Truck, T.300 tax to the Council and T.200 to the employees. “When transporting sying, we have to pay T.150 per Mahindra Pick Up Truck at the four toll gates of KAAC,” said the Union.
Although Ri Bhoi District has risen to the fifth position in the implementation of development schemes, Kiren Rijiju urged the government officers in the district to work harder so that Ri Bhoi District will rise to the first rank and at that time, it will promote economic development not only within the District or State, but in the country as a whole.
UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres has advised the Israeli government to stop crossing the border into Palestine. Israel and Palestine will never end.
In the final match, Ladthadlaboh beat FAM 2-0 through Chanmi Phawa in the 51st minute and six minutes later Fourly Phawa scored another goal.
We would like to thank MLA Ma Nujorki Sungoh for his visit.
This visit of the members of the union has encouraged the teachers and the residents of the village who said that this is the first time that someone has come to visit and talk about the problems of the people. the area.
The uniqueness of this village is that it is located near the Umngot River and this river is very clean and there are still many fish.
All this has been a spectacle of the struggle of those who want the rule of law.
Because our State is a Khasi-Jaintia and Garo speaking State, it is not an English speaking State throughout the State.
The union strongly opposes Prof Srivastava and demands that the Union Minister of Education should remove him from the post of VC of NEHU and demands that the Chief Minister should take action. to this work.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today sent a petition to the Symbud Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, who is also in charge of the Electricity Department. He sought clarification on the implementation of smart meters in various households in the state.
So far, the death toll has risen to
Mangara Shylla warned that if anyone is found stealing and stealing, the party will not forgive and impose stricter rules on them.
In that way Satan will recognize his own people through that mark.
Lion SC beat NSA 4-0 in the second half. Chanmitre Dkhar scored four goals in the 22nd, 25th, 28th and 74th minutes. .
In this regard, Bah Batskhem suggested that the Constitution should be amended first so that the 'one nation, one election' can work.
In South West Khasi Hills, there are 27 cases, of which 24 cases are in Dhar Company.
“It is on this basis that as the people of Block II, we agree with the path taken by the UDP because this shows that as the CEM he wanted to rule alone without consulting,” he said. said Mrs. Sten.
She said that they will pay close attention to their demands and how the government has acted.
To answer this question is very difficult.
Secondly, the Dorbar Shnongs, Raijs, Himas and District Councils in Meghalaya should enact appropriate laws to ensure effective implementation and facilitate the residents to register land titles and property. .
In another match of the 2nd Division, Jongksha SC beat Nongumlong SC 3-2
According to the Mairang MLA, these awards will be for those students who have passed the SSLC, Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) of boards from MBoSE, CBSE. and ICSE. For HSSLC, arts, science and commerce will be distributed to all subjects and the winners will be 10 in SSLC and HSSLC. Documents required to submit include Marksheet, Birth Certificate, Tribe Schedule, EPIC, two photographs and phone number.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The High Court of Meghalaya has ordered the imprisonment of the Sordar of Wahkhen and the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi District Council. on the decision of the Court, dated 10th November 2014, in which the Court decided not to recognize the powers of Rangbah Shnongs, in issuing identification cards, in relation to the date of birth, Vincent Pala MP from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, has spoken to Sonia Gandhi to ensure that the Congress party, which stands to protect the rights of the people, the tribes, to stand up and help, in such a case of difficulty they are facing.
These other types of public leaders are called politician types of representatives.
There is talk that Bah Pynshngain may not get the Congress ticket in 2018 if Mukul Sangma remains the party leader in the state.
Furthermore, the land owners and householders of Mawlong Mawtari said that some households have large land, some have small land and some have enough to live on. Jrop Kharkongor said he has 61 acres of land and Dokton Lyngdoh said he has 15 thousand sq.ft.
At the Cathedral, they will keep a day inside the church before the last service so that the faithful can see the Archbishop for the last time.
Speaking on the occasion, the Governor said that the graduates should not hesitate to go to work in the rural areas but should dedicate themselves to serve the people in need.
Shillong, June 18: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has welcomed the increase in electricity tariff to 15 percent and this may not affect the poor but the increase every year should be considered. good.
Don't worry about all these things that you have experienced and that you have seen and died in the journey of your life because these things cannot stop you because we have an Almighty God. that we can overcome all these things that we have experienced in our lives and let us continue to do our best to stand firm against all these things and overcome them by the faith and power of God. Don't worry about all these things that you have suffered in your life God will be with us every day Our life and we should not forget God in anything Whatever difficulties, sufferings or happinesses we have, we must put God first in our lives above all these things so that we can overcome all these things.
He said that this is the advent that we are waiting for until the coming of the Son of God to this world which is Christmas and when we are waiting for it we should not be those who are sad, afraid and worried. , but we should wait with joy.
Smoke reportedly erupted inside the plane but no one was hurt or injured in the incident.
In a statement, the Rangbah Shnong said that this fire has affected the students to prepare for their examinations in these months.
“I know that it is easy to enter the country but now it is time to close the border completely.
Tyngshain Wanwar was injured while KSU member Lurshai Hynniewta was killed in a clash with foreigners on 28th June 2020 in Ichamati.
The Swift, a Maruti (ML-05 C-5200) which was driving in front of the Swift, collided with the Alto (ML-05 G-0744).
It is true that this Rangbah does not lack words, but he does many things.
The same is true of children.
Dr. Chesterfield Syiem from Bethany Hospital said that health is more precious than wealth and education.
These students were surprised and shocked by this unfounded insult to Prof. Jeffrey Wahlang who has been a good teacher to the students and also to his fellow teachers who have been honored by the governing body.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Jaïaw Presbyterian Higher Secondary School on Tuesday held a public march to raise awareness on the dangers of drugs and the campaign to take care of the environment.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 27 cases, 2 cases in Mairang Mission Cluster, 2 cases in Mawkaton Cluster, 3 cases in Pyndengrei Cluster and 7 cases in Upper New Nongstoin Cluster.
“The sad news is that I have received information from CHC Bhoirymbong that we have confirmed a positive case of COVID-19 in our area.
In reply, he said that if the office of the Syiem goes wrong, the District Council will take action and if the Dorbar Shnongs make mistakes, the District Council will seek an account from the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, congratulated all the recipients of the award for their hard work and dedication. preserved cultures, dates and kept the name alive.
In another incident, Tyngshaiñlang Nongrang lodged a complaint that on 28th November, robbers stole his motorcycle number ML-05Q-6573 from the ground floor of his house at Langstiehrim, Pyndengumïong. in the Eastern West Khasi Hills.
It may be recalled that Meghalaya won 11-0 in the match against Jammu & Kashmir but this time, they didn't play well and in the end they lost. noh you are defeated.
You don't have to get the answer but you don't have to have a question in your mind, but you don't have to have a question when you have the opportunity to meet and ask God. is dumb.
He said that he has received a lot of support from the people and he will work hard day and night to explain and express to the people his desire to serve the people.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Marbaniang said that the MBOSE has empowered the officers in charge of the Exam Centers to ensure the smooth conduct of the examinations.
The rally will be held at Pynursla Market at 1 pm to protest against the shooting death of Roningstar Nongkynrih from Jalynteng, Nongkynrih.
He hopes that through this training camp it will be of great help to the trainees to get training in this field and the information available from this training centre.
On the other hand, the HNYM has announced to all the districts of Bri u Hynniewtrep to hold a public hearing on the 27th of this month starting from Motphran. were present on this occasion to discuss the issues of Khasi youth.
“This is the biggest tournament that Meghalaya will ever host and the tournament will also be part of the 50th anniversary of independence,” said Conrad K Sangma. by welcoming 2,000 athletes from their respective states to come to Meghalaya.
Acknowledging the need to educate the public on climate change, to learn more about the promising environment and also to promote tourism, the Minister said, “We The Climate Change Museum in Shillong will be the first in South Asia.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 24 cases, including 4 cases in Pyndengrei Cluster, 12 cases in Screening Purpose, 4 cases in Umthied Bynther Cluster and 3 cases in Upper New Nongstoin Cluster.
In fact, these buses have been awarded to contractors for the purpose of operating and transporting passengers in the city but why do they stay on such a day especially when the government has already announced that the public should leave the city? CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing said that the government will not support the curfew.
He said that this is his job and he earns a living from this job which he has been doing until now. He said that he has a small herbal garden where he grows plants. They are medicines but most of them have to be found in the mountains.
After many questions arose in her mind, Urmila, being illiterate and only a domestic servant, was guided by a friend who helped her how to deposit money in the bank to meet the officers of the bank where the account is kept.
Two AICC leaders, Mukul Wasnik and CP Joshi, have conducted interviews with all Congress leaders in the state following the turmoil within the party.
If I appoint an assistant, I will pay a salary of only 10,000 tyngka.
If we can produce 200 tons per acre, the production of rice in Khasi-Jaintia will be about 3 million tyngka.
We also see that not only the indigenous states like Naga, Mizoram, Meghalaya and others have emerged from Assam but many states in India have emerged from two or three states from one state. rim.
Thousands of indigenous people gathered at the Veterinary Square in Khanapara on Sunday to demand the abolition of the Scheduled Tribe status of those indigenous people in Assam who have converted. .
He said that he will be with Bormanding Nonglang at all times and whatever Bormanding decides he will agree with.
This is not only to sell these products in the state, in the country but around the world.
After this, Ajay initially joined the Gorkha Association and his season with the team was from 1979-80, in the 1981 season the authorities Blue Max were able to sign him and play until the 1985 season.
Keynote speaker at the programme, Bah Marbaniang said that the main purpose of the program is to protect the rights of children who suffer in their daily lives.
However, in the same year, the team was relegated from the I-League and has four years to return to the league along with Delhi FC. Neitho joined the Ryntih Football Club and played in the Second Division League, but the team did not qualify for the I-League.
In his speech, the Chief Superintendent of Police said that in the past few months, more than 140 robbers have been arrested and charged under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act. ) Act.
After the landslide, the relevant teams have launched an operation to clear the landslide from the highway as soon as possible to release the stranded vehicles.
Nongstoiñ: The fourth pre quarter final of the Rani Motor's Knock Out Football Tournament (RMKOFT) will be played today between Kith United FC and Ryntih FC. .The match between the two teams will start at 2:00 PM at Mawkynjoin Laitkseh Stadium and the fourth Pre Quarter Final will be a very interesting match. .
Here we understand that there is an injustice in relation to coal and instead of the state benefiting, it loses.
When the opposition demanded that the President should open the new dorbar, the leaders of the opposition parties looked closely at the issue and They have decided not to take part in the opening ceremony, the source said.
However, it is worth mentioning that besides the cemeteries that the Hima Mylliem has given to the Christian churches, there are also cemeteries that have been given to the villages where Pa'iem Ricky has not asked for any explanation. they get a grave and how much money they pay to get a grave.
The whole world is in turmoil, Because of the Covid(19) Nineteen;
Daeihiwotmi Phawa of Seiñ Jait Tuber Higher Secondary School and Thehlut Sana of Seinraij BR UP School won the Best Athlete award in the Under-14 Boys category.
A man of courage, He doesn't give up while he's alive; He doesn't change his foundation, He sheds blood on the battlefield.
Jowai, Nailur 23: The U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy Super Division Football Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today. Ladthadlaboh have reached the final after beating 7-0 Wasa.
Kharbani said that if the council tries to introduce new measures as the party suggested on that day, it will also be a discouragement for foreigners to come into the country. of us because they no longer have Trading and Labor License.
Speaking and present were Bah Albinus Lyngdoh, Member of the Raid Umket Dorbar, and others.
In a statement issued by the Commissioner & Secretary of the Home Department, Meghalaya, the department will be headed by an officer holding the rank of Addl.DGP or Inspector General of Police. The IGP and its headquarters are in Shillong.
Tommy Lamare scored the third goal in the 69th minute.
However, Bah Blah said that the Rangbah Shnongs who were present with the elderly like Bah SD Khongwir replied to the Governor that in one kriah soh there may be rotten soh and there are also broken soh. good.
The union said that the Tribunal has banned the installation of parking bridges by private individuals and that the government should manage these parking bridges.
) through the middle language “Sohra” has united the Jaitbynriew which has its own dialects of villages and regions.
This counts the school as a continuation from pre-school, primary, upper primary, secondary to senior level.
Outsiders especially outside the constituency are prohibited from entering the village or their homes without permission from the Dorbar Shnong during the MLA Election
In the course of time, many of the things that our ancestors used to do have been forgotten.
According to the investigation, all six of these syrnot were issued by the DTO, Gene Kelly.
There have been 96,551 new cases of Covid-19 in India and 1,209 deaths in the past 24 hours.
The Meghalaya High Court through a Single Bench of Justice HS Thangkhiew on 5th November 2022 and a Division Bench comprising Chief Justice Sanjib Banarjee and Justice W. Diengdoh on 22nd November 2023 has repealed the order issued by the State Government on 23rd October 2021 and also the provisions of the Meghalaya State Education Policy 2018 which prohibits college teachers teaching in Aided Institutions or Colleges receiving assistance from A group of teachers including Brightstarwell Marbaniang, Dr. Batskhem Myrboh and others have filed a complaint against the Government.
"It's really exciting and captivating to be able to join Paris St-Germain," he said, adding that it is one of the biggest clubs in the world, with players who appearance of the world and that I can no longer wait to start a new path.
In our Khasi country, the ancient people were very clean and were known for their cleanliness.
Among all the villages in the Nongtrai area, the oldest are Hawei and Mawsmai.
Thus, the Indian team improved their style of play and started to harass the Korean defense which produced a clean result for the team when Soreng managed to tied the ball. the ball and slotted it straight into the net for giving the team a one-goal lead.
KSU Dehradun Unit also held a Freshers' Meet in which KSU-CEN President Lambokstarwell Marngar was the Chief Guest and Mily Rabon was the Symbud Guest. Students from other states of the North East including Mizoram, Nagaland and others were also present.
“I urge the executive committee to take action by visiting the areas in Ri Bhoi so that the Council's income will not increase,” said Bah Nongsiej.
Besides the cash prizes and prizes, the Dorbar Shnong also honored the youths from the village who have won various medals in the sports competitions organized by the State or the Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association.
At the same time, the Minister informed that under the JJM, the State has received the award as the best performer State by the Ministry of Jal Shakti besides receiving cash prizes.
Also present at the meeting were the President of AITC Meghalaya State Unit, Charles Pyngrope, the Leader of the Opposition, Dr. Mukul Sangma and the Superintendent of AITC Meghalaya, Dr. Manas Ranjan Bhunia.
Rgh Kynham was born on 1st July 1959 and has held this post since its inception in 1991 and continues today.
This goal is to reach every student,” he added.
Of these, 200 have been selected for the Elite Pathway Program and only 12 have been selected for the Super Elite Pathway Programme.
Before entering the new year, we would like to remind the people that if they want change, they must start from themselves and not from others.
The cash prize for the winners will be T.10,0
Meghalaya in the past 50 years, has been the only state that has collected from the central government any job to meet the needs of the state from food, drink, projects, development works.
They said that if the use of plastic is banned, it will make it difficult for them to sell meat and fish as they are water sources and especially if the people buy blood meat.
But now I Bah don't have any more, you too have your own shop and I'll take that shop.
According to him, these vendors tan and carry back the goods from the hospitals.
The Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government will honor the second place winners of the Santosh Trophy. deadline: October 10, 2023.
The Association through this message invites the residents of Bri U Hynniewtrep from the village headmen, civil society, intellectuals, associations, prominent people and the public to attend this rally against they are wild animals who take the life of wicked souls.
The example seen from the road in Baghmara and Sibbari shows that there has been a lack of working methods for these new post bording. posts.
Besides the leaders of the Forum, various political parties from Ri-Lum Jaintia including HYC, KSU, JSU, NHP, NGOs, Village Leaders, Elaka Leaders, Sur u The meeting included Bah Rastingwel Thabah, Chairman, Bah Thomas Passah and others.
“In my life as a beekeeper, I have never seen before and I have always seen that in other places it has happened that fish have died.
A total of 31 participants attended.
From All India Radio to Don Bosco Point, there is no flyover if the Government does not allow it.
Services has won the 76th Men's National Football Championship seven times for the Santosh Trophy, and this time it has qualified for the tournament.
Shillong: U MDC of Rambrai-Jyrngam, Bah Bajop Pyngrope, today praised the National People's Party (NPP) for being the only party that has never been heard of. that there be no strife among my leaders.
Shillong: Donboklang Kharjana, a young player of Kick Start Football Coaching Center Shillong, has been selected at FC Madras Academy, Senthil Nagar, Chennai for training. in the sports industry.
After a while, the Ri Bhoi Police came and started talking to the Assam Police and tried to talk to them, but only the KSU leaders were allowed to leave. and RBYF, to go to the village.
This Act is one of the manifestos of the RSS, VHP and Bajrang Dal which is still in force today.
In the first leg, Umsalait SC beat One Soul Utd (Pdengkarong) 5-1
The three arrested policemen include Sub Inspector (SI) Sudarshan Sangma, Constable Claipson M Marak and Constable Basant Lama. All these three persons are from Mawryngkneng Police Station.
Earlier, Nangkiew Irat had 10 points while Langsning had 18 points, but with the victory today, Nangkiew are now in third place with 13 points.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday heard a PIL filed by the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai against the State Government. They reported that they have already selected a temporary garbage dump and the transportation of garbage has started in Jowai.
“This year, the state government has allocated only T.47 crore for this department, while the need is great,” he said.
Several Sying farmers in Ri Bhoi District have expressed their concern over the kilo cut by these Sying buyers, which has caused them to suffer a huge loss.
Perhaps there could have been more but because of not coming to complain, they remained unknown.
She also congratulated the training team for their efforts to help the youth prepare for their future.
They also demanded to provide jobs under the MGNREGA scheme for 200 days and to increase the salaries of the workers under the scheme.
On the other hand, the Jirang MLA extended his special thanks to the government, health workers, government officers from various departments and including the Dorbar Shnongs, Village Leaders, the people. The MLA feels that only a meeting can bring victory against the COVID-19 pandemic, he added.
Speaking to reporters after leaving the office of the DM&HO, Shembor Langrin, President of the HYC Mawthadraishan Circle, said that since the doctor is gone, the nurses and staff at the PHC have been working together. Those who were injured were sent to Mairang Civil Hospital.
Neha, who shot the ball, didn't reach Kajol, who scored the goal with a header.
The family members of the bus did not know the name of the driver of the bus but they only seized the plate number and the incident has been reported to the police. They said that today they went to the Sadar police station to ask whether the police have arrested the driver so that they can talk about the incident but the police said that they have not arrested him yet. The incident took place between 2:30 and 3:00 pm this afternoon.
According to Rijiju, the country has wasted public money to hold the dorbar because of the Congress's involvement and billions of rupees have been wasted and it is the duty of the government to inform the people of the country about this. Congress's plan is to smoke.
After the Cabinet meeting on Tuesday, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma said that the Office Memorandum (OM) of the Personnel Department on the recruitment and reservation roster has been approved.
Shillong: The Mawlai Mawroh Youth Wing (MYW) has held a cleanliness drive on the Lummawsing River at Umsohkhlur village of Mawlai Mawroh village on the 12th November 2020 which started at 10 am.
“The family of Bah Cherish and the Sur ka Bri u Hynniewtrep group have strong hope that Subir Sangma who has now been appointed as Investigating Officer (IO) will bring an investigation. which pleases the household and the people.
Shillong: The JSU War Jaintia Circle, today, seized goods smuggled from Bangladesh and intended to be smuggled into the Indian market.
The All Manipur Christian Organization (AMCO) on the 14th of this month held a public awareness campaign on the harmful effects of Manipur and how it has affected the society of Manipur.
So you see this long time relationship that he wanted to meet me on the morning of October 3rd and we had a drink and greeted each other.
Tbn.Bidis said that Tbn.Amos said that this work should not be disturbed, and should be allowed because God above knows this.
Saiden Secondary School U-17 team from Ri Bhoi District has reached the quarter final after losing 1-0 to NCC, Mizoram. .
On the same day, the President of the Circle also launched the party song composed by Pynbianglut Wanshnong.
he said, “I have not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance” (Matthew 9:13).
With the intention of improving the supply of electricity through this method, the government will provide a subsidy of 70% for private households and 50% for schools, hospitals, hotels and other institutions.
Richard Hecht, a spokesman for the Israeli army, said today that civilians should cross the Rafah border and go to Egypt, but later, the army said, that they have now closed, the corridor and now, no one can enter or leave, Gaza.
The group demanded that the Governor should not give the approval but should suspend it and hold MDC elections as before.
This finding of the Seng shows clearly that the department has deceived and thanked the Seng not only to the Seng but to the people of the village who live in Siejlieh. According to the information received by the department, they used to take them outside to break but the union found that they broke near the rivers and burned near the places. of the people.
“Regarding the election of MPs, you should forget about party affiliation and elect an MP who can stand for you.
How many times do you drink tea and how many times a day?
HS Shylla has given six months to those who have given their father's birth to change their mother's birth.
Jowai, Jymmang 18 : The Dorbar Shnong of Namdong-A West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday honored Alexander Lyngdoh, the winner of the State Level Arm Wrestling Championship Shillong, an arm wrestler from Namdong-A Village who won the first place in the 70kg Class.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District, said this and assured the public that they are looking into the matter.
After the arrest of the suspect, the residents of the area have seized the vehicle and handed it over to the Byrnihat Police Outpost for further investigation. against these robbers so that the police can conduct investigation and arrest more of these others who escaped.
He said that the target is to complete the project by
This was announced by S.Nongtnger, Superintendent of Police, Shillong.
There are many Prime Ministers who have a lot of work to campaign for others but they win. That's why I always say that we should not work only in the five months before the elections but to work every year in the San years”, said Bah Metbah Shuh. He also expressed his confidence that as it is now, there is no doubt that he will win again because in this election he did not contest alone but he contested with the people. of Mairang Constituency.
It is to be recalled that Bah kynsing, Bah Banteidor, when he contested from the NPP and Bah Banteidor from the PDF, received a lot of criticism during the election, but as soon as the election ended, when Bah Banteidor won, he joined the party. After the NPP Sengkmie dissolved the NPP Mawkynrew Block, they expressed their dissatisfaction, but they had to wait for what the leaders did.
The school also aims to provide services to the children of the surrounding village.
The TMC MLAs who won the election are four including Dr. Mukul Sangma, former Chief Minister, Charles Pyngrope, former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Miani D Shira. He is the son of Dr. Mukul Sangma, Dr. Rupa M. Marak and Dr. Mizanur Rahman Kazi.
Besides, the Dorbar Shnong of Lakroh Amlarem Subdivision has also lodged a complaint against these two Sengbhalang leaders together with their colleagues from Muktapur. village leader.
As a sign of protest against the central government's decision to implement the ILP, CoMSO in Meghalaya has burnt down the tynshop of the Prime Minister, the Minister of Home Affairs and The Congress MLA from Assam has also been arrested in Meghalaya.
The National Green Tribunal (NGG) has banned coal mining in the state on 17th June
Up to 3986 teachers participated in the survey and also gave their understanding and how to control tobacco.
It should not be too far from the Shillong – Guwahati highway.
“We demand that the central government should not collect taxes that affect the poor,” he added.
Besides, we have received information that these people have illegally occupied this area without the consent of the Cantonment Board, Shillong Municipal Board or any relevant authorities,” said the Seng leader.
Marngar asked whether if a foreigner is arrested in Jaïaw; “The question now is whether the police chiefs will walk to the border if the Khasi people are killed in the border areas.
According to Charles Marngar, there are many groups who oppose the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Meghalaya and Assam, in the first phase to resolve the border dispute in The village and Hima leaders have also been prompted to appeal against the soskular to the Supreme Court.
Other Meghalaya players who played well were Ahireeta Mukherjee (2/34), Luiza Tamang (2/39) and Debasmita Dutta (1/36).
On the other hand, JSM (CB) President Samla Leningstar Rymbai gave a warning and urged all the students to free themselves from the influence of Social Media, so that they can complete their studies. duties in reading.
“You should also inquire from the Elaka and Village Authorities how they issue NOC to these factories to stand up,” the DC told the ECC leaders.
The Seng said that this incident has shocked and shocked not only the parents but the entire Hynniewtrep people.
They urged the drivers not to follow the sirens of vehicles lest they cause tragic incidents while driving.
Also present on the occasion were Rijied Khymdeit, Phondar Syiem, Regina Lamo, Lucyvia Wahlang, Joycy Mary Kharnaior, Jenewel Khongliam, Babel Marsing and others.
The issue of relocation of Them Mator in Them Mawlong which has been decided and approved by the MDA-1 government to be relocated immediately without delay at that time but now it has been more than five (5) years. without reaching anywhere.
East Garo Hills has 21 new cases, East Jaintia Hills 3, East Khasi Hills 151, Ichamati 8, Golflink 7, Laitumkhrah 7, Mawlai 17, Mawryngkw 4 cases from Nongkrem, 6 cases from Nongmynsong, 4 cases from Nongrim Hills, 5 cases from Nongthymmai.
Maharashtra has 10.7 lakh cases, followed by Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Uttar Pradesh.
The sports athletes of West Jaintia Hills District will leave Jowai on the morning of 13th July,
When it comes to government jobs in Meghalaya, many have lost hope because of the shortage of jobs.
However, due to the deterioration of the hostel, it had to be closed in
On behalf of the office of the DMO, Jowai, Ma M Syrti said that his office has the authority to accept the challans and if found sufficient they send them to the Directorate and the Directorate sends them back to the DC to issue the certificate. .
Meghalaya is one of the best states in implementing the smart city project,” said Sniawbha.
We have been deprived of many generations now and we need to fix this by turning back,” said Morcha President Rakkhi Sangma.
Now that our MP has taken a major role in the implementation of the PMGSY, it is through her advice and follow-up that this program and scheme has succeeded. “It's my view that the works have gone smoothly,” said Conrad.
“We will continue our protest and demands until the government gives Gorkhaland its own state.
He said that the Council has already submitted all the documents in reply to the RTI request by the HYNF. We have already responded to the RTI and what they found during the recent inspection,” he said.
The program to conclude the celebration of the Seng Kut Snem will be with the participation of the youth who will perform songs, dances, music and phawar.
Dipendu Biswas, technical director of Mohammedan SC, said that the hosting of the Durand Cup in Assam and Meghalaya will help promote football in the Northeast. ), in which he said that the love for football in these two states is the most famous and amazing in India.
The department opens the door for Folk and Tribal Cultural Troupes, Artists, Craft Persons and others to participate in festivals, workshops and programs held in the state and other parts of the country. .
(4) The smartphone does not work without a network.
The incident occurred when a pickup truck heading from Rajiv Nagar to Marpara collided with a truck in the West. Phaileng, Mamit district.
The Son of God is grace and truth John 1:1
Chairman of the party Novembirth Marak and Commander-in-Chief Singbirth Marak will also be present on the occasion.
Conrad said that the Chief Minister of Assam has requested the Meghalaya government to fix a new date on which these Chief Ministers will visit the areas in the state. before they start the second phase of peace talks.
(NEEPCO) Shillong, to North Eastern Region Agriculture Marketing Corporation (NERAMC) Guwahati, North Eastern Regional Institute of Science and Technology (NERIST) Itanagar, Regional Institute of Paramedical and Nursing Sciences (RIPNS) Aizawl, North Eastern Regional Institute of Water and Land Management (NERIWLM) Tezpur, ka Lokpriya Gopinath Bordoloi Regional Institute of Mental Health (LGBRIMH), Tezpur, North Eastern Space Application Center (NESAC) Shillong, Bhubaneswar Borooah Cancer Institute, Regional Dental College (BBCIRD) Guwahati (RNC) Nursing Guwahati, Regional Institute of Pharmaceutical Science and Technology (RIPST) Agartala and Cane and Bamboo Technology Center (CBTC) at Guwahati.
Kolkata: A 28-year-old man from Paschim Midnapore district of West Bengal on Friday was arrested for allegedly stabbing his wife to death after she gave birth to a child. my wife.
The funeral was held at the Cantonment Beat House in the presence of relatives, leaders of HANM Women Wing's and police.
Justice Katakey has already looked into the matter and set a time limit for responding to the order of the Supreme Court and NGT. lakh metric tonnes were produced in the state during the year.
On Saturday, Mawpdang SC will play against Pynthorbah SC at 3:30 pm, while Lummawbah SC will play against Riatsamthiah SC at 5:30 pm.
The ceremony was held at the Auditorium Hall, CTI, Umpher Byrnihat. The MLA of Jowai Constituency and Chairman of MCCL, Bah Wailadki Shylla was the chief guest. The students were in the presence of Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun, Jirang MDC Victor Rani and other NPP party leaders, Principals and teachers from various schools. and they came to Byrnehath.
In that final match, the mistake that Carlos made in the match was to miss his symbol in order to score the goal in the third match and from that mistake, he The player has strengthened his form until the 79th minute to score the winning goal against Stefanos in the four matches between the two.
There are some bad habits that can affect the health of the teeth.
Bah Sokon is happy that his brother is bright and educated.
He said that as an MP he cannot do well without the support of the state government and the party.
Speaking on the issue of aid distribution, she said that this nation of ours is a nation that has the spirit of helping others and for that reason no matter how poor or suffering we are, we don't give up. It is seen that the Khasi are like other foreign nations.
For the year 2020-2021, 63 WSHGs have implemented the same scheme (convergence NREGS) and have received T.84 lakh.
The first thing I taught him was to write in English by dictation so that I could know his knowledge.
In Delhi, the Congress has been in power for more than 50 years, and in Assam, too.
Speeches were delivered by Pastor DP Pariat and others and the meeting ended with the lowering of the flag.
The incident occurred a day after the MDC of the area, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, alleged that the MLA in the past had promised to build a doctor's school in the area but now he intends not to. bring the people who live in Themmawlong Market.
On the other hand, the students who passed the Grade IV examination have requested the government to take action on this plight and to grant them the right to be employed.
Bah Kharpor also urged the leaders not to hesitate to meet with the disabled, because as human beings they have many shortcomings that they need to convey to their leaders.
In a letter sent to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Mansukh Mandaviya on 1st October, the Prime Minister stressed that NEIGRIHMS has become the most important health facility in Meghalaya. also support other neighboring states in the North East.
The KHADC has also ordered the Chief Forest Officer to pay 1 lakh tyngka per month out of the 5 lakh tyngka that he was fined as the head of the Forest Department.
Mr Chesnal Manar, Village Headman
Rophul, who resigned as Parliamentary Secretary, in the past few days, has announced that he will contest the MP election this time. Mukul Sangma's government has been working hard.
Blessed are those who are diligent in reading, that they may know the season.
We want to mention this in the Act because what we do will be in accordance with the rules of the Act,” said the Deputy CEM. including the Clan Bill.
Shillong, March 14: U Bah W Lytan, a photographer, who was injured in a car accident on Tuesday, has returned to Shillong today.
The question to the Minister C&RD Block Incharge was also asked, “Will the benefits of the people be destroyed? Soon, the party will send a letter to the Minister.
He said the company has been asked to install better cameras in the city.
Although the production company has faced many challenges and obstacles, this has not stopped its journey in Hollywood.
However, in 1957, when he contested and won from the Cherra (Sohra) Constituency, which included the Shella area, he contested and won as an Independent.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Thursday said it hopes for the best from the peace talks with the government, but the party cannot confirm how far the talks will go. will be successful.
Dr Sangma also urged the Defense Minister to release the relief as soon as possible for those people affected by the natural disasters in Garo Hills in the past months.
Regarding the insults, the insults are not only against the government ministers, but these days, we journalists are insulted every day and if we listen to their speeches, I'm sorry, I've stopped writing; but if you look closely, you see that these are writings that are written in poetry and that you should read only to get an idea.
To address the issue of water supply, the CM said that the state government has taken many measures supported through foreign projects and the Ministry of Hydropower, Government of India.
“We love life and we want to ensure that we live for generations to come,” says the Earth 300 website.
The ceremony was attended by Bah Aiban Swer, Director of Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MBDA) as the Chief Guest.
Giving a full account in the House, the Prime Minister said that the expenditure of T.399 crore is for the expenditure on the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and which is not related to health, but for the sake of Covid -1
ACHIK leader Balkarin Ch Marak was found dead at Bansamgre village on the old road from Tura to Williamnagar.
Shillong, Lber 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Friday said that he will hold talks with Defense Minister Amit Shah regarding the peace talks with the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC). ).
“The surprising thing is that there are no police in the area where I came from, this shows that the police are more afraid of violence than the residents and visitors,” said Deborah Marak. of the week.
It is understood that Pynshngain's speech against the EC has been politically provocative, as most of the time the chairman should not speak to the EC, but he can seek information from the CEM if he wants. something.
The elders of the village after visiting the body immediately informed the police and the police also came to the scene to conduct a thorough investigation. The cause of the incident is unknown but it is suspected that the young woman committed suicide.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah Sniawbhalang said both the committees will start working for the second round of boundary talks to be held soon.
Some BJP leaders have exposed those corruption cases and thereafter, the ED has started investigation to find out the facts.
Shillong, Nailur 17: SS Umtong has been the winner of the Arts and Culture Program 2013-2014 organized by the Good Shepherd HS School, Jongksha. Holy Cross SS Mawkynrew won the third prize.
So the answer is "Science is doing"
One of the things that happened was that it didn't happen.
Once the leaders are caught in the trap, they feel sorry for the people who are suffering.
Other activities of the organization will also be discussed.
If you have any questions about the price, or if you have any questions, please contact the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Khasi Hills District.
“The government will also take steps to hold talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Union Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman,” he said.
It is indeed a great shame and disgrace to our state that it has turned into such a great job of our nation.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Friday congratulated Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA North Shillong for introducing the Bill. Quota Seats to Higher Academic Course Bill, 2023 The Bill relates to the allocation of seats for higher education such as doctors, engineers and others from the allocation of the Central Government for the State.
Thus, the rainy season is a time of trouble with the outbreak of wars and conflicts and this has already begun in the Middle East.
The ECC said that even those who have received CTOs have not yet received the necessary documents from various departments before marketing the rnga. factory according to law.
The leaders of these organizations also met the CM at the office of the Deputy Commissioner West Jaintia Hills.
The awareness campaign was given to the members of the Village Covid Management Committee of Kyndongtuber, religious leaders, President and Secretary of the Village Organization Kyndongtuber. R.Inbuon, Medical and Health Officer Mynso PHC. After the briefing, there was also a discussion with the participants who asked many questions and their questions were explained by the doctors.
It takes about 25-28 days for the rice skum to turn into fertilizer when applied along with fertilizers and other ingredients which should be mixed and applied in the following manner and proportion:1
Shillong, Naitung 15: The strike of those who passed the Gram Sevek examination has reached its third day and today one of them has been admitted to hospital after suddenly becoming ill and was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital.
According to sources, on Friday at about 5 PM, while the IRBn (Wangnyam Bosai) was on duty, these two NSCN members were shot dead. They also attacked him with an AK 47 rifle and shot him.
In a statement, the nine political parties JSM-CB, MPUF-CGB, RJYF-CB, KSU-KC, JYF-EJH, AJYWO-EJZ, HNYF-EJZ, HANM-JHU and JSU-MEC said that The DC of East Jaintia Hills District has promised to send a letter to the government on their demands.
He said that the union has taken this step because of the lack of trust, lack of attention of the NHAI, which has acted unfairly and silently and does not understand the problems of the people. The collapse of the road has severely affected the traffic of the people who used to pass through this NH road in East Jaintia Hills District.
The meeting to listen to the views and speeches of the people in 23 constituencies will start on the 21st of this month and end on the 15th of November.
And he taught them in parables, saying,
Bansharailang said that the curfew in the state has affected the livelihood of the people especially the people who come from poor families and at this time the government should have a spirit of compassion for the people. village of the state.
Chapter 2 – The Young Foreigner in Laremshyiap, War Jaintia.
These families also said that in these days of last month, due to the strong wind, they had to remove the tin which could have fallen and caused injury.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 4 cases including 2 cases of high risk and 2 cases of random sampling and in South Garo Hills, there is one case of high risk.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: The Indian Air Force (IAF) has started using a fire fighting helicopter in Nagaland. The highest mountain in Nagaland is Mount Japfu, which is about 3 kilometers above sea level.
The MLA inaugurated the house in the presence of Assistant Parish Priest of St. Paul Parish, Fr Jenis Nongneng, Babu Catechist M Kharpuri, Archbishop S Kharkongor, Tymmen Basan P Kurkalang, Village Leaders, Village Leaders, and the leaders of the Mylliem Them Welfare Organization.
Joe Biden has won 264 electoral votes against Donald Trump's 214 votes.
The state needs peace and that will be achieved and sustained if we stand together as citizens of the state, without discriminating against anyone just because of ethnic differences.
Money is the medium of exchange that almost everyone accepts.
Devijune, who has been on hunger strike since the 23rd of this month, has been on hunger strike for three days, but this morning he suddenly woke up and was taken to Civil Hospital Shillong at 10 am this morning. .
He said that the untimely release of the allocation has made it difficult for the Council to meet the requirements.
He said that on the day of the death of Bah Lurshai, all the four political parties, many political parties and the leaders of the ruling party, which had promised not to allow shalan anymore, not to allow stones to foreigners, but until These days, even after the Hima has come to power, foreigners can mine stone while the paradoh para snam are killed.
The HYC believes that the government has not yet thought out how to prevent the spread of this disease, has not been prepared, has only distributed ration and ration by the MLAs through the MLA scheme and to purchase protective equipment.
“On this day, the students demanded to suspend the results of the 2nd Semester until the Grading System is implemented and to review the results of the semesters according to the Grading System.
While Delhi Chief Minister and AAP advisor Arvind Kejriwal said Singh's arrest was illegal, Bihar Chief Secretary Tejashwi Yadav said the BJP's arrest was illegal. They have put pressure on the national organizations that do the right thing.
It will depend on the first round of the discussion, what we will discuss and if it is appropriate to sign, then we will sign, perhaps there are still detailed parts that we have not yet signed in the round. the first one will probably still take some time," he said.
A team of rescue personnel including Navy, NDRF and SDRF today recovered the second body of a coal miner who was buried alive in a coal mine at Krem Ule, Umpleng East Jaintia Hills District.
A Government which does not have the slightest respect for the land has no right to hold power,” said Bannerjee.
TREATMENT AND BENEFITS OF PIG FARM Pig farming is one of the most profitable occupations because of all the pigs, only the pig is the fastest to grow and gives birth to many piglets at a time. he was born for two years.
Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh NPP Candidate from Mawhati said that my wish is to develop the community of our area, because after the state has turned 50 years but the sad thing is that Mawhati is lagging behind. Mawhati is the most backward and after I have visited and entered these areas I have found that it is true. is to provide a fair, humble and selfless service to the people of Mawhati and the nation as a whole.
He came from a poor family and could not continue his education but he dropped out of school part-time in 2007 when he was in class X.Haba When asked what he was doing now, he said, 'I'm going to work as much as I can in the village.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said, “Manipur is currently in a very difficult situation due to the outbreak of unrest and there are many reasons for this, so the Government of India will have to find a solution. all the ways and means to do something immediately".
Police from Jhalupara OP, accompanied by police chiefs, rushed to the scene.
On the other hand, DUA and Nongpoh Town Committee also held a tree planting ceremony and a rally with Indian flags before the Independence Day celebrations.
Samuel Sangma has contested four times as MLA from Dalu (2003 and 2008) and from Baghmara in 2013 and
You are accompanied by Dr. Mawthoh in various election campaign meetings in Ri Lum Jaintia by MLAs including Ministers, MDCs from UDP and NPP including the Chief Executive Member and Chairman of JHADC The victory was because the people did not listen fully to their MLAs and MDCs but gave their decision freely and according to their understanding.
He added that as a member of the Ri-Bhoi Regional Committee, he is well aware of the problems faced by the residents.
The complaint also stated that the accused (Gokhale) was recently arrested by the Gujarat State Police for spreading false news related to the tragic incident in the State of Gujarat.
Shillong, Jymmang 24 : U MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah PT Sawkmie, has congratulated the government especially the High Power Committee (HPC) headed by the Chief Minister, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh for deciding to appoint an inquiry into the IITs. from other states and not from IIT Rorkee to find out the reason and facts why the Dome of the Assembly which was built on the central building of the new Assembly building at Mawdiangdiang collapsed.
The floods have also affected the school on Thursday when the school was flooded due to the heavy rainfall.
Md Mahmadul Islam: He has only issued a Birth Certificate in 2022 although he was born in the following year in
Please call me on this number if you receive this sms.
There are about 17,000 voters in Laitkroh constituency.
“My choice for KHNAM is a party that fights for the problems of the people especially the violence against the jaidbynriew these days,” he said.
She highlighted the work done by the University in trying to improve the education of the youth in this state and from other states as well.
In class XII, Susanna Bessy Siangbud and Wansame Pakynteiñ.
Shillong: Leaders of the Khasi Jaintia Butcher Welfare Association (KJBWA) today met with the DC Nongpoh regarding the lack of good cows. Speaking to Rupang, Bah Generous said that the Veterinary Department used to sell sohskhor, but it was surprising for them to know that the cows used to sell sohskhor. The thied maki is made of one kind of sohshkor, while the cows that go outside are made of another kind of sohshkor.
The 5th Zonal Youth Convention of the Shillong Archdiocese is a gathering of five parishes including Umkadhor, Byrnihat, Nongpoh, Umden and Umsiang Parish in Ri Bhoi District. Thousands of youths have come to witness this tournament which started on the 12th of July and ended on Sunday at on the 14th of July.
Dr. Nonglait said that after that, the party has met with the Chief Minister and informed him to send a request (as the party has done) to the Central Government to introduce an Official Bill. On this issue in the last Dorbar Tlang of Parliament, the Prime Minister promised this.
They do not care about the health, loss of soil, displacement and death of the inhabitants if uranium is mined.
Although the morning curfew has been lifted, the DC's order has stated that it is prohibited to gather in large numbers and the public should respect and follow the rules of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare when people go outside for shopping. leftovers.
New Delhi, Naitung 31: The price of petrol has risen by 70 paise per liter today, the fourth increase in the past two months. the price increase in the Petrol market.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Following the reports in a Khasi newspaper, which accused the head of the Catholic Church, the faithful of the Catholic Church, have sought condolences for Pope Francis with their prayers. Special prayer today, 26th June, 2014, at the Cathedral of Mary Help of Christians, Lait Umkhrah, Shillong.
It is on this basis that the contractors who have constructed these schools, have done as they please and the construction has been complete and slow.
Bah Bor Diengdoh was also honored as the Senior Vice-President of the MSOA and for his outstanding contribution to football in India for many years.
Speaking to reporters, Rakkam acknowledged that many colleges have expressed that they are not ready or willing to implement the NEP 2020 this year.
However, the shortcomings of the O.M. dated 10.05.2022, according to points 2 and 3 mentioned above, this O.M. dated 14.06.2023, has not been corrected.
On this occasion, awards were also distributed to the winners of various competitions held earlier in the month leading up to the celebration of the Meghalayan Age.
At the Congress meeting on the issue, it was said that the meeting confirmed Bah PN Syiem as CEM and denied that there was a misunderstanding by admitting that it is the party's household business. .
Police also urged the residents to remain peaceful inside the village and not to insult each other.
Give the name of our group to the media and we will not stop doing our work,” the mail was sent to all the courts of India.
He also congratulated Bah Charles Marngar who spoke in the House on the need for cinema for filmmakers, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of State who promised to provide halls, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh as Minister of State. He expressed his support for Khasi films while speaking at the 1Meghalaya International Film Festival recently.
The Forum prays that God will bless you all.
Perhaps it points more to the corruption of the people in the political party for their own benefit in their political career by playing with the country and the nation especially now that the Election, 2023 has started. .
After the speech of Dr P.Lyngkhoi, the rally started from the square to the center of Nongstoin to Ladweitang to the gate of the Deputy Commissioner's Office of West Khasi Hills. They wrote words of condemnation against the wicked and a demand for punishment and imprisonment for life.
Speeches were also delivered by other Congress leaders who explained their views and explained the principles of the Congress party to the people to support Bah Batskhem. to elect him as the Leader of the Mairang Constituency.
Shillong, Naitung 09: On Saturday, 9th November, 2013, a group of youths who used to earn a living by driving motorcycles and two wheelers through a company known as rapido ki They expressed their dissatisfaction with the ban of the Regional Transport Authority (RTA) from operating through this industry as it is against the provisions of the Motor Vehicle Act
T.62.37 crore has been allocated for the Mushroom Mission for five years.
This was stated in response to a question by the Chief Minister of Assam on a question by BJP MLA Bidya Sing Engleng. you are from the West Caribbean.
However, at the same time, he warned that if the passage of the Bill is delayed, the KHADC will not hesitate to convene a public meeting of the people to force its passage.
However, it was noticed that today at the invitation of the Prime Minister, one of the raitoi who is a rickshaw driver in Delhi came to open the Council.
The party urged the village leaders to cooperate with the party so that peace and order will prevail in the village.
“All the (MLAs) have agreed with this decision of the government.
He said the main reason for this is the incident which happened on 31st November 2021, when a man from Umphrup village, a village in the Smit area, came to eat at. but after a few words of food, he collapsed and died at home that same night.
Shillong, June 12: The Shillong High Court under the judgment of Judge AM Ripnar has sentenced Mehboob Ansari to life imprisonment and a fine of 25,000 tyngka. his murder of a little boy.
The meeting was also attended by the Principal Scientist and Head of MFB Division, Kochi Dr MM Prasad, BDO, Project Director of DRDA, Bah DM Wallang.
Ed through NIOS.The Court held that the D.El.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that a meeting with the employees of 108 today was to ensure that the newly appointed penny company should not be operated by severance and other allowances benefit employees.
This vision of his has greatly affected the spirit of fellowship.
They also discussed the parking lot for the vehicles carrying goods from Pynursla, where they demanded to have adequate parking space for these vehicles and to demolish the old houses in the area. trade.
“Since the past, after the High Court overturned the powers of Rangbah Shnong, the state government has been planning to destroy us Rangbah Shnong. The Council (KHADC) has not empowered the Rangbah Shnongs,” said Dr Kharshiing.
At the end of the meeting, Hoping said the HSPDP will soon hold a meeting to discuss many of the differences.
However, as the central government has not been able to complete the resolution passed in the Assembly on the ILP, the railway line has been suspended,” said Bah Sawkmie.
As we have witnessed in the past few days, there have been many protests from the public (including public transport drivers, market dwellers and other citizens) against the excessive tax increase of The government has banned petrol/diesel and has also suspended the operation of commercial vehicles carrying passengers and goods to the markets to demand an immediate increase in the price of petrol. car.
“However, now, the people have complained that they don't have enough income,” he said.
Here in the nur-um, they lower, lower and turn the syrti upwards from where the water flows.
I urge you leaders of any group to do something about this or you political leaders even if the time is still right.
However, he said he has no doubt that the people will accept him after he has announced the principles.
The JSM also demanded that the government should not build a Border Out Post in Saba like Assam.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 18: A 24-year-old youth from Assam has died after his motorcycle overturned at Shangbangla near the NRL Petrol Pump. when he was about to go home.
The mountain rice is planted on the slopes of the mountains when the forests are cleared.
“We wish you all a happy Behdieñkhlam and this time due to the outbreak of COVID-19, we cannot violate the rules,” said OR Shallam while talking to reporters in the presence of Dolloi of Jowai District Puramon Kynjing. , to General Secretary Seinraij of Arwotki Sumer.
In the second half, Aibiangmame Nongneng (70') and Wansiewdor Nengnong (81') scored two more goals.
He also explained regarding the distribution of the FOCUS scheme to farmers who have registered and recognized by the government.
Samla Joiningstar Rongrin , said that from the beginning he was ready to collect sying to help his fellow farmers at a reasonable price to save the farmers and now he is ready to join hands with the farmers to get their rights Their.
It is estimated that these iit will cost £1,000 and will do all kinds of work, which requires more than mobile phones.
Theresia Lyngdoh, 68, of Riatsamthiah, died at Robert Hospital, Shillong while Supitda Ch Marak, 71, of Walbagre, West Garo Hills, died at Civil Hospital, Tura.
Samla Hubert Kharbani, President of the District Youth Congress Committee, said that the march should be a strong opposition to the bill proposed by the NDA government. The residents of Nongstoiñ area and the District as a whole, who are concerned and responsible for the jaidbynriew, to come out and participate on this day.
The Secretariat is a public place and the enforcement of Section 144 CrPC in this area is an act of violence. Khliehriat, November 6: The Khasi Student Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) has strongly condemned the actions of the Waheh Shnong of Thangskai. , who has certified a foreigner as a full resident of Thangskai, East Jaintia Hills District and through this foreigner has been able to study medicine (MBBS) from the department of Meghalaya, said that the party itself cannot accept this as a violation of the share of the state.
In the presence of the Nongkdait-Nongtwah IVCS in the second position in the State and the first in the South West Khasi Hills District, Bah Pius Marweiñ congratulated them for reaching this position. through their ability to work well together and be orderly in all respects.
Father and mother never forget to discipline and guide their children.
It is also prohibited to appoint, transfer, award contracts and it is also prohibited for the media (print, electronic, television, radio etc) to promote anyone and so on.
They are not fit to sit on the interview table.
On the other hand, the TMC candidates who have expressed their gratitude that the party has been able and confident in them as the candidates to contest the current election, have also expressed that they have the They aim to bring about change in their constituencies as well as in the District as a whole.
He explained the five pillars of “Aatmanirbhar Bharat” are income, infrastructure, modernization, ethnic diversity and strengthening demand.
“We have taken this 5 acre land from Ummulong village because it is very difficult for us to get land and we cannot because it is very difficult for the AJCA to hold any cricket tournament without a ground. “It is complete and with the acquisition of this stadium we hope that we will be able to promote cricket in the district and the state as a whole,” said Edy.
The time calls for all to be vigilant and vigilant.
“We have not counted anything yet,” said Bah Kharmujai and added that information can be obtained from the Deputy Commissioners of the districts.
He said that the Government of India will also recognize the Khasi language to be included in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution.
This has put the department in a difficult situation to turn off the electricity during the rainy season due to lack of electricity.
The development of traditional farming methods as sustainable farming methods has led to the revival of soil fertility and reduction in the cost of farming. 425 KVKs (Krishi Vigyan Kendras) ) demonstrated traditional farming practices and conducted 6,777 awareness programs in which 6.80 lakh farmers participated.
On the part of the Chief Guest, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar in his speech, congratulated the Hynniewtrep Achiks' National Movement (HANM) for doing the best in the society, especially in the field of health. suffering is one of the things that affects society in life and death.
They should prove that the weapons they found are not acceptable even if he is involved in IED. It is not the right of the police to kill. equipment in media.
And please don't try to do something that can't happen because as a nation we can't accept such things.
“In Meghalaya there is no life, but only sorrow, doubt and despair.
The nurses who took the examination said that until July 23, there were various lists available at the DHS office and suddenly on Tuesday, 11 ANMs have disappeared from the list. not on the day of the written test.
If you look at Jeebon Roy, he has written about books related to other ethnic groups and translated them into Khasi.
“In response to the increase in drug-related crimes, the Tripura Crime Branch has set up a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to track down drug trafficking groups, smugglers. money and those involved in the sale of drugs across the states.
The 41-year-old case is from New Bhaitbari village in Rajabala area of ​​West Garo Hills.
Before the cleanliness drive, the residents took a pledge to be clean in their homes and to maintain a clean environment in the village.
Speaking to media, Kitboklang Vice President of the union said that the reason for their demand from the KHADC to implement the Land Acquisition Act is that many people have money to build houses. they have to go to the government and the registration fee is high.
Speaking at the 14th meeting of the Nokmas with the participation of more than 400 people from all over Garo Hills at Ampati in South West Garo Hills on Thursday, Mukul said that the Nokmas are to strengthen the old order for the development of society.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, said that the Government of India has taken this initiative through the YUVA UTSAV program and conducted it in all districts, which also aims to help the youth and this Yuva Utsav is to lead the youth to develop in sports and other fields and also to improve the quality of life of the youth. They can also spend time in their studies and in any other field of study so that they can progress and have a bright future.
According to a statement sent by Samla Khrawbor Shangrit Secretary of the HYC Lai Lyngdoh Area Unit, although the road is under the PMGSY scheme, it has been allocated for 7 km from Kynroh to Mawkaton. 4 crore and will be completed by 10 June 2020 according to the signboard erected at Mawkaton.
The Dorbar Shnong Lapangap has expressed its opposition to the land acquisition by the Assam Government.
He said that the matter will be considered soon and he has sent a letter to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi requesting him to remove these three blocks in Tamil Nadu. intended to store and sell mineral resources.
The aim is not only that this variety has a large market for the farmers, but it can also be an opportunity to increase income for the farmers. we," said Mr. Paul.
Vishakha Singh is the lead actress in Ashutosh Gowariker's film titled Khelein Hum Jee Jaan Sey and has been nominated for the Best Breakthrough Performance Female nomination. Star Dust Awards in 2011.
The present Iingthawain will lose its strength because of the loss of some.
However, despite these responsibilities and concern for these problems, we have received this criticism of our village.
“The surprising thing is that some people have received two or three ration cards in one household but they don't know that,” said Kong Kharshiing.
According to the woman, when the OC of Khliehriat came to ask her, he promised to take care of her children and her as well. ran away from his wife and lived alone for many years and she also accepted him.
The message from these Prophets is that there is life in the midst of death.
The report of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India for the year 2021-22 on the financial situation in Meghalaya, shows that the state's revenue has increased from T.6,401.81 crore to Rs. T.11,912.82 crore in 2021-22, and the CAG has expressed concern that the state may reach the point where it will not escape from the debt it has received.
We cannot say that the young girls in this age have the right appearance and can take part even abroad”.
These days there are many changes in the environment which we call in foreign languages ​​(climate change) climate change in the environment we know that this poses a great threat to the entire population.
He said that despite the large amount of assistance from Meghalaya such as the implementation of the MNREGS scheme, they receive the same as others.
For more information please contact the office or phone 9402300795,
We too want the robbers involved in this incident to be arrested,” said Moyna TMC MLA Sangram Dolui.
This policy is one of the measures to curb corruption.
The High Powered Committee (HPC) of the Legislative Assembly on Friday held a meeting at the Taj Vivanta Hotel Shillong to discuss the reconstruction of the Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang.
Kynsai Lyhuid scored the goal in the 65th minute.
For more information please call 9436344580 or
Shillong, Nailur 1: An Impulse (MLO5 J-3405) bike (MLO5 J-3405) has collided with a truck in Langkyrding village at 12:30 pm this morning.
Now, come to the 'MASK' or face protection.
In the ejahar, it was alleged that the principal had shot the students, which caused them to suffer severe injuries.
Therefore, if the government really wants to reduce the traffic jam, it should use buses to go to school because each bus can carry up to 30 or 40 children. schools and if there are 1000 students, only 15 – 20 buses are needed.
The failure to form a coalition government led by the UDP, PDF, VPP supported by the Congress and TMC is due to the absence of two HSPDP MLAs. 3rd of this month at the residence of former Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui.
On the other hand, Panchayats have been exempted under Article 243 and there is also Article 244 (2) which relates to Para 12 A (b) of the Sixth Schedule. .
“Therefore, the Kur Syiemiong Kpoh Meba has no objection to the son of Bah Suraj Syiemiong and Kong Nongthombam Shadani Devi to receive the Khasi Tribe Certificate from the District Council. (Recommendation) on this matter after completing the registration under the Khasi Social Custom of Linage Act,
After the incident, Rajabala MLA Dr Azad Zaman said that we too demand 50% should be unreserved and if the government or the court interferes, that is his demand. It is not wrong, because we live in a country of many nations, but we must know how to speak whether that speech will harm or benefit.
For more information please call 609927372, 6909948239,
Furthermore, while visiting East Jaintia Hills, Dr Mukul inspected the coal seized by the Transport Department at Umtyra-Weighbridge and said that the government's delay in auctioning the coal in the state. It is a matter of concern to the people who earn their living from the coal mining industry.
Teddy Bang scored in the 64th minute and Wadajied Ryngkhlem in the 90+1 minute.
Jowai, Naitung 25: Former MDC of Tuber, Helping Phawa has lodged a complaint against three persons for cheating.
Jowai, November 20: The Village Authority has expressed its condolences to the family of Phukan, son of the Minister of Assam on Saturday morning.
He said that for this reason, the same law will not be suitable for implementation in Meghalaya.
Many of the elders, village officials, women and youth who came to celebrate the meeting were eager to bring about change and create a new path for the people of Umroi Constituency. educated leaders, who are from the villages under Umroi Constituency and who can truly carry the burden of the people.
We want the anti-corruption investigation to continue in all states regardless of party or friend otherwise we will not be able to fight against corruption and we will continue to fall behind.
Shanpru said that if the tax was imposed at Umling, those trucks carrying more than 9 tonnes would have to pay tax at the toll plaza, but now, it has been imposed at 20mer. , trucks, have to pay taxes at this place and which has been imported by foreigners, which have been handed over by the State Government.
In another raid, BSF troops from BOP Naljuri border area have seized a large quantity of drugs worth T.14 lakh which were intended to be smuggled into Bangladesh through the border area of ​​West Jaintia. Hills.
James said the tax is paid only when applying for the renewal of the permit and some commercial vehicles have not paid the tax without renewing the permit.
However, we should not say that the price of goods will decrease if the railway arrives in Byrnihat.
There were also other parties like the Trinamool Congress which did not wait until the Congress decided to oppose the CAB but continued to oppose even though they were in the UPA. The Congress party which opposed the CAB alone and if it happens that the Congress is the only party that opposes the CAB, which means only 50 out of 245 members, the CAB will have already become law and passed. from the National Assembly.
The court through Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice B Bhattacharjee expressed its regret that even after the expiration of the deadline for the hearing on the matter, it has not come to fruition.
Speaking after receiving the resolution, Pala said that his victory was due to the cooperation of the MLAs and the party but at the same time, he said that the defeat of the Congress in other parts of the country, it is a warning that as a party we must unite.
Jowai, Naiwieng 10: A journalist, Ma Ruhi Phawa, who is also a journalist of Rupang, has been stabbed and stabbed by Ma Balen Thubru, at 9.30 pm this morning. He said that he is the President of the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners and Drivers Association and other followers.
At the same time, the KSU has congratulated the Doctors, Nurses and other staff of PHC Nartiang for their hard work in providing services to the needy people. I wish all the staff of PHC Nartiang to continue to provide good services to the people.
in lane through the phone number
Jasmine Pearl Stone Laitphlang, Academic Head, Avenues, said that one of the special parts of the workshop was to introduce the teaching methods of Science and Mathematics which are very important subjects. of children dread these subjects because they think they’re difficult.
Grateful Lyngkhoi tied 24 runs from 27 balls, Pyniarmi Sutnga tied 20 runs from 41 balls while Defender Dhar took three wickets from 7 overs.
He said that there are many illegal operations in the dewbilat factories and if these dewbilat factories do not do what they demand from the JAC, it will look into what they will do and these factories will also do. regret.
Conrad was accompanied by Prestone Tynsong, Minister of PWD, James K Sangma, Minister of Home Affairs.
According to Indian experts and analysts, the Rohingya are a threat to India, especially the North East.
The science does not know and recognize centuries and millenniums.
After this, the Minister of State and others took part in the planting of trees.
Many were arrested.
Hamas reports claim that Israeli troops have killed 195 Palestinian civilians in an attack on a refugee camp.
Let us hope for the best.
On the other hand, SP (city) Steve A Rynjah said that they have not seen any signs of murder but they cannot confirm anything until the post mortem examination.
He said the RTI was requested after Star Cement admitted that it has received environmental clearance from the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change for the 42.051 hectare Mawshun park located in Brishyrnot village, East Jaintia Hills. Hills District.
The NESO said that this is not only the first incident that has happened to the people of the North East but they have suffered many insults , torture in Thor where some of them have been tortured died only because of their dress, food and language.
However, following the recommendation of the committee appointed by the Government, the AFSPA has been suspended from three Police Stations from 1st June,
She also urged the factories to dig wells to dispose of waste and not to discharge into the rivers to protect the rivers.
Today, the prestige of India has risen across the globe, the power of our country has risen on platforms across the globe.
When asked why, Commander said that the DC has informed him that, as of now, permission has been given to show the films without being able to watch the films. The DC said that the Commander has also complained about the SP.
Walkingstar Marthong won the Senior Boy Best Athlete, Mira Lyngkhoi won the Senior Girl Best Athlete title, Junior Boy Best Athlete won the Junior Boy Best Athlete title and Teilarympei Langrin won the Junior Girl Best Athlete title.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Shillong International Center for Performing Arts and Culture (SICPAC) at Mawkasiang is under construction under the supervision of the Arts and Culture Department. .
that Simon had thrown himself into the sea to wash his shoes, his clothes, and so on.
Shillong, Naitung 10 : The Boxing Association of East Khasi Hills District on Saturday honored nine medal winners at the Meghalaya Games.
Shillong, November 13: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday said that only the court can grant bail to the arrested members of the North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEPMU). by the Government.
How many schemes have been implemented, how many have reached the people.
In West Khasi Hills, there are two cases, one from Shallang Cluster.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) U-19 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament, which started after the final of the Women's Cricket Tournament, started on Tuesday.
This was stated by Bah Kyrmen Shylla while talking to reporters after the 83rd death anniversary of Soso Tham in Khliehriat.
The cause of her death was Covid-19 pneumonia and MI with type 2 DM and hypothyroidism.
Because I believe that even if you don't have enough money, you won't be able to find it.
Rida from one of the rooms began to listen because she had never heard them talk like that; but she didn't understand.
“We have not done anything on behalf of the party in the state because we don't have a single MLA but the party leaders in the state have met with the BJP leaders in Delhi on the political situation in Delhi. This is the state,” said Bah Shibun.
Because of the high water level, the rivers flow with a slow flow through the rivers.
Guwahati, Naitung 09 : The Special Task Force (STF) of Assam Police on Tuesday arrested a man suspected of being involved in the sale of fake Indian currency notes in Guwahati. .
Mary Kom has won the World Boxing Championship five times and is the first woman boxer in the world to win the title alone in six major world boxing tournaments.
Bah Anantasius Ryngdongsngi, who is also one of the prominent athletes of the state, has won many awards and has also lifted up to 120 kilos.
Where we have to identify stake holders or people who are willing to work together for the betterment of the community, including Village Ministers, Church workers, Seng Longkmie, Senglong Kpa and others who are willing to work for the betterment of the village.
“Therefore, in all the elections, 100% reservation has been given only to the Scheduled Tribes and this is a serious violation of the Roster Reservation Policy,” said the SWGHSCWA. They visited a Government School in New Delhi and the Mohalla Clinic of the Government of Delhi to see for themselves how these facilities are run in the capital. .
We don't know when the government will take a decision on these issues although it will have to think carefully before getting a reply later.
At present, he said, KAS will wait for the next session of Parliament before taking any decision on the next steps.
The current license is for the traders to quarry and transport stone and no longer to sell only the goods that have already been mined.
We have only a few MPs in Parliament from the state and we have to wait for other MPs from other states to help us.
The Syiem of Bhowal Hima said that the Government of India should not insult the Khasi people because the IOA is still alive today, because the Government of India in 1947-1948 used the army to force the Khasi Syiems. to sign the IOA and as a nation we will force the Government of India to grant ILP in our state.
The registration fee per player will be T.20 tyngka and this will be only for those who have passed the examination at the federation.
The Feature Film Jury has decided to open the Indian Panorama 2022 with 'Hadinelentu' (Kannada) directed by Prithvi Konanur.
I'm afraid it's the Dkhar's house.
So that night she couldn't sleep and listened to what was going to happen.
The CEM said that the KHADC will continue to strengthen the offices of the KHADC in Nongstoin, Nongpoh and Mawkyrwat by sending Junior Engineers to these places twice a day to meet with them. especially the Bills of works implemented by the KHADC.
On the 11th of this month, Tarson Lymba, 58, leader of the HNYF, was arrested from Dawki while Ebakordor Nongpluh, 26, was arrested from Shillong. in Malki area in connection with this incident.
We are also monitoring the song on the fishing boats and others who come to avoid danger,” said the Coast Guard.
Shillong: U Rosenhembert Lyngkhoi, 36, 36, of Diamond Sun, Shillong, has drowned at Wahrew under Bholaganj PCP at 2:30 pm today. The man from Pyndengumiong Mairang village had gone to the river with his relatives.
“This victory has not only brought fame to the state but has also encouraged the football players across the state,” said the statement.
On the same day, Sohra, which used to hold this title, received 972 mm of rainfall daily which is the highest in the past 27 years.
There have been 125 recoveries from the coronavirus today.
The death of any young boy, any young woman, is a tragic incident.
Anna Hazare, who is on hunger strike these days, has admitted that he was used by the BJP to win the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.
Syiem said that the police of Dispur, Assam have not taken seriously the case and it is on this basis that the mother of the child, Kong Jemina Rymbai, has gone to the police for assistance. on this matter.
Shillong: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad Sangma today said that the meeting between Home Minister Rajnath Singh and the Chief Ministers of the North East was encouraging. much of the northeast.
Then you will write a letter to show to the lawyer.
The death toll in Italy has risen to 4,032 with 627 deaths yesterday, the highest number of deaths in China.
When asked whether they have spoken to the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) regarding the joint candidate, Mawthoh said the party has not spoken to the VPP yet.
The Israeli army chief said this was not a war, but an act of Hamas militants.
In the U-17 Girls, Umthli HSS won the title by beating Iewrynghep HSS 1-0. Mirable Kharwanlang scored the first goal for Umthli in the 27th minute.
He said that there are many important issues that he will do when he wins the election, but these issues cannot be addressed anymore because the price of saiñdur saiñdar in the state has declined too much especially in the rule of law.
So far, we have seen that Odisha has a national government, Tamil Nadu, West Bengal, Meghalaya, Nagaland, Mizoram, Delhi and these are clearly (as mentioned above) that Different states don't want to discriminate against religion, they don't want to exterminate any religious group, but they want their daily livelihood and this is an example, which the Aam Admi Party stands for and has done. for the people of Delhi.
The decision of the High Level is complete and no one can fight against it.
Such articles are only attempts to paint the image of Meghalaya that does not agree with the feelings of some residents and is separate from the country.
It is learned that the owners of these cows fled the scene as soon as they saw the police.
Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Ltd of UP has been awarded the contract for the new building. Out of the cost of Rs 147 crore, the company has tendered only Rs 127 crore, a difference of Rs 18 crore.
Although not yet estimated, the tourist arrivals in 2019 are expected to reach 15 lakh Indians and about 14,000 overseas tourists.
“Both these targets will also be a celebration of the 10th Anniversary of the MDA government in 2028,” said the Chief Minister who also holds the state Budget.
The District Youth Festival ended on 17th August at Wah Umlaru, Rymbai with the participation of 455 people including students, NSS volunteers and village youth. I am the Principal of Jaintia Eastern College.
Many households have not yet received electricity.
"“I don't know what God's purpose is for me to win but the only thing He knows is that behind the dark cloud there is a bright sun, the VPP is a bright sun. for the sake of the nation and for the sake of our beloved country," he said.
“The PWD road connecting Ranikor to Baghmara which is the most popular road in the area has been severely affected by the landslide and traffic has been stopped,” he said. state.
Speaking to media, Hek said that the health department is working hard to treat the residents, but without receiving the full report, no There is no allegation of negligence on the part of doctors or nurses.
He urged the Scouts and Guides to follow the right path with determination and perseverance.
Speaking to reporters after filing his nomination papers, Augsustar said, “Only the Congress can fight against the BJP in a country supported by the RSS and that is why I have joined the party. to the Congress which is a strong, peaceful and independent party”.
Looking at these reports, we understand that this disease will continue to spread rapidly and the death toll will increase due to the lack of access to the vaccine.
In the second half, Lajong played better and their hard work came true in the 71st minute when Rakesh Pradhan headed home from the edge of the box.
(6) The period for filing a charge-sheet shall be from 60 days to 90 days, and there shall be up to 180 days, which the Hon'ble Supreme Court has approved and so on.
He said that the Council will write to the District Transport Department not to issue a driving license without a Labor License from the Council.
The government has been wanting to implement the roster system by taking census since 1972 which the party has strongly opposed.
The Congress has not given tickets to four MDCs of KHADC including Rasor Rani from Mairang, Ostril Pamshong from Mawhati, Arist Rani from Jirang and Fabian Lyngdoh from Umroi. .
On the other hand, out of the 375 candidates contesting the Assembly elections, the Association for Democratic Reforms, which has examined the documents of the candidates, found that 132 candidates are candidates. only Grade 8 to Grade 12 has been completed.
The Principal would also like to thank the Principals of the colleges who have accepted the invitation to participate in the Seng Khasi College Girls Basketball Tournament. them, perhaps the organization of this competition will not be successful.
Therefore, before we enter the last days, there will be many sufferings around the world not only now but for decades to come and will increase.
Alphons Kannanthanam, while talking to reporters, said the party gives the ticket to the person whom the people want and expressed his satisfaction to see the people who attended the BJP meeting. “We will give the ticket to the person whom the people want,” he said.
In an interview with the Pastor, the writer, whether he talked about the Aadhar number at that time, said, “From my words it didn't come out at that time, I was still there, only until you have created 660 dots"
Relatives, parents and KSU leaders were present at the funeral. In Bangladesh, he lived in a Khasi village in Putisara, which borders India.
There are many lessons we learn through this incident which has brought about a change in the attitude of people in work, agricultural relations, education, faith, family relationships, in the community, spirit of cooperation, mutual assistance and other areas.
“If the government does not listen to our demands, we will continue our protests,” said the temporary employees of the PWD department. government in these days to discuss their issues.
With these seven deaths, the death toll from COVID-19 has risen to 862 in the state.
The Union of Village Headmen of Jaintia Hills District has decided to hold a fete on the 25th November 2022 at Wahsalu Square in Sabmuswang, West Jaintia Hills District.
The TMC should accept the truth; “It should look at itself or the foundation it stands on,” he said.
“We strongly oppose the application and the Forest Department should not accept it but should arrest the illegal immigrants and remove the illegal buildings immediately without delay as Mahadev Khola will become a hideout. “If the Forest Department gives permission to relocate Mahadev Khola,” said the President of the Seng in an interview with the media after the meeting with the PCCF, , therefore, should also give permission to the state owners to build houses in the forests of the Forest Department.
Joe Marwein President of FKJGP said that he has doubts whether there are false evidence.
Speaking on the reluctance of the Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police of East Jaintia Hills District to take action against the coke factories, the ECC said that there is something behind this. “It's not clear whether the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, has said that there are no more illegal cokes,” he said. The MDA government has made a mistake especially in protecting the rights of the people of East Jaintia Hills District especially in relation to the environmental impact and even those plants planted by the Minister of State, u James Sangma in Narwan village has now died due to the smoke from coke,” said the ECC with deep sorrow over the widespread smoke production from coke factories in the district. the health of the people.
the proofs were found by Israeli scientists.
Regarding this incident, the FKJGP Mawynram Circle in a statement expressed its deep sorrow over the incompetence and slow operation of the Post Office in Mawsynram Village which has caused problems to many people especially to the people. public who donate money to this office.
Also, the Presidents and Secretaries of the Khasi Kmie Tuber, Ialong and Chyrmang will also participate.
However, despite the Government's best efforts, the goal of eradicating the disease appears to be a difficult task without the cooperation of the community.
Know therefore, and understand, that from the going forth of the word to restore and to build Jerusalem unto Messiah the Leader there shall be seven weeks, and sixty-two weeks. Sixty-two months shall it be rebuilt, and the streets and the walls shall be built in times of trouble.
It is on this basis that the party has had to talk to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to take action on this issue.
Therefore, the Union of Village Authorities of Nongmynsaw Syiemship Hima and the people are filled with sorrow and remain in darkness.
Since ancient years, Ïewduh has been known as the 'pliang ja' of the Khasi because it is from here that the Khasi get their food through the sale and purchase.
The Election Commission is also surprised that the UDP will not get MPs in Parliament.
These volunteers will discuss the problems of these families and after that, they will take these problems to the village authorities, where the villages will forward these needs to the government.
He said that DERT, MBoSE and teachers including various schools will have to go along with these decisions.
Former Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Laborious Manik Syiem in his speech recalled that the State was accepted without borders without division and the implementation of the North Eastern Reorganization Act,
In the evening, which was the last part of the Shad Sukra, there was another performance including 'Pynjaw' and 'Kper Syntu' from the villages of Jowai which was held at Mynkoi Pyrdi. Loompyrdy Ongpiah.
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of Social Welfare and Revenue and Disaster Management Kyrmen Shylla, MLA Mookaiaw Constituency M Nujorki Sungoh, MDC Bison Roy Iano, Ex MDC Welcome Dkhar, Former MDC Ma Kor Sympli, Waheh Shnong of Nangbah 2019 and also the candidates who will contest the MDC election 2019 including Kitbok Nongtdu, Secretary of the UDP West Jaintia Hill, Ma Lakhon Biam who will contest from Nangbah. Chrisson Langstang from Sumer Sutnga and others.
The DGP said a case has been registered under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
God is good all the time.
However, he said that the Seng will inform them later when there will be meetings in the constituencies where those who have joined as active members can attend.
(This trip is new).
In the physical exercises, the troops took part in the attacks in the forests, in the suburbs and in the urban areas.
I don't think we have made a mistake in empowering those who are not at all in power.
Police suspect that these people came from Bangladesh and were planning to leave for Shillong via Jowai.
On the other hand, Bah Tiewdop admitted that he is the rightful Secretary of Shella who was elected and appointed according to the customs and traditions of the Dorbar Shnong Shella. violate and destroy the small customs of Shella.
Michael is a member of the Tikrikilla Constituency.
He completed his schooling in Sutnga and Jowai and completed his BA from Shillong.
Appreciating the decision taken by the government to increase the salaries of Adhoc teachers in the state, he said that from the beginning the group has been meeting not only with the Prime Minister but also with the Prime Minister. state as well as the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
The Assistant Commissioner in charge of Food in the state, D Bahun Mukhim, said that the food items sent to Guwahati for examination are noodles.
When young and unemployed children drop out of school because of lack of support from home, the question is – does the government care about this? Has the MLA been concerned to see that the children in the area where they are at school have to go to graze goats and cows? This is a very fast-paced age.
With the passage of time, with the passage of kha-I, the heritage (Diengkubit) the forests that have now begun to disappear have begun to disappear and wild animals such as Hati, Mynthna, Masi Prud and Sier have no place. To rest, they moved to a hiding place and came only once to the forests of this area, Labang-Nongphyllut and Pangam-raliang.
“Therefore, I don't have any name to send to Delhi yet,” he said.
After the counting of votes, the NPP went straight to the BJP and invited other Independents and two from the HSPDP. Why? The obvious reason is that the UDP has pointed too much at the NPP during the election campaign.
The welcoming ceremony for the newly appointed policemen was held at Shillong International Center for Performing Arts and Culture (SICPAC) in the presence of Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong, Chief Secretary DP Wahlang, DGP Dr LR Bishnoi and other police officers.
The death toll has risen to 2,445 from 500 on Sunday.
Speaking to reporters, Iengskhem Nongtraw, General Secretary of the 7th Mile Taxi Drivers Association, said that the police impose fines on each and every taxi driver. one vehicle carrying 5 passengers, which means 6 passengers and a driver.
The Committee also informed that there are about 80 Coke Plants in Meghalaya.
“The RDA will meet again soon to take a decision on the decision to nominate a joint candidate of these two political parties from the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
Besides, both of them are in the MDA government because the UDP and PDF are working together but they cannot force the government to give Sohra first but Mairang as the 12th district of the state. Beyond 2021.
However, immediately there was an attempt to cover up the theft.
The FNOMCeO today confirmed the names of the doctors who have died of the disease.
During these 3 phases, others are also given rice or dai.
On the first day of the recruitment ceremony held at the JN Stadium on Saturday, more than 2000 Khasi youths from all over the country came to apply for the recruitment.
Other fertilizer vendors in an interview with Rupang said that the sale of fertilizer by wholesalers and retailers to the farmers is like getting ration once a month but the sale of fertilizer is different because of the ration. such as rice, sugarcane, farmers receive only according to the allocation, such as rice, according to the kilos set for example, 35 kilos per card while fertilizer farmers can buy only according to their use. I don't need to lose weight.
Speaking at a meeting of the Congress Working Committee, Gandhi said the scheme would employ 5 crore households and benefit 25 crore citizens.
The deceased, a 54-year-old man, died this morning and was the first death in the state.
These athletes will now represent India at the World Championships, with the aim of qualifying for the Canoe Slalom events at the Paris 2024 Olympics.
Nongbri Brothers' (Nongjri) Football Team became the winners of the tournament after beating Se-la-jong Football Team by 10 goals.
The Government has now taken care of the need to train the talents of the youth by launching the Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship and various schemes such as the Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Grameen Kaushalya Yojana. Kaushal Vikas Yojana, National Career Service and employment schemes like MUDRA, Stand-Up India, PMEGP and others are schemes to promote self-employment so that it will increase the income of the country.
Sonia Gandhi, one of the Rajya Sabha MPs elected from Rajasthan in June, has refused to contest the election. their resistance is fear.
About 65 people from various groups including Municipal, SRDF, Block staff and Project staff of the dam have worked hard to clean up the waste from the Ganol River to the damsite. Ganol Hydro Electric Project.
The SP escaped the scene but his vehicle was damaged in the incident.
The Director General of FAO and four other Ministers also attended the ceremony.
Media reports said that although Bah Carmel, is outspoken against the division of the constituency, there are still many other MDCs, who go underground and go to the DCA department to express their opposition. They don't want this constituency division to go quickly for the 2014 elections.
On the other hand, the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong said that the Meghalaya government has already submitted to the CM the Detail Project Report (DPR) prepared by the PWD department.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Father Jimris Shylla, Diocesan Youth Director (DYD) of Shillong Archdiocese, who is also the Principal of St Paul's Higher Secondary School, Marbisu, said that in fact these two youths are missing. any bad marks in school and they are also smart kids.
He helped them with rice and wheat, sugar, oil and so on.
In a statement, KSU General Secretary Victor More Khongtir said that the protest of the KSU South Central East Circle is due to Mukul Sangma's decision to reject the ILP. “We have urged the political parties to take strong measures,” said Victor.
“If he reads the news, watches on TV the meeting at Students Square on ILP, he should not say that,” said Bah Basaiawmoit. We cannot believe it, but if the people of Khasiland say, we cannot accept it.
Isaiah 5:11 says, “Woe unto them that are drunken with wine”.
The day and time when those who study should still be in their own places of study, that is, in their own school, or in their college or in their university.
Some say it is God's blessing and others say it is their hard work that they have achieved so much.
They did this as a sign of joy, such as when there was a victory, when a new king was appointed.
Therefore, she needs to play well to return with a victory.
On the same day, the Second Chief Minister in charge of PHE, Prof RC Laloo inaugurated the office of the Sub Divisional Officer, PHE Sub Division, Mawsynram.
He said that they have distributed 500 kg of rice to 100 households and also distributed some flour and rice.
A one-year-old child was also shot in the eye in Yangon's Thamine, posted on social media.
The NPP leader said that the NPP-led Government has tried its best to do many things and will continue to do so to achieve the aspirations of the people.
He agreed to take on the responsibility of conducting the great service in literature as the headmaster of the Normal School, as Rev. Hugh Roberts, Headmaster of this school from 1867-1875, would visit. In 1876, he returned to his homeland.
At about 10:30 pm, police seized Rs 1 lakh 50 thousand from a man in Syndai village.
Furthermore, he said that the union has found from time to time that there are some illegal immigrants who burn down the forests, many houses and farmland nearby. find it difficult and have to extinguish the fire to prevent any losses and accidents.
Dr. Syngkon added that as the spread of the disease affects the owners and farmers of cattle from time to time, the introduction of the Insurance Scheme will provide security and protection in terms of and any loss that farmers may face, at the same time by empowering them to ensure the continuity and development of this important sector.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 13: Last month, traditional musicians from the North Eastern States of India, were invited to the Droupadi Murmu. The President of the country, to come to exhibit the traditional musical instruments made in their respective states, where the makers of these instruments from Meghalaya have also been allowed. They invited them to take part in the exhibition of these items.
Therefore, even if we cannot take part in the Lord's Day Mass, we should pray.
The elected office bearers of the Siejiong party are Donbor Warjri, Chairman, Secretary General, John Shemphang Warjri and Sharina Warjri; , Barisha Warjri, Batsaipan, journalist, Philbert Warjri and Nongkynpham Rangbah, Hording Warjri.
You don't need to have a job.
This market is growing day by day and every month with the support of the traders from Assam, this will endanger our nation if the trade and income is handed over to foreigners. , where will the future of our nation go, this market of the Nepalis in Langpih has increased and they hold a market every Tuesday.
Others who attended the meeting were Bah BJ Laloo, MPS, Superintendent of Police, KC Nongrum, Executive Engineer, PWD (Road), Ranikor Division and other Government officials.
Sidramon Mukhim said that in Diengpasoh village, even to do any small work, you have to get permission from the village. They have given it to the government without any payment and on their part, they strongly oppose this.
He said that although the state government has approved, the central government has not done anything yet and the party will continue to fight.
The HNLC has repeatedly accused the police of opposing the peace talks with the government.
Investigations are ongoing to determine whether they stayed together during the trip to Oxford, as the former minister stayed in an expensive hotel and paid for his trip from the public money.
Of these three, the campaign is strongest between Bah Samlin and Bah Synshar, the two allies who stood together in 2018 against (L) Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
Khliehtyrshi scored 81 runs.
Shillong, Naitung 2: West Garo Hills Police on Tuesday evening released a school teacher from Dalu, Utpal Dey, who was abducted by ASAK militants on Monday. 20 lakh from the family members of the teacher.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Bihar, Nitish Kumar, congratulated Prasad on his appointment as the Governor of Meghalaya and wished him the best of luck.
He said that these suggestions will be kept confidential and sent back to the Commonwealth Parliamentary Affairs Headquarters in London, the CPA India Region Headquarters and the relevant departments of the Central Government. that they can incorporate these recommendations into policies.
In the last 40 days, police have seized 66 motorcycles and arrested 26 persons. finish.
After the arrest of Alanlas, police today arrested another person on charges of involvement in the incident.
The reason is due to the lack of funds of the government which has not been able to appoint at all.
Jowai, Lber 17: Dozens of houses and crops have been damaged by the cold weather in Mooshrot village in West Jaintia Hills District on Saturday. .
The government has closed down schools, colleges, sports grounds, cinemas...so why do they still hold Good Friday and Easter Sunday services in churches in the villages? Why don't you follow the Lockdown Act? What is the difference between holding church services from house to house if you want to celebrate Good Friday and Easter Sunday? God sees all the facts and hears the prayer of one or two.
On the other hand, the producers of the film have appealed to the public to give their full support to the film “Ka Nongrim.
How to treat? Seek medical attention immediately or go to a hospital or other health facility.
The deceased was identified as Ramohalli, near Bengaluru.
Bah PK Shullet said that if this Act is implemented, there will be conflict with the department like MeECL in many cases where the companies will ask to supply electricity only to the areas to benefit while the areas If the company does not benefit, MeECL will be responsible.
“Ka seng also wishes to continue to grow up with the knowledge of man and knowledge of God and also to the parents to take care of this child, so that they can raise him. The National People's Party Youth Front (NPPYF) of Langrin Warsynlyngdoh Area has appointed new office bearers. Kitborlang Nongrem, Youth President of the National People's Party (NPPYF) confirmed them.
The Food and Safety Officer, Bah NA Lyngwi has sent for testing of plastic rice from a shop selling plastic rice at Moowakhu, Dkhiah West.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah B Sohtun, President of the Union and Rangbah Shnong of Sabuda Block II, said this.
He also recalled the three words of hope which (L) Bah Hoping held fast until the day of his death and those are, “Do right, stand firm on the foundation without turn and fight without giving up.
The union has already sent written complaints to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District and the DC has already held a meeting with the Waheh Shnongs in the presence of the Waheh Shnongs. Establish.
the day when I shall see thee" Luke 19:28-4
Manipur Chief Minister N Biren Singh and Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu, who are BJP chief ministers, have made it clear that they do not accept the bill.
“There are teachers who want only salary and there are also teachers who want fame and honor so that even when they retire or die, the students will not forget them,” said the mother. on the plate.
“God bless her and her good works”.
They said that the HPFA should not use the word Hynniewtrep as the party has also been called the Feration of Assam, saying that there is no Hynniewtrep in Assam.
Although Mawlai played only in the middle of the field, they could not score.
However, this cannot be stopped because the drug traffickers have spread the drugs to the villages and branches of Shillong and even to other villages and branches of different districts. diverse.
James said the state government recognizes that the media is very important and recognizes that it is part of the state government in bringing about the development of the state. public.
On 31st March, her relatives came and explained that the duty of the Orderly Peon is in the officer's quarter and she has to do household chores.
Art and Cultural Secretary – G Suchiang.
Even the National Green Tribunal (NGT) has banned any person or company or any group from illegally quarrying stone and shyiap from rivers in any part of the country without permission, licence. or clearance certificate from the relevant authorities in accordance with the EIA Notification
According to reports, both of them have been asked to sign the document before being issued the ticket today.
Infodemic - is a flood of information that makes it difficult for people to recognize or understand what is true, what is false and what should be trusted (The Guardian, NYT).
Sarma announced the vote on account for the year 2021-2022 in the Assam Assembly.
How he escaped from the scene, Mohun said he escaped from the scene after he was called by his brother while Hejira was out shopping.
All the speakers expressed their gratitude to the elderly and youth for joining the organization.
“We are pleased that the Supreme Court has accepted our plea to stop the search for the missing.
Rajasthan shares a 1,036-km-long border with Pakistan in the northern parts of the country.
Until 1:00 am, the farmers sat together to accompany U Tikait, who was surrounded by the police from many sides.
“They count only the labourers and it means that Modi has hated the labourers,” said Bah Marius. “We want to urge Modi to stop this if he has mercy on the labourers. as he always said".
Therefore, the TSA has rejected the allegations.
He also alleged that Star Cement was cheating to employ 60 percent of the villagers.
The Minister of Agriculture, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh has announced that the Winter Tales Festival will be held from 14th to 16th November, 2023 at Nan Polok, Shillong.
After the next year's Santosh Trophy, Bah Khlaiñ has taken over the responsibility for the Ryntih and Meghalaya should compete again in this tournament. The tournament was held in Malappuram last season which was also the year that Kerala won the title.
The collection of information by the intelligence agencies is one of the most important steps in the fight against these drug traffickers who are indeed the destroyers of the nation and the country.
Thousands of people are expected to attend the service and the announcement was made not to disturb the worshipers due to traffic jam.
Thus, in 1947, the Federation submitted the Draft Constitution to the Constituent Assembly of India through Mr. GS Guha who was appointed by those in power at that time to represent the people. The people don't know anything about the election of this person to represent them in the Constituent Assembly.
Shillong, Jymmang 18 : The Government of Meghalaya has expressed its desire that the hero of the Tirot Sing Syiem, will get a place in the Museum of Bangladesh, which is planned to be built in the prison where he was imprisoned. in Dhaka.
But if you die first, you will be happier even if you are sick.
This is based on my limited understanding along with the facts we can find.
Teachers of 22 colleges under the banner of MCTA have protested against the implementation of the NEP and demanded from the Vice Chancellor NEHU Prof Prabha Shankar Shukla has revoked the announcement issued on 12th November this year.
Speaking to the audience in Italian and translated into Khasi by Fr Paul O Lyngkot, Provincial of the Shillong Province of the Salesians, the Rector Major of the Salesians, Fr Angel Fernandez Artime, called upon all to become thank God for all the miracles he has done through his instruments and to be God's messengers.
We should not listen when there are such incidents.
Shillong: The minimum temperature in Shillong in the past 24 hours was 11.6 degrees Celsius, while the minimum temperature dropped to 1.7 degrees Celsius and the rainfall was 1.1mm.
The second is the lack of respect for our own Thymmei which was established by our ancestors.
He said that other issues that have been raised this year through Rotary of International are to create opportunities for peace among different ethnic groups, to empower people. women in all fields and also to improve the community in the field of education, health and other activities that the Rotary Club often provides services to the people.
We strongly condemn this attempt to distort the historical and political facts on the land that belongs to Meghalaya,” said Bah Lyngdoh in a statement.
However, it is something else that is unknown and unknown that the government has not taken the necessary measures to build or improve these three generators and this action of the government has caused a shortage. to generate up to 102MW of electricity in the state.
While the truck was leaving the scene, Sampath stopped behind and was trapped in the stone house after the fire and thus died. his.
This road is used by hundreds of trucks a day, but it was found that the maintenance of this road has been done quickly and even in the middle of the rain the construction of the road is going smoothly.
Mallika Akbar has said that the me too allegations against her husband came after Pallavi Gogoi, an American journalist who was born in India, alleged that Akbar , he was born twenty years ago.
Shillong, Naitung 29 : Former Mawlai MLA and UDP Mawlai Leader Embhalang Syiemlieh and hundreds of UDP supporters from the constituency on Thursday announced their resignation. people of this party.
Shillong: The issue of coal has been discussed in the Special Session of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya today where the Leader of the Opposition, Dr. Mukul Sangma has criticized the government. He alleged that the estimate of the amount of coal that has been mined has been released.
New Delhi: India has surpassed Bangladesh in terms of per capita income to $2,227 for the year 2020-21, an increase of 9 per cent from which is $2,064 in 2019-2
No foreign or domestic vehicles will be allowed to pass on that day until the cleanliness drive is completed.
On this occasion, Rupang spoke to Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, one of the elders who attended the International Uranium Conference in Austria along with Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh. Only two persons from this state have attended.
According to the guidelines/criteria of the ECI, any political party registered with the ECI, if it wins or has an MLA, four (4) or more parties in the States of India, such parties shall be recognized as National Parties of India.
He said that no decision has been taken on how to proceed if the Lamphang does not allow the adjournment motion.
Therefore, it is reasonable to demand that they should be recognized as full time employees of the health department.
Those who have been dismissed include Bah Timmy Lyngdoh, Deputy General Manager (C) NEEPCO Ltd, C Lalmuan Puia Assistant Manager, CB Sahu Assistant Manager and four Surveyors of M/s Precision Survey Consultancy. from Kolkata, Rakhari Das, Debit Bakshi, Dipankar Mal and Joydeep Biswas.
PHH rice will be distributed 5 kilos per person at the price of 3 tyngka per kilo, for AAY rice, 35 kilos per card at the price of 3 tyngka per kilo while Non-NFSA rice will be distributed at kilo per card at the price of 13 tyngka per kilo.
Therefore, the aim of this political party is to improve or rebuild the beliefs and way of life and to bring about a transformation in India as a whole.
Eladmitre Dkhar sang a special song at the explanation of these lights.
It is learned that the kidnappers demanded money from Kheda Singh, after there had been a threat to his family in the past few days.
Prasad said that Bah Lapang has been brought to East Khasi Hills after a case has been registered at Laban Police Station, Shillong on the same charge of extortion. .
“As the National President, I would like to urge the State President to strengthen the party in the Units, Blocks, Committees and other departments. work.
Shillong: Twinklely Grace Iawrod, from Kynbah Malai village, Mawsynram constituency, has reached the grant final of the Indian Talent Fight Season-3
There are suggestions that you should not eat too much or too little as this also disrupts sleep.
Many people who drink alcohol do not live longer.
In his speech, the Chief Guest, Bah Metbah, expressed his happiness to have the opportunity to take part in the celebration of the Silver Jubilee which is celebrated every year and will end in
Pakistan's polling comes at a time when former Prime Minister Imran Khan is in jail and has been involved in bloodshed in recent months. , from the activities of various forces.
He said that there may be many problems if they register children without proper laws.
The election campaign has intensified as the days leading up to the polls have intensified.
The ceremony started with Kynting khnong followed by the Tyngkong ceremony at the residence of Langdoh followed by the Shoh Thyndai in compliance with the rules of COVID-19, which has also caused a delay in the completion of the Shoh Tyndai ceremony which took time. to start the ceremony at the shrine of Syiem Aitnar for more than 1 hour.
Sawa of Phira scored in the 9th and 22nd minutes and Lewa of Sumer in the 50th and 52nd minutes while Ozil Langshiang scored for Dulong in the 55th and 60th minutes.
Khyriem said they will advise the government on the need to strengthen laws like the Land Transfer Act, Benami Act, Trading by Non-Tribal and others.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the police have done their duty to arrest the people involved in the burning of police vehicles at Laitumkhrah Police Station.
During the pandemic, the most affected areas are ENT dysfunction found in patients infected with SARS cov.2, dyspnea, rhunorrhea, nasal congestion and nasal congestion. head may not have.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Paidang said that the purpose of the committee is to recognize the Khasi doctors who have been treating the country and to issue them with a license to call them. as doctors and by obtaining this license the law shall recognize them as Khasi doctors or traditional healers.
The scheme will serve in the supply of water to Williamnagar till
Shillong, Lber 30: RTI applicant Bah Disparsing Rani on Tuesday said that the Scheduled Tribe (ST) residents of Meghalaya who used to have the status of Scheduled Tribe (ST) may lose their status especially those who became a Christian.
Regarding the cleaning of the Umran River, it is interesting to know that eight villages nearby have come out to clean up the garbage inside the river.
In Khasi “I don't punish severely those who commit the crime”.
To talk and accuse is easy but in real work it is very difficult".
On the other hand, Deiwaemitre Shylla scored the first goal for Sabahmuswang in the 7th and 13th minutes.
Manipur managed to control the match until the last minute while Nagaland scored another goal through Neisede in the 90+1 minutes, which was also the last goal of the match. A beautiful fight and a very strong fight.
While I was thinking about writing this, I remembered the sermon of one of the Pastors of the Synod in Thangbuli (War Jaintia), Rev D.Kalain. When the sheep are gathered together, one wants to climb higher, another wants to climb higher, the one who is higher, after a while he has reached the top. how he how ended hajuh.
During the meeting, the CMD authorized the officers to do whatever is necessary and to lodge a complaint if the checks for the payment of bill light of the companies are returned.
The union has expressed its dissatisfaction with the setting up of a Border Out Post in Tyrso area as it is useless to set up a BOP in this area as it is too far from the villages. The Rangbah Shnongs of Ummat and Umtlieh have requested the government to set up BOPs in Ummat and Umtlieh.
The Center will be open from 9.00 am to 4.00 pm.
Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo said the shiah crown survived the fire and other valuables survived the fire.
Now the water has turned colour, many fish have died, or fled to Bangladesh, there are no fishermen anymore, it is filled with dewbilat factories and coke burners.
While the border talks between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam are ongoing for the purpose of resolving the border issue and resolving the issues of the residents of the border villages, the Assam side continues. the border crossing in the border villages to date.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall has reached 45.4mm in Sohra today from 8.30 am to 8.30 pm.
Deputy Chief Executive Member of Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) Ma Lasky Rymbai on Saturday inaugurated the office of the Seiñraij Shnong Cham Cham.
Furthermore, if you turn to the BJP, to mislead the public, their leaders from India to deny that their party is not a Christian party but every time they torture or burn churches across India. I have never heard of Narendra Modi in his public speeches or programs “Maan ki Baat”, so how can we verify the true image of him?
One of the trucks coming from Umkiang stopped, while another truck coming from Khliehriat refused to stop and turned chess.
Although the game in the first half was very strong, Nangkiew Irat didn't manage to score the first goal of the match.
In another order, the Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division has informed that after it was found that one of the patients who went to Wahrit PHC for treatment has tested positive for COVID-1 The PHC has been temporarily closed until all the High Risk contacts of the patient have been tested. The public who visited Wahrit PHC on 10th June, 2021 and after that they shall quarantine themselves for 10 days.
Andhra Pradesh police have filed more than 2,500 complaints under the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act against Ganja traffickers and marketers till last year.
The fishermen must also leave the river before three o'clock in the evening.
The demand of the residents of the border area is that the Assam Government should return to Meghalaya Block-I which covers 36 villages and Block-II which covers many villages. you Raid Nongtung.
Speaking on the occasion, James Ban Basaiawmoit said that the Daju in Iewduh has been dressed for a long time since he was the EM of the Labor Department. He said that this is a plan that should have been implemented before Christmas, but due to the lack of arrangements here and there, it has taken time until these days to complete the plan. “When we wanted to implement it, we saw that there were mistakes that had to be corrected, as we looked at them, we had to correct them and it took about two months to correct these mistakes,” said Bah Ban.
In the first match between Youth Star and Super Challengers, the toss was won by Super Challengers and elected to bowl first.
Shillong, July 15: The Association of Qualified Grade IV Candidates 2011 District Selection Committee of East Khasi Hills District has expressed its surprise at the lack of jobs until these days even after the government through the Commissioner & Secretary of Personnel. The Department has issued a notice stating that any officer who has no vacancies should notify the MPSC or DSC and anyone who has been appointed without passing the examination and without receiving the approval of the MPSC. the MPSC or DSC will be counted.
According to a statement from Bethany Hospital Shillong, Bah Lyngdoh was admitted to the hospital at about 3 pm, and suffered from extensive anteroseptal myocardial infarction. Heart Attack'.
The FASToM leader said that the union has informed the Secretary to the Ministry of Education to pay a little more to the Headmasters, Headmistress and Principals, as the work is more heavy and time consuming. .
However, they had to stay forever on Earth after the Sohpetbneng was cut off because the Hynniewtrep had destroyed the Tree.
In the letter, Jayanthi said that she has been in darkness for 11 months since November 20, 2013 until today, which is the day she was sent to resign from the post. they can bat.
The leaders of FKJGP Mawsynram also sought clarification from the District School Education Officer (DSEO) on this issue.
In the second match, Laitlyngkot SC beat Jongksha SC by 3 goals, which started at 1:30 pm. Jongksha SC opened the scoring through Mangiarkam (36th minute), followed by Franky Nongspung in the 69th minute and Jopborlang Khongsngi in the 76th minute.
Thank you,” said Bruton and left immediately. When he looked at the clock, it was 9:3
The 13 civil society groups demanding the implementation of the LP have expressed their regret that the government has not responded to the letter they have written in recent days to call for further discussions on the ILP. two weeks since we sent the letter.
He said the government should explain to the people why it has been implemented backwards and not moving forward.
“My supporters have gone to support the Congress, I will have to think about that,” said Ardent.
Friends, I would like to ask – What would you do if it happened to your fellow villagers or family members like Dr Sailo? People have opposed and criticized the death of Dr Sailo because he has not yet been arrested.
Police in West and East Jaintia Hills have arrested several persons and seized several drugs this year.
On the way back, a village inhabited by the Jowai between Nonglakhiat and Umpara was burnt down.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The Assistant Commissioner of Food Safety and Authority of India, Kong BS Mukhim on Monday inspected the cleanliness of shops and meat stalls in the market and Motphran.
The meeting between the office bearers of the Sports Clubs and the office bearers of the RBDSA was held at the RBDSA office at Umsning Nongthymmai. There was also a welcome to several teams who wanted to affiliate themselves with the RBDSA. The meeting was attended by Bah RB Shadap, President of the RBDSA. , in the presence of Bah Dipshon Ryntathiang, General Secretary, other senior office bearers of RBDSA and various office bearers from clubs in Ri Bhoi.
Training and explanation was given on EVM machines and Vote from Home.
However, many of them did not hesitate to use those words to call their children grandchildren, then the next generation and the next generation.
He also said that the Medical Colleges in Shillong and Tura have not been fulfilled as promised and alleged that the government has failed to host the National Games.
At the meeting, NPP leaders and office bearers from Ri Bhoi Sepngi attended the meeting to listen to the speeches of Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Jirnag MLA Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, Bah Mairang MDC, former Nongstoiñ MLA Macmillan Byrsat and others who have decided to strengthen the party for the party's victory in the Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
In fact, hell is not too big but it is man's own sin that has caused God to make hell bigger.
The first goal was scored by Bapyndap Kharshiing in the 8th minute, the second goal by Banraplang Pynrope in the 11th minute, the third goal by Sangki Shanglong in the 26th minute. Sangki scored the second goal in the 29th minute in the 45th minute, while Robert Khongriah scored the seventh and final goal in the 77th minute.
In addition, it is prohibited and no one should interfere with the activities of the authorized government authorities or departments in charge of the protection and maintenance of water sources.
Speaking at the meeting, BS Teron said that AMKA has a great desire that the Karbi people will be united like other ethnic groups not only in Ri Bhoi, but also in Ri Bhoi. the whole state.
He cried and prayed, The voice of his heart said;Forgive me now, Please, my brothers and sisters.
All those under containment have been ordered to stay isolated at home.
She urged the public to lodge a complaint with the department with sufficient witnesses to ensure that the department will send it to the law enforcement authorities to investigate. do what is necessary.
He said that the IT Hub is another goal that he wants to bring about change for the region in the next five years.
Then a small group including Ma RT Rymbai IAS, Dr RS Lyngdoh and Bah HW Sten met with the Chief Minister, Capt.
Sangma said it was good to complete the budget before October 31, so that the government could start the works and implement them quickly.
Four other candidates including Justine Dkhar from Khliehriat, Hopeful Bamon from Sutnga, Robinus Syngkon from Mowkaiaw and Stephenson Mukhim from Amlarem have won as independent candidates.
Those who do this good deed should inform this committee.
Waroh released his first album, Jadu Aiu Sha in 1998 and it has been a hit in the city and in the countryside.
Lucknow: Congress General Secretary Priyanka Gandhi Vadra has been arrested since yesterday for her attempt to visit Lakhimpur Kheri.
Shillong, June 29: The Sordar of Raid Kongthong, on Thursday which falls on the Shyllong Market Day, held a ritual of thanksgiving and prayer to God. The Lord said that the puja of their pukon was held inside the Niangpyrhai Square.
“I invite other parties, UDP, VPP, HSPDP, Congress, to support me on this occasion, to show the unity of the people,” she said.
The party also expressed its gratitude to the people who came to take part in this meeting even though they knew that as the party they cannot provide transportation, day fees and even food. the people show that the people are on the decisive side against the power of money and the rich," he added.
The lack of free flow of water in the canals and roadsides has led to flooding in some places.
He said the goal of the VPP is to seize power in KHADC and JHADC by 2024 to bring about change.
Haha how can we say that as Christians we can still be united? And if we are no longer one, how can we be united? Answer yourself as a reader.
The union also demanded from the office to appoint a Lineman as there is no one to look after the Narpuh area from Tongseng, Sonapyrdi to Ratacherra as this will make it easier for the people when there are many electricity problems. .
Dr. D.I.Kyam.
There will be thunderstorms and thunderstorms across the state, the Meteorological Department of the Government of India said.
“To make Tura a rainy season city, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma and his Cabinet have an important role to play in declaring and approving Tura as a rainy season city. I believe he will soon take this step," he said.
Inside the box, police found a short gun, 85 rounds of dynamite, a plate, a water bottle, 7 cartridges, 90 rounds of explosives, 3 rounds of explosives. that open.
The BJP has announced that Vishnu Deo Sai, a former Union Minister, will be the new Chief Minister of Chhattisgarh.
These SOPs passed by the NPP government affect and are a threat to the people and the middle income people.
The UDP has called on the people to come out on the 7th of this month to unite against the MUDA's border crossing to the rural areas. The General Executive Committee of the Laitkor Dorbar Pyllun has decided to schedule the programme, on the morning of 4th June 2017, by inviting and sending the MLA and MDC to speak on the 7th June and to send back the notices to the villages which have been affected by the notice sent earlier which did not include the MLA and MDC to attend and deliver speeches on that day.
As the harvest season has arrived, the District authorities have decided to allow the security forces to allow the farmers of Lapangap to harvest their rice.
The 10th Annual Kiew Pyneh Rngiew of the Seng Khasi Kmie, organized by the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee and the Tymmen U San Committee, has been completed today at the Sohpetbneng Lum.
The church is in violation of the state government's rule that the number of churchgoers should not exceed
Therefore, not only those who live in the world but also those who live in the world suffer.
Ridian Syiem, President of the Organization, Patricia Marsing, in the presence of all the members, Rangbah Shnong Mr Hobar Langi, Secretary Shnong Bah Shanbor Syiem and Asha of the village. to keep clean and follow the government's guidelines especially to stay social distancing from each other to avoid covid1
Shillong, Jymmang 23: Former MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Embhahlang B. Syiemlieh, Sarita Lyngdoh and Bah Bankyrshanborlang L. Nongbri on Tuesday filed a complaint against the Returning Officer of the Mawlai Constituency. The Indian National Congress (INC) candidate Marbud Dkhar has alleged that these three persons were bought with money by the NPP candidate Teiborlang Pathaw.
“There is also a need for a strong security force along the border between Meghalaya and Assam because if the security force is strong, such incidents will not happen,” he said.
After Alcaraz's victory in the semifinals, his next opponent will be another Spaniard, Alejandro Davidovich Fokina; who defeated Emil Rusuvori 6-4, 7-5
KSU Mawprem Circle strongly warns against foreigners whether they are men or women that if they attack their fellow Khasi, the KSU Mawprem Circle will take strong action against them, said a statement from Bah Arrestone Thabah, President, KSU Mawprem Circle. and Bah Sambha Shylla, General Secretary, KSU Mawprem Circle.
Nongpoh, Naitung 20: Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem has confirmed that the water shortage in Nongpoh area will soon be resolved after the villages under the Census Town have received the JJM scheme through the Ministry. of Jal Shakti of the Central Government, to deliver water to every household, as many of the villages in the Census Town do not receive adequate drinking water due to the inability to implement this scheme.
On the 6th of June this year, Bah Roning Nongkynrih, 32, of Jalynteng, Nongkynrih, was shot dead by BSF troops at Mawshun.
In a complaint lodged with the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills, the Convener of the ECC, Rieweh Kupar Sutnga said, “We demand that you should immediately close down all the illegal coke factories in Sutnga District.
Government officials said that youths over the age of 15 years have become involved in drug abuse, and the relevant departments should identify and provide training to such students so that that they may be free from the addiction to drugs.
In the Under-17 girls' category, the semi final will be between North Liberty Higher Secondary School vs. Jowai Government UP and RMSA School, and Kiang Nangbah Government High School vs. Police Public school.
In this regard, Sindhu played well and defeated Japanese opponent Aya Ohori 21-16, 21-2 11.
Lahkmen said that since 2018-19, he has made it clear that his goal as minister, this department, is to improve the schools to appoint teachers. He said that the state government has taken a lot of attention to improve the quality of education in the state where in the last 3 years alone more than 2000 schools have been opened. Lower Primary Schools have been able to upgrade their school buildings.
It was when we met with the DC that she gave us permission to sleep here in front of the MBOSE office”.
The award was also divided into seven categories of the Aadhvika Award which honors the achievements of women. Rani Pathak Das of USTM was one of the recipients of this award.
However, I thought that we were truly blessed to have the spirit of commitment of all the Villages.
James Ban Basaiawmoit, KHNAM MDC from Mawkhar, said that as a member of the PDF, he had no knowledge of the NOC issued by KHADC and he was not informed as a member of the PDF. James Ban is also a member of the committee headed by Hadrian to look into the issue of roads. However, the committee headed by Bah Hadrian has not given its opinion to the Executive Committee on the road from Wahkaji to Mawthabah which is about 20 kilometers long. According to the report, the committee has urged the KHADC to issue the NOC and it has been issued.
Corporate interference in the freedom of the media and journalists has increased in the country and around the world especially when the news reveals their corruption and theft in business and corporate life. their.
He said that the one-way road from Barik Point to Civil Hospital and another busy road from IGP Point to Khyndai Lad have caused many injuries due to the reckless driving of the drivers. especially at night which puts the people in danger.
Investigation into the arrest of these Nigerians and the villagers who helped them enter the Indian border is ongoing.
Khliehriat, July 22: The Hynniewtrep Territory Organization East Jaintia Hills District today celebrated the birth anniversary of Thomas Jones. Members of the party have inspected and closed down several government offices and banks which have opened on this day declared a public holiday, which no longer respects such a special day of the nation.
This is the official website of Shillong Police.
but he that believeth not shall be damned" John 3:1
These methods kill the poor and needy.
The sale and purchase of rice, kubi and other commodities is and should be available around the markets and villages, as usual.
This protest has revived the spirit of patriotism and patriotism of the Khasi Khara people of Hynniewtrep and this spirit of patriotism has been evident in the youth men and women who have come out to fight against the violence. , discrimination and discrimination as a nation in front of other high paid nations.
Among many, the teacher praises Halbert for being talented in this area.
The school was established by the Dorbar Shnong Puriang in the year 2000 with the financial support of the residents who want to bring education to their children and future generations.
Guwahati: The Congress party today lost two senior leaders, one of whom joined the TMC and another who joined the ULFA (I ).
The government on Tuesday issued an order to ban the internet following the shooting death of four residents of Mukroh by Assam police.
This coexistence and mutual use is called biodiversity.
“We have discussed all three departments from Generation, Transmission and Distribution,” he said.
However, if the honorarium is only T.1000/- per month which costs only 30 days and the fee is only 10 months per year, they demanded that it should not be paid. You can pay for up to 12 months a year because in December you have to prepare for Christmas.
Whether it is wrong or right, you cannot touch them.
Shillong, Nailar 5: Police have banned the screening of a film at St. Anthony's College, Shillong.
Therefore, the NPP will not allow the AITC to mislead the people with these false promises and will continue to reveal the facts.
Shillong: The Shillong Run will be held on the 10th July 2019 at 5.30 pm on the theme “Run with Different Ability .
The total number of goods registered under the goods recognition scheme is
The court today ordered the anticipatory bail of these persons following the order of the Supreme Court.
Jowai: U Andrew Shullai, Chief Executive Member of the Jaintia Hills District Council, has resigned from his post.
The work to release the vehicles is still ongoing.
The producer of the film, Commander Shangpliang, said that the figure was obtained based on the sale of tickets.
Shillong: The Supreme Court on the 15th of this month has tied up the coal traders in the state. in the field with many many crores of rupees.
In the men's category, Skhemlang Suba finished second in the men's category of PRC Meghalaya. Anil Guram finished in 01:08:35 and Adhrishya finished in 01:08:5
Referring to the demand for the amendment of the policy, Bah Martle said that the demand is reasonable because as of now it has gone too far and it is reasonable for the government to amend the policy. the policy of the state government.
Dr. Batskhem said that the VPP has read carefully the Lokayukta Act which will take to the streets, because it has found the government's misconduct, because of the manner in which the three The officer is illegal and unfounded.
Shortly after, on Tuesday, two IED bombs were seized from the hilly forests of Mahuatoli, which falls under the jurisdiction of Mahabuang Police Station in Simdega district by the NIA and state police force.
“I don't agree with what he says, I don't agree but if you look at the past facts, the vote share is different and I think it's easy to just say a word but it's difficult to implement,” he said. added.
In a statement sent to the media, the Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) of East Khasi Hills District, with the support of the Director General of Police ( DGP Dr. LR Bishnoi have seized 10.78gm of heroin from Demthring village from a house of the arrested person this morning.
The PHE in Shillong has allocated water to the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) to distribute to all households within its jurisdiction.
As the proverb says, “Don't walk in surprise, lest you come to shame”.
The Sports and Youth Affairs Office of the State Government today honored the medal winners of the Khelo India Youth Games 2021-2 , and the year 2022-2023 at the State Convention Center.
The opening ceremony of the Annual Varsity Fest 2023 was concluded with a program held at the Multi Use Convention Hall, NEHU, in which the Vice-Chancellor of North Eastern Hill University was the chief guest.
“When we seized the vehicle together with Samaresh Das and Sub-Division Police Officer Debasish Saha, we seized 30 kilos of Ganja from the vehicle. The SP said that about 16 Naka Points have been set up across the state since 19th July. This was announced by the Prime Minister Dr Manik Saha.
Samuel said the Court has also divided its jurisdiction to hear cases from the North East and the Mainland States.
According to a statement issued by the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, the ceremony will start at 9 pm from Basa Diengkaiñ (Khlieh Ïewduh) until the end of the ceremony at Basa Kwai.
The film aims to showcase to the world the new religious thought of the Khasi through stories, especially the story of Sohpetbneng which explains the birth of Hynniewtrep Hynniawasa and how the world came into being. , the lyngit ka lyngor and the sacred date for all of us and also to take care of Mei Ramew.
KhubleiHa sohra there is a maw3 head that is called the riat maw market scientists say it will not rise. Please tell us when it happened, so that we can know more details, or give us your number. just talk.
Thangkhiew said that the increase in the price of goods is due to the collection of money by the police from the daily trucks from Byrni to Umkiang.
However, the recent announcement of the Law Commission on July 14, 2023 on the implementation of the ICC has been deeply concerning.
Aldrin said he used to live in theft in Shillong, but he left Shillong because he wanted a better life.
Birla also praised the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly for holding the session amidst the pandemic.
We can also ensure that Meghalaya will be one of the best states in the country if the youth are fully developed as they are the future of the state,” he said.
The new NPP Block in these constituencies will not allow the NPP leaders to participate in the MLA elections,
The existence of the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act which prohibits other Indian officials from buying or owning land in the state has been a real threat to the minorities in the state.
“Through the completion of the Crowborough Hotel, MTDC will be able to set up 4 units which the MTDC will lease to the private sector so that it can improve the employment opportunities for the youth. The Managing Director (MD) of MTDC, Ciril V Lyngdoh, today said that the MTDC will prepare a vision documents for 20 years so that the MTDC and the state as a whole can collect revenue. more in the years to come.
On the allegation that the MDA government has not brought any development works in the state, he said it will be left to the people of the state to decide in
Clarence Jason Rajee, 28, former resident of Wahingdoh and now resident of Pohkseh, is allegedly involved in the case.
Regarding the government's assistance to the public especially to the poor women, Dr M.Pohshna, Medical & Health Officer, Nonglang PHC, explained. He recalled that the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) is very important that the government has implemented to provide assistance to every household across the country.
Students, teachers, journalists and others attended the event.
Both the group of Bah Lapang and the group of Mukul Sangma have admitted that one is in short supply and the other is in short supply.
He said he is ready to suggest to the council to take other new ways to generate revenue for the council without relying solely on coal.
I also say that if the Government listens to the demand I think it is enough and if the Government changes and does not implement the demand of these (teachers) we will also come out to support their demand. ," he said.
In this march to highlight the importance of environmental protection and strengthening of indigenous food; On the part of NESFAS, some of the participants sent by it took part in the march and carried the flag of India.
Although he did not say whether he was involved in the protest to overthrow Dr Mukul Sangma, Rowel said it was up to the MLAs to decide on the leader.
Meanwhile, Arpit Jain tweeted that two incidents in three days have undermined the confidence of the court, one involving Jayalitha and the other involving Jayalitha. The Bombay High Court has heard the case against Salman Khan.
This is a small article to ask a little question about this Ri Hynniewtrep Hynniawwasa which we like to call ieit as –bad.
To date, nearly 5,000 students have passed from the University and it has also achieved the highest rank among private universities in the past three years.
The Union has stipulated that the meetings of the leaders should be held only once at one place, such as Thadmuthlong A, Thadmuthlong B, Thadmuthlong C, Phramer and Muthlong Rim.
Therefore, the relatives and others who have any contact with the deceased are urged to call these numbers immediately for the collection of the body.
“We thank him, because the forests have survived because of the care of those ryngku ki basa.
Stalin also decided that all those who go for treatment for the corona virus will be paid from the Chief Minister's Insurance. Scheme and he also set up a special department to look after the problems of the people in the state, where he received lakhs of letters, during the election campaign and announced that These issues of the people will be resolved within 100 days.
Batman will not be able to fly in the coming days because of the Coronavirus.
And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up;
We have already arranged to take him on the way to Nongpoh as he is also one of those who took part in the programme.
"The escape of questions is guaranteed.
At the end of the programme, the winner of the drawing competition organized by the Catholic Youth Association was awarded prizes by the Guest of Honor, Ma.
He said the construction of the roundabout will be supervised by the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Guwahati and IIT Roorkee.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner, MCS, G.Warjri, MCS, said that the department has organized such a special programme. In order to know and understand the contribution of women in the development of society at the same time, he urged women to come forward to contribute more in other areas as well. increase the area.
These special teams were deployed after a High Court complaint regarding the fire at a garbage dump in Brahmapuram.
Shillong, Lber 01: The Sur U Paidbah Hynniewtrep (KSU) has proposed that a Khasi should be the Prime Minister this time.
MPCC President Dr DD Lapang and UDP Working President Bah Paul Lyngdoh were also present at the meeting.
Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal announced the three days of condolences for Gogoi and said in a statement.
The death toll has risen to 780 and 4,587 people are still infected.
Shillong, March 17: U Bah Mathius Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi of Umniuh-umiamkhwan village, Umiam district on the 24th of this month has sold his fish. The price of this fish is about T.1500 spah.
More than 23,700 people have been killed in the earthquake in Turkey and Syria, while the death toll has risen, according to reports received so far this morning. Saturday.
Speaking to reporters, some political experts said, “Until now, we cannot say why these five candidates were defeated.
The testimony came in one day.
According to the Meteorological Department, on 14th November, the rainfall in the 24 hours before that day, reached 110.6mm.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 24: Four political parties have come to explain their election campaign at Langpih Market, a place where there is frequent violence on the Assam border. NPP, Congress, BJP and HSPDP. The NPP was the first party to explain to the public, but although Kimfa Marbaniang did not come himself but World Champion Paliar came to lead to explain the grounds. of me.
He was charged under sections 264, 323 and 342 of the IPC and also under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPA) Act.
On this occasion, an information competition was also held in which the students took part.
Two deaths have been reported, one of which has been injected and one has not been injected.
On behalf of Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12-Daloi, we would like to thank the District Administration for giving us the permission to hold this tournament. .
Dr Shakir Saleem Jabali wrote in the International Journal of Surgery Case that they have found Triphallia in one child and said that the treatment is to remove the two genitals. , is very unlikely, says the doctor.
He said that the central government will have to consider carefully before giving permission to implement the ILP in Meghalaya. Meghalaya and to say now he doesn't want to.
Such suffering [of the Jews] makes the one who is afraid to become brave, and the one who is hard-hearted to make a decision (for example, '4').
The chief guest at this annual celebration was the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam Syiem.
Unfortunately, in these days, as the technology has increased, while other countries have increased to improve agriculture by introducing new technology, equipment but in this state. and the rep of the riang went down.
The time is still open for us to wake up before it is too late and before the worst happens.
The film will be screened at Iungwalieh Panaliar from 1st to 6th November 2023 at 2.00 PM, 4.00 PM, 6.00 PM and 8.00 PM. The film stars Ekratia Khongtiang and Asunta Papang, Petros RK Rymbai, Some Mary Dkhar, Elizer Bareh, Goldenstar Suchiang. , Sanjay Pradhan and others.
Shillong: The Rangbah Shnongs of Pynursla C&RD Block, Urksew and Pynursla Circle have immediately denied the allegation by the Riwar Mihngi Development Organization (RMDO) that they have taken money. illegal for the purpose of obtaining Adhaar cards for the residents.
T.1451.84 crore has been approved for the Market Development Assistance (MDA) for the promotion of Organic Fertilizers from Gobardhan Plants. rescue, fertilization, and improvement of the environment.
The article also said that farmers used to take loans from banks to expand their farming but when there is damage caused by natural disasters they have to borrow money from banks and this happened. In the years 2012 to 2015, many farmers are still farming.
Rangdajied coach Aibanjop Shadap said that the result of the semi final has encouraged the players, but they need to be determined to improve their performance.
As part of the celebrations of the 65th anniversary of the All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM), Hyderabad MP and party chief Asaduddin Owaisi on Friday said that His party will contest the upcoming elections in Rajasthan and Karnataka, and also intends to contest the Assembly elections in Telangana. process.
Shillong, Lber 22: The High Court on Tuesday dismissed the Suo Moto petition filed against the MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum. CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in
“The allegation that the HNLC has taken an urgent decision is wrong because the peace talks have been going on for more than two years and many times we have already informed the government about the peace talks. If the government has a real intention to achieve this, it should take action on these demands of the union because this issue requires the will of the government and not through the law. .
On this occasion, the TVWPS also submitted a petition to Bah AL Hek to look into and help address many of the shortcomings and problems faced by the people in the area.
On the part of Bah JA Lyngdoh through his son, Samla George Sunn, donated to the LSYSO as a sign of gratitude for the improvement of the stadium at Ladmawreng Umpohtih.
Shillong, March 11: Two members of the KSU Mawprem Circle, who were arrested yesterday, have been remanded in custody for six days.
Nina Nair – Senior Vice President & HRD Head, India & Americas, said, “We believe in supporting our team members so that there is a sense of belonging in the work they do. and in their personal lives.
He said that although only a few months have passed since the EC in KHADC, many things have been done and when the MDC elections have been announced it is the duty of the current MDCs to meet with the people.
Therefore, everyone has to be vigilant and wait for the decision of the Regional Committees and the Assam and Meghalaya governments on the border.
Furthermore, about 2 lakh people including block and panchayat members, farmers and people working in other occupations, will join the program through the internet.
He said that Mawphlang is too crowded because there is only one road for vehicles.
Similarly, the implementation of the National Digital Health Blueprint through the National Digital Health Mission.
The air is clean, the water is clean, and there is peace.
According to Babu Khongjirem, the examination system is better than the old system of allowing the schools to be set up and run by the MBOSE. pay Rs 150 as question fee and this price is very affordable for children.
Ms.Anjali Sarvani5.
These seven villages include Warmawsaw, Umsohbar, Bakhlapara, Jimirigang, Hawla and Lyngkhung under the Warmawsaw-Umsohbar Raid.
Karachi, Jymmang 13: ISIS militants in Pakistan have shocked the people of Pakistan this morning when members of the group entered a bus and shot dead at least 43 people. Out of these 43, 16 are women.
People who work hard don’t have time to sit idle or sleep.
All this happened after Ms Marbarisha was encouraged by her son's interest in shooting pistols and as time went by, she took her son to be trained at the pistol shooting training center and encouraged him. you son.
When asked how the TMC will resolve the border issue when Assam is ruled by the BJP, the West Bengal Chief Minister said, “Sometimes we have to fight, we have to go along according to politics. , and we have to fight against the people but how to resolve this issue we don't want to reveal now"
Mawkyrwat, Lber 12: The Young Pirates have won the 1st TL Pariong Memorial Football Tournament 2024 with Ïawpaw Football Club and Thiepdiengan Football Club winning the 1st TL Pariong Memorial Football Tournament.
The Minister of Transport should not think that the Government of Meghalaya is a company, and he should feel like the manager of the company and do whatever he wants.
Four members of the two Sengbhalang were arrested from Mawlai and Jaiaw on 3rd November, while two members from Jaiaw were arrested on 4th November. Jail after 24 days in custody at the scene.
The petition is to inform about the suspension of the Kynshi Project which has been signed between M/s Anthena Pvt Ltd since 2007, during the tenure of Mukul Sangma as Power Minister. of the former Government in that year.
And it came to pass at the end of four hundred and thirty years, even the self same day it came to pass, when they went out of the land of Egypt.
I am deeply saddened that Michael, 74, was not in good health, he was attacked by the robbers,” said THS Bonney.
That is why this village was chosen to implement this project.
Because it is said that the number of tourists to Hong Kong, is still declining even today.
“It is a complete fraud after the announcement that the NEP will be implemented through the decision of the 110th Academic Council,” he said.
Renikton Lyngdoh, MLA of the HSPDP, said that the people of Ampati have elected Mukul Sangma for seven consecutive terms and it is through them that he has got the post of Chief Minister for the post of Chief Minister. for five years, however, he left them for his own political gain.
Here you will see how many agree and how many disagree with this statement of mine.
Meghalaya should follow suit for the benefit of the people of Garo Hills who have been neglected for a long time in terms of recognition and development,” said the petition.
This is also a disease that requires treatment to avoid bad habits.
Shillong: The Ministry of Home Affairs (MoD) has summoned the state government after receiving a complaint against the HNLC for its harassment of people living in Iewmawlong area.
This is an illegal activity and is only for the purpose of collecting illegal wealth from the people.
As part of the Skills Meghalaya scheme, the Government of Meghalaya has allocated up to T.50,000 to each candidate through the Meghalaya State Skill Development Society (MSSDS). about 300 patients in the coming years.
“This is not only about New Shillong which needs to be improved but we also need to ensure that the present Shillong will improve while the construction of the new Shillong is far from the present.
Shabas bah is what you said we also agree because in such a place of ours which is famous for its rainfall what is the point of bringing back the dry process? It is a failure of the government.
Is our government only for its servants or for the farmers? Not only are the farmers and farmers not equal to the government servants; However, even the money allocated by the Central Government to help them has been wasted for three years and the officers in charge of that department, most of them, are Christians, while in the bui showed that it had been distributed to the farmers.
However, that artillery has passed, but that payment is not there yet.
The vacancy of the rooms constructed by the state health department at Umsawli in Mawpat village, has been like a waste of public money.
When the school grew rapidly with the number of students, the Government in 1880 amalgamated it with the Mission Proceeding High School, Mawkhar and became known as the Shillong Government Boys. ' High School is now.
Two smugglers were also arrested, according to a source from the border guards.
The brother of the policeman disappeared from the parking lot at Tura Market at 7:20 pm on Friday.
In the women's 60 kg category, Yirmi Jagoi (Women's College) came first, Durka Padit (Shillong College) came second and Phidalin Mary Pathaw (St.Mary's College) came third.
They also said that if the Assam government provides only development schemes, that is enough.
And one of them said unto Jesus, Lord, remember me when thou comest into thy kingdom.
Meghalaya has now entered the map of the railway sector in the country.
On this occasion, the exhibition and sale of various products produced by government departments such as the Department of Fishery, Agriculture, Veterinary & Animal Husbandry, Commerce and Industries and others was witnessed. produced by farmers and local organizations.
After the investigation, the charge sheet was handed over on January 1,
This has affected the students of the State as they have to take the examination only with NCERT books”.
The pair escaped from jail in March last year after serving nine months in jail.
It should also be ensured that the cows are well secured to avoid theft.
On the other hand, the CEM said that the KHADC has now prepared a Land Bill to make it easier for the people to register their land especially the land within the border. you're better.
The girl was from Moolamanoh village and had gone for a walk with her family, but suddenly she fell and drowned.
In connection with this visit, the MBA wishes them every success, to bring fame and glory to the state, the country and the nation as a whole.
The APSTA Mairang Unit invites everyone to take part in this celebration.
I have also mentioned to Chief Minister Conrad that the treatment of those infected with Covid-19 at home will increase the spread of the disease. ) Government, with no doctors and nurses.
After that he took over the posts of the Hima and was appointed as the Attorney General of the Hima Nongstoin from 1940 to
As the candidate for this election, Bah Shemphang said that he has many desires to shape and change the Mawhati Constituency especially he is a man who has a vision to see the problems of the people as it is now. Youth Policy or Youth Development Program will be developed to address the problems of farmers, to improve health, educational institutions. From Mawhati area they have to flee to Shillong and other places and have to stay away from home even at an early age.
And they said unto him, Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up into heaven? This same Jesus, which is taken up from you into heaven, shall so come in like manner as ye have seen him go into heaven” (Acts 1:11).
The new cases are one from Dimapur and four from Kohima. They have recently returned from Chennai.
He also urged the students to be obedient to their teachers and to become students who will shine for the country and the society.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Titosterwel Chyne said that the UDP has encouraged this young man in his talents and it is an honor not only for the state, but for the nation. whole.
After the rituals at the Raij Mawbuh, the elders of the San went up to the altar on the top of Mount Sohpetbneng for the rituals and rituals that ended immediately. and he blessed the grain, before distributing it to the people.
He said that this road will serve West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills and also many villages under East Khasi Hills. vehicles pass through this road.
She said that the price of one MTAB is T.8990 tyngka, and this price includes the tablet hardware and educational content inside it, but the price was not disclosed in the news. of the tablet includes educational content.
His arrest came hours before the JAC held a public meeting in Bhoirymbong to explain its opposition to the closure of the Cherry Blossom Festival on Friday.
