BJP leaders in Meghalaya have come out to celebrate the party's victory in the three states where the MLA elections were held in the presence of the Minister, Bah AL Hek and others. Office bearers and members of the party took to the streets in front of the party's headquarters in Shillong to wave flags and throw bombs on Tuesday.
We don't know whether the amount of aid will increase or remain the same or decrease but it is true that many people think that if there is the same party in power in Delhi and Shillong, it will be much easier to go for aid.
Police said that according to witnesses, the reason why the bike collided with the divider was due to excessive speed. by the driver of the bike.
If teams want to develop their own youth in sports, as managers if possible avoid buying or importing,” said Bajop.
There are those who have T.8 thousand and T.4 thousand.
KSU Lapangap unit has said that it will not stand idly by and will continue to monitor this issue. The KSU Lapangap unit has wasted public money and has not brought any benefit to the people. until the truth is found.
Besides, she urged the children to focus on sports so that they can achieve their goals.
On this occasion, Ms. SM Bang promised to cooperate physically and spiritually with the health department through Anganwadi workers, ASHAs and others, so that this vaccination mission will be a success and to achieve tika to all those who have not completed their doses.
SHILLONG: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) has launched a protest program by raising flags across the state to force the State Government to implement the ILP in the State.
Others who attended the ceremony included Disuk Tariang, Block Project Manager, Block Project Manager, employees of Amlarem Block Mission Management Unit and members and leaders of 12 SHGs. The 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022, the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022, will be marked by a song by the VO team. The Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) has gathered together the best boxers and boxers from 10th to 16th November 2022 in Shillong. The selection cum coaching camp will last for three days, which started on the 11th and ended on the 15th of this month.
However, in the morning, all the players ate kdang and in the evening, dinner was served.
Pala said that the District Councils are the ones who protect the culture, identity and land of the people and that the issues in the ADCs are different from the issues in the ADCs. Pala said that the decision to support the NPP EC in KHADC was taken after the meeting. and leaders from Delhi.
The village does not remain silent from time to time when it receives complaints from the residents that there are drug users, but the village cannot do anything because the police do not take action on this issue.
“This rule has been adopted to ban the collection and movement of money in the state,” the government said.
Through this day, he hoped that the presence of these Farmer Producers Groups will be at the same time in order to bring closer and understanding between them and it is this unity that is the strength and need of the Farmer Producers Groups. such occasions for bringing about social change in the entire neighbourhood.
It also removes the tip kur tip kha because first the tip kur comes and then the tip kha comes.
Many of God's servants complain that there is a lack of love among fellow human beings these days even among Christians. Is that true? The answer to this question lies in all those who love to serve God. how they are men, the greatest court is in the hearts of all those who still have consciousness.
In the case of alcohol; I wonder why only the French kyiad shops have been lined up in Rilum Khasi? Why has the pyrsi kyiad which is the Khasi kyiad which we as a nation have produced and used since ancient times and until now in rituals but the government authorities and even the village authorities are working hard to eradicate it? Perhaps if a special law was recognized and passed for kyiad pyrsi, perhaps the women and young people would be free from standing on the streets in the evening.
In the final match between Rympei PIP FT Shillong and South West Khasi Hills District Police FT, it was a very interesting match. They are also the teams that played on the opening day of the tournament.
Vehicles are also prohibited from leaving these areas unless they have cleaned and disinfected their vehicles.
He lost his life by being buried in the ground by the collapse of a well in their house.
The project cost is T.2.5 crore and the work will be done by Trinity Impex International, Delhi.
To date, there are nine new parishes to be opened.
Earlier, the President had fled the country, saying he was going to take refuge in the western parts of the country.
The Union will stand on the ground that it will not allow the destruction of this hospital because as it is now, it is very difficult to get land to build another hospital.
Today, this village, although very old, still has only about 150 households, not counting Moodop which has got its own village.
The good news is that all the Samaritans believed in Jesus and said – “Now we believe, not because of thy saying: for we have heard him ourselves, and know that this is indeed the Christ, the Savior of the world. Christ is the Savior of the world" John 4:39-4
The gold medal winners were Andy Taro (45kg 14-15 years), Monica Nongrum (67 kg), Dameshwa Marten (48 kg 14-15 years), Abilities Diengdoh. (57 kg above 23-40 years), Daniewkor Mynsong (42kg 14-15years), Pynnehbor Mylliemngap (48 Kg above 23-40years), Jessica Thabah (60 Kg U-23 years) and Jenifer Mukhim (54kg 16).
There are two news, which the readers of urupang.com, have been very interested in the past few days.
Methods of destruction by force and violence are only weapons of oppression and violence.
She also urged the government to look into the companies that come from abroad because of their illegal earnings without getting permission to operate in Shillong.
The SP of WJH, Bah Lakador Syiem, has issued an order that the police department will arrest and fine or set along anyone who violates the order of the government. Social Distancing which is the only way to prevent the spread of the disease.
Three miners were killed and 12 injured in a collapse of a coal mine in Murïap, East Jaintia Hills District.
According to the law, those who drive vehicles must be 18 years of age or older and must have a license showing that they are skilled and not those who have just been trained.
The meeting was considered as a top secret meeting as it was the plan of the Opposition to proceed in any manner on the next day which will be the day of the session in the House. They have passed a law to show that they don't trust the current government.
The Khasi youth was identified as Denis Thabah of Kongwang village.
Shillong: The Superintendent of Police (SP) of East Khasi Hills, Claudia A Lyngwa today said that a man who escaped from the Civil Hospital Shillong is a drug addict.
Today, the people of this area call this village Disyiang.
Earlier, the opposition had raised the motion of no confidence in the government, but the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, refused to allow the motion.
Bahunlang Synrem scored the second goal for Mawlai SC in the 65+1 minutes.
We hear from the prophets in the meetings that Jesus performed many miracles.
Shah Rukh's first role in the railway station was in 1995, in the film Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge (DDLJ), in which he met Raj Malhotra. Kajol, also known as Simran Singh, at the railway station in Europe.
He said that it should also be looked into the kind of people who live in those areas.
Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Kumar Deb said they were from Bangladesh, Mumbai, Chennai and Delhi.
These 19 residential schools include three in West Jaintia Hills, Sabahmuswang Residential School in Thadlaskein, Shangpung Residential School in Laskein and Pdengshakap in Amlarem.
When it comes to education, it has declined sharply, and there is no preparation for health as happened during the outbreak of COVID-1
To celebrate this anniversary, the Iahunlang Demthring Village Organization (IAO) has held a program in the evening at the Hall of Demthring Village, under the leadership of the President and Secretary.
And the multitude that passed by was glad.
He added that according to his information, the HSPDP candidate has prepared well.
He said that our society has two types of diseases, one is the foreign disease caused by the illegal entry of foreigners, the lack of jobs in the daytime, and others. of.
Samla K.Niangbri of the NHP in his speech strongly condemned the killing of innocent people by the Assam police who are the brothers and sisters of the jaitbynriew. Assam Police and Forest Guards have been involved in the attack.
Gabriel Wahlang said that during the inspection of the license from foreign shops, the Council has also directed the foreign shopkeepers to appoint a foreign assistant in their shops.
“If you don't amend the MOU as you promised, if you don't amend the Reservation Policy, if you don't set up an investigation into many corruption cases and if you don't give 5 lakh jobs, we will fight. “We will give you five years to do as you promised,” he added.
Fortunately, odd and even number vehicles are still operating, there is less traffic jam and tourist vehicles from Assam are not allowed to enter.
In this age, there are many changes in the search and discovery of various electronic devices, said Bah Pyngrope.
JOWAI: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) on Tuesday elected Ailad Bhoi as the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong: The results of the MPSC examination for the posts of Junior Engineers of several government departments have been released on social media. you have created and you have created.
HSS, Police Public Secondary School, Jowai Govt.
These candidates include UDP MLA from Khliehriat Constituency Kyrmen Shylla.
The 6th Schedule Under the Constitution of India, the Government of India has introduced the 6th Schedule, which is a protective scheme that empowers District Councils throughout the North-East. .
For heavy vehicles coming from Mawngap area, efforts will be made to enter the parking lots near the Jingiaseng venue and at Madan Tataw, which is only about 10 kilometers away, while small vehicles will be allowed to enter the parking lots. in the place of prayer.
Despite the heavy rainfall, the residents of Mukhaialong came out to plant up to 500 trees of which 200 trees were donated by the DFO Wildlife and 300 trees were provided by the village authority.
The death toll in Italy has risen to more than 10,000 and the death toll in the United States has risen to 2,0 the whole world.
“The district councils are the NPP's targets to sell up to 400 million tonnes of ore and up to 600 million tonnes of coal according to the Atomic Minerals Division of the Government of India,” Pariat said.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: After the implementation of the Aquaculture Mission to promote fish farming a few years ago, the government has now decided to promote livestock farming especially pig farming.
The program will start on the 2nd July 2023 with the Carrom Board and end on the 7th July 2023 with the Dancing.
Shillong, Lber 14 : The first match of the U-15 Inter District Cricket Tournament 2023 sponsored by the MCA has ended with a draw between Ri-Bhoi and Shillong. Ri-Bhoi, in the match on Tuesday.
In today’s environment, as leaders in positions of responsibility, we must find solutions to problems.
Right to education on consumer rights.
SHILLONG: More than 1900 athletes will participate in 14 sports and no less than ₹70 lakh has been allocated for the Meghalaya Games.
Shillong, Nailur 24 : The Custom Department on Saturday morning arrested three gold smugglers from Shillong and seized foreign gold biscuits worth Rs 1 crore.
5% has also been allocated for sportsmen in schools, colleges and universities.
Priyanka Chaturvedi, of the Shiv Sena, said, “There is now a state, the first in the country or in the world, which has no cases of covid-1 The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has announced that there are no cases of covid-1
Anuraq Chaudhury today attended a meeting of gausevaks and discussed the issue of cattle breeding. Those who wish to obtain a license should donate 40 blankets to the cow farms and these are to cover the cows.
Doesn't this show that the employees of this department are only interested in the reports they receive from the newspapers and from time to time by sitting on chairs and tables while on the ground they don't work at all? .
In addition, the US said that although the fighting between the two armed groups has destroyed villages, tortured and claimed the lives of many civilians, but sadly It is unlikely that these leaders will reach peace because the conflict between the two sides is still very strong and therefore these leaders have been temporarily allowing other countries to leave. They are the people of Sudan.
Mahua Mitra said that the NPP and BJP are thinking that the people of Meghalaya are stupid but let us not be accused of being in that regard. Because it has been witnessed that during the rule of the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP there have been no development projects especially the improvement of the road from Shillong to Mawkyrwat and especially the two lane road. The people have been waiting for a long time, and during the rule of the MDA government, many development works have not been done properly whether it is in the roads, schools, health facilities and other public benefits.
As part of the investigation, the Assam Rifles and Mizoram Police conducted raids in parts of Tlangpuikawn area in Siaha district and in In this operation, they seized a large number of firearms.
She said she is in talks with the UGC to set up a training center for SC/ST students at NEHU to sit for the NET examination.
Kaseem Al Zein's goal in the 77th minute was enough for Laban to beat India and secure third place in the 49th King's Cup 700th Anniversary Stadium in Chiang Mai, Thailand on Sunday.
In such a world we citizens long, long and desire to have and live in another better, peaceful, dignified and happy world.
Nongpoh: Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) today expressed their anger over the continuous crossing of the border by Assam in the villages on the Meghalaya-Assam border. The West Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council of Hamren District, Assam, has illegally erected a plaque on a place under Sabuda village, Raid Nongtung, Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Nailar 28 : The Vice Chancellor (VC) of NEHU, Prof Prabha Shankar Shukla, on Tuesday said that he is ready to meet and discuss with the Meghalaya College Teachers Association (MCTA) to reach an agreement. common sense for the future of students.
Our children grow up to the goal of fame and glory with manga, katnga, kummanga and so on.
You don't have to shiphew.
“The JTTA requests the council and the district authorities to take action on this issue, so as to avoid various diseases if this garbage remains stuck in this market.
When the coroners entered the school to examine the bodies, Robin, grabbed a stick from the neck of one of the coroners and immediately shouted, “I haven't “I'm not dead, please give me water,” said Robin, 35 years old.
They also expressed their gratitude to Bah KP Pangñiang, former MLA of the area, who worked hard during his tenure as Nongmihkhmat, by going personally to Delhi to provide the documents. Langja-Mawthawkrah road and from Mawthawkrah to Nongkhalañ, which connects the Tynghor-Athiabari road, which has been implemented under the same PMGSY scheme. They said that through his hard work, the 10 km road from Ktiehthawiar to Langpih, which has been completed since April last year, has been cleaned.
Shyamnath is from Velliparamba in eastern Kerala and has been working as a chief executive officer at MSC Aries for the past 10 years.
If the Chief Minister of the state is not present, the government will not last for these three years.
Isaiah 2:4 “And he shall judge among the heathen, and shall rebuke many people : and they shall beat the sword, and the spear, and the javelin; March past RSS?!. They don't teach us to fight anymore."
Ïarihun Songthiang scored two goals in the 21st and 50th minutes for Ïewrynghep and one was scored earlier by Nazareen Nongdhar in the 5th minute.
Speaking to media, SOSS founder Preeti Thapa said that this is the first time to hold such a competition.
This is because our farmers have lagged behind in agriculture.
NDTV, which received the letter, said that Dr Mukul Sangma has also informed Sonia Gandhi that Shillong Lok Sabha MP Vincent Pala has gone to meet with BJP leaders. He said that Dr. Mukul's letter has explained that the Congress party has 30 MLAs in the 60-member Assembly. the Khasi and the Garo.
The news that Ïalong spread throughout Jaintia Hills.
We also informed them that the Government has decided to relocate all 342 households to the Quarter of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) at Bishop's Cotton Road.
The purpose of the Lok Adalat (People's Court) is for the Courts of the District Council, Shillong to propose settlement of cases to end all disputes by voluntary settlement in this court. Dr S Kharsyiemlieh, Judge of the District Council Court, Shillong, said that the court is for the benefit of the people.
The law is not available to Wym.
The police chief said the militants were arrested at Baramulla police station and escaped during Sehri (the stepfast eaten by Muslims before sunrise in you for not for Ramadan).
The Khasi woman is the mother of her children and takes over the Longkha from the children of her brothers and sisters.
“I have to request the President of the state to convene a meeting and take a decision, we have to send the minutes of the meeting to the Center where we contested from Shillong and Tura. the names of the candidates before the election, not at the last minute,” he said.
Riwar Jaintia COG Secondary School beat Seiñraij HS School 4-3 in the tie-breaker.
Vehicles coming from the Polo Tower Road will not be allowed to turn in the Green Hills area, but will have to turn right to the Polo Market and go to 4furlong.
Village shops have also been closed despite the DC having released two days for the people to buy their goods in the towns and suburbs.
Meanwhile, her two children are undergoing treatment for serious injuries.
He said that according to the investigation of the members of the Seng, these foreigners admitted that they intended to go to Lad Rymbai, but they arrived in Nongstoiñ under the leadership of Uma Singh. 48 years old, Rajiv Rajput 35 years old and Sanjay Singh
According to the Supreme Court, the owners of quarries must obtain a license or lease from the State Environmental Impact Assessment Authority (SEIAA) in accordance with the provisions of the Environment Protection Act They have to provide a Comprehensive Scheme and the state has to set a specific budget to spend on environmental improvement.
Matthew 25:41.
Nongpoh: Speaking to the people at Umden today, Bah Aibor Tynsong, Vice-Chairman of the MREGC and General Secretary of the National People's Party (NPP) in East Khasi Hills, on Tuesday said that When he went to Umden, it was difficult for him to reach that village, which happened only because the road was too bad.
“One of the principles of Mahatma Gandhi is to be clean and today we have many programs to make the state plastic free in the state.
“If I marry Rikynti, I don't know what I will be like.
Seven MLAs resigned from the post of MDC in November last year after the government passed the Prevention of Disqualification Amendment Bill. , 2015'.
Also present on the occasion were the General Secretary of the Seng Khasi College, Rgh.BS Rumnong, Principal, Bah WB Rynjah, teachers and students of the Seng Khasi College. at the Khasi College.
I cannot elaborate on this meeting, but we have directed the Police Department to go ahead and do whatever is necessary to ensure that such illegal activities should not happen again.
The Jaintia census system is very accurate. There are also nine cases where even after marriage, they have become kur without even giving marriage.
Oversharp Iawphniaw scored the first goal for Umsning in the 13th minute and Andyson Lapang scored the third goal in the 65th minute.
We don't want to predict what will happen.
He said it is the duty of the party as a whole and the residents of West Shillong and North Shillong to regain these seats by the ethnic parties which they have held in previous years.
On the occasion of the Republic Day, they used to ride a Hati during the parade.
Tickets for the match will be on sale from today 17th November. Tickets for the match can be obtained from Electronic Centre, Police Bazaar and Café Shillong Laitumkhrah from on the 17th and 18th.
However, when we see this, it is unacceptable in society,” he said.
“However, the party will contest from all 60 seats and we will ensure that we win alone as we are the oldest party,” he added.
The Jaintia Body Building & Fitness Association (JBB&FA) will soon hold the 3rd All Bodybuilding Championship in Jowai. Meghalaya Amateur Bodybuilding Championship Mr. Ironman Amateur 2023", which will be held on the 2nd November, 2023 at the District Library Auditorium, Mynthong, Jowai.
They also demanded that the District authorities should direct the NHAI that all local vehicles should not pay tax at the Toll Plazas in Ïalong West Jaintia and Lumshnong East Jaintia. Those who cannot collect taxes should complete the construction of Fourlane Road.
I tried to meet Rituraj Sinha.
The drone, which entered the country from the International Border (IB) in Punjab, came to drop the drugs, an army spokesman said today.
You can’t just take time off whenever you want.
Other speakers were Kong DV Lyngdoh, ADC, R. Lamare, Assistant Director of Horticulture, Foster Kharsohnoh, Mutshwa Thabah, Vice Chairman EARMACS. The competition was conducted by Kong Risakaru Lyngdoh SMS (Agronomy) and Mebanphikir Kharbuli Farm Manager KVK.
He explained that the test will be conducted as Part 1A which is languages ​​with 13 languages, Part 1B which is languages ​​which has 20 languages ​​and Part 2 which is called subject. domain or any subject in which students wish to take honors and part 3 subject General Test.
As we have seen, sports is no longer a game, but a real struggle and an opportunity to pave the way for all youngsters.
At present, the Congress has only four MDCs in the KHADC. According to a Congress source, “The party office bearers and its offices have expressed their disappointment over the decision. Congress MDCs to support the NPP-led Executive Committee in KHADC.
Amlarem.
When contacted, the new Governor declined to speak to the media.
But what will he do? There is a saying that in life one should be closer to enemies than to friends.
HYC Mawlai Circle and Nongthliew Circle have gone to help many families.
The government's delay has prompted him to take measures to protest by going to sit alone in front of the Main Secretariat.
Nongstoiñ, July 30: The market for synsar farmers from all over the West Khasi Hills District has started to slow down. They went to the villages to bargain for prices.
“The welcome to the ANVC, ANVC(B) and UALA is to show that only the rebel groups from Garo Hills can sign a peace agreement with the Prime Minister,” the statement said. At the same time, the HNLC recalls what PA Sangma said that Mukul Sangma is the Chairman of all the political parties in Lum Garo.
The CMJ University was established in 2009 and has been alleged to have awarded 434 PhD degrees in the past years and enrolled 490 PhD degrees in the same year.
It leaves Jowai from Thadlaskein, Mukhla and goes to Soomer.
In the last semi final between Mawbidong Presbyterian Upper Primary School and Pyndenkenshliah Lower & Upper Primary School, Pyndenkenshliah LP & UP School won the title 1-0 Rockinson in the 57th minute of extra time.
In this regard, the athletes have requested the government especially the sports department in the state, to pay attention to those with visual impairments, so that they can They are preparing for the World Cup in April if they are selected to represent India.
Shri.Saleng Sangma (MLA Gambegre Constituency)3
Jonathone Sangma has been threatened with death by the GNLA since 2013, but his assailants have not been killed or arrested. until they were able to kill their brother-in-law, Jonathone Sangma.
He said that the decision of the Council to issue new trading licenses to foreigners should be suspended as the Trade by Non-Tribal Regulation Act 1959 clearly states that the Council cannot issue licenses to foreigners if they do not issue licenses to foreigners. the landlords were able to do their work.
He also alleged that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has not read the Act properly.
On Tuesday, BJP leaders visited Mawkyrwat to celebrate the victory of the NDA government in the last two years.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) has the power to completely change the way we live and work, but it is important to understand about it and know what it is and how it works. Core), AI is an improvement in the power of computers that can perform tasks that require human intelligence, these can do everything from small tasks such as recognizing what is in a picture and the words contained in it, to the big and difficult tasks, as well as making the right choice and decision-making and problem solving.
Jowai: A truck has been destroyed by a fire between 2:00am and 3:00am at Wapungskur, East Jaintia Hills this morning.
Without wanting to be named, the employees of the Council including officers to junior positions said that the CEM's decision to release the DA has made them very happy because of the turned out to be a Christmas present.
Shillong: U Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, today wrote to the Chief Election Commissioner of India, expressing his strong support to the 17 political parties of India, which want to abolish the EVM and introduce the EVM. the voting by ballot papers.
“If you want to pass the Ordinance, you have to bring it in the form of a Bill or it will die,” said Dr Roy.
On the first day, a Static Surveillance Team was seen standing near the office of the Deputy Commissioner for the upcoming General Election to the Lok Sabha
The young girl, who was raped, said she was abducted by a man she knew well.
Shillong, March 29: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Northern Region (HNYF) Northern Region has strongly criticized the Rangbah Shnongs of Umsning for being employed by the Agorvet company. The President of the party , Bah Banpynskhem Kharnaior , MDC Mawhati Constituency , who is also the EM of Trade Department , said that the Rangbah Shnongs of Umsning They withdrew their opposition to Meghalaya Agrovet in Tdoh Umsiang and Mawthei.
Mawlynnong is one of the villages that attracted the attention of the Prime Minister as it is the cleanest village in Asia.
What are the issues that we should establish before voting? If we write all the issues, it will be too long, so we will write only a few and we will turn back to the Synshar Khaddar in the past three years. in the state and in India as a whole.
“The Council is happy to receive revenue, we don't know A or B and we have seen that many ECs don't take action and we have seen that many MLAs are afraid that the KHADC is strong and that's why it is not enough. “It's not easy for the government to keep the accounts because the officers are illiterate, but it's difficult for the government to keep the accounts so the KHADC has taken it and given it without accounts,” said Bah Martle. Main.
The vehicles were parked at the home of AIG (A) GK Iangrai who used to work under former DGP Chandranathan and were mostly used for personal purposes.
Of these 171 cases, 146 are BSF personnel.
Explaining briefly what he found, he said that after taking the drugs, the body became sick and as soon as he got back on the drugs, all the diseases disappeared.
Besides ammunition and ammunition, the security forces in the past few days have also seized about 230 bombs from different parts of Manipur.
Before the distribution, Father Manbha gave an awareness on the issues related to the corona virus.
During the rainy season, when there is no planting, they can raise their crops and during the cultivation season, they get from their farms.
People today are so busy that they say, “God has shortened the day” but they don't know that they are busy.
The current rainfall in Mawsynram is 11802.4 mm (from 1974-2022).
According to the guidelines issued by the Government of India on Covid-19, the application of TIKA should be done at your own discretion and not at your own discretion. spirit part.
Earlier, Bah Kurbah had lodged a complaint against the MUDA officer for allegedly not providing any certificate for the construction of the well at the residence of Kong Kharpuri without the consent of the Town Planning Officer, MUDA. In the complaint, Bah Kurbah alleged that the Executive Engineer of MUDA Banriphilang Lyngdoh had issued a certificate on 13th June, 2011 that there was no danger to the construction of the well and this was a violation of the rules of MUDA. Shillong, Naiwieng 2: The number of people who have opened accounts for the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojna (PMJDY) scheme at the Federal Bank alone has reached 10,000 so far.
The men's team, which represented the state in the tournament, is in Group-C, along with Andamon & Nicobar, Goa, Haryana, Mizoram and West Bengal.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 08: It is unclean and unclean to see that the market areas or the surrounding areas are not clean due to the lack of cooperation from all sides. The spreading of garbage around the area rather than in a designated area or dustbin causes pollution.
And when it is kyrni, a man is destroyed if he doesn't get it.
I don't know why, but I'm sure it's because I'm trying to hold on to my books during Class 10 just to go to a good school but I don't get anything in the end and it's a great loss of hope in my life. of me at those times.
Urging the drivers of commercial vehicles to follow all the rules of driving for the safety of the passengers and pedestrians, the Deputy Superintendent of Police said: Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah D.Moksha in his speech also explained the penalties under the law for drivers who do not wear seat belts, bike drivers who do not wear helmets. , driving under the influence of alcohol, speeding, overloading and so on.
In conclusion, Bah HS Shylla said, “I don't remember how we did it because it doesn't make sense; It doesn't matter if it has been granted or removed, because the authority before the law belongs to the State Government.
Shillong: Nongkrem MDC Lambor Malngiang on Tuesday said he was not aware of the meeting called by KHADC CEM Latiplang Kharkongor today to discuss the CAA and other issues.
Ratangarh Temple is located 55 km from Datia district headquarters and 405 km east of Bhopal.
It is reported that they do not have adequate diving clothes like the soldiers.
In the men's category, ONYX defeated SYM (Salescian Youth Movement) by 76-70 points to win the title.
It is true that at first glance it is necessary to close the roads to prevent the entry of too many people especially during these times of law and order, but on the other hand, this closure of the public roads it is rather a tribute to our fellow citizens or fellow countrymen who are in the midst of suffering.
On the other hand, the UDP Youth Wing will continue to oppose this bill because as a nation with only 14 lakh people, it will be overwhelmed by the authorities who do not come from all over the country. bill.
He said that after the raid by the state police on suspected fuel shops, the Mazdoor Union has also come forward to lodge a complaint with the government on the allegation that there has been a smuggling even against the drivers. If it is true, the owners of the petrol pumps do not support but condemn the action of the police and let them too be punished because there is no they are not above the law.
He said that on his part, he has made it clear that the new EC will not allow the district authorities from Assam to come and intimidate the people of the jaitbynriew.
Under the State Support Mission, workshops were held to pave the way for the partnership between the Central Government and the State Governments to bring about partnerships.
“We are deeply saddened by the killing of a paradoh parasnam in Arkilo, East Jaintia Hills District and we demand from the Government to set up a team to investigate this incident. ," said Helping Phawa, President of the Seng Kur Phawa/Siangshai.
Informing that the MPCC has accepted their resignation letter, Lapang said the Congress has temporarily dissolved the Block Congress in Mawsynram and Mawkynrew.
Only trucks carrying NGT coal should cross the line at 7th Mile before starting the transportation of coal.
Because if you are a foreigner who doesn't have a house, a shop or a bill, if you don't have the necessary documents, you will be punished. I believe that this Act will make it easier for the civil society organizations who work hard from time to time to find out the rights of the indigenous people and also will raise the listen to our indigenous people who embrace foreigners.
Furthermore, it was reported that West Khasi Hills and Eastern West Khasi Hills also have many children with disabilities.
Two of the dead were S Phawa and D Siangshai while protesting against the NGT coal mining ban. HANM President Shaniah Suchen said, “We welcome the investigation. However, the government has not released the report and this action of the government has left the people in darkness”.
And the people spake against him.
Referring to the increase in the price of mur, he said the BJP had played a drama on the road when the price of LPG was about ` 290 to ` 400 per liter (2012). -2014) while at present, the price is between ` 900 to ` 1,1
She said that her husband now treats her and her children well and now the children go to school in Nongpoh.
He also noted that the government ensures to provide support to various sectors in the society, including farmers, women’s organizations and entrepreneurs.
In the midst of the curfew due to the spread of Covid-19, you have the opportunity to spend time for yourself.
In terms of schools, there is only one better school and that is St. John Bosco School in Nongkroh.
These leaders of Nongstoiñ Circle were confirmed by Bah Eldie Lyngdoh, who after confirmation said, “As members we must remember that FKJGP will not promise you peace, but the struggles of strongly when the country and the nation demands even if it is necessary to fight.
it's something really sad".
Emma Watson, who has been away from acting for about five years, said she is happy to be able to do other things that she enjoys in life.
This will be one of 15 large and small airports in the North East.
In her order, Kong Kurbah said that the enforcement of this rule was necessary because the district authorities had received information that the rules of groups who intend to hold protests in different parts of the country district.
The issue of the railway has been discussed for decades, but how it benefits and how it is affected by outsiders has not been thoroughly explored.
These houses are located on the land of the Mylliem Hima and after that, the area belongs to Assam, where now these houses are the residence of the Chief Minister of Assam. .
Algrin Ch Marak is also a member in charge of the budget of the party and other documents such as demand letters and others.
Shillong Lajong FC once again showed their strength to beat Sreenidi Deccan FC 2-0 in the I League match at home. The meeting was held at the SSA First Ground Stadium in Polo.
In Khasi Hills, Byrni Check Point (CP), Ratachera CP, Umtyrna CP, Aradonga CP, Iew Mawroh Jirang CO, Umsiang CP, Saphai CP, Khanduli CP, Pynursla Border CP, Dawki CP, Ryngku CP, Ranikor – Balat area CP , Borsora – high school area CP
“I hope that this fish farm will be able to supply fish seeds to the entire district and to the neighboring districts of Assam.
He said that through the tireless work of all stakeholders, the state has developed and become one of the most developed states in the country in the last five years.
The union has been able to talk to the management of the CHC Sohra, but the surprising thing is that the management has told the leaders of the union that even the 108 in these areas of Sohra has been closed. thut from time to time because you are old.
Referring to the Jan Aushadhi Diwas tomorrow, the Minister said that the availability of medicines at a reasonable price through 9000 Jan Aushadhi Kendras. About Rs 20,000 crore has been allocated to the poor and needy around the world.
Shillong: In the face of such a pandemic, there are many problems affecting the people of the state in many areas including food and drink, medicines, money and many others. that they meet one by one.
Latiplang said that according to the information he has received, these Gram Sabha Committees have to be registered with the government to become societies.
The Pynnoh Um Sngad Crematorium has been filled from 4131m in 2020 to 5295m this year.
The presence of skilled and trained leaders will help the organization to work faster and at the same time will also make it easier for those other departments involved.
It is necessary to pray that God will forgive our sins and relieve us of suffering.
On the other hand, the Chairman of the Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, Bah John F Kharshiing, in his meeting with the Chief Secretary, reminded that the Meghalaya State Finance Commission Act The Act has not been implemented properly to discuss how the authorities will distribute revenue between the State Government, District Councils, Traditional Bodies and Municipal Bodies.
Roningstar Nongkynrih, 32, of Jalynteng, Nongkynrih, was shot dead by BSF troops on 5th June at Mawshun, East Khasi Hills District while he was carrying a knife. cats in the truck.
“The proposal to implement Article 44 of the Constitution of India to enact the Uniform Civil Code has shaken the new Constitution of India especially the rights of indigenous peoples and minorities as enshrined in Part III Fundamental Rights will be abolished and the rest will be like being drowned.
" Then I said again, “If you haven't experienced it yourself, it's not good for you to insult others.
Therefore, the residents of the area said that if this service of the Jio Company, is in this form, they will send down the Jio tower, which is located in Kongthong, because it is not Don't install a tower without a proper network.
It may be recalled that the office bearers of the association in November 2022, had to appear before the Executive Committee of the Council, due to the protest and this happened after the promise of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma. K Sangma, to pay the salary before the Behdieñkhlam festival.
“The Union Home Minister recently called Meghalaya the most corrupt state but after a while they have rushed to cooperate with this Government,” he said.
Shillong, July 29 : The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP), Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya, on Saturday said that according to the estimates, the National People's Party (NPP) will win about 19 seats. Khasi Hills and about 14 Garo Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The All Meghalaya Dancer's Association (ADA), one of the first organizations to train talented dancers since 2000, will hold a dance performance at the parking lot of Addl. Secretariat from 12:00 pm to 4:00 pm to demand and express from the government on the issues of the youth of the State.
BJP leaders from Delhi came to Meghalaya and appointed a Prime Minister who was not elected from any constituency at that time.
It is better for them to accept the old covenant and the laws of Moses.
“Although there has been a ban by the government on the use of plastic, nothing has been done yet,” said Sohtun. to be conscious or able to control the use of plastic to avoid pollution of the environment and the surrounding area.
After drinking and eating a little kwai, Bah Sokon went to the houses of the villagers.
There are at least 10 schools in Shillong alone and Laitumkhrah is the center of schools with the largest number of students.
In his speech, Bah T. Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, expressed his gratitude to Bansara Eye Care for taking this special responsibility to provide treatment to the children. people with eye diseases and through their work many people were healed.
He said that he used to go to Delhi to inspect the road.
Jyotish Daimary (32) has been arrested by the Khliehriat Police Station on charges of kidnapping.
Let both grow together until the harvest: and in the time of the harvest I will say to the reapers, Gather up first the tares, and bind them in bundles to burn them; but gather the wheat into my barn.
The purpose of the visit of the MPLU and HTTA was to meet with the management of the Tollgate at 20 mile RiBhoi, regarding the difficulties faced by the drivers of tourist and private vehicles since the introduction of fasttag. It affects their budget due to the loss of gate fees and one of the biggest affects is that if the scanner of fasttag works, vehicles have to pay the gate fee immediately, but after paying in cash. They are still cut back from the bank at the same time which is to pay twice at the same time.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Chief Electoral Officer, Meghalaya FR Kharkongngor said that no information has come from the Election Commission of India.
The union has warned all the contractors to give jobs to their fellow citizens first and if they don't get jobs, they shouldn't bring in jiw jiw, jaw jaw who don't know where they come from. they are the people who walk and stand in their village.
The long standing dream of the residents of Narpuh area will come true after the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma announced the opening of the 48th C&RD Block in Lumshnong.
Speech was also delivered by Samla WC Paliar who congratulated not only those who elected him but all the PUs and said that from that day onwards he has invited and invited all the fellow ticket applicants to work together not only for the victory but for the development of Rambrai area as a whole.
Now the child has been able to go home but he has to come for check up from time to time.
In the past two years, schools have been in such turmoil that school authorities, parents and students have been forced to leave school properly due to the outbreak of COVID-1 and the lockdown.
“Hindus and Muslims don't want to fight”.
Then, when he arrived at Lum Dorbar Law Nongthroh, Tymmen U San under the leadership of Rgh Skor Jala, took the opportunity to go to the shat, the counting of the village and the judgment. through the signs of the witnesses of the righteous, the witnesses of God of the wheat, the wheat, the lengbah, the lengsan, to inform the righteous and the righteous to receive righteously and peacefully the rise of the soul. year to Lum southwest.
“The council has already sent a team of inquiry and I have not yet received the report and I cannot refuse to go out to the public because through this problem there are dozens of villages but the residents Tens of thousands of villagers have been affected by the immoral behavior of this company,” said Bah James Sylliang.
In a statement sent by Bah Shainingstar Warjri, Secretary NPP Umsning Block, the meeting was attended by NPP leaders from different zones in Umsning Block, Youth Wing and Women. Wing, was also attended by Bah C. Mawlong, President of the NPP in Ri-Bhoi, Bah FD Ramsiej, President of the NPP in Ri-Bhoi District, Bah JS Kurbah, President of the East Khasi Hills District. TR Malai, President NPP Umsning Block and others.
The constituency, which doesn't usually suffer from water shortage, except during the rainy season, has been facing a shortage of water supply from the PHE department and the Shillong Municipal Board for several days now.
According to the Minister of PWD, the delay in the implementation of the Dawki Bridge project is due to the lack of qualified contractors.
“When I went downstairs, I understood that there is a shortage of water supply and on my part I will direct the PHE department to take action on this and the shortage of water supply here and there. I will talk to the municipal to take action because this is causing problems to the people,” he said.
B.Singh.
They have time to make money and sell it to the whole country.
He said that according to the view of the Seng, the Assam government has not respected the status quo between Assam and Meghalaya. the State government is merely a spectator.
Paiem Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet, two Basan from Mylliem Hima and Longsan Mansan from Raid Marwet were present at the meeting. , Rangbah Shnong and many others.
the other eight were called up later.
On the other hand, Bah Raphael Warjri said that it was Bah Rana who brought the first video camera to the state from Hong Kong in
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar remembered the work of Kiang Nongbah by saying that he was only a man of the field, who saw the problems of the violence of the country and the nation in other countries. Woh Kiang Nongbah's self-sacrifice and the self-sacrifice of the children of Hynniewtrep.
When inquired, it was understood that at present, none of the MLAs or MDCs have taken part in the proposal to form or establish the PDF as a new political party.
All the speakers urged and congratulated the students in Guwahati to work hard in their studies so that they can be for the benefit of the youth.
God sees the hearts of Bishop Ferdinand Dkhar and God will empower him to serve as Bishop and Judge of the Diocese of Jowai,” said Archbishop Victor. Priest.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew said that he has started the operation of the siej in 2016, where its use will be limited to the works. to build houses among others, which he has also built in various places inside and outside the state as well.
At the same time, even the Kur Pyrtuh Sohmynting has not acknowledged in its Constitution that it is the only one who can elect the Waheh Shnong as claimed by these village leaders.
The welcoming ceremony of the MDCs from JHADC to the BJP will be held today at the party office at Bivar Road Shillong.
They teach only to read, they don't care about their behaviour.
The NPP has criticized the government for not being able to maintain peace and order in the state especially in Garo Hills.
:The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the case filed by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) against the members of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) It is from the Central Government and not from the State Government but all these issues have to be discussed and resolved and the Government will wait for the reply of the party leaders.
Will the world be able to feed a population of 9 billion by 2050? This question was answered in The Times of India (23.04.08).
Bah Adelbert said that the church leaders should have tied the bells of their churches to see the change and happiness. said the law of the Government.
They have earned seven points so far after two wins, ten draws and one loss.
This is just one of many other incidents that I have witnessed myself.
It is often found that the places where you go to eat are full of plastic, garbage and bottles.
Ex-Rev.K.LangrinThe Lyngngam have now become knowledgeable through their studies as many of them have passed B.A, B.Com, BSc, M.Com, MSc, Engineer, Doctor and others. .
The Seng also warns the Government authorities not to take sting and wait until the transformation of this area as Them Metor 2.0 and end up in the appointment of High Level Committees to mislead the people who do not give because they end up sitting in meetings and reporting from time to time.
From education, health, agriculture, national highways and minor roads all need to be repaired because they have been destroyed.
However, what people already have the skills should be opened up for development so that the villages and townships can live better.
Mawshun beat Nongmadan Pynursla 2-0 and Kongwang beat Nenggate 1-0 in the semi final on 20th June
On this occasion, Rakkam said that earlier, the project was scheduled to be completed by 2020 but it was delayed due to the delay in handing over the land and the release of the 2nd installment. the Covid-19 pandemic.
The Minister urged the officers to work hard to conduct inspections on the implementation of various schemes implemented in the state.
He said that there are about 30-40 special teachers for 9000 children.
After taking a 5-0 lead, Sanmer suddenly scored the third goal in the 62nd minute from Bryan Kharbudnah. Aaron Kharbudnah scored the second goal in the 74th minute.
The match tomorrow will be between Sailung Ialong SC and Shangpung Moosyiem SC at 2 pm.
When asked whether they will file a complaint against these false reports, the DHS said that it will announce through the media but if there are still those who complain and spread false news, they will be prosecuted. under the Epidemic Act because it is not good to announce such news.
The winners in the men's category were 1) Kordor S. Manners, 2) Eibor Kyndait, 3) Sanctify Pale, 4) Khainti Shylla, 5) Alan Banda Rymbai, 6) Shibor Shadap, 8) Iobian Langstang, 9) Chanmeki Chyrmang, 10) Ram Shylla.
According to the official, safety will be one of the most important issues in looking after the construction of bangla.
The 27 people were on a pilgrimage to the Holy Land of Israel after a sudden attack by Palestinian Hamas militants who fired thousands of rockets into the country. Israeli cities have been carrying out attacks since Saturday.
After the collapse of the Dome during the construction of the new dorbar hall at Mawdiangdiang, the government has handed over to IIT Guwahati to investigate into the collapse, which happened on 22nd June this year.
“If any Pastor, whether he is still in office or retired, once he enters politics, he will lose the rank of Pastor,” said Pastor R Sohkhlet. and Rupang.
Voting will be accepted with EPIC but voters whose names are on the electoral roll will also be allowed to produce other witnesses if they do not have EPIC. to encourage especially those young people who are 18-18 years old to take part in this election.
From the sons of Etis Pasleiñ, Elis, Wanpynkmenlang, Minot and his wife and children.
Meanwhile, the RBT&EDF in a statement said that the NTC fully supports the NTC on the opposition. The government should install a weighbridge at this place, as this place is also adjacent to the RBT&EDF office and if the weighbridge is located at this place it will also affect the development of tourism.
She said that the party should work hard to spread the good deeds of the party, to explain the intentions of others to tarnish the image of the party and some people.
The JSU suggested that the Police or BSF should cooperate in the patrol duty in which the villagers should participate as they know better who is not from here.
In the letter, Dharmendra said, “Acknowledging the concerns raised by you (Conrad) such as the location, hilly areas, remote areas, lack of digital books and others, colleges Those who have joined NEHU will continue to offer Under Graduate admissions as usual instead of CUET”.
India, who have won two games from two games, and Japan, who have won two games from two games, will now compete for the top spot in the tournament. group; They will meet in the final match of this pool.
The race started from Pedonng, West Bengal to Lava.
Vi allows Postpaid users to have the freedom to choose the benefits that suit their lives whether in terms of entertainment, food or food, to go Travel, and security in the use of mobile phones or Mobile Security.
The people have now learned whether this government is leading a good moral lesson or a bad precedence.
She said that after the party has released its manifesto, they will become clearer because as a candidate she cannot work beyond the decision of the high command.
In this regard, Bah Shangpliang said that the SSA teachers or the public should not think that 2026 is the year to complete the SSA project in Meghalaya.
“We can win this election not by the ability of the candidate alone but by the ability of the people,” said Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar. One of the constituencies that used to lose during the elections but this time let the people of Meghalaya change and teach the people of Meghalaya to bring back the glory that has been lost in this constituency. They also informed that Mawsynram is no longer such a criticism but is choosing the truth, to elect true leaders, leaders who love the nation and leaders who have a strong foundation.
Another language that adds to the Maw language as a prefix is ​​Raimaw Raidieng.
The arrested were identified as Usman Goni (31) of Agartala, Rai Kumar Dev Barma (33) of Budi Chandrapara of Agartala and Sunny Dev Barma (28) of Madha Banimolipur, Agartala. The Sumo is new and has the number TR 01 P
This will affect the health of these people in this area especially through the pum pum and will affect their breathing.
According to sources, during the hearing today, the Court felt it necessary to seek a reply from the Attorney General of the Union Government as the matter is related to the Constitution of the country.
However, this bill has caused a lot of controversy and accusations of corruption in the community.
That time will soon happen when Jesus comes down on the Mount of Olives opposite Jerusalem.
These days various examinations of colleges and universities are still online but students are unable to write their examinations just because of the lack of light.
It is suspected that the Ganja was temporarily hidden by the Ganja smugglers with the intention of smuggling it to other places, but the Ganja was found by the Ganja smugglers. They informed the police, which prompted the police to rush to the scene.
In a statement, the DEO said that all voters/electors in all constituencies of Meghalaya, are required to bring and display their Elector Photo Identity Cards (EPIC) at the polling stations. for the purpose of verification before voting.
We don't care about others and we don't care if others are poor, suffering and miserable.
Many residents of Umogidi have lost their lives in the shooting in Nigeria and on Thursday they were still searching for others who were still missing. attack by militant groups in the incident.
SP Singh admitted that they were GNLA members and Sengseng T Sangma, 22, and Jackie T Sangma, 20, were GNLA area commanders under the command of Baichung.
After the area has been declared as a Micro Containment Zone, the DC Ri Bhoi, has announced that the area will be temporarily closed and no one will be allowed to enter the area. They are not allowed to leave the area, except for unavoidable works, through the permission of the District Authorities of Ri Bhoi.
The Passahs are mostly found in Jaintia Hills but the Passahs have brothers and sisters from the Nongkynrih, Nongbri, Shadap (among others) and these brothers and sisters of the Passahs are more numerous in Khasi. Hills District.
He also won three consecutive terms from Jirang Constituency in 1993, 1998 and
Shillong, March 14: The Meghalaya High Court has postponed the hearing of the MLA/MDC's smoking ban case which was scheduled for today.
According to the police, the incident happened at 11:25 pm but fortunately no one was injured in the incident.
Prestone Tynsong told reporters, “We will allow him to contest the election against me from Pynursla constituency if he feels responsible and sorry for those illegal activities he has committed. and if he cannot explain those accusations of his, it is not right.
In Resubelpara, the flag raiser was Timothy D Shira Symbud Speaker and 26 teams took part in the parade at the Mini Stadium Resubelpara.
Through this, the mothers of Meghalaya will be able to stand on their own feet.
At the short meeting to hand over the house to the woman, Bah Banteidor said that he did not want to say anything else when he found the family in need and he decided to build the house. a home for them.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District has directed the Food Safety Officer to inspect these factories after receiving a report that some children have contracted ice cream from eating ice cream and to ensure that these ice creams are not ice cream. COVID-19 infection.
The Gibeonites became carpenters and water carriers for the Israelites not because they were defeated in battle, but because they acted, lied, deceived and surrendered to Joshua. .
If you turn to the PDF, there is no lyer in Meghalaya and if there is a fight, only Mawkynrew and Sohra are the seating MLAs. On the other hand, Bah Kanang, has promised in front of the people that if the people, allow him to become an MLA from 27th June, he will become an MLA. These include the establishment of a Government College, a wholesaler center in three villages, the development of the Tourism Department in the constituency, the establishment of stocking facilities in the constituency. land and other requirements within the Constituency.
Shillong, July 11: Members of the Opposition on Tuesday criticized the government for not providing the necessary equipment at the Shillong Civil Hospital to provide treatment to the patients. He was examined at a private hospital.
The first quarter final match between Nongkwar Presbyterian and Christ Church (Day) started at 1 pm.
He said that the name of the Meghalaya Mine Owners & Exporters Association (MMO&EA) has been changed for a long time on the grounds that it covers the entire state while the state operates only in the South. West Khasi Hills District.
JYF leader J Pala said that the JHADC has acted with authority and has not invited or informed the public about the issuance of NOC to the coal mining factory, which is illegal and violates the rights of the residents. village.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of Jaintia Hills District comprising AJCVA, MPUF, JYF, JSM, HYC, RJTA and HNPF on Friday gave a day's notice to remove the garbage from Iawmusiang, Ladthadlaboh and near Thomas Jones Synod College.
David said – the days of man are like a flower, like a flower of the field, so they blossom.
The state itself and the people of the village will warn and change will come next year,” he said.
Shillong Times Pvt Ltd, Meghalaya has announced that it will close down Sangbad Lahari. since June 1, 2014.
Lydia did this to please her beloved.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Khasi Hills District has informed the ration consumers of the district that the ration rice under NFSA (AAY and PHH) and Non-NFSA as well as Atta for the month of November released through their ration shops.
As a leader who shows true love for his nation, he has also advocated for the life and death of the nation in many areas, one of the areas I will never forget. This is the story of the Khasi Social Custom.
Good bah Charles ….
In this regard, the Committee invites all the youth of the KSU, especially the members of the various units of the KSU to come forward and carry the The KSU has taken the responsibility of the KSU for the sake of the country and the nation by taking active part as candidates in this election.
More specifically, the government has launched the Science 20, or S20, Science Engagement Group.
In this regard, the Branch Manager of Meghalaya Rural Bank has promised to cooperate and will send this letter to the MD/Chairman in charge of Mawkyrwat Branch.
Nongpoh: Leaders of four political parties in the state, including the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and RBYF, today left for Ri Bhoi Sepngi and held a meeting at Patharkhmah, to seek the support of the The Western Ri Bhoi Durbar, on the demand for the implementation of the ILP and MRSSA in the state, has given its full support and promise to the Village Leaders of the Western Ri Bhoi Durbar. to cooperate with these 4 organizations.
The speech went on for about 10 minutes.
Sawmer's third goal came after Sawmer passed the ball in the back, which went to the goalkeeper, but when Edison Suna, the goalkeeper, didn't catch it. Robert had the opportunity to score the third goal of the team.
According to police sources, the auto (ML 10 B 8424) was coming from Jowai while the truck (AS01 C 1767) was coming from Jowai. They went to Jowai and Byrnihat.
Article 35A allows the rulers of Jammu & Kashmir to elect the citizens of the state and also to provide for special allocation and to ensure human rights to the citizens, through you are the President.
Causes of the disease: Lung carcinoma with Covid
The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 50, after cases were reported in Kerala and Karnataka.
In India on Tuesday, 3038 new cases of Covid-19 were reported in the past 24 hours. The total number of cases so far has risen to 21,1
Provisions such as the Sixth Schedule and other provisions of the Constitution speak clearly on the protection of Tribals and also give the power to protect, preserve and promote the life of Tribals such as culture, language, the earth is shyiap and so on.
The order has also been sent to the states of Delhi, Himachal Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Haryana and Rajasthan.
In his speech, the Minister said that this program is a commitment made by the government to provide services to the people of the country.
The 'pataka' which started and ended longer than that of the Dkhar and the mynder per day.
Sources said that the state government wants the amendment to the 6th Schedule to become law.
When the talks have not yet started, how can the Deputy Commissioner take over the land? It is right that the speech and actions of this Deputy Commissioner will be condemned by many.
Demi Dkhar of Khliehtyrsh Cricket Club was named Man of the Match.
On the 31st of this month at 9 pm, robbers detonated a petrol bomb in front of a shop at Lower Jail Road, Shillong.
The CAG also expressed concern that the GDP growth has been very slow compared to the debt repayment, which has reached a severe deficit in 2019-2 , should have complied with the provisions of the FRBM Act, to maintain the debt repayment to GDP ratio of 40 percent.
Therefore, all the eyes of the chynrang are filled with joy and happiness, and they are happy to see the desire of Trekirot to chad in the middle of the night and in the middle of the night. it is the soul of Oo that is healed.
In the final, Ronghona won the toss and elected to bat first. Amjok FC scored 136 runs for the loss of 8 wickets. 20 Overs.
It is also prohibited to disrupt the movement of people and vehicles.
The office bearers of the Mookhep Women Wing Unit, President S. Shiangshai, Vice President Babu Rymbai, General Secretary Ioanis Rymbai, office bearers of the Mookhep Women Wing Unit include, The President, Youkiniki Rymbai, Vice President, Karbelin Rymbai, General Secretary, Eity Summer and other members of the Executive Committee.
According to Dr Mukul, various programs have been prepared for this day in all districts including the capital and the government has allocated special funds for this day.
At the same time, we demand that the MeECL department and the Government should think of providing assistance to this family.
They decided to give their full support to MDC Bah LG Nongsieh and Bah Morningstar Mawsor who went to support the PDF under the leadership of Bah Pynshngain N Syiem as CEM on the issues he stands against. the state government which intends to violate the rights of Rangbah Shnong and to force MUDA outside the Municipal.
The facility covers an area of ​​1.23 lakh square feet and will house the most popular beverages purchased by residents of more than 800 PIN codes across Guwahati and surrounding areas. .
“We have spoken to the Deputy Commissioners but it will depend on the availability of LPG gas, because it will not be for domestic use, but for commercial use and to provide LPG gas to 11,800 schools. you will find trouble".
Because there are villages and households who don't get water, only 2.3 barti of water is lost every morning and evening while there are villages where water comes out day and night.
“We expect that such slanderous statements against all the Dorbar Shnongs without proof should not come from you as a person who takes responsibility for the nation as a whole,” said the Union of Rangbah Shnongs in a statement. President TR Shanpru and General Secretary RL Blah.
He suggested that the people should have a spirit of struggle and not just to get peon jobs, but to get government jobs in the directorates.
Police said that Chemi Phawa was arrested in 2013 for the same counterfeit money laundering case.
“We don't have anything against the roster system but the reservation policy,” he said.
Niaw Wasa Utd won their first match 3-1 against Dongmihsngi in the Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday. Two.
In East Khasi Hills, 34 cases, in West Garo Hills, 26 cases including 10 cases from Armed Forces and 16 cases from civilians, 3 cases in East Garo Hills and 3 cases in Ri Bhoi District. one from the Armed Forces and two civilians, three from West Jaintia Hills, two from West Khasi Hills and one from South West Garo Hills.
He said that the survey should be conducted with the participation of the affected residents and land owners.
As the time goes by, the rule of law has declined...The time will come when, like what happened in Manipur, there will be a struggle between the poor and the indigenous people. The party doesn't have a long-term vision...They have lost their lives if the nation dies.
Meghalaya's second goal came in the 38th minute when Dajiedlang Wanshnong scored through Henry Nongneng.
Sanitizers are not available even in Shillong, disinfectant sprayers and disinfectants are not available from pharmacies in Shillong. Doctors, Nurses and others have held meetings to know how and what they should do at this time and if anyone gets symptoms they take which will lead to this disease; whether the hospitals are specially prepared; Personal Protective Equipment (Personal Protective Equipment) is not available, medicines are available, and does not become a victim of disease.
However, they donated as much as they could in their small way, as a sign of solidarity with those who suffered.
“If there is no director, there should be no one below to take over the job, how can we do torti just because there is no one above, there should be no one below,” said Bah Ronnie.
Peter had nothing but his sister, who remembered the sight of two or three young men.
The loss of electricity in these villages is due to the loss of transformers since November
At the same time, the union found that there are only a few indigenous workers while the jobs that should be done in this area are jobs that can be done by the youth of Bri. u Hynniewtrep.
Secondly, on the amendment of the Meghalaya Goods and Service Tax,
The St. Thomas Higher Secondary Football Academy has started a coaching camp for football players on the 15th of this month.
Border Guard Force after receiving a tip on the movement of ships, in the Harai River near BOP Jaliakhola.
“We have also now removed all the clean bitumen above the bridge and from the dam and also the old clean above.
According to Bah Paul, the DC Nongpoh has been lymmuh by paying the money to the land owners who are not responsible for the acquisition of land at the airport just because of the order of the court to pay them immediately.
Regarding the silver medal award, HANM expressed its deep pride in the name and honor he has brought to the state, which is an encouragement to many youngsters not to give up. but to stand firm and work hard so that they may reap the fruits of victory.
Later in the evening, the Deputy Commissioner, Mr. Ram Singh visited these villages to inspect the damage.
A copy was also handed over to Dr. Sankey Shangpung, MDC Bataw Lakadong Constituency, to take action and at the same time urged the Dorbar Shnongs of the area to fight against the people. to do evil deeds.
The opposition Voice of the People Party (VPP) candidate Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon on Tuesday expressed his confidence to win the Lok Sabha elections to be held this month. to come.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Banteidor, Minister of State for Sports, congratulated all the winners and those who did not reach the goal. Congratulations especially to those who have won medals which is an honor for the state as a whole.
At present, the condition of this road has caused a lot of trouble to the people who come and go due to the excessive deterioration of this road which has been filled with snow and ice along this road which has not been improved yet. The people together with the Sengbhalang have taken the initiative to gather the Rangbah Shnongs of various villages in the area to take part in the improvement and maintenance of the road. One of the most important roads in the area especially connecting the border villages with Assam.
The family members of Ricky demanded that the law should punish him, no matter if he is at home and the police should sentence him to life imprisonment.
The Commissioner and Secretary in charge of District Council Affairs of the state government said that the expenditure for the election will be T.10.78 crore.
Shillong: The President of the Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSTA) today urged the Meghalaya government through the education department to pay the remaining salaries of teachers.
“There should be no difference between the rich and the poor, nor between the great and the small.
They have grown with the company and have been able to build strong jobs where they have been able to work abroad.
Furthermore, they do not dare to speak out against the Ministers, MLAs and officers who violate the rights of the people through corruption, discrimination, violence and exploitation of the poor, the needy, the children, the women and the weak. .
College offices will operate from Monday to Tuesday at a capacity of 30 percent of the total number of employees.
During the meeting, Meghalaya also raised the issue of the KLPT's attack on Umtleh village in Ri Bhoi District and the threat to the life of the Rangbah Shnong.
He said the need to discuss the Instrument of Accession and the Annexed Agreement was on the proposal of Bah PN Syiem in the Lyiur Session of the KHADC Legislative Assembly which ended on Thursday.
The video, recorded by India Today TV, shows that police guarding the border strongly blocked Rahul Gandhi from playing chess, but Rahul Gandhi made it clear that he wanted to play chess. He said that he is ready to walk to Hathras to meet with the families of the victims.
He said that the district administration has spoken to the contractor and they have received information that this road has been constructed under the scheme of the central government.
Bolsonaro did not cover his head and rode a motorcycle, followed by police escorts, in the march, which started from Barra Olympic Park.
Governor Tathagata Roy will visit SOS Children's Village, Umiam in July on SOS Day.
In this collaboration, the BSF and police have also arrested three smugglers from Ri-Bhoi district and the seized muid have been handed over to the police in Muktapur for further investigation. and according to the rules of the law.
U Bah S.Kharlyngdoh, who is also the Returning Officer, said that he and his officers are well prepared to curb any illegal activities on this day. He is also preparing to send magistrates along with police and flying squads to patrol the constituency.
With the availability of mobile in the country we can do only one kind of work but through mobile it can help people in doing many kinds of work only through it.
“The farmers around the villages have been very sad, because when it was starting to grow, the insects had damaged it and now the storm has destroyed all the farmers.
Shemladbha Khongwir of Seng Khasi College won the champion of champion title in the men's category while Yirmi Jagoi of Women's College won the runner-up title in the men's category. women.
As we know that many of our countrymen have appreciated this song Ri Khasi Ri Khasi as the patriotic song of our country and when our countrymen sing patriotic song at any time especially When there are lympung or public gatherings, they like to sing this song.
This request was sent by Mr. A. Lipon President SWSRJ and Mr. T. Phawa Fete Secretary.
Reporters also witnessed that many of the shopkeepers who did not want to talk about the loss of their lives had packed their food items to return to their villages. There are about 30 shops which have been destroyed and they are too busy to return home empty handed.
The Secretary of the Hima Nongspung, Bah Michel Warjri, has been shot dead by the residents of different villages of the Hima. The Government of Assam has filed a complaint against the Government of Assam for the construction of roads in Meghalaya.
At the same time, he said the party has thought carefully about the district council elections in Garo Hills to be held next month.
We understand that all the people understand these problems and want to have their own leader who is responsible and who can make laws and policies according to the needs of the people, we witness also that various religious groups and churches have held special prayers for leaders who know God, who have responsibility and understanding and who hate unjust wealth.
“Ka seng demands that the Government of Meghalaya should no longer tolerate unfounded violence against the people of Assam, as has happened from time to time in the violence, such as the people can no longer bear it.
At the same time, to complete the marriage as if it were a fire.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The BJP Meghalaya today held a public rally to protest against the anti-India demonstration by a group of students at Jawahalal Nehru University (JNU) in New Delhi. days, after the assassination of Afzal Guru in 2013, and the attack on Parliament in
) also raises awareness about the custom hiring center and other assistance from the government to the farmers.
She also served as Superintendent of Nursing in 2016 and Assistant Director of Nursing in 2020 at the Directorate of Health Services (DHS), Shillong and retired on 31st June,
The NE3X3 Basketball Challenge will be held at the grounds of St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School Shillong on the 25th and 26th October
This was announced by the Union Minister in charge of Coal, Mines and Parliamentary Affairs, Pralhad Joshi in his reply to the Rajya Sabha today.
Besides, the permission has allowed the transportation of coal from outside the state through South Garo Hills to the Gasuapara port.
When asked how many years they have been living in this area, they replied that it has been 30 years since their husband and four children have died in this area. said one woman.
He said this after being sworn in as President of the HYC on the 11th of this month at the Dorbar Hall Jaïawshyiap and Lumpyllon.
“As citizens of the state, we have the right to raise these grievances against the government,” he said.
They were arrested after police investigated a complaint lodged by Dhirendra Chandra Das on Tuesday.
Gurjit Singh also acknowledged that the Harijan Panchayat Committee has now moved forward to resolve the issue.
The union cannot remain silent on this issue and we urge the Assam government not to use force and cannot force the residents to go to Assam.
He said that there have been allegations of illegal mining and smuggling of coal in various parts of East Jaintia Hills District in fact according to the order of the Supreme Court. The National Green Tribunal has banned the illegal mining and transportation of coal and the office of the Deputy Commissioner has started inspecting the illegal coal mining areas and some coal has been seized. Now.
We should not take our journey stingy because there are always shortcomings in this person, who is a follower of Jesus Christ and such, we need to be careful not to be dressed or allowed teh in those situations.
The Central Recruitment Board (CRB) has conducted the examination for the recruitment of Police Officers in accordance with the Rules.
Some patients report sudden weight loss.
On the other hand, the farmers said that there will be a big problem if the damage to crops continues in the coming harvest seasons, especially as the food supply has been severely affected since the storm. of the Covid-19 pandemic.
However, the SRP has allocated 40% reservation for Garo jobs and 40% reservation for Khasi-Jaintia.
Syiemiong said the JAC is against the proposal to build a 2 lane road as it is a road intended for uranium mining while he proposed to build a single lane road from Nongstoiñ. Ranicor-Planter.
Many of the nurses have left to work in other jobs instead of working in hospitals.
it was the path of the royal family to take responsibility for their thousands of children, which was also accompanied by a good love for oneself.
Let's sing from KHB No.151 (3)" After the night, there will be a step.
Investigation by the HNYF and Border Welfare Committee, which was witnessed by many people, found that the illegal trafficking of women into a bar. The state is not known as Innamul Hussain.
The ISSF World Rifle/Pistol Cup in Bhopal, which will be held from 20-27 October, will see the participation of 198 shooters from around the world including prominent shooters, Olympic winners and medal winners. in the sports arenas of the world.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh said that this is the first program in the District since the District was independent and the purpose of this program is to provide information to the public on the importance of health.
This special meeting was held after the participation of hundreds of youths from different parts of Shillong.
Hanks said they are currently in Australia and have fever and chills and when they were tested, they were found to be infected with the virus.
He said that he has already talked to the officers of the Water Resources Department and they too will prepare the budget and soon next month the officers will go to inspect again. to start work to prevent the flooding.
The District Mission Co-ordinator, SSA, South West Khasi Hills District today celebrated World Literacy Day 2023 under the theme, “Promoting Literacy for a World in Transition” Up to 22 schools along with teachers and staff of the District Mission Coordinator, SSA, South West Khasi Hills District took part in the rally.
Reduce the risk of cancer – for example: lung cancer, breast cancer, bladder cancer.
Even in the same school, teachers pay different salaries.
Daw was arrested in 2012 for threatening Shillong East MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh but was acquitted on charges of mental retardation.
“In Khasi Jaintia, the party will nominate candidates from all constituencies, but in Garo Hills, it will nominate only 15 or 10 candidates,” Chyne told reporters. Wednesday.
Regarding the landslide, Bah Hesting Lyngdoh, father of the house, said that the NHAI has caused a huge loss to the house. , because it even affected the other part, which he made into the Mombati Manufacturing Factory.
Nagaon: Shri JP Das
The USGS said the quake was located at 4.0240N latitude and 125.8170E longitude.
“If the government still has to appear as the owner of the house in front of the residents, please leave it as it should be and don't interfere, when the VPP comes to power we will do the job because we have been convinced. that we should not only do what is good but also do what is right,” said Bah Adelbert.
Jowai, Naitung 23: U Gram Sevak of Saipung Block, Helpful Patwet, has been granted two days bail by the ADM Court in Khlieh Riat after he was arrested and searched by the police for six months. He was arrested on charges of involvement with his brother Bunlangki Sukhalin in the murder of Elizar Tariang, son of the Dolloi of Nongkhlieh District.
The people in these three phases of the lockdown are afraid only of the police while they don't believe in the disease.
Nongstoiñ, June 10: The farmers of West Khasi Hills, have urged the State Government to take action for the farmers, as the government's assistance for the Many of the farmers are still supporting themselves to save and improve their agriculture.
This action of theirs can endanger us as a nation.
This will ensure that traders will not be involved in political activities to do business,” he said.
Shillong: Ambrose Ch.
The Minister also urged the fish farmers to inform the Agriculture Department if they find any problems and not to listen.
You are a Khasi or a Christian or when you say “I am a Christian” this shows that the Khasi who have followed foreign religions have become dark until they don't know that they are Khasi (Khasi people) and Christian.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Umsohlang River has started to appear again after the cleaning of the river by the Bio Diversity Management Committee, Kynton Massar.
When they grow up, they become talented teachers.
The BJP alone won 284 MPs in 2014 but this time it will be very difficult to reach that target.
“He added that the Government belongs to the people and cannot do whatever it wants.
So far, 3638 villages have received information on this issue and 7045 Village Community Facilitators have been trained.
Furthermore, the Jan Andolan under Poshan Maah will serve as a platform for the joint celebration under the 'Meri Mati Mera Desh' programme, which celebrates the country's journey towards independence and progress.
He said that the youth are the future of our state and it is essential to provide proper education.
These include EGH: 1, EKH: 18, RBD: 3, SWGH: 1, WGH: 1 and WKH:
The defection started from one of the MDCs who won from the UDP, Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh MDC Mawkyrwat who defected to the Congress party during the ARPA period but has now defected again from the party. After becoming an MDC, he joined the People Democratic Front (PDF).
This shows that the people of Khasi Hills have begun to understand that clean governance is essential in this era.
“We have set a target of creating 5 lakh jobs in the next five years by 2028 including government and private jobs for the youth,” said the NPP Vice President who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
The Chief Minister said that although the allocation of the State Government from the Central Government is low, it has not been as low as they thought. to the Central Government regarding the allocation of funds to the State Government.
Up to 93812 people have been infected with the disease in the past few years but 92207 people have recovered.
Judicial : means something that is not in the courts.
He urged the Minister to take this opportunity so that the youth can enjoy the entertainment through various programs to be held at this Amphitheatre which is unlike any other place in the state.
MDCs who used to cut down trees from time to time will find it difficult to get tickets from other parties who have not yet entered the MLA election
Secondly, the state government should curb leakages in revenue collection.
Ranaut, 33, has a personal security officer and 11 policemen to accompany her and commandos to accompany her when she walks and stands with her guards. , the Chief Justice of India and the Minister of Law, Ravi Shankar Prasad.
Bah Kyrmen Shylla said that this decision should not be taken hastily, but we should take the decision at the right time and take the trust of the people.
Arnold Syngkli, President of RBYDSO, said that the statement of the Umsning MDC, “Even I, the Khasi leader who came from Shillong, is still considered a foreigner, how much more you Karbi”. I don't understand the meaning of the leader of the people to say this especially the Samla Karabi Festival should have spoken for the sake of unity and love, but to speak with these words is like wanting There should be no discrimination between the Karbi and Khasi especially the Bhoi people in Ri Bhoi District.
Dipayan Nandi scored 48 runs off 47 balls, Silgrim B.Marak came second with 32 runs. run off 55 balls.
The former MDC is Shemhok Garod who has joined the People's Democratic Front (PDF).
He said the loss of revenue has reached T.
Shillong: The death toll from the poisonous tit in Lamin West Jaintia Hills District has risen to six. Marriaba Konglah, 14, died at the hospital. at NEIGRIHMS hospital.
Before Aitilin left, Hiram's mother and father had given a general warning after they had arrived and after they had lived in peace, the warning was as if it were written in a Christian church.
In bed they cover themselves with a blanket, while their mobile phone is ringing, when they wake up in the morning they are ready to run away from home.
As usual, the Cleaning Drive is usually held on the 2nd of March but this year it falls on Sunday and it has been scheduled to be held tomorrow, Thursday, 30th March.
In Pool-A, Lion Sports and Youth Affairs came second while West Madan Mustem came second.
The police who have received training cannot arrest only these 50 or 60 persons.
Speaking on this occasion, Umsaw Lumdorbar village is located in Block II and until now the two governments of Meghalaya and Assam are still on the road to resolve the border issues. The Khasi people have expressed their concern over the attack by the Assam Police who have admitted that the area belongs to Assam even though the border demarcation has not been completed.
Islamabad: Former Prime Minister of Pakistan and top leader of the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) has escaped death after being shot in the leg. while addressing a public meeting in Wazirabad.
The bodies had to be taken to Ferrara, Emilia-Romagna, as the state of Bergamo could no longer bury them in the state. in San Giuseppe, it can only bury 80 people on its property.
“The government has informed us that it is difficult to review the MOU, but we would like to say that Assam and Meghalaya are still part of India and there will be “We will leave this to the wisdom of the government,” he said.
First of all, we must understand that Sohra is a well-known village/area in the world because this is only one example. It is not difficult to tell from which village or town we live, but just say from Sohra and everyone understands.
New scientific techniques must be used to avoid destroying and damaging or polluting the environment.
Nongpoh, June 17: After a strong storm with cold and rain, has struck many villages in Ri-Bhoi District recently which has caused severe damage to houses, motor vehicles and other villages. plants, relief goods have started flowing to the refugees affected by the storm and cold.
He said that many laws related to this session have been prepared and will be passed in this session soon because time has passed, for example, the law on online shopping did not exist before, but the council is ready to cover all types of activities according to the times.
Most of those killed were Syrian government employees, including the head nurse of a hospital, where all her relatives were also killed.
The District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, Ma Khroobok Passah has invited all the athletes selected by M/s Primo to come to his office during working hours. .
On this occasion, Stoding said that as the party, we do not agree with this statement of the NPP candidate against the religious leaders.
Punjab finished second in Group A while NRR (Baroda) finished first.
Nujorki Sungoh, MLA of the constituency as the chief guest and WG Sungoh, MDC of the constituency as the symbud chief guest at the ceremony. with the participation of members of Mukhap Village.
Through this song, it was seen that many of the people of Ri Bhoi District have been shocked and some of them have been shocked, because of this song, they are only religious songs and spiritual songs.
During the visit, Mawphor reporter witnessed that all the shops have been closed as directed and they have cleaned the meat shops by painting them and covering the meat storage area with silver jars.
There are also government offices which have promised to cut pensions, salaries and so on to those who do not have Aadhaar.
We thank God for the progress of the Church in this Diocese of Shillong.
“I urge the District Councils to work with the Arts and Culture Department to meet and investigate their behavior at that time,” he said.
The first match will start at 10 pm between Pynthorbah SC and Riatsamthiah SC, followed by the second match at 11:30 pm between Laitkroh SC and Mawñianglah Youth SC. Diengpasoh SC will play against Risa Colony SC at 1:30 pm, Madan S&CC will play against Umrynjah SC at 3 pm and the final match will be played between Mawkriah at 4:45 pm. Shillong, Nailur 21: The 2nd Sohra International Half Marathon 2023 was organized by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) in collaboration with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. This year, more than 1,000 participants have registered for the race to be held on 30th November, 2023, more than twice as many as the year is gone.
Cultural Youth Club Mookaiaw won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 134 runs in 31.1 overs for the loss of all wickets.
The second treaty was with Syiem Tirot Singh of the Nongkhlaw Hima which was signed on 30th November, 1826 for the construction of the road from Assam to Sylhet through the Nongkhlaw Hima.
This also shows the work of all parts of the Government.
Leaders of the UDP Mawlai Circle have resigned on the grounds that MLA Bah Embhahlang Syiemlieh has treated the party workers as citizens.
In the category of 45 to 55 years old, Smarless Mawweiñ, Snora Lyngkhoi and Sterina Jasaiñ came first.
He led them without rest day and night to fight to the end and never surrender before the king.
Millions of Hindus have flocked to the festival, which is held every three years at the Gadhimai Temple in Bariyarpur, Nepal, near the border.
The incident happened on Tuesday night and according to the driver of the vehicle, he said that the reason for his inability to control the vehicle was due to the slowness of the vehicle. a small vehicle that was parked opposite the vehicle he was driving.
Please, the electorate, surprise the people so that our state will not die.
The Minister stressed that regarding the implementation of the roster, it has its own committee and the issues and suggestions of various political parties can be brought before the committee.
It will be beneficial if there are farmers or groups who do this work, to deliver to the place where they gather to sell online delivery,” he added.
Not only that, even the spoken language varies from region to region.
Mawrie also criticized the recent welcoming of members by the supporters of AITC MLA from Mawsynram Constituency Himalaya Shangpliang.
Therefore, all eyes are on the ways how to get land or forest skut to sell them at a reasonable price when needed by the government or other government departments.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall is expected in the next four days from 10th to 14th July 2021, the Meteorological Department of India has forecast.
“From the Prime Minister to the lowest levels, they should declare their assets and show how they earn money and if their income does not match their income, they will be punished under this Act. " said Mr. Michael.
Remember that corruption is not only about money, but if you do your job stingy or don't work properly or arrive late at work or office, these are also corruption.
The dark people don't even know how to drink, where to drink and how much to drink.
The incident happened on Saturday at 12:00 pm. At the time of the fire, no one was found in the house, because the mothers of the house were killed. The fathers of the house were still in their fields.
This law was part of the law that anyone who gave birth to a son must be circumcised.
“You youth should stand up to fight for the cause of the nation”, said Bah Basaiawmoit who gave an example of the price of textbooks should not be allowed to be sold too much because it affects the parents. of poor children.
Shillong, June 16 : U Vincent H Pala, MP from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency and President of the MPCC, has praised the Symbud Myntri Rangbah who is also in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs. Prestone Tynsong said that he has been able to eliminate the High Level persons involved in the smuggling of coal in the state.
“Don't worry, the truth will be revealed and those who have a hand will be punished...” “Thank you very much, sir.
This decision was taken for the benefit of the students.
“I want to say that these people of AITC or while they are in Congress don't want to implement the ILP and don't want to resolve the border because when they are in power they don't do anything. and now that the work has gone forward, they begin to come and destroy.
Shillong, Jymmang, 29: The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, in the presence of the Minister of Law, Dr.M Ampareen Lyngdoh on Friday launched the “Rules” of the The POCSO Act, 2012 was translated into Khasi at a meeting held at Pinewood Hotel, Shillong.
The incident happened at around 8:15 pm when Dharambir Bhansal and driver Rojesh Sangma were shot dead on their way from Kyllon Mathei. to Nongtraw, which is located near Shalang, West Khasi Hills.
In the Under-18 men's category, H Elias Memorial HSS won four gold and one silver and one bronze medal, while in the women's category, St. Mary's HSS won four gold and one silver medal. gold and 3 bronze medals.
He said that on Saturday, the residents threw stones at her house and here too they fled back to the forest.
The Meghalaya Rural Bank (MRB) under the leadership of Dipak Singha Roy, Chief Manager came to inform the village headmen. The MRB is preparing to appoint Business Correspondents or persons to take care of the needs of the bank.
Arwanmeki Lyngkhoi took five wickets.
The CBC is committed to adapting to the changing times and embracing new technologies in order to provide more information to people.
There are 660 health workers, including 295 doctors, who have tested positive for the virus in Bangladesh, the Bangladesh Medical Association (BMA) said.
Explaining the history of the school, he said that the school was established in 2015 by 9 brothers on the land allocated by their parents. Until now, there are 150 children including boys and girls from nursery to class III but the classes will continue to increase every year.
In the second half, Lajong had many chances but in the 51st minute the team scored two goals through a penalty from Renan Paulino.
(2) The population growth in Khasi Jaintia and Garo is as follows: 1941 = 5,58,820; 1951 = 6.05,674; 1961 = 7,69,380; 1971 = 10,11,699; 1981 = 13,35,819 persons; 1991 = 17,74,778 persons; 2001 = 23,18,822 persons; 2011 = 29,64,007 people.
The DC said that since last year, the EPICs have been printed at a firm in Hyderabad and have been delivered to the office.
Shillong, Nailar 30: According to the estimates received from government departments in the state, there are about 60,000 students from the state, Khasi, Jaintia and Garo alone. working in various jobs abroad, due to the lack of jobs in the state.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District, Bah KS Suchiang, said, “We have had our own district for many years now. He said that the district is one of the backward districts. Our demand for this Vocational Training Center or Industrial Training Institute is because the union has found that many of the youth of the district especially the youth who have graduated from There are also students who cannot continue their education, so our demand to have this center in the district is very important, because we I know that the government doesn't have the ability to provide jobs to all the youth, I understand that the establishment of this center will help a lot of youth who are looking for jobs, I know that the youth have different skills. and through these Centers we will help to develop talented youth”.
“It is unacceptable that the electricity shortage should exceed 50 per cent.
That is, the distance from one tree to another stands, in the whole orchard, is the same.
Heismiki scored the first goal in the 79th minute, but Thinkwell Bareh of Ladthadlaboh scored the equalizer in the 88th minute. to 2-2 columns.
Bah Paul urged the people to use the four 'E's – Education, Experience, Energy, Empathy Compassion) and Ethics.
He said the NPP has worked hard for the youth by introducing programs like ASPIRE Meghalaya and YESS Meghalaya.
When the Syiem built the temple, the Syiem of Jaintia brought a Pandit from the Deshmuk clan and the family of this Pandit has been in the village for 29 generations. the people of this village.
When she arrived at the house, Bity Jyrwa asked Waiñ Kharrymba (mother) whether she was happy or not, as the police have arrested only one of those involved in the incident. “We don't agree,” said Waiñ. She said she wants all those involved to be arrested.
Bollywood actor Asif Basra has committed suicide by hanging himself at his residence in Dharamshala.
The public will also be entertained by the screening of Khasi films.
Although their main goal (ISIS) is to kill us, we love them and pray for them.
East Jaintia Hills District has topped the list among the districts in the 5th Meghalaya Games Cycle Competition held at Tura.
Such people have no cure for their enslavement to their candidate and the party they have joined.
The program concluded with the distribution of food items to the patients of the Civil Hospital, children of St. Peter's Green Pasteur Orphanage, Pyndengrei. Today's New Nongstoin.
Lucy has two daughters, Rina, 15, and Maia, 20, who were injured and died in the incident. on Sunday at Kfar Etzion in the presence of his father and three brothers and sisters and Lucy.
Mulait United Football Club has reached the final of the Super Division Football League sponsored by the Saipung Block Sports Association (SBSA).
According to the report, about 10 Army personnel have become victims of the floods and the search is now open for 105 people who are still missing.
He said police are conducting investigation at the house of the victim.
And having disarmed the powers of the authorities, He made a public spectacle of them (on the cross) and won victory over them by the cross. DIENGPHNA (Triumphing Overthem by the CROSS).
Nongpoh: A house belonging to Bah O.Binong, Rangbah Shnong, Nongagang, Marngar, Ri Bhoi, has collapsed at 10 pm this morning. The fire broke out suddenly and caused the house to collapse.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 05: The North East Students Organization (NESO) on Tuesday held a protest on the 9th of this month at Across the cities of the North Eastern States, the protest was against the Central Government's silence and lack of action to resolve the bloodshed in Manipur.
Regarding the allegation that they have taken these two persons to the police station, Prestone said that there is a misunderstanding, and it is better that they have taken them to the police station to avoid any incident. and they brought the wounded, and all these things were arranged in the prison.
“We will continue to work together between KHADC and the state government for the benefit of the people,” he said.
" “Women are the leaders of the future of our society and they should receive all the support to ensure that we can build the future and secure the society. healthy," she went on to say.
Hinduism does not say anything about this.
“The price of 14.2kg LPG Cylinder has increased by T.50 from today.
Wow! What kind of world is this where from the household, the village, the church, the kingdom, the family, the income is ruled only by byrsieh.
Other speakers also criticized the Congress-led government for misusing the funds and what has become evident is the non-payment of fees to the students despite the central government's release. money is slow.
The Khasi distinguish the Lyngngam from the Diko:- I had a strong disagreement with a man from Shillong who wrote, “Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram, Lyngngam and Diko, you are a paid Khasi.
“I dare to say that we will win in all the constituencies on the border.
They must be well cultivated, watered and not burnt by fire because when there are many tree planters but no one takes care of them, the tree roots will not survive and will not grow at all.
In the 2019-20 ISL season, he joined Odisha FC and took over as assistant coach for Josep Gombau.
Other speakers included Tolintine Wahlang, Secretary of the Hima Dorbar, Arbok Kharjahrin, President of the Hima Dorbar, Kitborlang Nongrem, Minister of Rangthong Village.
:In order to raise awareness among the youth of the village about the harmful effects of alcoholic beverages, including alcohol and drugs, the Umkei Sports and Cultural Club has conducted an awareness generation and education program on Substance & Drug Abuse and HIV & AIDS on November 10, 2023.
However, remember that if the members of the District Council do not count and understand that the Dorbar House is like a battlefield, the Jaitbynriew will lose its rights by repealing the Sixth Schedule.
Regarding the Sub-Health Centre, it is still in short supply and you have to go to Jowai for treatment.
Unlike in Uttar Pradesh and Uttarkhand where there is no 'Anti-Conversion Act', Chhattisgarh has been affected by the political movements known as tribals converting to Christianity and Ghar Wapsi.
Application forms can be obtained from the DCIC office on working days from 1st June 2024 and the closing date for submission of application forms is 8-2-2
Doubles (pre-quarterfinals): Anthony Susanto & David Susanto (Mother) beat Shivank Bhatnagar & Yuichiro Inui (Jpn) 6-3, 7-6(5); Nitin Kumar Sinha & Vishnu Vardhan beat Kokoro Isomura & Tomohiro Masabayashi (Jpn) 6-3, 6-2; Francis Casey Alcantara (Phi) & Hiroki Moriya (Jpn) defeated Gourav Gulia & Digvijay Pratap Singh 6-1, 6-3.
Stade de France-Paris, July 14: Croatia have returned home with three points from an away match against France.
After this, the union immediately went to the hospital to find out the truth and in the meeting on the same night, the staff and doctors of the hospital gave many reasons for the absence. Therefore, the union has warned the hospital especially the staff and doctors by informing that this is the last time that such incidents are no longer the case.
Two elders have lodged a complaint against the leaders of the Dorbar Shnong Lumlakhiat, West Jaintia Hills for their involvement in the eviction of a group of people who are members of the same longkur.
The election for the post of Shongknor of the council will be held at 11 am and CEM at 2 pm tomorrow.
We see the news every day, that there may be another third wave, the third wave of this virus, in Delhi, in Gujarat, in Maharashtra, we see that they have spread again.
Regarding the shortage of T.100 crore, the Minister said the department has sent a letter to the central government but has not yet received a reply.
The Government should look for ways to assist groups and individuals who own land that can be converted into tourist destinations.
Munish Singh, Director, ICCR, Monika Aggarwal, Director, NIFT Shillong, Amjad Khan, Director, Glamanand Supermodel India and Tanvi Malhara, Miss India Multinational
Police have seized a TaTa Mobile (AS 09 7516) and seized ammunition from the vehicle.
Regarding the health of children and women who are still poor and vulnerable, there is no Asha in the village to look after them.
He said that it is necessary for these groups to inform the Deputy Commissioner or Nodal Officer if there is any violation of the MCC or any problems they face.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Batlakular Syngkli, General Secretary of the National People's Party (NHP) Ri Bhoi District, said that at 1 pm on Tuesday, a 10-year-old man was shot dead. An employee of Satyam Steel at 13 mer Byrnihat, who was drunk, came to threaten Batlakular, who was on duty as a guard of the factory. The employee has dismissed the young man without any reason at midnight.
Zenith also accused the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma of keeping silent on the issue of corruption in MECEL. “I have clarified this issue and the Minister of Electricity,” he said.
The United Liberation Front of Assam (ULFA) has decided to withdraw from the peace talks with the Indian government if it implements the Minority Immigration Act or the Indian government. , 2016, has Parliament.
Speaking on the occasion, the MLA of the area, Stephenson, congratulated the officials of the village for being able to hold the Shad Rongkusi from one time to another. One time through their hard work and responsibility for the preservation of what our ancestors did because through their performance of this dance it preserves the memory of them. He said that as an MLA, he is ready to work with any issue of the Shnong as soon as he is able to do so. it is for the good of society.
We have to claim the truth.
Furthermore, as the World Health Day is being celebrated, the Chief Minister also appealed to all the health workers and the people to continue to have that spirit. of cooperation for the improvement of public health and through cooperation from all aspects we will be able to provide the best services to the sick and also to improve “There is a lot of trouble in the state,” he added.
Pidawan Bang scored 61 runs and Salai Rymbai scored 82 goals for Tuber Shohshrieh 2-0
He said that the state government has been stingy towards the MCCL which has faced many problems for the employees.
The registration will start from 5th to 12th June 2021 every day during working hours, from 10 am.
She said that the law of the central government is sufficient if the state government implements it, as it has clearly explained how to ensure the safety of the vendors in the market.
Steps needed during high blood pressure: Slight changes in diet: The foods you eat play an important role in maintaining high blood pressure.
Please send your marksheets on or before 5/3/2020 to the following numbers (WHATSAPP) 8974256738 or
It will be a great joy that at that time, not only the Jews or Israelites but also the Gentiles will be gathered to Mount Zion in that great and beautiful Temple.
Shillong: The All Jaintia Muster Roll Workers Labor Union (AMU) Jowai has requested the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to provide foodgrains, dairy, sugar and flour to all the contractors registered under the Meghalaya Building and Other Construction Union. Workers' Welfare Board (MB&OCWB) of the Ministry of Labour.
The Rural Electrification Corporation (REC) is also supported.
There are 3 households living in the complex and these include the household of Komola Bastola, Priya Karki and Shanti Liam. from sofa shops, grocery stores, cigarette shops and others.
They were identified as Narayan Lapang of East Jaintia Hills and Emerald Shadap of Jowai Police Station. in extreme pain.
Sohra, Jymmang 6 : The NPP supporters in Sohra Constituency have surprised the residents of Sohra area as more than 4,000 people have turned out to support the NPP candidate from Sohra. Alan West Kharkongor while filing his nomination papers for the upcoming election in Sohra Civil Sub Division.
This online service also helps those who are sick, physically challenged, believers in persecuted countries, and also those who are physically challenged. of lockdown.
In education, the students have improved in the Khasi subject.
There are times when he and I sit down and talk about important issues, so this conversation will continue and proper meetings are important parts but there are conversations that...happen without anyone “Therefore, all the discussions will continue,” he said.
The relief camp has been set up for those affected to get immediate treatment.
The cost of construction of these roads is 43 lakh tyngka and it is from the SUWP scheme which was approved by the MLA. Malabika Bisharad, writer about the Tagore Art Gallery, Rilbong, B. Koch Archaeologist, K.Rynjah Archives. and others.
Hoi – The advice to the Khasi men and women whom I have written: 'Kha-ra- ia' don't let them say, (2) You shall be 'khabah forever.
Ukrainian President Zelenskyy's adviser has claimed that 40 Ukrainians have been killed in the Russian invasion.
It is unlawful because it has not come through the Academic Council (AC) which is the highest body of the university to take decisions on any policies of the university.
Nongpoh: The Sunfeast Cup 2022 Meghalaya Master, which was organized by the Lynti Jam Welfare Development Association, ended on Saturday. They will have the opportunity to represent the state in the Northeast Sunfeast Cup 2022 to be held in Guwahati.
Article 244: To exercise the powers and functions of the District Council as conferred by Article 244 and the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India, as in accordance with these provisions of the Act, the JHADC may administer and to make laws and regulations relating to land, customs and traditions of the Jaintia people and also protections from laws applicable to other parts of India.
He said the District Committee has directed them to complete the work before 31st November.
They also urged the SRS-EJH to enforce the village rules and regulations especially in relation to the infiltration of foreigners into the district so that we can prevent the infiltration. You are from another state in this District.
The total number of cases has risen to 6,25,544 and the death toll to 18,213, with 379 deaths in the past 24 hours.
Police sources said that more arrests will be made in the coming days.
On the same day, the union did not allow these foreign workers to continue collecting taxes.
Referring to the match between Dongpdeng and Lumdiengjri, the match was very interesting but in the middle of the fierce match no one could score from the first half to the second half. The referee decided to tie breaker and it was in the tie breaker that Dongpdeng beat Lumdiengjri 7-6 goals to become the champions of the tournament.
Ampareen's remarks appeared to be aimed at the two VPP leaders, the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) MLA from Mawlai, Bah Brightstarwell Marbiang, who is still in office. to hold the post of teacher besides the post of MLA and also to the VPP MP candidate, Dr Ricky J Syngkon who is still holding the post of teacher.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Rangbah Komik Khongjirem said that the purpose of setting up this school is to pass on the Riti to the future generations.
Speaking on the phrase “water for peace”, the Head of PHE said that it is necessary to think carefully about these phrases because many times there are conflicts just because of water and it is Since 1993, World Water Day has been celebrated.
Ricky Shullai said the reason for his resignation from the NCP is after the resignation of his mother Sanbor Shullai but he said he will not join the party where his mother. he went to vote but he was not a private candidate.
Mohammad Addullah Daham scored from the penalty spot in the 65th minute.
Rao said the state government has urged all religious leaders to join hands in urging the people to come forward to get vaccinated against the virus.
The players of Ri Bhoi and West Khasi Hills have won the State Level Under-12 Football Tournament 2023 organized by the Sports Department of the State Government.
At present, the speed of construction of the Police Out Post has been too fast, as they started on Saturday morning and now they have completed the construction of the Police Out Post, with tight security by the Police Battalion of the Government. Assam, said Bah A.Nongpoh.
The program will also be held on the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of the State, Beti Bachao Beti Padhao and the 75th Anniversary of Azadi Amrit Mahotsaw of India. district in Ri-Bhoi District has also held various programs and competitions such as language proficiency for the participation of school children from class VIII to XII from different blocks of Ri-Bhoi District on On the 3rd of this month at the District Library and on the 3rd of this month there will be an SHG Mela at Madan Byrnihat.
In Shillong, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, unfurled the tricolor flag and received the National Salute of 18 battalions including BSF, CRPF, MLP and Tripura State Rifles. , Unitarian Hr.Secondary School Puriang, Holy Cross Secondary School, Nongmensong, Nongrah Secondary School, Nongrah, NCC boys and girls, Meghalaya Bharat Scouts and Guides, Laban Presbyterian Hr.Secondary School, Little Flower Secondary School, Seven Set Hr.Secondary School , BSF Sr.
However, the union is surprised to learn from these foreigners who want to come to work in Mawshynrut.
“It is unfortunate that some political parties say that the BJP should help the state government even though it is not with this coalition government.
He said that as a leader who teaches dance to the children who are talented in dance, such a case when he has to sit and carry a placard in front of the Secretariat does not happen except during the Dr Mukul Sangma's tenure as Prime Minister a few years ago and this time when he is Prime Minister Conrad Sangma.
Police also seized mobile phones from the arrested members.
In fact, the department has set a target to complete the project by October this year.
“If it was the season for the farmers of the area, the market would have been busy but because it is not the season, even the small farmers cannot fill the market,” she said.
“Therefore, the RO has suggested to postpone the counting of votes for Sohiong constituency and this suggestion has been sent to the ECI. this is the constituency.
In March Past, Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya won the prize followed by Maharam Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat in the second place and Little Star Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat in the second place. in the third place.
Apandanka Marak scored 2/23 off 12 balls and Manthan Gupta 1/38 off
He said that the customary laws have often come into conflict with the laws of the Government of India.
The crash site is about 24km from the Oksibil airport.
To identify which areas are more suitable for the relocation of market vendors.
It is an insult to your teachers and also an insult to the training you have received from the teachers and schools you have attended.
VS Rathore said that the District Child Protection Unit and police have seized explosives in Rimpu Bagan yesterday.
The US company has suspended Shankar Mishra as an employee.
The High Court said that the Superintendents of Police (SPs) in all districts should receive clear information and should be ordered to check vehicles carrying excessive loads even if they need to be on the road.
However, he graduated with a small grade but he worked hard and succeeded until he became a High School Teacher from 1905 to
“We are holding a public rally to strongly oppose the anti-India slogan of the exploiters in the incident at JNU, Delhi,” said BJYM President Egenstar Kurkalang. This public meeting was held at Khyndai Lad, Shillong.
Indonesian Sports Minister Zainudin Amali said the government will look into the future of allowing the public to watch football matches at the stadium. Ri, after the death of 127 people.
The suspect was identified as Jacobson Lyngkhoi, 16, son of Darius Basaïawmoit and Sabina Lyngkhoi. West Khasi Hills District.
The reason why we cannot forget Samla Wanlambok at this time is that they have been able to fight with their brains against the authorities of NEHU that the newly built hostels should be given. and this was a success.
“The Siu-Ka-Pha Hospital, which was built as one of the largest CSR projects of ONGC, provides modern health services,” said Rameswar Teli, Minister of State for Petroleum and Natural Gas. and this will really help the people of this area.
The Minister of Home Affairs and Amlarem MLA, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui on Thursday inaugurated the Mustem Water Supply Scheme worth T.9,13,40,000/- funded by NABARD through RIDF XXV. The scheme has been implemented within 10 months and water has been pumped from a well known as Wahmon and it is a record for the speedy completion of the project, said Lahkmen.
Meghalaya Cricket Association President Naba Bhattacharjee was present at the final and at the end of the match, he handed over the BCCI Championship Trophy to Nagaland who won the BCCI Championship Trophy. I won this battle.
“Have you been a political party leader from the HSPDP, UDP, MLA for 11 years, what have you done for the country and the nation please explain,” said Prestone.
“When the farmer opened the fertilizer, he didn't even know where the fertilizer was and the people went to look for fertilizer tomorrow morning and when they saw that they had received fertilizer, there was no fertilizer,” he said.
On this occasion, certificates were also distributed to 21 persons who completed this training so that they can use them in many fields, especially in those who have the intention to improve their skills. They borrow money from various banks.
The death toll has risen to 35,747, according to the health ministry.
Jowai, Jymmang 11: Three political parties from Jaintia Hills including the JSU, the JYF and the East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) have met with the DFO. Jaintia Hills Division to discuss the issue of compensatory afforestation that MeECL should plant bujli trees within the land of Jaintia Hills and not in Maweit, West Khasi Hills District.
It is true that many people have expressed the need to avoid taking money or being bought by the candidates but the surprising thing is that when the candidates walk and stand, the people who need help are waiting.
All the remaining five teams, Pyrdiwah SC, Shkenpyrsit, R. Mukhim Xi, Nongtyngur, Emergency United, Syndai, Laitsohphie Pynursla and Amdoh SC will be ready.
All these games will be held at the NEHU Permanent Campus, Shillong.
Self-interest is an important part of relationships in the field of trade.
Dr. Mukul Sangma and two Congress MLAs were also present at the meeting. Dr. Mukul Sangma was also allowed to speak, which surprised others.
Abhilash Baranwal as the chief guest in his speech congratulated and praised Jalyiah IVCS for manufacturing the LED Bulb and through this people can get jobs especially in this unemployed world.
Babu Kular Khongjirem The MDA coalition government has announced that the President of the National People's Party (NPP) in Meghalaya, Dr WR Kharlukhi will be the common candidate of the MDA coalition government. Agatha Sangma is one for the Lok Sabha from Tura and the other is Dr WR Kharlukhi for the Rajya Sabha.
There are only a few people who know how to make a bsein.
The State Government through the Urban Affairs Department (Jowai Municipal Board) has issued a public notice to purchase land from those who wish to sell land for the construction of a garbage dump in Jowai.
It is learned that the man, who had contracted the disease, had gone to swim in a public swimming pool.
“We should consider the wise advice of BL Santhosh, the National General Secretary of the Organisation, who has directed us to consider how to win more seats for the party,” he said.
The conference reviewed key areas of security in the country, including new laws related to crime, measures to prevent armed activities, left wing violence. , emerging cyber threats, global efforts to prevent bloodshed, and more.
The FIFA Women's World Cup has started today, 20th November, and through the organization of this tournament, it has already encouraged the girls from our state to take sports as a career. they love and respect and appreciate it as a job that can be done at home.
“The Reservation Policy is a threat against our youth, this does not mean that we hate other ethnic groups but judge who benefits from the ethnic discrimination,” he said.
Look at those who get money from the car.
Prestone said that these trucks which come from outside the state to transport jhur from the state are from the entry points and therefore they follow the rules of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. .
“In this year 2022, we have witnessed many incidents in the nation such as genocide and bloodshed when our fellow citizens living on the border have suffered persecution and we have also witnessed what has happened. in Mukroh," he said.
He also urged other youngsters not to be proud of their talents, but to learn and especially to have humility because there is no point in planting flowers now and losing your name for a while. .
Police sources said that the bomb exploded by the robbers was of low strength, so there was no damage to the factory and no casualties. injury person.
The Meghalaya Rural Bank, Khanduli Branch has been slow in providing services to the people in the border area and many people have expressed their concerns due to the delay of the bank.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Umthlong-Nongthliew Circle through this statement has strongly warned against non-tribals from selling goods on the day of the service of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod West. This meeting will be held at Umthlong Presbyterian Church on 7-10th October
The party announced the name of Bah Sanbor as its candidate in Delhi last night in the second list and had to choose from among three candidates including Bah Sanbor and two others. E Mawrie, Vice President of the BJP Meghalaya and Lakhon Kma, Lecturer, North Eastern Hills University.
“There is nothing that can stop the burning fire of the Male Spirit”.
They have conducted inspections and investigations of almost all the factories in the area and have also collected and conducted the necessary tests.
According to the research, women entrepreneurs have benefited up to Rs 10 crore. 20 per cent of the PRIME Kickstart Grant and PRIME Innovation Scaleup Loan, + starters are with advisors, 60 + registered starters, 50+ supported by the state and donors, and 20 + starters from 10% of the investment and the PRIME Kickstart Grant and PRIME Innovation Scaleup Loan have been allocated for those who have to start from scratch.
We have given more subsidies to these states in the north.
In his speech as the chief guest, the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, spoke on the SHGs and the important role they play in improving the income of the people especially that woman.
But these scientific names are known all over the world, from China to Japan, Germany, or any other nation.
Babloo Passah tied 41 runs off 51 balls and Rohit Thapa scored 37 runs off 44 balls.
“I have informed them that the government will release their salary and for now it will be released only for four months and the remaining six months will be released only after receiving the money from the central government,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
He said that the opening of Civil Sub Divisions and C&RD Block across the state is the government's efforts to bring governance closer to the people.
One vote is extremely important to decide a candidate’s victory.
At the same time, he urged the leaders of the area, as well as the MLAs of West Khasi Hills to support the protest as well as across the country on this issue.
The principles on natural resources, as discussed at the G20, the introduction of new environmental, social and governance (ESG) initiatives, will further strengthen our efforts to ensure India's access to natural resources. basic soil for the future.
This year, five clubs in the SPL will be able to sign five players through loans from clubs in the lower leagues.
The Women's League is the second season of the tournament and in the first season of the tournament, Mawlai won the title.
Speaking to reporters, Hunmon said that her son passed away on the 15th of July, 2018 and on the 21st of July, she went to her son's home. Umkdait, Nongmensong and found that the documents and belongings of her son were gone and she alleged that it was her son who stole.
We cannot force them or we cannot persuade them but without the support of the BJP no one can form a new government in this state,” said Chuba Ao.
On the demand of the tribal MLAs for their own state, the Mizoram BJP unit has also expressed its full support on this issue.
In a statement, the Motphran Bridge Clothes Vendors Union expressed its gratitude to the government officials and leaders who helped to recover them after the collapse of the Motphran Bridge.
Jowai, July 12: The 3rd Sniawbhalang Football Tournament was held today at the Wahiajer Stadium in West Jaintia Hills District.
Mawkyrwat, March 02: The District Mental Health Program (DM&HP) together with the Civil Hospital, Mawkyrwat has celebrated two special days in the field of health. World Heart Day and World Senior Citizen Day at Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District.
Phet cracked quickly, Lait –im smiled at the young man.
Nongpoh, March 07: The Ri Bhoi Youth Development Organization (RBYDSO) today strongly criticized the Umsning MDC, Kong Macdalyne S. Mawlong for her speech at the Karbi Youth Festival. The meeting was held at Purdua, Ri Bhoi and the party expressed its deep sorrow by alleging that the speech of MDC Umsning has affected the people of Ri Bhoi and even the state as a whole.
It is learned that the Assam government has accelerated the construction of the illegally built office of the forest department at Mukroh by building office buildings and construction of the road to Samatan and also the illegal construction of the office. The Seng is sorry that the Assam government has damaged the roads leading to the fields of the people by digging wells and planting trees in the middle of the road.
New Delhi, July 29: The Staff Selection Commission (SSC) has announced that it will conduct the Combined Graduate Level Examination again after receiving information that there are vacancies for candidates who have applied for the examination. steal.
“The All India Trinamool Congress under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma, former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has started its work quickly and has become a bloodthirsty party in Mawshynrut, the constituency where you have been elected. “It is one of the most remote constituencies in the district of West Khasi Hills, or even in the state”.
Many of them are slow and avoid the symptoms of vitamin deficiency.
Meghalaya will face Punjab on 1st October 2023 in the semifinal.
The Union would also like to congratulate those who work within the police department who have lost sleep for days and months to serve many churches.
The incident happened in June 2016 and police have arrested the suspect after receiving a complaint and registered a case at Nongstoiñ Police Station. case number 26(02)2017 U/S 5 (l) (n)/6 of POCSO. Therefore, thanks to the hard work of the West Khasi Hills Police, the suspect has been arrested. The Special Judge (POCSO), Nongstoiñ, Nongstoiñ.
“Even if there are cases, we will wait for the law to go its own way and the action of the NCW is irresponsible and should withdraw its statement,” he said. The Bishop.
Nongstoiñ, March 19: Two months after the doctor in charge of Markasa PHC left for training in the field of nursing, no one has been appointed. The doctor didn't come to take your place.
When asked whether Ma Passah, who is a member of the BJP, agrees with the border between Assam and Meghalaya, or whether it should be disputed by the Indian government, without taking sides. “As a member of the party, I have suggested to the President of the BJP to take part in solving this boundary problem with Assam as a party.
Speaking on the outbreak of Coronavirus (COVID-19), SS Niangti said that if there were no CAA protests by the people of the North East (NE) , it is not known what will happen to this small nation and this region.
In this regard, they demanded that the government should provide detailed information on those experts who have been appointed through the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MBDA), who have no knowledge and expertise on the tree bridges. , which can be like the work of a pig to get the name of a ksew.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 29: The WKSU has demanded and expressed its full support to the demand of the people of Malangkona, to have their own police station in the border area with Assam.
England's players, under the leadership of Harry Kane, who is the front-runner, have not been able to create anything; However, only goalkeeper Jordan Pickford was seen, who did very well, in saving many goals, which were scored by Belgium.
On the last day of the programme, there was a Theory and Practical exam which started at 10 pm.
The theme of the event was “People First” and was conducted by Nydia Marbaniang, Monitoring and Evaluation Officer, District Mental Health Programme, South. West Khasi Hills District.
Superintendent of Police Lakador Syiem, In-charge Sub-Divisional Officer (C) Amlarem Sub Division and others gave speeches to explain to the people on the importance of voting to elect them. leader.
The Additional Chief Secretary and President, Meghalaya Blood Transfusion Council, Y. Tsering was the chief guest and distributed syrnot to the blood donors.
Noting that the shortage of electricity has affected many parts of the country, Conrad said, “Almost all the states have faced the same problem.
Therefore, the union requests the state government and KHADC to take action to resolve the issue. which was met by the local community.
They also discussed the condition of NEIGRIHMS and Nadda promised to do whatever is necessary to improve the largest hospital in the East, to resolve the problems in its operation.
It is learned that the shooters, Bah Field Anderson Lapang, were drunk and assaulted him while he was driving on the highway.
Shillong, June 3 : The Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM) today decided that although they understand that the government cannot promote the adhocs to the deficit, the government should not promote them to the deficit. The government has agreed to increase the salary to 18,000 tyngka and to increase the salary by 5% per annum.
Nongpoh, June 13: Thousands of people from different villages in the Killing area today held a public meeting of the National People's Party (NPP) at Killing village in Jirang Constituency. , have attended the meeting and especially to listen to the speech of Conrad K. Sangma, President of the NPP Party and Chief Minister of the State Government.
The deceased was identified as Priang, West Jaintia Hills.
On the 29th of April, there will be a Cash Awards ceremony for the winners.
And when he saw it, he fled, and went to Beersheba, and left his servant there" Exodus 19:1-4
On the other hand, the CSWO demanded that a CBI inquiry should be conducted into the death of the police chief so that the truth will come out.
The Assistant Commissioner of Food Safety, DBS Mukhim, while talking to reporters, said that the department is very concerned about these drugs. five months and so did the chickens.
As a person who is no longer in any political party, after the new leaders of the UDP, did not invite me and some of my former friends, men and women of the UDP, At the recent annual meeting of the General Council, we were free to speak and support whoever we wanted.
It is suspected that the vehicle was coming from Ladrymbai in East Jaintia Hills and was heading to Rani Bazar, Guwahati.
Shillong, Jymmang 03 : U Minister of C&RD, Bah Hamlet Dohling will personally lead the Union of Maw and Shyiap Trucks to meet with the government authorities especially the police department regarding the problems faced by them. get into the city during the day to unload.
At the same time, the producers of the film have requested the support of the public to come and witness the film which is currently being screened at Bijou Cinema, Shillong. you are in Jowai.
At present, the College has Honors in all subjects.
According to sources, if the Governor does not give his approval before that time, it will be too late for the KHADC to conduct the elections in a new constituency.
Recently, Union Home Minister Amit Shah announced that a judicial panel will investigate the incidents in Manipur.
The sad thing here in our state is that if the government intends to do something good for the people perhaps like this implementation of odd and even numbers, there will always be those who will take to the streets to shout that the The government is biased but it is not so. The authorities are looking after the welfare of all.
Mawkasiang SC scored the first goal in the 9th minute of the first half through Donald Roy Suting. you didn't succeed.
Shillong, Nailur 29 : U Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, one of the volunteers, on Tuesday said that even the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has been involved in the misuse of funds by the Printing and Stationery Department. 2 crores.
To say such things in Shillong is a stupid and disrespectful attitude towards the tribals who have their own religion and culture.
If the burn is more severe than a hand, you should be taken to hospital immediately.
From time to time, RTI has been sought regarding this issue but no one has responded.
The Executive Magistrate and the police have failed to implement Section 144 CrPC which prohibits the gathering of more than 5 persons within 2 KM of the place.
Water is a great medicine that we should not take for granted.
At the same time, the Minister said that at present, the livestock industry is not included in the list of industries but the food processing industry.
That too until one of them reminds to check the time.
Rohit Shah and Ravi Teja scored 48 runs and took 10 wickets respectively.
He said the BJP government has set a target to build houses for the homeless and has allocated up to 10 crore houses.
MPCC Secretary Sanjay Das has sent a showcase from Shillong to Youth Congress Leader Robert K Sangma, who has led the members to fight against the party in the past two days and demanded that the party should sit down. The election of candidates in some constituencies of Garo Hills has been reviewed.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Vijay Kumar, Commissioner and Secretary, Agriculture, Government of Meghalaya, said that under the Apiculture-2, the assistance to the beekeepers in the state will be T.70,000/-. of which T.35000/- will be assistance and T.35000/- will be interest free.
Aier, along with 20 other participants, took part in the Peace Counts, a program sponsored by the German government and the Berghof Foundation to teach individuals in the region to love peace. you're happy.
The program was very successful through the participation of youth, children and the participation of village officials.
I don't think I'll be at Police Bazar at 2 o'clock.
The bench comprising Chief Justice DY Chandrachud, Justice PS Narasimha and Justice JB Pardiwala decided to suspend the order of the High Court of Meghalaya.
While the crowd was listening to Jesus, his disciples came to him and said, “Look, the crowd has been here all day, and it is already late. Send them away, that they may go into the villages, and buy themselves bread: for they have nothing to eat. But Jesus answered and said unto them, Give ye them to eat.
“We want to protest against the VC's absence, we have scheduled to meet him three times but he has not called.
Shillong, Nailur 06 : The BJP MLA from Pynthor, who is also a Minister in the State Government, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that it is true that the State President of the BJP, Bah Ernest Mawrie, is acting with partiality. Bah HM Shangpliang in his resignation letter.
The Skei, sustained injuries to her leg after she fled the house after being chased by the ksew and escaped death after reaching the scene with the help of people who don't have that bag.
Therefore, before that happens, we will turn to the Secretariat at that time and the next day as it happens.
The other teams that participated from 2016 to 2018 are Snap Paka Institute, Sein Raij, Shillong, Sein Raij, Jowai, Seng Khasi Seng Kmie, Salonsar Cultural Institute, Mawkyrwat, Red Orleanders, Pynter Orchestra, Wangala Cultural Troupe of Tura, Barim Troupe, Kyrdem, Hajong, Hajong, Cultural Troupe of Biate, Cultural Troupe of War, Cultural Troupe of Ri-Bhoi, Na La Rympei, Gitanjali Dance Academy, Kong Silbi Passah students, 4th Elements, Riti Academy, Colors, Center of Excellence, Ahowee ,Jaintia Group Wahiajer, Jaintia Group Nongtalang, Summer Salt, Tiwa Cultural, Aroha, Soul Mate, Khmih and others who have not been named.
The Trinity Choir from Shillong and the Presbyterian Church Kyndongtuber Choir performed songs.
From the DC Office Bypass, all vehicles coming from War will pass through the road behind the DC office to reach Wah Nangbah.
This is the rule of the rich.
Christmas is not just a time of shopping, but for many it is a time of giving and decorating their homes and dressing themselves in beautiful clothes because it is a time of joy.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 2 cases including one High Risk and one Returnee.
Among the districts, South West Garo Hills has performed best with 90% passes out of 20 candidates with 18 passes followed by West Khasi Hills with 85.04% passes. Out of 127 candidates, 108 passed while East Jaintia District had the lowest number of candidates with 51.16% and 22 out of 43 candidates passed.
T.Singh Thounaojam of Imphal scored the first goal in the 86th minute for Lajong. to score 3 points in the match.
This is the only article that has affected the paid Khasi people.
However, the MUA-II government has withdrawn and this issue has remained pending.
Shillong, July 20: The Sub Divisional Officer (S), Sohra Civil Sub Division today informed that the Central Government has decided to distribute free food items to all the beneficiaries of the Sohra Civil Sub Division. of the National Food Security Act (NFSA) for a period of 10 years starting from 1st July
Unbelieving Christians, such as the church in Thyatira, Ephesus, Smyrna, Laodicea, Pergamum.
The expansion of the port will boost the income of the region and will also generate revenue for the Government of India and the State Government through foreign exchange and revenue.
They agreed that they would carry out the attack as 'rebels in the bombing.
MLA Election 2016 In the 2016 elections, Trinamul AITC won 211 MLAs, Congress 44 MLAs, CPM 26, BJP 3 and other small parties. 10 people; in all 294.
Samir has appeared in many TV serials such as Kahaani Ghar Ghar Ki, Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Name Doon and Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi.
He said that according to the order of the Supreme Court, the state government should order the CMJ University to resolve the issues within three months and if the government does not comply with this, then it can. to take a decision to close the University.
It is up to the police department how to proceed after seeing how many people have lost confidence and have been questioned whether the arrest is true or false.
Four persons died on the spot while another was on his way to hospital.
At this meeting, the village headmen were surprised to see that even after the DC's office has issued orders dated 15/07/2021 and 02/08/2021 to close down these Coke factories, It was found that these Coke factories have violated these laws by continuing to burn and produce smoke at will without permission.
The procession was held from Petrol Pump Wah Gate, Jowai via Iawmusniang Highway to DC Office and JHADC Office. During the procession, the Members of the JSM in support of the residents of Khanduli including the parents and youths carrying placards shouted “MDC JHADC sleep, DC down down, immediately relocate the Tax gate, Khanduli is our place” .
The Union Health Ministry has adopted the following recommendations, which are as follows, and these have also been communicated to the States and UTs:Extension of COVID-19 vaccination in circumstances as follows –i.
Shillong: AL Hek is behind James Ban Basaiawmoit of the PDF in the Pynthorumkhrah constituency and PN Syiem is behind him. HM Shangpliang of the Congress party in Mawsynram, while Prestone Tynsong, who is the NPP chief ministerial candidate, is leading in the counting of votes in Pynursla constituency. Hamlet Dohling of the PDF is slightly ahead of Dr Donkupar Roy in Shella constituency and Bah Hamlet Dohling of the PDF is slightly ahead of Ronnie V Lyngdoh of the Congress in Mylliem constituency.
Raju Rajbhar, 43, of Sonapur, Kamrup Assam, who works inside a dhaba, has been arrested by the Ri Bhoi Police. Sharma Hotel in Erpakan village, where the police arrested the suspect for further investigation into the incident which led to the death of the suspect.
If you are a NTA or National Testing Agency, you can use a paper setter and a computer.
Ejum Riba of Arunachal Pradesh has described the hero Birsa Munda as Napoleon of France.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Secretary of Meghalaya State Agricultural Marketing Board, Bah W Marbaniang, said that the market has now been turned into a market and has been handed over to the private sector. equipment or any other property because it has lost many.
They urged the Government to urgently consider this issue to get clarity on the implementation of the NHAI Acts in Meghalaya through the National Highways especially in the Khasi States and the Hima/Elaka authorities.
Eberechi Eze has been called up to the England squad for the Euro 2024 qualifiers next month, but Raheem Sterling has left. term.
The party has decided to continue to set up a new Chief Minister's Affordable Drug Center so that those who are treated can buy medicines at affordable prices.
However, any household that has unity, understanding and mutual love has that fear of doing evil, but if any household is divided, it cannot be destroyed. that there are many quarrels and evil deeds because there is no 'Shabuk' as the Nonglur persuades the Masi when they dig the fields to complete the work.
Singh and Raina had left Srinagar for Bandipora on 12th November.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 2: The delay in the settlement of the border between Meghalaya and Assam, has put the people living in the border villages in trouble due to the clashes of the Assam police.
“According to the report we have received, it is from all over this crematorium that it has been recognized as a coal mine, which has not been used for many years, but what is the reason why they went there? We don't know about that place either, but we have speculated that they may have planned to resume mining”.
Ailand Lyngdoh, Sordar of the village, said that after the government declared the village as a model village, the elders of the village have tried to meet with the villagers. officers of various departments, to learn about the new projects that the government will implement in the village, for the benefit of the residents.
However, Deputy Commissioner Abhilash Banarwal, IAS has taken action regarding the deterioration of the road in East Jaintia Hills District and directed the NHAI to send the reports and explain why. Many civil society groups in East Jaintia Hills District have demanded from time to time to demand that the NHAI should repair the damaged road. However, this demand has not been met yet, where the road is flooded in the area and often causes traffic jam and disruption in traffic. .
“We have been waiting and expecting that the state government will advocate for the ILP for us here in Delhi but now we have enough time to take to the streets to demand ILP,” said the statement.
On the other hand, the union clarifies that it is not the case of Hercules Suting's group as alleged by these village leaders, but it is an act that has been reported to the union and it is the duty of the union to investigate. The mynder who came to take the lead and to hold the plate of paradoh parasnam in the Ri Bhoi District.
The UDP in Nongkrem has admitted that the victory in the MDC election is only a Yellow Card but in 2018 it will issue a Red Card to Ardent. that things will unravel going forward.
This great achievement for the PNGRB will provide clean cooking gas to every household, to support industry and activities in trade, transportation which is a great achievement from the to achieve this goal especially in helping to maintain the cleanliness of the environment.
The water level in the Bhagirathi River in Uttarkashi has risen especially in the villages of Tiloth and Joshiyara which are in grave danger.
According to her, the government has not improved the school building since its establishment.
The gymnasium at No.34 Middle School in Qiqihar, Heilongjiang, collapsed at about 3 pm on Sunday.
However, the Congress has been criticized because in the state government, the NPP and UDP are still working together and the Congress, TMC and VPP are in opposition.
I don't think it's necessary to explain longer or more in detail about this incident because the people who used to go in need know and understand better.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 5: On Saturday, passers-by found a body lyngktar in the street in Mawrangtangweiñ, near the DTO Office near Nongstoiñ Road. Revelation.
Special performers on this occasion were Balaiahun Sawkmie and Kharlukhi Sister from Mawlai.
PT Sawkmie said that Adelbert's remarks were just a rap jot, because in the past she had insulted him and the PDF, but now she has changed her mind.
The NPP also criticized the statement of the members of the club who said that these tribes came from 'Kahan se kahan ate ye log'
The mother of the child has lodged a complaint.
“This is an attempt by my opponents to defame me,” said the Rongara-Siju MLA.
and some of them of understanding shall fall, and purge, and make them white, until the time of the end: (Daniel 11:33-35). he came and gave judgment to his saints.
Announcing the investment of T.2.1 crore for the football ground at Nongkseh, Sangma said he was looking into the proposal to upgrade the health center inside the area.
“I think this Government is one of the most willing to talk.
The five suspects were identified as Jim G Momin (23), Sengnang G Momin (21), Salseng Momin (24), Sengtingberth K. Sangma (21), and Sengsil G Momin (20).
The meeting held at the office of the Syiem of Sohra Hima on Tuesday, decided to remind the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma of the promise he made to the On the 5th of July this year, this dream will soon come true and the headquarters of the district will be at Sohra.
New Delhi, Nailur 01: Former President of India, Ram Nath Kovind, will be the Chairman of the Committee to look into the ways and means for the One Nation One Election. to be held simultaneously for the Lok Sabha and Assemblies.
“These are those projects, such as the construction of the science and commerce college in Mawphlang where the contractors have had to stop their work due to lack of payment.
Ma Sniawbhalang said the funds include the construction of the Stadium at Wahiajer at a cost of T 38 crore, the Jal Jeevan Mission at a cost of T 220 crore and the construction of a road in Nartiang Constituency at a cost of T 200 crore among other development works.
Only an almighty God can do all these things.
HSS, while KJP Synod Western HSS defeated Morning SS 8-0
Otherwise, they should have stopped the illegal appointments in many departments and the appointments like those political appointments that they give to their own people when many of them are unemployed.
There will be a cash prize of Rs 2 lakh along with trophies in various competitions from Expert, Novice, 2 Stroke, Scooty and there will also be a special competition for Female Class and Ri-Bhoi Class. .
The issues requested by the Prime Minister of India and the CM of Meghalaya to be implemented as soon as possible include the increase in the Union & State Share Ration 90-10 per month:- (a) From 900.00 to 4000.00 (b) From 100.00 to 1000.00; pay the honorarium by the 10th of the month; from the first month to the first month of the year; Provide LPG in all school households no longer cooking with wood and rnga and enroll day laborers for school children in old age schemes, then enroll all day laborers for children in Joyceful Lipon, General Secretary, said in a statement.
Captain Williamson Sangma was also present on the Garo side.
Superintendent of Police Vivek Syiem, AB-Inspector John M Sangma and Havildar Teibor Sumer were also awarded the Medal for Meritorious Service. The Civil Defense Medal for Meritorious Service was awarded to Kong Aniosca Basaïawmoit, Inspector, Senior Instructor at the Central Training Institute of Civil Defense and Home Guards, Mawdiangdiang.
At the venue, the party will hold a meeting where speeches will be heard from current and former party leaders.
When the farmer saw this, he began to fear and worried that he would be killed by the Hati Sawkuna because he had killed him.
But when the ksew is old and has lost its bones, the man does not care for it anymore and does not give it any more food.
Jesus saith unto her, Woman, believe me, the hour cometh, and now is, when the true worshipers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth: for the Father seeketh such to worship him. for God is not pleased with such as these to worship him.
Speaking to reporters, these elders said that besides this need of the people, they have already sent a letter since 2012 that the AAI should build a health center in the village. MP Bah Vicent H Pala has also promised to donate funds from the scheme to purchase an ambulance and also to build the hospital. However, the state government has not taken any action.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 71045 out of which 65319 have recovered and 1213 have died.
He said that there have been complaints from the chiefs of Mylliem Hima that there is no clean governance in Mylliem Hima under the rule of the former Acting Syiem and under his rule he will bring clean governance. they morning.
Shillong, July 21: The disappearance of Bah Blanding Warjri, has shocked the HSPDP leaders who have been searching for him all over the country.
On the other hand, the Association has urged the Ministry of Education through the Director of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) to release the book within the Financial Year 2014-2015 to avoid further delay. Arrear DA which has been suspended for two or three years.
On the other hand, the plaintiff also expressed his regret that even the government hospitals have not been released from the power outage.
What shocked the hearts of the residents of the area was when they saw the children of the house crying bitterly for the loss of their mother and younger brothers.
Shillong: The purpose of the Judicial Inquiry is to find out who is involved in the crime.
There is one way which the devil often uses to destroy souls, this is to prevent believers from keeping the religious teachings they have received since childhood.
The road will connect with the National Highway-6 in Meghalaya and the National Highway-127 in Assam.
The Pakistan Telecommunications Authority (PTA) today banned Tinder, Grindr, SayHi, Tagged and Scout for violating Pakistani laws.
Jowai, July 16: The Dorbar Shnong of Sohmynting, West Jaintia Hill District through the Waheh Shnong and members of the Executive Committee in its meeting held on the 11th of this month has decided to inform the public that no election meeting will be held. It shall be held in the villages, but shall be held in the Dorbar Hall of the village.
Information: We cannot count only the works that Sir Thomas Jones I has done for our nation especially in providing us with a lasting literature.
Bah K Tiewsoh said that the production cost of the hydel project is only T.1 tyngka 58 naia.
When I read an article written in an edition of USA TODAY and in that article there was a topic that was done for research or survey and in that writing has lessons in it.
Dr. Kyntiewlang Sanmiet, Quality Manager and Spokesperson of Bethany Hospital, who expressed his satisfaction with receiving this award, said, “It is a great honor for Bethany Hospital to receive this award. this recognition from CAHO as a facility of excellence.
Shukla called on the teachers of the University to take part in translating various books into Khasi, Garo and to translate the works of the state into the language of the country. or to different words of the world and also invites retired teachers, writers and retired professionals, to take this opportunity and to meet him, to discuss, on this purpose, which they have.
According to a source, the incident happened on Friday evening, when the victim was identified as Micky Syiemlieh, 25, of Pyndengrei. He came along with three others to admit another patient to the hospital.
NEIAH is located on 20 acres of land.
The BSF said that according to the statement of the arrested, the goods belonged to Shri Ram Trading Company and were loaded at Simaria, Barauni (Bihar) when the driver he doesn't.
According to the leaders who attended the meeting, all the areas from Jaliakhala (West Jaintia Hills) to Nongjri (East Khasi Hill) have been surveyed except for these areas. the places mentioned above.
When asked why the indigenous intellectuals were not included, Kong Ampareen said that this was done because there was a belief that there would be no discrimination because the appointment was for the participation of the indigenous people. country.
There was also a boating competition, swimming competition, beach futsal competition, scuba diving, painting competition and other games.
Nongpoh, July 08 : The Catholic Church of Mawbri Parish today celebrated its 50th Anniversary. The new church was also blessed by the Archbishop of Shillong, Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh.
Wearing a mask and covering your nose and mouth protects yourself and others.
On the other hand, Kong Lyngdoh also praised the speech of the Director of Agriculture, Kong S.Kharsati, in which she said that through the speech of the Director, she has received a lot of information regarding the the cultivation of the fields, especially the cultivation of the fields.
Others who attended the meeting included the Working President of the party, Pynshngaiñ Syiem, Congress MDC from Mylliem, Ronnie V Lyngdoh, the party's candidate from North Shillong Constituency, John A Lyngdoh, MDC of the party. Gabriel Wahlang, Bajop Kharkongor and other party leaders.
The person who lives on the property, becomes the owner of the property.
Sex is very important to men.
Such elders have ignored their own customs and traditions in the society.
United Sports Club Kolkata have also moved up to Group B with three points while Lajong have dropped to second place with 10 points from five games. has been defeated.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah M.Diengdoh expressed his pleasure to take part in this program which aims to benefit the people through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
For more information, please call Bah K.Marbaniang, PTI – 8575262689, and during office hours.
If you have a sboh shying, you can buy three acres every three years.
On the other hand, the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram has demanded from the Prime Minister to set up a Regional Tribal Council for the direct distribution of funds to the indigenous religious groups in Meghalaya.
thank you so much.
The Chief Minister said there needs to be a balance between the environment and the economy and added, “The meeting we held today is part of a larger issue of the state government to have a balance between income, income and the environment, so that if the income needs are met, the environment is also preserved for future generations.
It is also worth mentioning that the current election is not an election to form a government but a mid-term election in which the government does not exist.
The Nongkrem MDC strongly condemned this and demanded that the announcement of the factory department should be canceled immediately.
Regarding the statement issued by the Sahsniang-A Youth Welfare Organisation, the Forum has expressed its regret over the statement issued by the Forum on the issues of the people of Mojem. Sahsniang-A, but the purpose is to bring to the relevant authorities and the public the issue that has been raised with us as the Forum.
Choudhary, who was born in Loughborough, England, was able to play for Bangladesh because his parents are citizens of the country.
The residents of the area said that they immediately informed the Marten authorities for help but he was not found.
The Great Wall of China, an ancient building to preserve the fame and memory in the heritage and literature of the world, but it is said to have been damaged and lost or deteriorated later. that 2 employees have crossed the road and passed through just to get a shortcut and facilitate their journey and working methods.
U-16: Donbok Shabong St Joseph's School Pynthor, Mewayoki Pyrbot St An-thony's Hr Sec School, Repol Dkhar H Elias Memorial Hr Sec School, Nathanial Lyng-doh Secred Heart Boys Hr Sec School, Trechwa Najiar K.C.Secthado School, Malden Lyngling Pynlingh School Sec School, Leameban Synrop Kharmawphlang Sacred Heart Boys Hr Sec School,M Malemnganba Singh Brooke Side Adventist School, Donbok Hahshah Sacred Heart Boys Hr Sec School, Namtiphrang War Sharon Memorial Hr Sec School, Dameshwa Nongrum Sacred Heart Boys Hr Sec School, Dameshwa Nongrum An-thony's Hr Sec School, Mangkara Sambor Sunn Pearly Dew Hr Sec School.
Among a group of wise men and intellectuals who just listen it will not happen.
When he was less busy, how many times he went out with his friends of his own age.
We stand for the dignity and status of human beings in our future society,” said Most Rev Victor Lyngdoh DD, Archbishop of Shillong.
Babu Alwen Thangkiew from Nongsorphan near Nohwet village sang a song about the matti of this Syiem, in these places and said that his resting place is at Wah Lasiang in Nongsohphan Raid Lyting.
“The IAS officers know the price of agricultural products only in the papers, they don't know the problems of the farmers, the IAS officers of Meghalaya are unemployed, they don't know the true price. “How the farmers live in the market, that is the mistake of the IAS officers,” said Bah Shylla. you're right.
By the end of the day, only two parties have expressed their full support to Rev. PBM Basaiawmoitu, the PCF candidate.
The public should also not be surprised if they receive messages through SMS or E-Mail that they are worthy of tens of billions of rupees.
He said that the blast was so strong that it damaged some of the rooms of the first floor of the house.
About 700 residents and school children protested against the rally, which was organized by the Meghalaya Pollution Control Board and the Deputy Commissioner, East. Jaintia Hills District.
Police and District Administration have also tried to put these teachers inside the buses but they have refused to stay at this place on the road to St Anthony's College until the police and the teachers. The District Administration shall appear before the teachers.
The UDP also sent its condolences to the families of the victims.
He also urged the parents and teachers not to judge the knowledge of the students only by the marks they get in the examination, but also by the talent they have. They are intelligent and it will be an encouragement to those who are talented in other areas.
Most of the trucks were smuggled to Bangladesh.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 83942 and out of these 82163 have recovered and 1461 have died.
Our demand is not illegal.
After the incident, Sangeeta was rushed to Tinsukia Civil Hospital and later shifted to AMCH. died after a surgery that lasted about 5 days.
In a petition sent back to Murmu, HANM said, “(We) have sent the same petition as a reminder and request you to take action on this issue which is necessary. For the protection of the indigenous people of Meghalaya from being discriminated against by other ethnic groups..."HANM said that the Government of India should implement the Eastern Bengal The Frontier Regulation Act, 1873 in Meghalaya as implemented in the states of Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Manipur and Mizoram.
If the fungus is very damaging to the seedlings, it is killed by fumigating with petrol or carbon disulphide in large pipes. from silver or tin or dew-bilat.
About 14 children from Wahkaji area were admitted to hospital on July 21, 2023 after eating tit buid. .
“Christmas in general means the birthday of Jesus Christ here on earth in Israel.
The Minister said that during his stay in Manipur, he has met with various people, temporary shelters of shemlanot, and has also talked to groups and those who have suffered from the robbery. in Imphal, Moreh, Churachandpur and Kangpokpi.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Khasi Disabilities Association (KDA) has strongly criticized the Congress government for its stinginess despite its compliance with the demands from time to time.
“We request all the MLAs from the Congress party and non-Congress party to donate to the refugees,” he said.
The goal or objective is to provide training and implementation training among the indigenous farmers on the appropriate marketing strategy in the use of these types of fertilizers by distributing these chemical fertilizers. bio-pesticides, fertilizers and other fertilizers derived from plants or animals for good agriculture and at the same time through that public example by works on farms set up as tests of such efforts.
On Saturday, Meghalaya started with the highest score through Mrinal Das who scored 40 runs and was taken for the loss of a wicket in the last innings.
“I want to confirm here that we have not taken any signs anywhere for this purpose,” said Kong Warjri.
Harpreet Singh, RM Mishra, Pravin Bakshi, Dr BDR Tiwari, Dr Joram Beda and CH Kharshiing lit the candle to mark the opening of the fourth Roundtable Conference of the Northeast Global Investors Summit. in Shillong, Meghalaya.
The State Government in charge of West and East Jaintia Hills Districts should take action to implement Solid Waste Management.
At the same time, he said that social media platforms are only misleading the people but the NPP is working hard, and urged them not to trust too much in social media, because it is just a cinema in the past. follow the dance of the triumphant actor, followed.
He said the government has decided that all government departments should confirm exactly the vacancies and inform the recruitment department immediately to conduct the job examination.
The star's return to his old club has failed as he will not be able to play again.
According to the ADC's directive, all drivers of commercial vehicles have been directed to get vaccinated as part of the prevention of COVID-1
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Barak Valley Circle, Assam, on Tuesday held the 11th Annual Meet of the Khasi people living in Barak Valley, Assam.
Nongpoh, Nailar 01: Ka KSU Nongpoh Circle will hold a rally on the 02nd of Nailar. The KSU Nongpoh Circle has invited and urged the people to join hands with the KSU to hold a rally from 12 noon starting from Pahamsyiem Square. and ended at the MeECL office in Umlyngkdait.
There is a small village please forgive me I won't name it I spent about half a day but I didn't see any men but I saw many women, young women and children and I asked where are the elders of the village, The longkmie replied that many of the elders had died of alcoholism under the age of forty-five years.
This year's tournament has led to the final match which will be held on the 23rd July 2024 which is also the day of the inauguration of the stadium at Wahïajer by the Chief Minister.
“We request you to take action against the author of this book and the school authorities according to the rules of law,” said the KSU in a complaint at Khanapara police station, Ribhoi District.
He said that the 5000 tyngka he gave is only a blessing to them to improve their work.
On the other hand, JACSO Secretary Robertjune Kharjahrin said that at the meeting, JACSO has asked the government what is the purpose of the road from Nongstoin to Mawthabah. and it ended at Mauthabah.
The group also demanded a thorough investigation into the recent incident in Rngaiñ, which resulted in the deaths of two people.
After examining the boxes, it was found that they were hiding drugs which was suspected to be heroin.
Referring to the education system in the country, he said that the students under Class X have been given everything for those who go to government or public schools except those who want to go to private schools. , he said that the United States does this so that the poor and the rich can come together on the same platform to showcase their knowledge.
Father Khongji said that in the last 100 years, this village (Sohphoh) has undergone many name changes from Lumsohniru to Madan Bhoi, Madan Bhoi to Madan-khah and Madan-khah. and the name of the city was Sohphoh.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, EM Incharge of Trade, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, this afternoon on the inspection of Trading License by KHADC, the EM said that there are 980 foreign shops in Iewduh. of them do not have a licence, including those that have not been renewed.
The SP of South West Khasi Hills, Maxwell B Syiem, said that the vehicle belonged to the Social Welfare Officer on duty to send the vehicle. close this market when it is time to close.
In the quarterfinals, Smit beat Seven Brothers 5-1 while Assam Rifles beat Mawpdang 8-2
Rikkala previously lived in Dubai, where he worked as a driver.
The mother and her son went to the market.
Shillong: The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Shillong, on Tuesday ordered the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima not to appear before the National Commission for Minorities convened in Delhi.
At the meeting, Bah Jambor also urged the leaders who have left the UDP to join the HSPDP, saying that one of these leaders while speaking at the UDP meeting in Markasa in the election MLA 2018, u Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit during his election campaign for the HSPDP candidate, said how a foreigner came to explain the work in Mawthadraishan.
Police on receiving a tip rushed to the scene and took the body to Jowai Civil Hospital for post mortem.
Therefore, when there is a sharp decline in the rule of law in the state, shouldn't we first blame ourselves for what is happening in Meghalaya now?
The traffic jam started at about 6.30 pm and the vehicles started to clear slowly until about 2 pm.
The report said that the prisoner who was infected with COVID-19 had thrown himself into the prison using a drip pipe.
The project will benefit 60 lakh residents of Assam.
The opening of roads and the provision of opportunities will bring a brighter future to them and will also boost the income of the North East,” he added.
Ma was speaking at the registration day of his company's employees on Thursday, which he attended and encouraged his employees to marry more often between husband and wife. .
Speaking on the occasion, Titosstarwel said that the arrangement of constituencies may also be an expectation if the Sixth Schedule is amended.
Currently, there are 22 languages ​​included in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution: Assamese, Bengali, Bodo, Dogri, Gujarati, Hindi, Kannada, Kashmiri, Konkani, Maithili, Malayalam and Manipuri. , Marathi, Nepali, Oriya, Punjabi, Sanskrit, Sindhi, Tamil, Telugu, and Urdu.
Coast Guard officials said the search for five people who went missing after a shipwreck ended Friday after the discovery of broken pieces of the submarine (Submarine) is not available.
Bankynsai, also known as Raja, has lodged a complaint with the BDO of Sohiong Block.
They also informed that although the state government has banned rat hole mining, these coal mines are still operating till today.
The Governor said that to strengthen the number of doctors in the State, the Medical Recruitment Board has already recruited 47% of the doctors within one year.
“But the fact is that there is a process in which the truth will be found out whether it is correct or not.
Scientists have developed drugs that can kill HIV, but no way has been found to completely remove it from the body of patients.
“At each Polling Station we have already sent adequate security personnel to prevent any incident and also the central government has already sent its own security personnel to ensure that The polling will be conducted from 7 pm to 4 pm by the District authorities of WKH in collaboration with the police. tight security to avoid any inconvenience to the voters.
He also expressed his gratitude to the government officers who have given their cooperation to provide the necessary facilities for this day and it was a successful meeting.
The Minister said that the Central Government will soon release the project after the State Government has sent their proposals on what kind of works it will do for the project.
They were identified as Biswajit Pal and Dhaniram Tati. They were rescued from Rengsanggre area in West Garo district after 24 hours of being tortured. report from the areas in the Asanang of the District.
Rajiv Mehta will take over as DGP from 5th June.
The President of India, Droupadi Murmu, was present at the Passing Out Parade as a guest of honor and reviewing officer.
“The decision will be taken on the 16th of this month in the presence of the CEM,” he said.
The youths who came from the church and saw the incident immediately gave assistance and took the injured to nearby hospitals.
The four medal winners include Shanbor Kurbah who won the gold medal in the 48-51 kg category, Kordor Rynjah who won the gold medal in the 45-48 kg category; Royalson Lapang won the Silver medal in the 48-51 kg category and Labianglang Thawbri won the Bronze medal in the 68-71 kg category.
In his speech, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah praised the work of the PNGRB through the past 11 steps, and said that this will help India in generating income through gas.
The residents of Shillong, who have been waiting for decades to have flyovers like other cities, may see the first flyover in the city in the next few years. The Government has prepared a plan for the construction of this road from Umshyrpi to the Rhino Museum.
However, the Congress candidate Havergail Bareh cannot be counted on.
These companies come here to our country to buy away the beautiful natural resources that produce jangew jathang and we consider them to be unsuitable for planting them.
Only politicians, contractors who buy houses and land almost every day and government officials especially PWD, PHE engineers and others get rich.
Bias causes many confusions and problems.
Shillong: A Ministerial Team from Delhi will visit Meghalaya next month to inspect the damage caused by the heavy rains, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong. past.
If you don't call yourself a “Christian”, before you face the cross, go to prison and die, I want to explain a little bit from the Bible.
On the same day, the office bearers of the PDF constituency including Bah KC Roy Pde President, Miss Neiniwanda Pakam General Secretary and other office bearers were also elected.
If Meghalaya is filled with young people who are addicted to drugs, what will happen to the future of the state and a dark future is already ahead.
“This is just the acceptance of the Central Government Act and the task now is to draft the Rules,” he said.
JETS 24X7 also said that the demand to ban the issuance of Trading License according to the law will be a blessing to the job seekers.
The number of recoveries is 20,37,870 or 73.64 per cent, while the number of those still infected is
“The decision to set up the Regional Committees came after the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam recently launched the second phase of boundary talks to resolve the seven disputed areas. postpone.
Two films 'Kima's Lodge-Beyond the Class' and 'Mother I Love you' were screened on the occasion.
When they saw that it was the body, which is not known whether it is a woman or a man, the youths from Saiden, they informed the police so that they can leave the body.
The heavy rainfall in July across Meghalaya has been a joy and at the same time a sadness, because of the joy of the people especially because the Wah Umiam has risen again after the floods. ringsdot from the drought and heat of the weather and sorrow for those affected by the natural disasters due to the heavy rainfall which has caused many damages and even the deaths of people.
After I lost the election in Mawsynram, they took me alone and passed away from me. I am happy even though I lost because the new party to win 4 MLAs is a great victory. “It's been a long time since I've been rejected,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ. He said that the PDF in Mawsynram has also been dissolved and the candidate who is ready to contest. The MDC is now with him.
And there are 3 (three) Feasts left.
The search operation was conducted after the residents of the village heard the news that the man was near the village.
As a sign of preparations for the New Year, Mawphor's office will be closed from 31st November 2022 to 2nd July
The service will start on Thursday and all the members of the church have already prepared to receive this big service of the Presbyterian Church.
“We have received three more plots of land including Mawtawar, Mawsiatkhnam and Mawpat to set up the Block Office,” he said.
Police today arrested an Anshang Singh and seized T.37,000 worth of weapons from him.
The Superintending Technical said that they will send to the Central Government only those applications requested by the State Government, as it cannot be for the Customs Department to accept the applications of individuals or groups to open new LCSs.
Assistant Professor B. Papang, HOD Commerce Department, Jaintia Eastern College gave a speech on the topic of 'Tourism and Entrepreneurship' and the opportunities for young people to stand on their own feet.
TWO TYPES OF MENSHOHNOH: WHO IS AFRAID? As “Menshohnoh” refers to the two types of killing: (a) by shooting or bombing (b) by throwing Shñiuh, Tyrsim or Jaiñphong; (a) We should be afraid of the Killer if he is a Menshohnoh or any Riewthrangsnam because of the signs that appear through the bombing.
The court recalled the decision of the Supreme Court in a case in which a person was granted bail on the ground that he was HIV positive. person is HIV positive, and therefore, the court has given special consideration to her so that she can receive appropriate treatment or live in a place where she feels comfortable.
All the vehicles carrying jhur from Assam will be delivered to the public through the ITEAM
The KSU Myntriang has strongly opposed this proposal and expressed its surprise that instead of sending the money to the Dorbar Shnong, there has been this proposal.
The judges on this day were Shri.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today wrote on his Facebook page that there are 289 cases of covid-19 in the state so far.
I don't want children like me to face such problems,” she said, adding that her father has fled since her mother's death.
Recalling about Champion, Marak said, “We have followed his orders for years and we know how he acts and what his character is.” he is not qualified to be the leader of the GNLA or the Garo people.
Some of the placards carried by the Congress party during the anti-BJP protest read 'Modi stop the killing of democracy' The BJP's placard was carried by Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of PWD, while former MDC Garbiel Wahlang carried a placard. Hindi 'Lathi Dando's Government Is Not Going Again'
Those daju who unload goods from trucks carrying food or other non-food items earn a lot of money and it's accurate,” said the mother. there," said the son.
Nusrat Jahan, MP of the TMC, came into the world yesterday, November 8, after giving birth to a son, on November 26,
