The cost of this road has reached Rs 75.69 crore.
He said that with the ability to complete this training they will now be able to stand on their own feet, without expecting too much from government jobs because it is very difficult to get government jobs. in these days.
In the past few months, KAS together with the state leaders and Sengbhalang have held a seminar and also a demand in Delhi to inform the government authorities on the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Khyrnit. fifth.
The speakers on the occasion, congratulated the leaders of Oste Phi Oiñ, for taking the initiative to organize such a sports ground for women, which is one of the most important sports events in the world. opportunity for young women to showcase their talents in the field of football.
After she failed to return home, the villagers became suspicious.
Suddenly the village Maji said, “Honorable Officer, I am sorry to say that the Liengkynda has collapsed and the water has started to enter.
He said that the state has a border with other countries but the roads are still poor and there is a need to improve the roads to improve the income of the people.
The Department of Horticulture has distributed up to 15 tonnes of turmeric seeds to farmers from different villages through the Hill's Farmer Union Thadladkein Block.
Mynsngat MDC Khanduli Dawan Lyngdoh has started an English school at Namdong A, Namdong A. West Jaintia Hills and today the school building of this school was opened to the public.
In addition, these deficit patterns do not differ significantly from the deficit system.
Bah Mohrmen, as a human being, but also a leading religious leader, seems to have been swept away by the storm Amphan, when he tied up the KHNAM party and threw into hell the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma, who They brought the Easter (Easter) celebration of the Christians, without gathering together anyone else, and all the politicians, the leaders of the people, to the same place, like the demons who followed Lucifer or Beelzebub. (Lucifer or Beelzebub).
In 2021, after the assassination of former HNLC Chairman Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, the HNLC has vowed to remove the Minister of Defence, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui and two HNLC members who have been arrested. Herman Paquintein and Treng Saw.
Other speakers on the occasion included the Deputy Commissioner of NEEPCO, Bah W. Nongsiej, DGM of NEEPCO, Shillong, Loretta A Kharmawphlang, Superintending Engineer of NEEPCO, Shillong. MeECL, Assistant Executive Engineer, MeECL, Banpynbitlang Kharkamni and Sordar of Kynshi Bangla Village, Bah Aibankupar Syiemlieh who conducted the programme.
In the past few days, the drivers and owners of commercial vehicles in Sohra area have sent a letter to the MLA of the area to talk to the government regarding the movement of buses to the area.
There is also a need for information on the executive, legislative and judicial functions of the Hima Mylliem.
The Minister visited Rymbai to inaugurate the foundation stone of the Rymbai Govt.
It was also decided to meet the Minister of Urban Affairs to discuss the issue of MUDA's boundary crossing to the areas under the jurisdiction of the District Council.
The Sein Raij Tuber has expressed its gratitude and congratulations to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of State Kyrmen Shylla who is also the Local MLA of Khliehriat, to the Deputy Chief Executive. Members of Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Lasky Rymbai, Justine Dkhar Ex-MLA, Lakhon Dkhar EM-JHADC, Finelyness Bareh EM-JHADC, Phasmon Dkhar EM-JHADC, Eveningstar Teron EM-JHADC, Abhilash Baran IAS Deputy Commissioner, Tammiyaki Shylla, BDO Wapung C&RD Block, Jowai District Dolloi Puramon Kynjing who have taken the time to witness the 2023 Niam Behdeiñkhlam of the Sein Raij Tuber.
I believe you can clean up the mess ... thank you.
“The Deputy Commissioner through a report dated 19/09/2023 has informed the Secretary of Mining and Geology about the survey and drone survey in these areas where the project has been implemented.
J Synnah, District Social Welfare Officer, while speaking at the meeting, explained the purpose of the celebration of the Special Day for the Disabled. Durka Sari from Mukhla Nongrim, who congratulated and thanked the organizers of this program and also shared the challenges she has faced in her journey.
Besides, he said that the government also provides financial assistance for the conservation of the environment by providing financial assistance to the villages that maintain the forests.
There are also those who are sad and worried when their children pass well because they don't have the opportunity to send their children to school in the midst of poverty, that the agriculture is bad and the income is not all year round.
Referring to the criticism of many political parties on the We card and MYE card, which has reached more than 8 lakh registered voters, the Speaker of Parliament said, “There are some who have been allowed to elected as MLAs, but they are human traffickers, but through this scheme, we will give back what is rightfully the share and share of the people.
Shillong, November 03: As part of the efforts to promote agricultural products with Geographical Indications (GI) tag, the Department of Commerce and Industry through its Export Promotion Team, The Agricultural and Processed Food Export Development Authority (APEDA) has been trying to find new products and new export destinations.
The Rangbah Shnong also expressed his regret over the delay of the government in sending relief goods to the poor people as reported in the media because while the curfew is going on, people are still suffering. The problem is due to the increase in the price of food and beverages and the lack of opportunities to go to work.
As soon as he became CEM 2018, he was against the Dkhar children, but he was more happy against the jait kpa, because he said that there are only 50,000 Dkhar children, while the Dkhar children have exceeded 100,0 clean, to make them rise up by the opposition of the father.
Referring to the natural disasters or the floods, the farmers said that this is one of the reasons why their crops have not been harvested. It doesn't have the strength to grow or even to collect it or to use it at home because the rice is just wet (shah tyllep), it is no longer suitable for use and if you dig or throw it you have to cut it and use it because as it happened in these few days that when the farmers went to dig and brought it home in one night it turned rotten.
No gatherings are allowed and all shops must be closed.
The committee will be headed by Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
“Bah Ardent said this at a public meeting of the VPP in Umsning, where he criticized those who spread rumors about his purchase of a Fortuner.
When asked how many seats the Congress hopes to win, Jairam said, “We are contesting with young candidates and up to 10 women and we hope to do well to form a government.
However, after the expiry of the three months requested by the family members of Ramesh Dkhar, if it is found that they have not done as they promised before the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, the Seiñ The Dkhar Kur did not hesitate to take a strong decision against them.
Furthermore, the Secretary of the Lokayukta is the Secretary of the State Government appointed by the Chairperson on the recommendation of the State Government under section 10 (2) of the Act.
In boxing, Riteeka reached the semifinals in the 57kg category.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Seng Khasi (Kmie), Mawkhar, has celebrated its 47th anniversary.
He said the Governor has promised to send this message to the state government to ensure the payment of the salaries of the teachers.
Besides, the President of Cormau said that the group has also sent a complaint for the full recruitment of those contractual employees of MeECL. According to him, there are about 1700 employees. contracts which cover about 30-40 percent of the total number of MeECL employees and who have served the department for about 20 years.
In other words, "while you are waiting for the coming of the Lord live a holy and godly life"
Many youths from different parts of the country took part in the meeting with Colonel Vikash Singh who informed them about the ways and means of joining the Indian Army.
The District Level Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament (DSO) has invited all schools in the district to participate in the District Level Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament. long in July 2023.
Avocados: This fruit is rich in tyrosine and also contains fat that builds and contributes to brain function.
The Vice Presidents include Allantry FDkhar, Process T. Sawkmie, Shitlang Pale and Mayral Born Syiem.
The daily news frightened the women, children and even the elderly because of the wickedness of Sodom.
They said that they found the bird while they were running step and when they reached near the office of the Forest Department, Mawkyrwat, they found a group of birds. They kthong to eat the bird but in their haste to catch the bird, the bird escaped but was injured in parts of the wings.
He said the BJP under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi of Meghalaya has a brighter future than any political party that has existed since 50 years ago.
They tied the house but Rida's mother didn't know how to open it and so one of the neighbors couldn't open the door with the power of a lyngka.
He asked Bei questions about his brother-in-law, Ksan Sajaar—he wanted to know how he died.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah HS Shylla, today spoke on many issues at the meeting of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) with the Chief Executive Members.
SK Sun said that the Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills, has already invited the owners of the Coke factories to talk but many of these factories have not come. The MSPCB has decided to suspend the work in these factories.
The work of PMGSY has been expanded to include new initiatives.
It is right and proper that from time to time we see and hear that there are those meetings of the kur or the meetings of the members of the kur, such as the general meetings of any kur.
He said that in order to avoid such tragic incidents in the future, he suggested that the government should formulate a Border Protection Policy.
On the other hand, he said that the RSS has nothing to do with the BJP but he admits that some RSS members have joined the BJP. Former Secretary General of the Rajya Sabha Dr. Yogendra Narain (IAS) while speaking on the topic, “Participation in Public Governance” organized by the Meghalaya Institute of Governance (MIG) today at the Meghalaya Secretariat.
In the past 48 hours, 30 people have been killed, 19 injured and 164 houses destroyed in Uttarakhand due to heavy floods in the Ganga River. Uttar Pradesh, in parts of Saharanpur District.
Earlier, the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, had rejected the government's proposal to introduce the Administrator Rule and approved the appointment of Latiplang Kharkongor as Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the United Democratic Forum (UDF). .
The song also expresses the prayer of God's spiritual strength to the Khasi and his humanity.
KK Singh, Sushant's father, has alleged that Rhea has stolen Rs 15 crore from Sushant's account.
Shillong: The office bearers of the East Jaintia Hills District Swimming Association (STA) today met with the Member Secretary of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (STB) to express their protest in writing against the proposal of the Swimming Association to hold another swimming event. Star Cement Ltd has held a public hearing at Brichyrnot for the purpose of quarrying 42.051 hc of coal from the mine.
The bright colors of Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit and Dr Mukul Sangma will try to express their views until Dr Celestine Lyngdoh or Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh will look at each other until the voice is too loud from the same side. against.
Santa Mary Shylla, a resident of Byndihati, East Jaintia Hills District, is her first step to take part in politics and serve the people.
He said that at present Francis Sohmat is the Acting Syiem of Malai Sohmat.
Charles Marngar MLA Mawhati said that the Congress party is the only party that has a special love for the people of the North East and does not violate the rights of the people in the state. it is in the language, customs and traditions and others.
The Labor Department of the Government of India has released the All-India Consumer Price Index Numbers – August, .
The dismissal and expulsion of all these members from the Union is on the grounds that they have violated the provisions of the Constitution of the Association and also the decision of the Central Executive Committee which has been held. on the 18th of November this year.
Risadora Kharlor as Treasurer, Stephan Lyngdoh, Arwel Rynjah, Baswel Nongneng, October Jyrwa and Slanding Wankhar as Advisors.
The subsidy prepared by the government is Rs 7.5 crore for 1 MW and the projects range from 1 MW to 25 MW. He promised to take action on this issue and it will be resumed soon.
“On behalf of the people of 1-Amlarem Constituency LA, I would like to request you to please send for the implementation of the Sub-Division of MeECL at Amlarem. “It will be convenient for all the people of the area because until now the people of the area have to come to Jowai if they have any work related to the MeECL office,” said the petition. According to the letter, the MDC of War East said that the implementation of the sub station which does not exist in Amlarem will benefit the people of War East.
Women are not worried about the conflict between India and Pakistan.
Shillong, Lber 21: “If I have offended you, forgive me” said Ampa Reen Lyngdoh to the residents of Mawlai who attended a meeting held at the Indoor Stadium in Mawlai Mawdatbaki. Donbok Kharlyngdoh, President of KSU Mawlai, said in an interview with Rupang.
He said that earlier there was a DSC examination in which there were 80 candidates but 79 candidates passed the examination. Shillong, July 14, 2013: HANM Shillong, July 14: U Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, Chief Executive Member of KHADC, said that he will send a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills to suspend the inspection of the signboards until it is accepted that the Council will take part.
Like God, he can save man without having to become a man.
At the same time, the union has expressed its regret over the arrest of a Khasi youth suspected of involvement in the incident.
The crowd was still crying.
Speaking on the occasion, former Mawthadraishan MLA Irin Lyngdoh Nonglait said that her joining the HSPDP with thousands of her supporters during the election from The Congress has confirmed that Shakliar Warjri will reach the goal of victory.
The struggle for certificates has been going on since 2020 following the rules of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) that village authorities must obtain certificates from the Syiem of Khyrim Hima. approval to apply for 'sanad' by the Dorbar Shnong as a whole.
Jowai, Naiwieng 09: The Dorbar Tlang of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) which was held today 9th November 2013 was held smoothly. The meeting was held on the same day, under the chairmanship of the Speaker of JHADC, Dr. Sanki Shangpung MDC. When asked by the Executive Committee how many DCLP schools and teachers there are as of 30th September, 2023, EM i/c L.Dkhar replied that there are 93 schools, 304 teachers and students.
After eating and finishing all the work, the children watched TV while Bah Sokon and his wife sat separately in the living room.
Earlier, Bah Lamboklang Mylliem had resigned as Parliamentary Secretary for fear of being involved in the nomination bill.
“The Minister of Home Affairs has also suggested to the Prime Minister that they should discuss this issue in Parliament and has expressed his desire to stay for two days in Shillong to rebuild the North. Eastern Council and he will meet with various parties, he will come in October 2021,” said the Minister of Home Affairs.
To achieve this, schools will work with ITIs, polytechnics, factories and others.
“Iongkhuli is part of Meghalaya and how can the Assam police enter? This is the government's sleep deprivation or the government's failure or the government's lack of attention.
Speaking at the meeting, the Sub-Inspector of Lumshnong Police Station, Bah O.Nongtdu, urged the public especially the school children and all the youth not to fall into the hands of the police station. He said that drugs affect not only the health but also the society as a whole. He said that the police department is fighting hard to curb evil. He urged especially the children and youth to say 'Yes to drugs' because once addicted, it is impossible to eradicate drugs. The Incharge of OST Khliehriat, Dr J.Nongttdu and Renibet Patlong, Member of MCSWA (NGO) also gave speeches on the harmful effects of drugs. They also urged the children and youth to stay away from drugs, because once addicted to drugs it will cause many problems in all aspects and it will also bring peace in the villages. create, in society and in the families of those affected by the evils of drugs.
JD(U) leader and Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar took the opportunity to deliver speeches during a meeting with senior leaders of many political parties besides Congress, Aam Aadmi Party and Left leaders as part of the unity of the opposition parties to contest against the BJP in the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
The appointment of teachers in schools and colleges (grant in aid) is also not immune.
In the Border Area, he said, many villages on the list have been removed.
Tens of thousands of Catholics from all the parishes of the state attended the annual service.
In addition, teachers of Khasi/English/Social Sciences subjects are not able to teach Science or Maths.
Gotabaya Rajapaksa fled the country by military plane and landed in Male, Maldives.
We must evaluate before taking part.
Many schools/colleges have complied with this order without thinking carefully about how it will affect their schools/colleges.
There are also those who say that because the MDA government in Meghalaya is the son of the NDA (BJP) government in Delhi, it follows the same policy to insult and oppose. The rights of the opposition parties like the AP of Kejriwal, the TMC of Mamata Banerjee, etc. until they have stopped completely and can no longer move forward.
And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment:
However, it happened that the leaders who came to the meeting were surprised because they did not recognize those people who came suddenly in hundreds of people, because on other days when they sat down, there were only a few people who come to support and encourage them.
Friends, if you belong to any religion or church group, at this time don't pray with religious pride or pressure on God because God is angry.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 36 cases including 6 cases from Bihar, 14 cases from abroad and 4 cases from Bihar, 1 case from Dubai, 8 cases from Assam, 1 case from West Bengal and one case from West Bengal. cases from Laitkor, 4 cases from NEIGHRIMS, 1 case from Jaiaw, 1 case from Saipung, 1 case from Civil Hospital , one tourist driver, 1 taxi driver in Nongrim Hills.
Shillong, November 4: Nine political parties have announced that they have lifted the two-night night curfew announced on the 5th and 6th of this month.
The EJNC, as part of its efforts to maintain the dignity of the students who are still wearing uniforms, has warned that they should not smoke cigarettes in school uniforms and The union also warned against shops selling cigarettes to children wearing school uniforms.
“This action of the NDA government is only to change the name of the Niti Aayog which is no different from the Planning Commission,” he said.
It reminds me that I shouldn't open my mouth just when I have the opportunity to speak, without thinking. thus.
He said the reason for the delay in completion of the scheme is due to the suspension of work due to the MLA elections in 2013 and another reason is due to the death of the contractor who implemented the scheme.
She said that marriage between a man and a woman is accepted by the society, it is part of the lari of any nation that has been longdoh longsnam and that it should not be changed. .
They don't have to spend money on everything from training, food, accommodation and all the necessities and this is also a golden opportunity for the talented youth of Meghalaya.
The book in the Khasi language (Shella) in Bangla characters, said Rev. Dr. OL Snaitang, is called the Khasi New Testament.
The permanent DGP shall be appointed from among those included in the list whose retirement period shall not be less than one year.
Other points in the letter were that according to the Meghalaya School Education Act 1981, it clearly states that the project for these schools and the Meghalaya School Service should respect government schools.
Shillong: The Cherry Blossom Festival will start today and end on the 17th of November.
On the other hand, the KSU is ready to respond to the people if the KSU cannot respond to the demands of the people. The best but the plan reaches the worst, concluded the statement.
“We have directed the Deputy Commissioner to look into this matter,” he said.
Shillong, July 24 : The North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS) has once again put itself under scrutiny over the allegation of stingy counting by doctors which led to the death of one person. A 23-year-old patient was admitted to the hospital on 23rd July without knowing the cause.
“Imat has fled.
The second issue is the roads, in which he said that in parts of Khasi Jaintia the hills, rivers and places are already beautiful and there is a need for roads.
“We don't want our country to be like Tripura where the villagers are like foreigners,” said the President of FKJGP. their persecution by the high paid until they became low paid.
In connection with the elections, he will go as promised without spending money.
The man who sustained serious injuries to his hand was rushed to the Civil Hospital Nongstoin for treatment.
“(Therefore) the Government should immediately stop this project.
Shillong: On the occasion of the 34th death anniversary of the Syiem of Nongstoin Hima, Wickliffe Syiem, the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has demanded that the state government should remove the a chapter in the history books on the social agreements between the Federation of Khasi States and the State Government including the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement (IOA & AA).
He said that the officer of Rani Jirang Police Station has informed the Superintendent of Police of Ri Bhoi District and as he is not satisfied, he has sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member of Police Station. The KHADC has requested the KHADC to send officers to immediately stop the illegal construction of the road, as the area is still under the jurisdiction of the Hima Nongspung of Meghalaya.
The MLA election 2023 is coming soon.
He urged the government to provide ambulances, which are well equipped especially in those hospitals which do not have ICUs. ICUs, Oxygen Beds, Ventilators, in all the hospitals in the state, but the inspection found that many of these hospitals, which the government has provided yet have not been fully implemented. him.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle on Saturday honored the doctors and ASHAs working in Amlarem Sub Division at Syiem Jingsuk Hall.
The State has been informed that it has discussed with experts how to facilitate the search and received an initial report.
The National People's Party (NPP) candidate and MDC from Mawlai constituency, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, together with his leaders, have met with former MLA of Mawlai, Bah SD Khongwir. congratulations for the upcoming Assembly elections on 27th July
Police admitted that a woman suspected to be Rakkam's girlfriend was also present at the scene.
The court also said that the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills was present at that time and is awaiting further announcements on the matter.
If you feel that they are like a tit, uninstall them from your phone, and don't watch youtube because they don't like those channels.
This step will pave the way for the implementation of the budget announcement for the establishment of 500 surplus production units under the GOBAR scheme to increase income generation by increasing capacity. implement these BG/CBG plants.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 28: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (KHAI) Mawliehbah Area has strongly prohibited the killing of forests in the Mawliehbah Area, especially in the two rivers. The Riwiang and Malen Rivers and other small rivers fall within the entire area.
It is learned that the incident happened at 3 pm this evening and in this incident, two people have died hashen and besides, five others have been injured. Three of them were injured and one of them was seriously injured and was rushed to Guwahati Hospital.
The robbers, the robbers, the robbers and the like do not respect the law and order as the Assam government does.
Meghalaya has witnessed the launch of a new food shop known as 'Mountain Whisper' at RR Colony Rynjah. .
Khliehriat Lber 22: One of the political parties in the district, the East Jaintia National Council (ENCEC) has suggested to the Deputy Commissioner to appoint an independent inquiry into the incident. The coal mining operation is aimed at identifying those people who claim to be High Level officials involved in the smuggling of coal from East Jaintia Hills District to Malidor, Assam.
They have completed their training and every training is important because it will be useful to serve the country,” he said.
Khliehriat, June 4 : U Bah Damewanhi Rymbai, candidate of the Voice of the People (VPP) for the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Election 2023 from Khliehriat Constituency, today came to file his nomination papers. name of the Returning Officer at the office of the Deputy Commissioner in Khliehriat.
Shillong, June 04: U MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie, has suggested to the border villages to complain to the Government of India against the social settlement agreement signed between the Government of Meghalaya and Assam.
However, it is not clear whether it will still be able to, as FIFA says that any country suspended cannot play football against other countries.
In a letter to Modi , the CSF said that the persecution of Christians in India has not ended until these days Show by your actions, not by your words.
Last month, the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that child marriage should be stopped immediately as it leads to all kinds of problems.
Besides, there will be other artists, bands and the award ceremony on the second day of the festival.
The Government has donated 4 pigs to each beneficiary, one male and 3 females.
SHILLONGU Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma today launched a public awareness campaign through school children on how to manage, maintain and protect water sources.
On 28th November 2015, Arful left alone for Mawdumdum and on the night of 8th November 2015, he called and invited his wife to come back with him. Arful and his wife the next day called the same number to Letisha Marngar and sent them to Nongrim Forest. After Letisha called the number of Gracefully, no one answered the call.
Today, the rainfall, according to the Indian Meteorological Department, reached 44.5 millimetres; However, the continuous rainfall last night and today, has increased by more than two percent in Shillong.
On 15th July 2019, the Jal Jeevan Mission was inaugurated by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
When this happens to our youth, will they still be encouraged to go back to Bihar for their jobs and education after the end of the lockdown? I don't know if the Bihar government has done anything against these people. Besides, they have violated the lockdown imposed by the Government of India.
The HNLC said that the hearing, which will be held on the 8th of March, will be held in the same manner. NGT: The HNLC has said that the victory of the curfew has prompted the Prime Minister to issue a statement to seek the assistance of the North Eastern States to demand together. The Government of India, to release the ban on coal mining in the North East.
These sites were inaugurated by Sutnga MLA Santa Mary Shylla on 2nd June in the presence of Additional Deputy Commissioner, DPMU (Megha-LAMP). Bah Hunlang Ioo Blah, Village Leaders, Members and Leaders of Umkiang IVCS to oversee and operate these Units. Project Management Unit (Megha-LAMP), East Jaintia Hills District which was launched by the District Administration of East Jaintia Hills District.
It is worth mentioning that the SSA teachers in the State in the past years have held many protest programs to demand the release of the arrear salary from the State Government.
On the same day, Badonkupar Synnah of Madhya Pradesh, Badonkupar Synnah, won the victory by 10 points. They witnessed the fight of the young man who represented the state at the tournament.
“Mei I Niakha I gave you the money for me to pay for college tomorrow...” said Rida. The mother said in surprise, “Yes, I said to ensure admission.
On November 30, 2020, Dolloi Nartiang was accused of raping a woman.
The college now runs a college for Ayurveda and a college for Homeopathy along with affiliated hospitals.
On Tuesday, 21 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
Then the time comes when like a flower it withers and dies.
“The failure of the government is because the leaders of the current government are from other ethnic groups (Garo) because they want to benefit another ethnic group, and the victory of the NPP to lead the government now This is also due to the implementation of the roster.
Daoruhi Pale of Sailung Ïalong was named Top Scorer for scoring 10 goals, Damangbha Rymbai of Sailung Ïalong was named Best Goal Keeper and Man of the Match. Bashanbor Pale of Sailing Ïalong won the Player of the Tournament title.
On my part, I would like to say that if it is a democratic country, why doesn't there be a law that can be removed by the people if they don't want this candidate anymore,,,,,Doesn't that fit,,, ...For example, if we elect a candidate to be our leader, we don't have to remove him. If his term is not over, he doesn't do what he should do. I am a private government.
The factory is located at Umlaper, Rymbai District near Mynkre Village.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Headmaster of Nongsyllei Secondary School, Lawbyrtun, Bah Fairson K Jana, has decided to lodge a complaint with the State Election Department against the SDO. (civil) of Mairang who were elected in the last MLA election.
On the other hand, Bah Prestone has accepted the appointment and has taken over.
Lyngdoh said that at the recent Cabinet meeting, many ministers have expressed their opposition to this decision and this will be the same at the Cabinet meeting. to be held on Tuesday this week.
Through the website of the Council, anyone who wishes to comment on the bill has been invited from the Seng Khasi Kmie, Seng Kharshiing Kur, HYC Sohiong, Syngkhong Rympei Thymmai, Suting Kur, and Bah Michael Syiem, where the Committee has met with these parties.
Driving discipline has declined for many whether on the highways or on the village roads.
These workers are employed as slaves for the lowest wages.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The Poor People Movement (PPM) on Tuesday alleged that the Rangbah Shnong of Umdapdamu in Ri-Bhoi district and the Gram Sevak of Umling Block have conspired to embezzle the money for the construction of poor houses in the village. claiming that it is a scheme donated by the village to the people to build houses.
She said that if any ethnic groups include non-ethnic groups or others, they will have to answer the question and will be punished according to the law.
“Money cannot buy my freedom,” said Meieid Spelity Lyngdoh Langrin while rejecting the silver coins.
That will be discussed later.
Shillong: U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today met Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi.
"We are seeing turbulent events, which threaten democracy, which is enshrined in the Constitution," Couto said.
The bridge across the Myntdu River is known as the Along Um-Dalong Footbridge which is located in the river which the village has turned into a fish sanctuary.
His friends told him that he had served for six years.
Modi said that Bah Brian became interested in this field after reading several books and first tried this field in 1964 when he was a student.
During his visit, he will also lay the foundation stone for the construction of a memorial to the former Chief Minister of Mizoram who is also the founder of the Mizo National Front. (MNF) at Laldenga's Center in Aizawl.
However, before they did this, the police who received the information raided and arrested him from the place where he had met with the trader. Sandio G Marak, 26, of Riangdim, West Khasi Hills District, has been arrested.
U.P.S, Suspect.
He said the government has already documented six ancient sites in Sohra to maintain and improve them and the government will improve and beautify them.
This village is also known as Umphyrnai.
Shillong: The BJP MLA from South Shillong, Bah Sanbor Shullai, on Tuesday said that the opposition has been trying to mislead the people by alleging that the BJP will close down churches and eat beef. only political tactics.
Two persons, Rakesh Singh, 40, and Rajesh Mina, 28, were also arrested.
Expressing her appreciation for the initiative of the officers to promote the garment industry, Misra invited and urged those present to take initiative for the marketing of the agricultural products produced from this industry. state outside India to improve the income generation of women as part of their empowerment.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The KSU Barak Valley, Shillong, has worked hard to help the victims of the floods in Silchar last month.
Jowai, Jymmang 16: The Jowai Cow Farmers Association under the leadership of the President of the Association, Lewis Pyrtuh today arrested a man named Shiningstar Kyndait from East Jaintia Hills District. it was found that he had offered to sell the cattle at half the market price.
Shillong, July 21: Seven SPTS four-wheeler buses parked in the ground floor of St. Jerome School Nongmensong, Shillong have been destroyed by unidentified robbers on the 20th of this month.
He said those who wish to hold festivals have to write an application to the Deputy Commissioner for approval.
Ed trainees) NIOS is trying to arrange and this will be completed as soon as possible.
At the same time, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh together with the leaders of the People's Democratic Party (PDF), expressed his special thanks to the district authorities of Ri Bhoi, who have worked hard and provided excellent services. , that is, for the purpose of strictly monitoring people coming from outside the state.
Leaders and members of the East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (STWA) have gathered at Thana Road on the morning of 20th June. Police Officer investigating the arrest of four robbers involved in the shooting of a youth on the night of 18th June at Khyndailad.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the state government has already paid the railway fare for those youths who will return to the country. state in the coming days.
The 10 days deadline for the two organizations will end tomorrow, November 10, but at the time of writing, the government has not believed in their demand.
Bah Aibor said that his request with the residents to the Prime Minister is to bring back Block-1 to Meghalaya and the reason why the residents want to bring back Block-1 into Meghalaya is because the residents of Block-1 are only Pnars.
Many of the elders, whom the reporter spoke to, were surprised at the silence of the Congress leaders, including the MPCC leader, Bah DD Lapang, on the laws and regulations passed by the Congress. The government of Mukul Sangma and these officials, therefore, said that the prime minister, will not dare to take these difficult and heavy laws alone, unless he gets the approval of the people. The Congress is the whole party.
Shillong, Lber 24: The non-fully appointed or Adhoc employees of the PWD on Friday to intensify their protest if the government does not provide them with enough jobs or suspend the dismissal in the department.
“Besides, he said that even those villages near Mukroh like Psiar and Khanduli which are border villages and further on have not started Block 1 – II. Mukroh is still in Meghalaya.
Fenella is the niece of Hopingstone Lyngdoh and she applied for a ticket from the HSPDP but did not get a ticket in the mid-term elections.
It may be recalled that the six areas that have been discussed and signed on 29th October 2022 include Hahim, Gizang, Tarabari, Boklapara, Khanapara-Pilingkata and Ratacherra.
ly/3Fb3Osz bad you apple.
Pereyra Diaz scored the first goal for Mumbai.
The bench, comprising Justice W Diengdoh and Justice B Bhattacharjee, said that the Attorney General (AG) has already sent a proposal from the state government. It has convened the HPC for the meeting to discuss any dispute between the parties and others.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday urged Angela Rngad, if she wants to know the truth or wants to talk about her problems, to come and meet him. prime minister but to sit in front of the Secretariat is unacceptable.
Leiborki tried to score from outside the box but it went wide and Lamphrang Paslein shot the ball.
It is learned that the water tank has been filled with soil and shyiap, which has put the staff of the PHE office in difficulty to clean the water from the Myntdu River. Many households who depend on PHE water supply have difficulty in getting clean water for use during the rainy season due to the lack of water supply. The landslide has also affected the lower Pynthor rice fields (Syntu ksiar and Ïalong village) where the landslide has occurred. saw and shyiap did not flow from the landslide from the road.
Replying to this, the Minister of Parliamentary Affairs, Prestone said that the Business Advisory Committee of the Assembly has decided that if there is a need from the Speaker, he can extend the day by 2 days. He also suggested that the MLAs of the Opposition should have the cooperation of their fellow MLAs to raise questions, motions and resolutions. and other issues raised shall not overlap with one issue raised by one MLA and the same issue raised by another.
It is these customs, not only of the Khasi, but of other nations, which distinguish one nation from another.
Kjut nod is located in the state, whether in the district or in the village.
In Creed III, Michael plays Adonis Creed, one of the wrestlers who had to fight against his childhood friend Damian Anderson (Jonathan Majors).
After the arrest of one of them, they conducted a thorough search to find others involved in the illegal activities. Alto 800 LXI with number plate AS 25E
However, as the government has been blind and silent until today by not doing anything to the management of IIPH, the doctors have decided to continue as decided.
The office will open on 2nd July and the newspaper will be published again from 3rd July
Laitkor scored the seventh goal through a hat-trick of Ïawanlang Nongbet in the 2nd, 47th and 57th minutes, while Nisilia Majaw (7 Tracy Rympei (13) scored 10 goals each and Iaraplang Nongrum (30, 40') assisted 2 goals.
The jhur trader, in a state of shock, took the dress from the hospital in Nagpur; he thought it was a raincoat, because he was going to walk in the time of the heavy rain.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated the Travellers Nest at Kyem Village, Mawphlang.
“If you (the people) want to get a Chief Minister from Ri Lum Khasi Jaintia, you should vote for them. The UDP candidates as MLAs, because if you elect MLA candidates from the TMC or NPP you will get the Chief Minister from Garo Hills.
Why do you have to go to the police bazaar?? Hato buh is the government or the owner of the shop?.
Benzema scored the first goal in the 29th minute when he struck the ball from Villareal goalkeeper Sergio Asenjo's feet and in the 77th minute, Benzema scored the first goal. He also scored the winning goal from the penalty spot, which is also his 40th victory since the resumption of the match, since it was suspended due to Covid-1 19.
“I have been appointed to hold this post, but I have not been able to do anything,” he said.
Shillong: There have been 192 new cases of coronavirus in the state today.
On Friday, police from Guwahati came to the home of Kong Berlin in Shillong to inquire into the death of her son.
Shillong, March 16 : Leaders of the Khasi Author's Society (KAS) on Monday met with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to demand the recognition of the Khasi language as an official language. Government language in the state.
The program was attended by the players and their coaches.
When asked whether the struggle for ILP in Meghalaya has been long and even the Legislative Assembly has already accepted it, will the BJP help in getting ILP in Meghalaya? on this he will have to look carefully first.
Let us look here at some of the reasons why we need to introduce this change in the above Act:-(a) To preserve our uniqueness as a nation.
This is because the leaves are rich in antioxidants which help reduce the risk of infection in the body.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner and Chairperson (DDMA) of East Khasi Hills District has informed the public that there will be heavy rainfall and thunderstorms in the country. in parts of the State, on 26th June 2019 and then on 27th June 2019, where there will also be heavy rainfall in parts of the State.
Pala won his first MP election in 2009, when he also served as Minister of State for Child Development in the Union Government.
He likes to call me "monarch of all"
The tournament was inaugurated by the MLA of the area, Sniawbhalang Dhar. Before the tournament, a short meeting was held by BB Bynnud. Hambertus Nongtdu, former CEM of JHADC and others.
He said that the block has been brought back here through the follow-up of the MLA, MDCs and others.
It is alleged that the hospital has been sent to Mawlai Mawtawar village, which has been declared as a containment zone due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
That is why God does nothing about evil (see Kraemer, 2002).
Eleven others were shot dead near a police station in Gaza, where Israeli warplanes bombed them, and 18 were paid in advance. of the people today.
Shillong, March 23: “The minimum number of people who will turn out on the 30th of March will be 10,000,” said the Secretary of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep, Bah RL Blah. Speaking to Rupang on Thursday.
He also acknowledged that the low electricity production in the state has caused many hours of electricity shortage.
How much more so at the time to lead our candidates like the bright lights of the sky.
He also urged the National Parties and Regional Parties to show if they have only 2 minutes of video of their speech on Meghalaya during these 40 days of Parliament.
The number of cases has risen to 21,89,128 and the death toll to 1,18,421, making the US the worst affected country.
He said that so far the state has planted 25 lakh tree seedlings in 450 villages in the last two years.
Shillong, July 6: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) Sengkmie led by its President Ban Donbok Dkhar, today evening came to encourage and support Bindas Syiem. I came alone to sit in front of the Additional Secretariat gate.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah W.Shangpliang, president of the JAC, said that the Dorbar Shnongs of these three villages have taken a strong decision to strongly oppose the state government's plan to grant The Rangmen Cantonment Army has handed over the land to the Umroi Airport.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 63,014, with 5,456 still infected and 1,048 deaths.
“The Seng Khasi Kmie has also invited the Governor Satya Pal Malik, the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma and the Government Ministers, the Chief Justice of the High Court and Others came to witness the annual Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Khasi people.
Ramesh Dkhar, who was involved in the murder of I Love You, escaped and was arrested by the residents of Thadmuthlong C, Phramer Traffic Cell, Jowai PS on Monday. police.
Now the signs are clear, what happened to the Jews has happened to the Gentiles, and that is that through this great disease (Corona virus) when the Gentile kingdoms (Kingdom of the World), they have been shut down. Temples or churches and it is not known how many months or years the Gentiles will lose their churches as usual.
Nilberth lodged a complaint against the non-implementation of projects in Asanang constituency led by Ismail Marak.
On this occasion, awards and cash prizes of T.3000 were also distributed to nine teachers who have worked hard to find the children who have failed to re-enroll them in school.
This shows that you have the Spirit of God in this Temple.
Once elections have been announced for a state, the Government of India cannot announce or introduce new development projects because the law does not allow it until the end of the elections.
Besides the houses, three Maruti Alto, a car and a Bolero pickup were also damaged.
Shillong: The Riwar Mihngi Football League 2022 has been organized by the Riwar Mihngi Social Welfare and Sport Association (RMSW&SA). .
BJYM President Egenstar Kurkalang said that according to the farmers, the Meghalaya government has not provided any training or information, consultation and consultation with the farmers. The farmers said they have met with the agriculture officers and the Director of the department to ask for clarification on this. They also requested the government to allow some time for the farmers to prepare or consider this but despite their complaints, the government intends to force the farmers.
Mayral Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh Constituency was also present as the chief guest. Sylvester Mynsong, Rangbah Shnong of Nongpoh, Gordon Tham were also present. , Member of the Apex Council of the Union of Village Youth Associations, office bearers of the Nongpoh Youth Association including Lumlang Shylla as President, Ronald Rani, General Secretary and others.
However, the woman escaped from the scene.
I am not the one who wants the post of prime minister,” he said.
The question he should raise as the VPP MLA is regarding the allegation that the police assaulted the VPP MLA from Mawlai, Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang during the recent protest of the VPP against the dismissal of Meghalaya Officers. Local Commissioner.
Byforcestar Dhar scored 42 runs off 33 balls, Wanker Sana scored 35 runs off 31 balls and Echwa Phawa scored 22 runs off 25 balls.
On the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, MLA Nujorki Sungoh, KN Kumar IAS, Chairman of the Meghalaya Farmers' Empowerment Commission, Deputy Commissioner Garod LSN Dykes, Deputy Commissioner Garod LSN Dykes, IAS, Superintendent of Police Bikram D. Marak, MPS officers, farmers and others attended the festival.
“The increase in the price of fuel has created a big problem for us drivers to provide for our families and the needs of our children,” he said.
Four candidates have contested the election from the 5th Sutnga Saipung Constituency including the winner, Santa Mary Shylla, NPP, Vincent H Pala, MLA from the Congress party. Shitlang Pale of BJP received 10453 votes, Krison Langstand of BJP received 424 votes and 416 votes went to NOTA. MLAs from five constituencies in West Jaintia Hills District have won the election in 2023, in which the people of these constituencies have trusted them to carry the burden for the next five years. their success since 2018.
This comes two days after the attack on a doctor of Animal Husbandry & Veterinary by BSF troops in Amlarem, which led to the threat of shooting dead the doctor.
That trial is ongoing right now," he said.
These things are also thy peace ! but now THEY HAVE BEEN HIDDEN FROM YOUR FACE! (Jerusalem).
Raina Begum, 68, was admitted to Ampati Civil Hospital on 17th November 2020 and tested positive for Covid-19. She died on 22nd November At about 10:50 pm, he was diagnosed with stroke, hypertension and diabetes.
When they reached the forest, the three of them went on their own way to hunt the birds wherever they were so that at night they could shoot them with a jri.
Shillong: The former office bearers of the East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (EKHLTWA) including Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa, Bah Disparsing Rani and members of the Executive Committee have resigned. The Association has not yet elected any new office bearers but has set up a Core Committee to oversee the activities of the Association.
The following night, police raided Jack's residence in Dudaret in the Selsella area where a shootout broke out between them.
Pohkseh SC and Smit SC won the Second Division Football League of the Shillong Sports Association on Tuesday at the SSA Stadium, Polo.
One of them is Trilian Umsong who worked for 51 days in October and June 2012 and November
Their house has 5 rooms.
Shillong: A total of 53 players have transferred from one district to another.
People are stupid and follow until they get good service and until they get something.
However, we will look into this issue and hope that our discussion will be successful.
Or if you can send me your questions here.
Therefore, the office has informed all the schools to be prepared and perhaps in the next few months the tournament will be able to resume which the office will announce and inform the schools.
“Besides, he has criticized me and the Prime Minister many times, which we don't have time to spend with this kind of person because he is who he is,” said Prestone.
“You (Israel) are my side of war and my weapons of war.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced the date for the mid-term elections in Nongstoin Constituency to fill the vacant seat of Maieid Hoping. The HSPDP and the Congress party have been fighting for the ticket between the HSPDP and the Congress party and for the mid-term elections, D.Jyndiang has won the ticket. HSPDP and Gabriel Wahlang on the Congress ticket.
“This shows that this government is not willing to take any bad measures in the name of development,” he said.
Police should not conduct searches not only at night but in the morning especially as most of the people who walk and stand are in the morning especially during school and office holidays.
On the part of these various departments of the Government, they have promised to do their utmost to bring about development projects in this village which has become famous in the tourism industry.
KSU Sonapyrdi Unit urges the electricity department to relocate this post as soon as possible so that no harm will happen to these people in the future, said a statement from Samla TL Gympad, President KSU Sonapyrdi Unit.
She added that these announcements on money laundering emphasize this prohibited activity.
In the complaint sent to the EM incharge of the Elaka , the HYC also showed a certificate signed by a person who claimed to be the Rangbah Shnong of the Harijan Panchayat Committee , Billu Shri Pinde Singh, son of Lt. Kissu Singh, was issued a certificate showing that Pinde is a full resident of the village.
He said that on this day he remembers the desire of his father (L) PA Sangma to see the indigenous people to hold this seat.
When there are bad things, we have to do it and there is no other way.
The JN Stadium has also constructed an indoor stadium which is equal to the best indoor stadiums in the world including a shooting range, badminton court and basketball court.
The investigation is ongoing and therefore it is not appropriate for me to comment on this matter," he told reporters.
Shillong, November 14 : The office of the Deputy Commissioner (DC) East Khasi Hills District has received information that there is a collection of money from shopkeepers and buyers in the district. By distributing demand letters, this has caused discontent among the buyers and shopkeepers and has put not only them in fear but also the public.
Many of the leaders of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, while speaking at the meeting, said that the reason why they came to support the NPP is because they have seen the working methods of the MLA in the last three years. long in peace and prosperity.
The allocation of SDRF funds to the States is based on various factors such as previous expenditure, location, population and disaster risk.
The new cases include EGH: 4, EJH: 10, EKH: 116, RBD: 49, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 18, WGH: 6, WJH: 28 and WKH:
All ration recipients will be required to wear masks at the distribution points.
“There are those who say that this year the struggle is between those who have money and those who don't have money.
It is impossible to imagine that our Khasi would dare to show insult or rudeness through these social media platforms. The jaidbynriew and expressed their pride that they can live abroad and work with foreigners without counting the rain or the victory, but the more they talk, the more they feel proud.
From the east he shakes the earth; He rules the small and the great without mercy, He enters all the countries of the world.
The body of Bah Running Nongkynrih, a truck driver who was shot dead by BSF troops on Tuesday night, was cremated on Tuesday.
The union said that the shops should have Cash Memo, Trading License to prevent illegal sales and the shops should also put up signs explaining their prices. rental car.
Ampareen said that Dr Mukul Sangma's visit may be because he feels that he has some issues to discuss because he feels that the Congress party has not accepted his views.
The family is now worried over his health condition," he said, adding that there was no difference of opinion between him and his father.
Shillong: The KSU Shella Unit in a statement by its President Samla Pynkmen Sanmiet has expressed its anger against the MeECL for the inadequate power supply in Shella village.
Joe said that they also discussed the need to strengthen the Village Court because it will improve the rule of law, and through the strengthening of the Village Court, the people will no longer need to They went up to the highest judgments.
Ex.Rev K.LangrinThere are people who think that a song is a joke whether it is a religious song or a secular song.
In ancient times, the stones and trees were still talking to people. One stone was chosen to become the Mawsahnam of Mar but this stone asked for another head of the king to come to this place. They said that the stone had been asked for a head of a man to stay in this place, so they obeyed and brought it from Sanirang village. I'm going to give you a pathaw.
It is also alleged that the KSU has set a target of T.75 lakh to spend on the commemoration of Maieid Hoping which was scheduled to be held in November this year. The HSPDP has rejected the KSU's plan.
Regarding such beautiful places, the government should strengthen the tourism department and take action to provide roads, so that tourists can visit and it will also be a way to develop The employment and income generation of the people of West Khasi Hills as a whole.
Shillong: Mawkyrwat Veteran and Friends Sporting have qualified for the final of the PFR Veteran Cup.
Adelbert said his opposition is not against the nation, but against the way the government treats its employees.
Subconsciously we don't understand that we are still slaves until this moment if we call it Scotland.
There are many who are willing to testify on this point, if called by the election officials.
Speaking to reporters, Eugeneson Lyngdoh MLA Mawphlang Constituency, who is currently the owner of Rangdajied Utd FC and at the same time the President of Shillong Sports Association, said: that what motivated him to take this opportunity to prepare for this training programme, is that it reminds him of what as a child he never wanted to achieve. young children of today.
As soon as she arrived in Mumbai, she went straight to the doctor for treatment and said that she has recovered and will soon return to Shillong.
The KSU said that as witnessed through the media, other political parties, unions such as Sumo drivers, taxi drivers and others are ready to support the strike. It is understood that the struggle itself is not for the personal gain of anyone, but for the benefit of the majority.
Recently, the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, has made it clear through the media that the State Government will not be able to upgrade the Deficit Patten/Deficit System to Adhoc Schools.
The child has now started to sit on his own without any support and has even started to walk.
Justin Sohphoh, 54, of Akonggre, Tura, has been missing since the 16th of this month in a vehicle (ML-05 Y 7258 (i.20)). .
Perhaps the same IB has told the AITC that Christian leaders have been arrested.
Shillong: U Bah AL Hek, Chief Minister of Pynthorumkhrah and at the same time Minister of State, has directed the Village Authorities of Nongmensong Village to search for those people who spread rumors. The Rot Association of Meghalaya (RAM) has recently said that the headquarters of the prostitution group is located in Nongmensong.
The curfew will be in all areas within Shillong, Municipal and Cantonment areas.
At present, the airport is still very small.
All the bowlers of Meghalaya took wickets.
The office bearers were confirmed by the Organizing Secretary of the VPP, Ma Damewanhi Rymbai.
Shillong, Lber 30 : U MLA of Mylliem and Minister of C&RD, Bah Hamlet Dohling on Tuesday said that if he as an MLA does not do anything, who else will work for the development of Various development projects in the villages of Mylliem constituency.
HK Singh Memorial Secondary School beat Jaintia H/S School 3-0, Ialong Secondary School beat Padu H/S School 1-0 goals, Kiang Nangbah H/S School beat Padu H/S School 1-0 Seiñraij H/S School won 2-0
But they that will be rich fall into temptation and a snare, and into many foolish and hurtful lusts, which drown men in destruction and perdition.
“I strongly appeal to the Rangbah Shnongs to cooperate in this regard, so that our country and nation can survive and protect the rights of the people, the customs and the land. “The shyiap is according to the Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution of the country,” said Sungoh.
The tournament was organized by the Meghalaya Softball Association (MSA) which started on the 11th of this month and ended on Tuesday at the Second Ground Polo Ground, Shillong.
He also praised the CIFT, Kochi through Dr. MM Prasad for helping these farmers in producing many varieties not only of syang but also of fish. others that can be made from fish, such as Fish Achar, Fish Sauce and others.
There was also an allegation by the Congress leaders that the people know better to judge in the 2023 election, because as the people they have already faced many problems in the rule of the Congress. NPP has joined hands with other national parties especially the UDP who claim to work for the people and from outside they are working with the BJP party which the people of the state will never accept. The BJP is not stupid to bring about one country and one religion.
Therefore, fishermen have been advised not to go to sea until the 17th of July while the situation at sea is still dangerous as seen in these days.
Speaking to media, HITO President Bah Donbok Dkhar said, “We will hold this protest on the 14th of this month at 11:00 pm. We will lay flowers in front of the Main Secretariat, the Prime Minister's residence and the offices of the NPP, UDP and BJP as these are the political parties working together in the Government of Meghalaya. Democratic Alliance (MDA).
He also ordered the Mining and Geology Department to punish those people who steal Challans. He said that as of now, there is T.23 crore and how it has been spent.
The tournament was organized by the Jorhat District Sports Association.
“In fact, they (Amapareen and Mahendro) are good candidates but their desire to join the BJP is sad.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: Police have found the body of Hemant Chandra Roy, 33, lying on a bed of blood at Lapalang-Pdeng village, Shillong at 1 pm.
After the first match, the second match was played at 4:45 pm between Nongkolew SC and Mawreng SC. Nongkolew SC scored the most goals 2-1 to win the match.
In the final U-17 Boy's, Rymbai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School beat Wapung Higher Secondary School 2-1 while in the U-17 Girl's, Khliehriat Higher Secondary School beat Lotus Secondary School, Dienchynrum 1-0 .
It is also alleged that these village leaders have not convened a dorbar for three years.
The sword was created to be used by man for peace in the field of law and order, if we misuse it it is a very bad weapon and can even kill the soul of man.
He said it was the NPP that had negotiated with the Indian government to introduce CAB protections in the state and the North East.
He also alleged that the NHIDCL has done this to reduce their expenses on the grounds that it is an emergency.
He said that the Union also congratulates all the MCA players who will represent the State in this cricket tournament and hopes that they will have a healthy body and especially that They will be able to bring glory and fame of victory which will be the glory not only to themselves, but to the State, the District and to their homes.
Bah Miki Lyngdoh is also a person who is very interested in maintaining a clean environment in the village, as well as the residents who cooperate from time to time with the Dorbar Shnong to maintain a clean environment. .
HK Marak said that Lumpy Skin Disease or LSD is a disease of the body of cows and this disease affects not only cows but can also affect other animals if they he was cleansed in the same way.
The corona virus has completely changed the world until there have been many laws that must be obeyed and these laws are like those written in the Bible that governed the children of Israel for thousands of years.
Sec.School (West Khasi Hills) through the breaker after scoring 1 goal.
’ “After graduation, you start looking for jobs.
This district has produced many heroes and heroines of the state, but in terms of development, this district is still very low.
In the first leg, Fivestarson Shylla scored the goals for Umshangiar 3-2 in the 26th & 41st minutes and Toto Sana in the 26th and 41st minutes. 70.
K.Marngar has not yet expressed his intention to join and support other political parties, especially in the upcoming election. Think carefully first by all the youth of the youth group, within the whole constituency.
Stogen said that in this regard, the party itself does not contest elections after the counting of votes but what remains after the election is that the MLA has to fulfill his duties. and the MDC must also fulfill his duty.
He was accompanied by Macmillan Kharbani, President of the Nongstoin Block Trinamool Congress.
He said that the BMC has protected the river and urged everyone especially the rawon who come from all over to take care and protect the dohum dohpnat as well as the environment.
The government has struggled to improve the revenue collection system and the increase in revenue collection has increased by 17% compared to the previous period. ways how to improve revenue collection.
Horkit hordang, the VPP has already thrown away the threat of corruption, but there is a great need for a Khasi leader in the Khadar rule.
The Supreme Court has urged the Central and State Governments to follow the provisions of the Constitution of the country. sell or distribute to the public because if found any food that affects the health of the public is against the rules of law and those who commit violations should be brought to justice especially those companies or producers food that uses drugs that do not affect the public.
Meghalaya, which tied first, scored only 21 runs for the loss of four wickets.
He denied the allegation that there was misappropriation of funds in the construction of the road which led to the delay.
Chief Secretary, DP Wahlang was the Chief Guest and Isawanda Laloo, Executive Director, MBMA & PRIME was the guest of honour. employees and others.
Therefore, the people of Sohiong should elect the Congress again this time because it is a party that allows leaders to rise, and a party that respects all and stands to protect all citizens. village," said Mr. Pala.
Speaking to media, the Vice President of the RBYWO, Samla Elvis Kyrsian, said that the RBYWO strongly opposes the appointment of this foreigner, who is from Assam, even though he is a post. Muster Roll and according to information received from the Joint Director, it is alleged that this appointment was ordered by the higher authorities within the department.
On this occasion, after the meeting, members of the MLFOA and the Federation of Khasi States, met with Bah T Dkhar, MDC, Chief Executive Member, KHADC and requested the KHADC authorities to take action. It is important to look into this Act and other Acts, such as the Forest Conservation Act 1980 which has completely destroyed the powers of KHADC in the field of forestry.
Sohra: Grace Mary Kharpuri, an independent candidate who came second in the mid-term elections from the 26-Shella Constituency, on Tuesday said that she accepts the decision of the people, but she did not think it would happen until so much.
It is up to the Nongkhlaw Hima whether to make the hero famous by parody or by writing a new history in accordance with the character of the hero.
Referring to TMC leader and former Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma as the ruling leader, Conrad said, “He (Mukul) can join the TMC but he is the same person who killed many souls are not lost.
Shylla said that according to the Sixth Scheduled, if there is any problem or uncertainty, it is the office of the Governor to write to the District Council but the letter comes from the state government. This shows that it has regarded the district council only as a department of the state government, not as a body established by the Constitution.
On the infiltration of foreign groups, the FKJGP Leader said that if these groups really care about the Harijans in Them Metor, they should take away their shala of land and give land, build households as required by the Government of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the CLP Leader, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, in her speech, expressed her gratitude to all the people who attended the meeting.
The poor and the rich, the king and the rich, are not free from disease.
He spoke about the development of Aatmanirbhar 5G infrastructure and said that 5G will help in the development of 5G jobs, service jobs in the region.
SIGNS OF THIS DISEASE: The first symptoms to appear in the affected areas are as follows: PROBLEM OF THIS DISEASE: Possible problems The reason for this is that it makes the disease worse and worse.
I was shocked when I heard these two news, because these two were also my friends.
Nongpoh: U Bah Bandary Ryntathiang, President of the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) Sengkmie, along with two members of the CoRP, have been arrested by the police on charges of causing trouble. Two petrol pumps, located in Bhoirymbong and Umroi areas of Ri Bhoi District.
He said that the documents are now in the possession of the Finance and Planning Department. Dr RC Laloo, Deputy Chief Minister in-charge of the Education Department of the State Government, has already announced and promised before the leaders of the All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (AMSSASTA) that the The 1521 teachers have been required to meet with the Chief Minister and the work has been completed, but until now their salaries have not been increased, and it remains only in the dreams of the 1521 teachers ( 4th teachers) as well as all SSA teachers in the state.
One Mr. Le Pelley took a high flash point oil and poured it slowly on the pyrethrum powder to cover it, then used it to cover the inside of the cloth. which covers the coffee tree in order to kill the insects that damage it.
However, when it comes to this, it seems that this is not the case and many of the jobs in the tourism industry are still wild and the reason is because the department in charge of this, does not take responsibility to do not as it should be or because the persons who should have done it have not done or given the order to carry out the work.
Marak also presented the list of rebel groups in Garo that the APVC has prepared for their various activities in Garo including the activities of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA), the Achik National Volunteers Council. -Breakaway (ANVC-B), United Achik Liberation Army (UALA), Liberation Achik Elite Force (LAEF), ATF, Achik National Liberation Central Army (ANLCA) and other groups that have fought and separated from these groups; He said that these groups have committed many terrible crimes in Garo Hills.
Shillong: A heavy traffic jam has occurred in Upper Shillong this morning.
The incident happened at about 1.30 PM when the girl was walking in the area when she fell and drowned. Fortunately, a woman who lived nearby saw the incident and called for help.
The DC of EJH said that about 90 percent of those who have been infected with the virus in the state have received treatment at the hospitals set up by the government.
They put the rice in a tin of wine, or any kind of khiew, and fill the tin with water, and leave it there for about a day or two, according to the kind of rice.
Police have arrested the driver of the truck which was heading to Silchar.
Police have investigated the incident and are searching for the suspect.
However, at the same time, the Prime Minister recently said that Kong Warjri had told him to go for treatment because she was not feeling well.
Of these nine students, some have reached 1st division and subjects have received distinction.
If they buy alomuri, shana budam, Dkhar languages, they don't speak Khasi,” said Dr Sylvanus.
It is impossible to say that many of the education sent by the government or government jobs, our youth do better than the Garo youth but only because of 40%, they have become unemployed youth. and often times it confounds the thinking of young people.
The purpose of this visit was to enable the youth and parents to see for themselves these training centers and especially to meet face to face with the youth who have been trained in these training centers. the benefits and challenges they face.
Shillong, June 9: The residents of Raid Tynring today turned to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to hold an indefinite strike day and night against the suspension of the Sordar of the Raid, Bah CA Diengdoh. They vowed to continue their strike and to stay in front of the KHADC until the order suspending the Sordar is lifted.
Although the time of the murder is not known, according to the family members, the man, Bah Elius Ryndong, left the house at 7 pm. ei ei in the morning with the intention of going to the fields, but from that time on, the family members did not know anything, until they received the news that he had been killed in parts of the road to the forest. It is located on the road from Pahammawlein 20mer to Umdap.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Kongal Sangma, recently informed that a thorough study has started to extend the railway line to East Jaintia Hills District.
TMC State Vice-President Zenith Sangma, Salmanapara MLA Winnerson D Sangma and thousands of people were present on the occasion.
Happy teacher DaysBy: Edison SHYLLA.Shillong: Uwei u rangbah rangbah The 65-year-old man has died of coronavirus.
Among the speakers, some said that if the police department charges up to 10 lakh tyngka to those who receive information about the bomb blasters.
We must be ready to stand up for a strong but steadfast protest to force the present government to review its decisions and prepare in advance for what will happen next. after.
Trump won the 2016 election from the state against Hillary Clinton.
Who knoweth when the thief shall come, the destroyer of the treasures?
Longda said he has tried to do his best for the benefit of the students as well as the Nongshetja Sngi.
Inside the cremation, there is a bright water, which those who went to dive said that it reaches to the bottom and there are also fish in the pond.
From Tura Parliamentary Constituency, only two candidates have registered.
Avoid meeting anyone you don't know who comes to you only on Facebook, Whatsapp.
U S.Paswet MDC, Jowai North
The deceased were identified as Thrangbor Wahlang, Kyrshanbor Kharsyntiew, Ricky Lyngkhoi, Miss Bisilin Lyngkhoi and Miss Drialtina Lyngkhoi.
Hek in the Legislative Assembly said that according to the information available, the Zy 10 Forte bullet was purchased in 2011-12 according to the request of the hospitals/districts. 20.07 lakh capsules from a total of 17 lakh capsules.
The office bearers of the RBYF Umran Dairy Unit include Byeson Marbanniang as President, Wansir Lyngdoh as Vice President, Anjestar Papang General Secretary and members of the Executive Committee.
Furthermore, she said that these drugs have their own parts or actions, which are called stimulants or drugs that stimulate, excite and relax, and depressants that make you depressed. and make them sleep, stimulate the user's body, opioids are pain relievers, and hallucinations make you see what others don't see or hear ( pynthame) and in particular it says that drugs affect their health, society, family, and income.
The three Regional Committees have been given time to submit their reports by 31st November.
The polling for Phyllut and Mawkhan Wahkhwang constituencies has been removed from the voter list in the 24th Pariong Mawthadraishan constituency, while in the Umladang constituency of Mawthadraishan. 3 Nartiang, due to the failure of the EVM machine, yesterday's polling day.
When contacted by Mawphor, the son of Bah Roningstar, Bah Tlingstar, said that the shooting death of his brother-in-law was a terrorist act which shocked everyone because the law enforcement agencies did not he died without forgiveness.
He said he wants to reduce the marks in the personal interviews or even abolish the personal interviews altogether to avoid corruption.
He said that if the MLA takes action and brings these issues before the ruling NPP party in Meghalaya, it will be a great blessing to the people of Sohra Constituency as a whole.
Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar President of the KSU said that the lack of youth has caused discouragement and frustration among the educated youth.
So a week later, police arrested a close friend of his at the market on suspicion of possibly being responsible for his kidnapping.
In a meeting with several opposition MDCs after the opening of the Dorbar, they expressed their surprise to hear these words from the CEM inside the Dorbar, who turned to blame the journalists.
These KSU members were identified as Kitbok Lyngkhoi, Roland Wahlang and Kitbok Kharsyntiew from Mawlai.
Shillong, Lber 25 : Mawlai MDC Teibor Pathaw, who has joined the National People's Party (NPP), Shillong, has said that the UDP has not joined the National People's Party (NPP). The state doesn't have anything to do with it.
“This gate will remain closed until permission is received from the NHAI. The Department will seek permission from the NHAI and if necessary, will also seek permission to install the gates in other areas under the jurisdiction of the NHAI. The State Government has viewed it as 9 miles,” he said.
In fact, yesterday the MMSA has decided that all doctors in the state will strike for 24 hours from tomorrow 28th from 9 am due to the government's lack of attention to their demands. .
Another mother said that not only does the bus reduce the cost but the passengers are happy because at any time the bus is always there to pick up the passengers. come.
Shillong: The Nongjri Dorbar Shnong, South West Khasi Hills District, has informed the public that it will not allow foreigners to trade or sell goods inside the Nongjri Market without the permission of the Dorbar Shnong. .
The BJP has also lodged a complaint with the Election Commission against Hassan's remarks and said he made the remarks in Aravakurichi, a Muslim area.
In the Christian faith, the kur and jait are inherited from the male from generation to generation.
After the incident, the road at Mawlai By Pass at the junction of the bridge collapsed due to the heavy rainfall and vehicles had to stop.
The Shillong IT Park has employed more than 3000 youths and many companies have expressed their interest in setting up BPOs in the State,” he said. The IT Park, which will create up to 3,000 jobs, has been confirmed by IT companies from the US and European countries.
These pastors also heard the complaints of the people who were worried and depressed.
The Rainbow CSC at Pyndengumiong Mairang was managed by Kong. On this occasion, Bah Joseph WK Langstieh, a private sector employee, joined hands and donated a valuable amount of money to the CSC. 20,000 rupees.
Following the resurgence of COVID-19 in different states of the country and the increase in the number of people affected by the disease in the state, the Sliang Tourist Spot has announced that it has temporarily closed the tourist attraction. It is located in Amkoi Village, Amlarem Sub-Division.
The total number of branches is more than 1.63 lakh and more than 2.19 lakh ATMs across the country.
Now that the mining of coal has been opened using the authorities, the owners of the parks have to be careful because if they make a mistake again, we don't know what the National Green Tribunal or the Supreme Court will do.
We must work hard, we must be worthy, we must be rich as people here on earth.
They have been involved in the development of foreign countries.
The arrested were identified as Amzad Hussain Laskar (18) of Rajnagar, Cachar, Assam, Monib Hussain Basker, 18, of Cachar, Assam and Chamir Hussain Barbhuiya. He is from Islamabad, Silchar, Cachar, Assam, police said.
The residents along with the market dwellers as well as the market vendors came out in large numbers to take part in the cleaning of the market.
For more information please call 9856109222,
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the curfew in Shillong is one of the measures to prevent.
In the girls' category, West Khasi Hills beat East Garo Hills 10-0
Through the passage of these trucks, the road has turned into a snowstorm and this has caused obstacles to the traffic, because besides the narrow and bad road, it has also caused the The traffic jam has caused a lot of trouble to the people of Umiam.
Let us turn to the book written by Rangbah Dondor Giri Nongkhlaw, entitled “The Meirisawkun, the Skid of Life and the Destiny.
In a statement sent by Hamewanpynhun Ryngkhlem, Publicity Secretary, the KSU hopes that in the coming days, this youngster will win in other competitions. which will continue to be conducted in the future.
Olinstar said that the power outage in the area has happened many times and earlier it happened that a ksew when he arrived. He died at the scene and it is also a serious threat to the people who walk and stand in the area if the relevant department does not take immediate action.
On November 15, 2013 at Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills for Nongstoin, Rambrai-Jyrngam and Mawshynrut.
Khimusniang Presbyterian Church, Jowai, through the Youth Service, has celebrated this special month of youth, by holding many programs including a Public Service from the first day where there was an opening speech on the theme by Mr. PL Rymbai, Member of the Committee of the Church.
“The money is not less than tens of thousands of crores, it came to the north east, where did the money go, who didn't eat it?” he asked.
We invite all those who are interested in attending the Soh Ñiamtra festival.
Subs not used: Milner, Gomez, Oxlade-Chamberlain, Jones, Minamino, Tsimikas, Matip, Kelleher, Elliott.
Officials from the department said that the blueprint will be sent to the High Level Committee (HLC) headed by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah at the next meeting in the first month of November.
Manbha Iawphniaw of Young Gun FC scored the two goals and the award was presented by O.Marboh. He is one of the officers of Amrit Cement which supports the Mawten Sports Club.
The Executive Committee has unanimously condemned the incident and urged the law enforcement authorities to stop such killings without first investigating the suspects, according to a statement from the Executive Committee. Bah F Dhar, Publicity Secretary Lympung Lumkur Dhar/Nongdhar.
Because the MUA I and MUA II governments under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma have appeared to the people as a tyranny for about 7 or 5 years, the people of the state and even the government officials have Surprisingly, even many Ministers didn't want to share anymore, they just waited for the time.
For the residents who still have identity, how painful it is to see the brutality of their fellow human beings who have lost their identity because of ethnic conflict.
For I say unto you, Ye shall not see me henceforth, till ye shall say, Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord. Matthew 23:37,
In the waters of the rivers you can find many kinds of Dohum, such as Khasaw, Khabten, Khapasli, Kambriang, Daku, Yellow Dohthli, Stem Dohthli, Pyrthoh Dohum, Shalynnai, Lun, the Shyntat, the Lunstem, the Lunsangang, the Thamkrem, the Thamsiar, the Tham-Moo, the Daku Byrtun, the Syngki, the Makur, the Tyrsung, the Darlin, the Kynshiaw suwe and other species of Dohkha ktung.
The Shooting Association of Meghalaya (SAM) on Thursday held a special shooting competition for children with hearing impairments at Bethany Society, Veronica Lane, Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
Regarding the toll gates, there is a committee headed by the District Council Affairs (DCA) in which all the ADCs are members including the PWD department, he said.
Leaders of the KSU and Barak Valley Khasi Students' Union (BVKJWO) have requested the DC of Karimganj to continue the search for the drowned child.
In the meantime, the state police are making arrangements with the district administration to provide assistance to the drivers who are stranded on this road.
She also congratulated the Rangbah Shnong and the Secretary of the village where the child lives.
Regarding the ticket for the candidates, T. Lyngdoh, Vice President of the party, said that on the request of the Central Body to send the names of the candidates, The party has already sent the name of Bah D. Jyndiang to the Central Body to provide for all the requirements. The final decision will be taken by the Central Body.
Not only that, it is learned that there are still 3 people living far away in the village, who came from the North East and other states and they have to be taken care of by the owners of the houses. In collaboration with the village and the owners of the houses, they have to provide for their own food and drink and the necessities of those who live far away in their own homes.
This is the last match of the two teams and they had to share 1 point after a draw without anyone scoring.
Isaiah 1:18.
The provision of toilets led to the need to treat the waste generated from them.
Pynshailang Jyrwa opened the scoring for St. Anthony's in the 13th minute and Balamkupar Rynjah scored the equalizer for Umphyrnai in the 22nd minute. .
Conrad said that in fact the Government has taken part in the agreement with various groups and employees and “We have almost reached the end with the decision together with the groups and the employees. employees in which we will implement the VRS and a last greeting to each other and the full time employees of MCCL".
How can we do that?” said Mehra.
The group urged the VC to conduct interviews in Shillong for various positions at the university.
However, after a few months, signs of damage have started to appear again on this bridge and this incident has caused a stir in many quarters, because it has not happened only once, but it has happened. two or three times.
Alphinia Umsong, 5, of Mawkhap, Pynursla, was admitted to Ganesh Das Govt.
The Secretary of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission, Bah Roikupar Synrem, said, “Why do we demand the recognition of the Khasi language because we understand that if the language is recognized it will open up opportunities. “The time will come when their population will exceed ours and we will become slaves to foreigners,” he said. “If this High Level action continues, it will happen as Kiang Nangbah said that slavery is worse than death. “Who wants this, we have seen examples of others who have changed. He said that the SHM goes from one place to another to explain. The people and also to awaken our fellow countrymen because we don't want to fulfill the saying that if we are slaves in our own country and a nation that is still alive is a nation that is still alive.
But in our No Detection of Terrorism Policy, we have clearly defined acts of terrorism and whoever plays with Bharat’s unity, independence and integrity, will face punishment with death sentence lane sit jail shirt life.
Shillong, July 29: The Executive Committee of the NEHU, on Saturday, July 27, 2013, has approved the report of the Study and Drafting Committee. The name of the Kur Seng shall be “The Seng Kur of Mei-Sin and her children who are Majaw, Kurbah, Saiawmoit, Hynniewta, Khongji, Syngkli”. and from these came forth Rapsang Marbisu;  Lyngwi, Basha the youngest, the oldest, the youngest, the youngest; Langpen of Hynniewtrep;   Muktieh, Be, Langi from Sangkli and Khongwar from Khongji.
However, recently, he found a Xeroxed Election Photo Identity Card and the EPIC, which is in Assam and Meghalaya.
The Chief Minister said that seven youths who returned from Tamil Nadu who tested positive through Rapid Diagnostic Test Kits (RTKs) on 16th July 2020, have been confirmed positive. The results of the NEIGRIHMS hospital were negative.
Meanwhile, the Assamese bring old lur cows and female cows to Hahim and traders from Mawkyrwat go to Hahim to buy them for slaughter.
This was also witnessed in Jowai where banners were displayed around public places including the Deputy Commissioner, Jowai.
The Minister said that a new request has reached the Government from the operators of mobile companies but these cases will be considered from time to time.
Police have registered a case against him under the NDPS Act.
While the police have not disclosed or provided any explanation in this regard, it is said that on that day, the people in the city were still celebrating and celebrating the end of the day of religion. Eid al-Fitr, which is celebrated to end the holy month of the Muslim faith.
Guwahati: In an unexpected incident, Borjhar police on Tuesday night arrested 11 fake soldiers of the Indian Air Force (IAF).
The village requests the current MLA, S. Dhar, who is also the Minister of PWD, to have mercy on us and help us who have suffered from this disaster.
On the other hand, Bah PT Sawkmie, MDC Mawlai Constituency, sent his condolences on the passing away of Father Sngi which has been a great loss to the nation and the state as a whole.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, congratulated the state on its 47th anniversary and urged the people to work together to transform the state as the ancestors have dreamed.
He said that during the discussion, one of the issues such as the Union suggested that the price of electricity should be changed because the government sells to the people while the price of electricity is sold to the people. a lower price.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The National People's Party (NPP) has accused the Trinamool Congress (TMC) of using tactics from West Bengal to win the Meghalaya elections by intimidation and intimidation.
“The supporters have said that we will not go anywhere with the Congress party,” said Bah Olet.
On receiving the news of his death, his family members, hundreds of friends and supporters, rushed to the hospital in mourning. leader.
Regarding the new road for the Pynursla Bye pass, the preparations are in progress, but so far, it has not been possible to prepare the new line, said the NHIDCL. The Mawshun Bypass, which is 2.183 kilometers long, has been suspended until these days due to the lack of land. Meghalaya falls under the Sixth Schedule Areas and the Government has weak powers in terms of land acquisition and therefore this is an issue that has hampered the construction of roads. The MoRTH, NHIDCL and the state government are still trying to arrange for the acquisition of land.
L.Suchen, Skill Development Officer, Madur and other government officials. Ribaitmiki Ryngkhlem, Community Facilitator, Madur.
The same people will go to the market dozens of times until they get what they want.
The village in Italy is very short of people these days and therefore offers financial assistance of £40,000 or T.38lak 60 thousand to anyone who wishes to move to the village.
On the other hand, those who talk too much about anything without stopping are called Riewsaidthma, but Riewsaidthma and Nongsaidthma are the same when it comes to the elders. who are involved in the complaint or complaint against the parties.
Meanwhile, Lajong will play at home to Shillong at the SSA Stadium on the 9th of this month against Neroca FC from Manipur.
These buses, Ms Isawanda said, will be operated by well-trained drivers and assistants and to ensure that the children are safe, people will be placed in each bus. the boss.
Last year, about 19 lakh people were excluded from the NRC as citizens of Assam.
If they miscalculate their bad dreams (like the team writers) and except the number they write, they will change as soon as the 2023 election is over and they will change their political thinking. -Tdong, head and head are like lambit without foundation.
Rangmaw SC scored 114 runs for the loss of four wickets in 17.2 overs.
“However, this proposal is against Section 6A of the Constitution which clearly states, “When there is a declaration of Emergency or for any reason, in the opinion of the Governor, The holding of invalid elections may be extended by the Governor for not more than 10 years and if the declaration of Emergency is in force, it shall not exceed six months after the declaration.
'Many High Courts in India have found that many Hindu men have converted to Muslims because the authorities have not been able to enforce their wishes to be recognized by the law and to marry. more than one, as recognized by the Muslim religion, that it is not a sin to have polygamy, anyway, to have four wives at the same time and that the courts punish Muslim men if there is go complain to them.
The Cabinet, in its meeting chaired by Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, also decided to provide benefits from the 7th Pay Commission to Gram Panchayat Secretaries.
The arrest of Bah Eldie comes despite the fact that the political parties have announced that they have suspended their protest for the Inner Liner Permit (ILP) from 10th to 16th March.
The last time, it was said that the man had stabbed her for about 1 minute and a half, with the intention of taking her life.
On Saturday, the son of Kilo Kilonser or Minister of Home Affairs of the NSCN-U, Bohoto Kiba, was born at 5mer in Dimapur.
Shillong: The 1st Meghalaya Police Badminton Championship was held at the Police Indoor Stadium, Police Reserve.
These include EKH 16, RBD 1 and WKH
Speaking to reporters, Bah MH Kharkrang said that he joined the BJP because the BJP is a party that focuses on the development of the party and not on other issues.
Looking at the work of the Forest Department in the state, there is a big difference between the Forest Act in Garo Hills and Khasi Hills.
These illegal factories are M/s Sauryansi Coke and Rs.25,90,000/-, M/s Safari Coke Rs.3,70,000/-, M/s SD Coke Indus Rs.30, 70, 000/-, M/s Royale Born Associate Coke , Rs.29,90,000/- ,M/s R.S Petro Rs.29, 90, 000/- , M/s Presidium Breez, M /s Umthe Carbon, M/s Hynniewtrep Fuels, M/s S.S Coke, M/s Shree Jii Carbon and M/s MM Minerals Rs.
During the climb of about 1.5km, the Raid Nongtham rulers took Bah John F Kharshiing to the Mawbynna of the Kurs and to the old dance ground and also to the Law Kyntang, and requested to talk to the Government to create opportunities to help improve the date of this holy place which has a very old history.
Speaking on the issue of peace and order, the UDP leader said that the more the youth are worried, the more the parents are discouraged because they don't know what to do for the children. future of children.
The group said that after the meeting with the Minister of Education on 23rd June, they expect the government to complete their work within two months and if it does not, they will sit down. think again which way they shall go.
This US research suggests a shift in the age of stroke victims, from those elderly people to those younger, although experts say these findings of the research need to be taken seriously with caution.
Regarding this tragic incident, Bah Comfort Doloi requested the authorities of the State Bank of India to send an inquiry into the incident and also to take measures to improve and provide for the SBI Patharkhmah Branch employees.
And God said unto Noah, The end of all things is come before me; for they have filled the earth with violence: behold, I will destroy them with the earth.
The teams that will play this time include the champions of last season (2022), Mawlai SC, Nangkiew Irat SC, Shillong Lajong SC, Langsning SC, Ryntih SC, the champions of the Meghalaya State League. Rangdajied United FC, Nongthymmai SC and Sawmer SC, will play their first match of the Shillong Premier Division Football League 2023 on Saturday. On the 18th of this month, Nongthymmai SC will face Rangdajied United FC at 3 pm at the SSA Stadium, Polo. .
Why is the price of Mawshun also charged by the villagers who Challan Mawshun to the Companies? The reason is that we are not united.
After the investigation, the report will be sent to the court and it is the court that will take a decision.
“Teachers at the secondary level will receive 20,000 instead of 10,000 per month and at the higher secondary level, they will receive 24,000 instead of 12,000 per month,” he said.
Although people no longer see Nero, his crimes still frighten and shock many.
He said he supports Mukul Sangma who stands on the basis of not calling for talks with the political parties and supports that those who organize protests should be punished according to the law. the people as well.
While being stopped by the BSF, he expressed his displeasure and took the matter as a personal matter since he claimed to be a veterinarian from the village.
From the state, the most prominent wrestlers include Magaret Pathaw, the winner in 2022, Aiboklin Rina and Banrika Kharkongngor who have competed in wrestling tournaments in the country and abroad.
Shillong: The East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (ECC) has organized a coaching camp to train and encourage the children living in the suburbs of Shillong to play cricket. The Association has conducted this training at Pomshutia Pynursla.
Those who wish to support and assist can contact the District Tuberculosis Officer, West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoin on Whatsapp number:
“It is not right to kill a sick cow.
“When you take medicine, you shall not eat tobacco or drink tobacco, you shall not cleanse yourself or throw it on the ground and take medicine, but you shall not take medicine in a proper manner.
Those who ask for financial contributions from the electorate in their campaign.
Shillong: Following the arrest of these drug users and drug dealers, the Jerobad Police Station has lodged an Ejahar and arrested them according to the rules of the NDPS Act. Shillong: After the IED bomb blast in Two suspects have been arrested in the Khyndailad area of ​​Khyndailad this evening at about 6:30 pm. Within 24 hours, the police have arrested two suspects. In this incident, they also managed to detonate another live bomb.
Banteidor Syngkrem scored the first goal for Lion SC in the 27th minute and Arkini Laloo in the 60th minute.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that he has received information that the hill where the coal has been mined has an area of ​​about 3 sq km, which means that the mining of this hill has also increased, but he said. The hope is to drain the water so that the people who have been buried in the crematorium can be rescued, because it is the rainy season.
Referring to the second phase of the border clearance, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya said that it will start soon and it will not be long, as the government is preparing to do so. and complete the requirements first, all before starting the second even.
Everyone's cooperation will save us from tragic incidents.
In the men's open category 6.5 km, Dabit Dkhar came first, Kangujam Bikram Meitei came second and Rishanmehi Ryngkhlem came third.
The Nagaland government in recent days said that about 1,500 Manipuris have come to seek shelter in different parts of Nagaland.
Even after being allowed to open the Iawmusiang market for the purchase of beverages, it had to be closed again after a few hours because the buyers and sellers did not follow the COVID-19 rules.
He said that the leaders have the powers empowered by the Sixth Schedule and they should implement them to improve the society.
However, we also condemn his failure to spread the message to the Khasi and all the riewlum that he had a hand in shooting and beating others and also that he saw with his own eyes what happened that day.
Waroh Pde is a singer who has sung on All India Radio, Shillong and has released many Khasi cassettes.
He said that this time he has decided not to back down but to contest the election. He said that 45 years of age has been the case. He was old enough to take part in politics.
Shillong, Lber 26 : UDP East Khasi Hills President Titos W Chyne on Saturday said that there will be no change in the political situation if the party wins the MLA election from Sohiong constituency. .
Speaking to reporters, Sang said that neither the state government nor the central government can exercise any authority over the land under the 6th Schedule.
Former Chief Minister Mukul Sangma today met with UDP Leader Dr Donkupar Roy to seek the support of six MLAs of the party to support the UDP. Meanwhile, BJP leaders KJ Alphonse and Himanta Biswa Sarma have met with the Congress to form a coalition government as the party has 21 MLAs. Donkupar Roy, today, to seek support for the NPP-led government, in which Conrad Sangma will be the new Chief Minister of the state.
The JSM also demanded the restoration of the traditional identity of Iaw Pynkat in Khliehriat East Jaintia Hills where the trade should be limited to Khasi Pnar and to immediately end the trade of foreigners. which has affected the income of the citizens.
He said the government has introduced Residential Schools in the rural areas.
I would like to congratulate the Boxing Federation of India (BFI) for allowing Arunachal Pradesh to host this big tournament.
Then they went into the market and bought meat and food and other things.
The parents and participants expressed that they are not disappointed because even those who can sell all the vote coupons to the supporters will have to do well in the competition in front of the judges.
Warning, Check carefully the symbol on the voting machine when you have voted so that you can get your right...maybe the machine is not working properly.
This illegal entry of foreigners into the village (Meghalaya) will endanger the village and the State as a whole.
“Because of the inability of MeECL to provide electricity, there have been many accusations against the Rangbah Shnongs and Village Authorities,” said the Union of Rangbah Shnongs.
Shillong: U Ernest Mawrie, President of the BJP Meghalaya Pradesh, today wrote to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, requesting him to distribute foodgrains to the poor families who have been left behind. the National Food Security Act, 2013 (NFSA).
Earlier, Blah said the resignation of Manbhalang Jyrwa as Vice-Chairman of the HNLC will not affect the peace talks of the party and the work will move forward.
Shillong: U Bah Curtis Rani, resident of Sohiong-Nongspung Constituency for the construction of two public toilets in Ummalang and Madan Bitaw, on Tuesday said that the MDC Scheme for the construction of two public toilets in Ummalang and Madan Bitaw. The Joint Secretary, S. Saiborne, today lodged a complaint with the District Council.
The Chief Guest, Bah MB Tongper, Sub Divisional Officer, Patharkhmah Civil Sub Division, witnessed the participation of 100 youths from the village in this programme.
Nongpoh, June 18: The Deputy Secretary of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Jirang Simte and Timothy Dhar today visited Umkynsier village under Jirang C&RD Block. Ri-Bhoi District to meet separately with the residents to learn about their problems and needs.
However, at the same time, he said that joining the UDP does not mean that he wants power, but before he contested the election, it was the people of Mawphlang who asked him to He said that since he became an officer, he has seen the lack of unity among the ethnic parties as an obstacle. it is necessary for all the ethnic parties in the state to come together and unite.
The purpose of the briefing was to share more detailed information with the citizens of Meghalaya and also to encourage and urge them to use their powers. There is no mariang in the state.
The reason is the lack of time for parents to teach or discipline their children, and the prevalence of child marriage in society.
Jowai, March 01: Leaders of the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) today left Delhi to extend their full support to the Khasi Author Society (KAS) to demand the recognition of the Khasi language by the Government of India. under Article 8 of the Constitution.
Aamir and Kiran's statement said, “In the past 15 years, we have had a loving, exciting life and there has been a lot of trust in each other. respect and mutual love.
Jairam Ramesh, Congress MP, tweeted, “First, it is within 4 months for the second injection, then it is 6 to 8 months and now to 12 to 16weeks.
Nongstoiñ, June 26: The independence of the state on 21st July 1972 has now reached 50 years, three months and four days. To prevent the spread of Covid 19, the Government has launched a video online.
The framework is supervised by the RBI. 1.13 billion accounts are ready to share data, of which 13.46 million accounts have been approved by July
However, on the other hand, he said the government wants to strengthen the recruitment of DSCs in each district to ensure that the rightful youth or job seekers will get jobs. sop is not an officer of any government department.
The Umsning Town Durbar will hold the three-day Carnival Fest 2023 at the Umsning Market Ground from 27th to 29th June
On the other hand, Bah C Doloi President of FKJGP Western Zone said that the union is deeply saddened by the lack of attention of the MeECL department to install the transformers as tragic incidents happen from time to time. The transformer in Umtangar village is unsafe and poses a threat to the people especially children and wildlife.
Three people have died of COVID-19 on Monday, bringing the death toll to 46 in the state, said the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander Laloo. Heck.
Therefore, we have decided to announce that before the 15th of July 2021 before the celebration of the Independence Day, the state will have a new District Mairang”.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through this statement urges all the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep from the youth to the parents to give their full support to this group by voting for the party. They have joined this group through the code number given above as part of the promotion of this group and to encourage other youths who have the desire to showcase their talents.
Briefly, the duties and responsibilities of ASHAs are; to provide information to the community on health and how to treat and protect themselves from diseases.
He said that Meghalaya will face many challenges in the coming days.
This is a decision against the youth of the state and against the health of the people of the state and this shows clearly that the government has no responsibility for the welfare of the people of the state.
In fact, until now, Khasi/Garo is the 1st language because it is the mother's tongue, English is the 2nd language and Hindi is the second language. 3rd language is the third most widely spoken language in Meghalaya.
In this regard, the Union has also requested the DC to take action to send a team of health department to the villages or schools to check for the disease, and to get the order. The government has ordered the public to wear masks, and as the government has ordered the public to wear masks, it is difficult for the poor and needy families. the Covid-19 pandemic.
The HYC has stopped them and sent them away from their place of origin because they did not have the Labor License and other documents required from the JHADC.
“Many drivers behave rudely because when their vehicle is bad, they throw a heavy stone in the middle of the road and when they have finished repairing their vehicle, they leave it there without moving,” he said. , said Balen.
On this occasion, Dr KN Singh and Dr M. Pathak from CAU-CPGS, Umiam Ri Bhoi District, distributed CAU R1 to 24 farmers of Sohmynting. When they have received this rice, they have to harvest it well and they have to plant seeds for next year and distribute them to other farmers.
“The Syntiat department of the government is the strongest and most efficient and we will continue to strengthen it to ensure that the citizens of the state live in peace,” he added.
He said the trade in this country is not as good as in other countries where vehicles cannot enter and travel like in America where trucks travel to Canada, Venezuela or Chile.
Churches were burned and destroyed and some were killed and injured.
The dorbar will be held from 20 to 23 October.
UDP leaders in Pynursla have protested against the news in Rupang that only Bah Khan has applied for ticket from the UDP and they said that there are two applications, one. Nehru Suting and another for Khan. Speaking to Nehru Suting, he said that he did not apply for a ticket and only gave a letter after receiving an invitation from the UDP. Nongstoiñ, March 06: A Rosary School in Kynrud village, Mairang Civil Sub Division, West Khasi Hills District on Friday evening, was damaged by a fire. The school has been destroyed and there has been a destruction of flowers in the ground floor of the school.
He said it cannot be said that the Meghalaya government cannot arrest these policemen but it can also set up its own inquiry.
However, in another development, the supporters of Bah HS Shylla admitted that Bah Pynshngaiñ now supports Bah Shylla and this decision of support came after a meeting to honor him by the party in these days. a few days ago.
All these stars have their own PNEH or Centre.
Speeches were delivered by the Rangbah Shnong of Sawmer, Bah R.Nongbet, President of Women's Wing 4 Mer Pyllun, President of Seng Samla Shnong Sawmer. HYC Central Body Organizing Secretary Nickson Dohling, CSWO President Irene Hujon, CSWO President Teilinia Thangkhiew, MDC Mylliem Constituency, teacher of Shailinia School, Basic School, Sanmer, President of HYC Women's Wing, Mawlai Circle.
Furthermore, the Seng urges the people and the two Dorbar Shnongs of Padu and Nongsder to be vigilant and to fight against this issue and to cooperate with the KSU Nongsder Unit President Samla Basuklang N Khongwar said in a statement.
Ms Suchiang also said that she is sad to see that the youth are now far away from the environment and do not respect the environment.
Police are investigating to arrest the suspect.
“Now in Phase-II, the demarcation will be for the more important and difficult areas like Block-I, Block-II, Langpih and others. others very difficult.
On the formation of the government, Bah Ardent said that this time, we should have had a government led by the ethnic parties but the people have seen what has happened.
The Congress party expects the law to take the necessary action and an independent investigation is needed.
When becoming a leader, he must first of all have responsibility, and he must also know the characteristics of the people he is leading. Whether they are children, youth, parents, he should be able to distinguish himself from one rank to another according to the character of those who are led.
Special prizes were also awarded to Bah Disil Nongrum as the oldest runner and Larihun Dhar as the youngest runner.
plan God is not your Father.
He said that it is for this reason that the government has started awarding prizes to writers who are proficient in Khasi and Garo languages ​​to encourage them to recognize their contribution to the country. sup and thiar you throw you tar.
Rattan Lal Kataria – Minister of State in the Ministry of Jal Shakti; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment18.
The District Election Officer of South West Khasi Hills District has issued an order under Section 144 CrPC prohibiting any person or group from carrying more than T. thousand (fifty thousand and above) within the boundary of South West Khasi Hills District.
Nongpoh, Naitung 21: HANM, Women Wing, Sengkmie together with the residents of 25 villages in Umtyrnga area on the border of Meghalaya and Assam, have staged a strike as a mass protest to demand The road from 13mer, Byrnihat to Umtyrnga Village, has come true now, in which the state government through the PWD department has The funds have been allocated for the construction of this road which has been demanded by the residents of the border area.
The MLA also said that there are Dkhars who are in the police force and who have converted to Khasi.
He said that as Leston is older, he is no longer able to contest the election and he invited him as his brother to contest the election to fulfill his aspirations to serve the people. constituency.
On the same day, the Umsohlang River Protection Group was formed with 78 members with the aim of protecting the Dohkha and especially the cleanliness of the Umsohlang River.
“We cannot work anymore, because of the power outage, the work that should be done, to do any work that requires electricity, we have to stop,” said Dr Barthakur.
Dr H Synmon was the expert who gave training on child marriage.
If these elected leaders cannot pass laws, what is the benefit of having a Secretariat?” he asked the government for not setting up entry and exit points as mentioned. of the 2016 MRSSA.
The Union Finance Minister said that the Union Government will assist the State Government in implementing various development schemes through departments like DONER, NEC and others.
In the past, the people of our country did not have as much misunderstanding as in this age of technology.
This is terrible because God is angry, that if people reject the truth of God's Word, the country will be destroyed because God has created all these things for man, even until They do not rule by sworn before God to do what is right in the rule of law, because it is God who has established these things.
Bah Paul said that the public administration is free to come to the negotiating table, because this affects their own work if they just take to the streets.
The President of the All Meghalaya Dance Association (AMDA), Bah Kitbok Thabah, has expressed his regret after the Arts and Culture Department of the state government has made it clear that it cannot recognize the association.
“In education, two things should not happen, politics and business.
In fact, it is used for cleaning and painting.
As soon as the meeting opened, he said that they were surprised at him because as soon as he spoke, the people came to listen and listen carefully. he should not speak in Shillong.
On the other hand, the group of teachers was led by four officials including Rajiv Kataria, Debjani Das Purkayastha, HR Nath, James Hitler Mawphiang and Anu Gupta.
However, in Meghalaya, there are no such cases and the farmers have to sell as much as the Mahajons buy.
He said that the bridges in Demthring and Nongthymmai are old and need to be repaired because if they break down it will be a big problem for the people.
The university, which was named after the first Chief Minister of Meghalaya, started as a Technical University, opening courses in various fields.
Shillong: The State Level Inter School Football Tournament (Subroto Mukherjee Cup) 2018 has been held on the fourth day at the Polo Ground, Shillong.
This is also a scheme not funded by the Central Government and is implemented by the State Government.
In the petition, Elizabeth Nongbri identified herself as a Khasi and a BJP worker since
After taking over as the chief executive officer of TTD, YV Subba Reddy, ordered the temple authorities to withdraw the money of the temple from the bank.
Concluding his speech, he said that if the youth fall into bad habits, where will the nation go, because we the youth are the future of the country.
The Law hears, listens, arsut throws the synjat lator by the Ryngkew from above to the sky (the unknown stone comes from the moon or the star is unknown) the family is strong, the sky is strong, the moon is strong. them, long night long, the rivers flow steadily from the mountains to them.
Meghalaya's players who will take part in the semi final include Akash Kumar Choudhury, Anish Charak, Arien B Sangma, Aryan Borah, Chengkam Sangma, Dippu Sangma, Jaskirat Singh Sachdeva, Kishan Lyngdoh (Captain) , Pringsang Sang Ma, Ram Gurung, Riboklang Hynniewta, Raj Biswa, Sanvert Kurkalang, Swarjeet Das, Yogesh Tiwari.
Doctors from Khliehriat including the DM&HO, a Doctor from the Civil Hospital Shillong who is also an expert in the field of Forensic Science and other district officials were present.
And I will remember my covenant, which is between me and you and every living creature of all flesh; and the waters shall no more become a flood to destroy all flesh.
He said that the water from Umjasai SMB collected from Khlieh Lewduh and Upper Mawprem has been tested and 27 reports have been made in June 2015 and November 2015 showing that it is not suitable for human consumption. .
Next to NEIGRIHMS, there is also the North East Institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy (NEIAH) which has been in existence for several years, and many people have received assistance from this hospital.
She said that the reason for this is the lack of skilled workers, the lack of skilled workers to come to Meghalaya, the lack of accommodation and the lack of technical staff and others. .
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong said the findings of the inspection will be sent to the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam for a decision on these areas. They are from Meghalaya and Assam.
He said that the government's statement that it will repeal the Khalai Act will be just a word and the HYC itself cannot trust the government because most of the time what it says is wrong. what you have done.
SK Sun said that as a father he does not want to interfere with the work of his son who still has to play well to improve especially when the I-league and ISL are getting closer. prepare and prepare well.
PARKING 5: There is no parking lot at Parish Ladrymbai.
He said that the NRLM has been a successful model in the last five years in which the government has been able to create up to 1 lakh jobs for women and to create more jobs. lakh in the next 4 years.
Nongpoh, Nailar 31: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKHA) today protested against the employment of Khasi youths at the Toll Plaza at Pahammawlein 20Mer. FKJGP) North Khasi Hills District Unit, has visited the revenue collection point and given five days to the company to immediately recruit youths from the area.
The party has urged the people to be vigilant against such leaders who claim to love the nation but sell the nation through corruption.
The Deputy Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills, said that the news has been circulated on social media that the fighters of the group. The GNLA, including the arrested and surrendered members, has tried to recruit and revive the GNLA, while it is learned that about 500 youths have joined the GNLA. The group has already sent them to Nagaland and Burma for training in the use of firearms.
As the oldest Khasi newspaper in the state and a member of the Print Media family, I am filled with joy and hope, to know that the oldest Khasi newspaper in 'U Nongsain Hima', has turned 60 years old today (6/12/2020) of her tireless broadcasting service. years of journey in the field of dissemination of news and especially, in the dissemination of the views of 9 editors and many great thinkers on many important issues These 60 years have been of great benefit and construction to the country, the State and the Khasi Khasai Nation.
Also present on the occasion were the Executive Engineer of Shillong By-pass Division, Bah S. Lytep, the Secretary of the Village, Bah L. Diengdoh, the Rangbah Dong, the elders, the women and the youth of the village.
ULBs have to identify areas where plastic is widespread and eliminate it, along with the assistance of State Pollution Control Boards and the appointment of special enforcement squads, conducting regular inspections and imposing fines. Those who violate this order, in order to implement the ban on plastic bags.
She said that in Meghalaya many women suffer from domestic violence, beatings and abuse by their husbands, but they don't dare to come forward because of the threats if they report or tell anyone. However, on that day, she encouraged the women that if there are such incidents, they should not listen but should inform them. The authorities are not responsible for doing what is necessary.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, several village leaders, including Bah Manason Doloi, Sordar of Warmawsaw, Bah Slendar Lyngdoh, Sordar of Umsohbar and Samla Thangkhiew, President of Patharkhmah Village Youth Association, said that The reason why they have to take action against the entry and exit of foreigners is because they are afraid that people from other places will be able to enter the villages in the area. region.
He said that in the past four years he has been in the Congress, he has never been discouraged because of the way of thinking and principle that has been longdoh longsnam as a member that the former leader of the KSU does not agree with. the foundation of the party.
However, because she did not have a mobile phone, she could not inform or call her family and it was very difficult for her parents and family members who did not know where she was all night.
Other cast members include Ibawansuk Suphai, Arki Paul Thongni, Marina Wahlang and Barihun Iawphiaw.
The raid started from 11 am to 3 pm.
In the last quarter final match of the tournament which was held at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium, the match was friendly and exciting and no one could separate the match in the first half.
This has led to agricultural crisis, loss of jobs and food for many churches and the death of markets, especially in the rural areas.
Parents and even the children themselves have been affected by the unexpected performance of the Mid-Year Examination
In this regard, the union demands from the PWD department in charge of this road to force the company to work better on it and to provide water drains, so that the rainwater will not flow into the road. This will cover the color of the road.
These athletes will now continue to train for the 5th Meghalaya Games to be held next month in Tura, West Garo Hills District.
Nongstoiñ, June 8: The WKSU has demanded that the state government through the Department of Arts and Culture, should provide its own building for the construction of the District Library in Nongstoin.
Lytep said that there is something behind this action of the police even the leaders of the area who are MLAs have been bought by these rich cement companies and they don't want to explain about this.
He said that he still has about 50 cows and 50 muid.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84013 out of which 82274 have recovered and 1462 have died.
“In the past years we have conducted the activities of the UDP in Mawsynram under the leadership of Bah Olan Sing Suiñ and when we turn to this party in the state and in some parts of Mawsynram it is “It's enough but in the border areas we find that the UDP has no hope so we have decided to leave and join Bah HM Shangpliang,” said Bah Lamphrang. mih with your free will.
The drugs were smuggled from Manipur to Shillong in a Maruti 800 (WB 90 7217) and once Thangcha and Kimboi arrived in Shillong, they loaded the drugs. at the house of Paujangam Khongsai and after that, they distributed it to other people.
Many activities have been exempted from the curfew, but the public has been urged to follow the health guidelines, such as wearing masks, washing hands and following the training when sneezing, sneezing and not to sneeze. They didn't find anything.
Although the Legislative Assembly will not see Mawsynram MLA HM Shangpliang and Umroi MLA George Lyngdoh for another five years, it has elected and re-elected two former Sengbhalang leaders. Former KSU Leader Paul Lyngdoh and former FKJGP Leader Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit were also present.
She said that she joined the NCC cadet in 2020 and to reach this position is not an easy task and before being elected as the commander of the rally she had to undergo training. Delhi and it was through the hard work and support of the officers who led her that she was elected as the Commander of the NCC Prime Minister Rally, said Risa-iba Laloo.
Sawmer is the team that has returned to the SPL after playing well in the First Division last season, while it will be the first time for Nongthymmai.
He said that for five years now, the veterinary clinic has been left without employees. In the past, there was one employee to treat the animals, but since There is no employee and the department can no longer operate the land, it has been abandoned and now the house has collapsed and can no longer be used.
Is the Meghalaya Health Department owned by the State or the Central Government? The KSU demands that the Government should immediately resolve this issue and urges it to be the employer of the state residents and not of foreigners,” said Thabah.
Therefore, to ensure the safety of the people in coming and going and to avoid any tragic incident from the collapse of this bridge which has affected many villages in Western Ri Bhoi, these village leaders have set up a They request the PWD department and the District Administration of Ri Bhoi District to take action to prevent these vehicles or trucks from overloading the border so that it will not endanger the bridge.
The program will be attended by a team of doctors from NEIGRIHMS, according to a statement from Bah Bani Mawpat, Secretary.
A public meeting was held on Saturday at Rangshken village to discuss the incomprehensible bill increase which has affected the poor.
The victim, who lives in Tiehsaw, was stabbed in the head by her husband, Biangkupar Nongsiej, Lawse, West Khasi Hills.
Two goals were scored by Jobby Justin in the 28th minute and one by Enrique Esqueda in the 45th minute.
If we give this new drug, how much Khasi blood will be clean and then your xenophobia will disappear like cholera in India; for the mynder shall fall behind him, and the children of the shipiah, the Thohpan-thohbraiñ shall disappear and disappear gradually, like the Dodo birds.
So in this way, it was just like playing ludo.
Through this song competition, it will strengthen the minds of the students, as the belief is to preserve, develop and improve the traditional music of the jaidbynriew so that it will not be overwhelmed or lost. others in the generation.
It is worth mentioning that a few months ago, there was a strong doubt among the people about the CPIO. One of the Supreme Court's lawyers, Daniel Stone Lyngdoh Nonglait, has sent a letter to the media in which he has received a reply that the VAB has not reached the Ministry of Home Affairs. There were no other groups to explain whether the VAB has reached Delhi or whether it is still in the Lat's cupboard. .
The removal of the equipment allocated for the Maternity and Child Hospital (MCH) in Upper New Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills District, and the relocation to other hospitals in other parts of the country. The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) West Khasi Hills District has decided to express its deep sorrow.
Shillong, Lber 08 : Meghalaya Police have arrested two persons on charges of drug trafficking in Meghalaya on the night of 7/3/2 involved in drug trafficking.
This incident was widely reported in the newspapers and messages of condolence and condolences flowed to achieve the rights of the victim.
Others who attended the function included MW Nongbri, Executive Director, State Disaster Management Authority (SDMA), C Kharkongor, Secretary, Civil Defense & Home Guards Department, A Agarwal, IPS, Inspector. General of Police, CRPF, MK Sangma, RP Khongwar, V Syiem, IPS, SP City, and retired officers of the department.
Earlier, one of the leaders of the Congress Youth, Samla Kerlang Thangkhiew said that the reason why the Congress Youth have turned to the NPP is because they see that if they stay in the Congress, their work and words will not go anywhere. also even after a successful year.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng, 12 : The foundation stone laid by Assam for the construction of the IB of the Forest Department at Jatalong under Raid Nongtumg in Ri Bhoi district has been destroyed by the people. They forcibly laid the Mawnongrim without the knowledge of the village authorities and the villagers.
The KSU has expressed its satisfaction that the MLA of Nongpoh yesterday brought forward the issue of ILP for clarification from the government.
In a meeting between the KSU and the ASHA leaders in Nongpoh, they decided to demand an explanation from the Dorbar Shnong Nongsier, on the allegations of the Dorbar Shnong against the KSU, because the leaders of Nongsier, have The KSU Western Border Area (KSU) has alleged that the KSU is involved in illegal activities and has been involved in illegal activities. to protect a young woman with disabilities who has been raped by a man from the same village.
I am sorry for the statement because I belong to the Catholic Church and I was present on the day of the Procession,” said Bah Adelbert.
This was announced in a statement by the Chairperson, Sweety B Tron and the General Secretary, Idari Tron.
“I have lodged a complaint with the CIC against these three blocks, but the CIC has rejected it without any consideration,” he said. long that he is slow to appeal for up to 150 days.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12 : The recruitment of 233 nurses at the North East Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS) is in progress. the 223-10 (ten for the disabled).
Perhaps our ancestors had thought carefully before putting this in place.
In his speech, P.Haokip, Inspector, CRPF, Shillong, Polo Ground and Bah H.Thabah, OC, Mawsynram, gave and explained to the youth of Lawbah area some of the ways and means. They want to join the army or police.
Also present on the occasion were Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie, Mawlai MDC Teibor Pathaw, Transport Officers and Rangbah Shnong.
“You have been ordered to immediately stop the market or the office will take other measures against you and hand you over to the authorities,” he said. “This construction of the market without the authority of the District Council is against Section-3 of the Regulation. of markets) Regulation, 1975,” said the letter.
Iehra – to forget and not to count – ñiewkor.
Nongstoiñ, July 5: As the celebration of World Environment Day on the 5th of July falls on Sunday, many Government departments, Dorbar Shnongs, Sengbhalang, Schools and others have held the celebration on other days from Monday, Saturday to Sunday.
He said that in this age of changes that are shocking and frightening for Christians, trust and surrender to God is essential.
“Until now, you don't think it's better to stay in the countryside, you still feel free in all aspects,” said Ksan's father.
“I'm going to sleep...” She said. Panah went to sleep alone.
Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan today announced the opening of a cow breeding department in the state with the aim of the department to breed and take good care of cows.
Chiarmon Dkhar is not a government employee or public leader or holds any leading position in any field, but she is only a woman and a public servant like other women.
Shillong, Naitung 06: After the employees of the National Health Mission (NHM) Meghalaya, working as Service Delivery Staff (SDS) on 5th November, announced that they will hold a strike from 6 They decided to cancel the strike because if they continue, it will cause problems to the sick people who need their treatment.
Earlier, in July 2018, Robert had demonstrated that he could view a person's Aadhar number.
The Prime Minister said that the government will consider the suggestion.
Until now we have not performed any rituals because we cannot prove whether he is alive or dead but if he does not return we will only pray for him.
Tapan Mallakar of Oakland will receive the money from the claim, while Tapan Mallakar of Oakland will be the sponsor of the kidnapping.
As happened in Laitnongkseh, the cold weather has happened twice, one time when the rice is just coming out of the ground and once again when it starts to bloom.
The HNLC has demanded that the central government should take action to address the issues facing the state and if it does, it will strengthen the security forces.
How can you do that when you are ready to die... God is not God, God is not.
The HNLC said that the misuse of natural resources by the cement plants and Coke factories has severely affected drinking water sources and polluted the environment.
However, it is not useful for us as a nation, to pay tribute to these heroes from time to time (lest they become sad and sad) when the examples and paths they have given us, I'm going to lyndet them.
For those who do not participate in the feasts until the day of death are like that little child whom Jesus set among the disciples.
In Shangpung Elaka, there are three candidates contesting for the post of Dolloi including Chanki Langbang on the seal of the Sun, Daeiladmi Sungoh on the seal of Jingkieng and Harising Papang on the seal of Jingkieng. Star.
According to the source, the shop was authorized by the Minister in charge of the market but on Saturday, the residents closed down the shop.
You should not leave one2
And she arose, and came out.
“Release the information within 48 hours or we will protest.
He said that although Lajong could not get the desire or win as it should have, it encouraged him a lot.
“However, to take a decision to resume the curfew, the government will have to consider carefully as the people have been severely affected in their livelihood.
In the Junior Boys category, Leadingstar Kharbudon came fourth, Kyrmenskhem Lyngdoh came third, Teibanbha Rani came third and Shaiphar Nongkhlaw came fourth. you are wrong.
Fifty of the Chinese troops arrived in Chumar on 16th May and remained in the area until 17th May, the report said.
When asked about scientific mining in the state, the Minister said that all the requirements are being arranged and soon the mining of coal according to the present era will start.
She said that she will soon meet with the CEM, KHADC to demand the cancellation of the license and also to remove the trade from the incumbent EM.
According to the order, all liquor shops, liquor shops, bars and canteens will be closed on these days and the relevant authorities will be vigilant on these prohibitions.
“The claim that Meghalaya has not done anything about the actions of Assam is not true because many of the projects constructed by Assam have been stopped by Meghalaya,” he said.
Romans 11:7
The service was held at the Nangbah Church due to heavy rainfall since Saturday and the collapse of the structure prepared for the service.
These Two Prophets of God had the power to destroy with fire.
The final will be broadcast on Doordarshan and BFI's YouTube channel. Meghalaya is facing a challenge due to the presence of 8384 people living with HIV ( PLHIV) registered in HIV care until April 2023, most of these PLHIV are in East Khasi Hills district.
The elderly, women and youth are still busy in the cleaning of the house, the grounds and the cleaning of the furniture.
Ma Andrew urged the relevant authorities and the government to take immediate action to improve the water supply system in November so that it will not cause any disruption in the distribution of water in the village. .
Laitumkhrah police station has registered a Suo-Moto case against the suspect on the basis of the news and videos circulating on social media, which prove his illegal collection of money from the suspect. He promised to help them pass through the Damsite Bridge.
To my fellow Christians in Ri Khasi, I have only one thing to say and urge, let us be vigilant and condemn those who preach Christian Zionism or the group of Christian religious leaders, who claim that Israel it should turn the entire Gaza City into a parking lot.
“The establishment of this factory in this village will affect the drinking water and the air which are the source of life for human beings, animals and plants, if these two are damaged or polluted. “There will be no health care for the people of this area,” said Lutmon Sungoh, Secretary KSU Shangpung Unit.
The HYC has also found that some of the contractors working in the area do not have Labor License and the HYC has suspended them.
They also strongly condemned the statement of the Minister of State, Kyrmen Shylla (MLA), who said that the government does not have the money to pay the fees. It has made them the day teachers of the schools across the state.
Shillong, Nailar 29 : Farmers in Nongthliew area have died after the African Swine Flu (AFS) outbreak. days that have passed.
In the past, the papers were burnt in the garden and the vegetables and other food items from the kitchen were thrown into the compost which was a hole near the garden and when one hole was full it was buried. and he gave it to another.
“When asked which party he will contest in 2023, Bah Adelbert said that he is ready to join any party that accepts him with the grounds. just blood.
Bobbeeta Sharma, Media Coordinator of the AICC, said the Congress wants to bring many benefits to women so that they can stand on their own feet. that they have power and that they can earn their own living.
Hurdles CC, after tied first, managed to score 105 runs for the loss of five wickets in 18.2 overs.
Even Nicodemus, one of the Pharisees, said to Jesus, “Rabbi, we know that you are a teacher who came from God. For no man can do these miracles that thou doest, except God be with him.
The office bearers of the Durbar, said that the appointment of Meclyour Lyngdoh as Lyngdoh, was done only to complete the procedures, but without following the rules and regulations of the Raid.
Madhoo is very sad to see that the lead actresses in some of the best films receive very little pay and feels that this has discouraged them from doing their jobs well. .
Blaseibok competed in the Under-23 male category in the 48 KG category and Pynnehbor Mylliemngap in the Senior Male Elite 48 KG category. They have been able to showcase their skills in this sport even though they come from this state which is not yet well known in this sport.
I don't know where I got it, I got it.
The CEM said that next month the Council will meet with the Governor to discuss the VAB and to expedite it. He said that until now there has been no idea but it will depend on his wisdom to convince everyone.
The Managing Director of MTDC, Ceyril V Diengdoh, said that the MTDC has set a target of generating T.100 crore in the next 20 years.
Sawmer SC have three points along with Nongthymmai SC and Nangkiew Irat SC. On the other hand, Nongthymmai SC will play against Langsning from 3:15 pm.
In East Jaintia Hills District, entries can be obtained from the DSO office, Dkhiah Indoor Hall during office hours.
Don’t blame nature.
Until today, it has not been announced publicly which constituency the former police chief will contest from, as the UDP leaders in Ri Bhoi, have said that they will announce later, but from It is understood that the Chief of Police will contest the 2023 elections.
On the other hand, AKHAF has suggested that the government should build a Guest House for the Garo people in Shillong. There are no guest houses for the Garo people.
She also reminded that Amlarem Sub Division does not have Life Saving Ambulances like 108 and demanded that one of those Ambulances should be used through the CM Relief Fund. The President of the Seng, Samla Eddy Kery Pohtam, said in a statement.
“On this issue, the KSU requests the State Government to clarify whether these are true or not.
It has threatened to start carrying out bombing activities from 1 January 2022.
He expressed his regret that about 70 percent of the primary teachers in Meghalaya are not qualified and there is a shortage of 1700 teachers in lower primary schools in the state.
He said that as the state does not have a State Employment Policy, the Khasi youth who have graduated from various positions have to stay at home and many of them have to go abroad in search of jobs.
The incident happened at 8 pm, when the man was hit by a truck, which led to his death.
Also present on the occasion were Vice President CEC Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, Incharge Jaintia Hills District Rockerster Warjri. and General Secretary of Jaintia Hills District, Ma Roaming Lamare.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday expressed its surprise to see that the political parties have started talking about the railway line in the country.
According to the legends, the Kni is the key to the Kur and Jait in the Khasi custom.
“If the monthly salary of the employees, MDCs and pension for 10 months is counted at T.70 crore, how can the council pay this salary,” he said. Lakhon said that the employees of the council are now living in poverty and many of them have had to send their children to school.
He said the party has not yet discussed the issue of re-joining the parties in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, but will look into it after the election.
When asked which are the most expensive and the least expensive, it was said that the most expensive are those leaves without trees and the most expensive are those with many trees.
online.
This was stated by the General Secretary of HYC Upper Shillong Circle.
Only the North East is afraid of the BJP or Congress in Delhi, that's why they start taking advantage of us at will.
“The Prime Minister has decided to see that the North East should get the benefits as the people want but often it may not succeed due to various reasons. The Prime Minister has sent ministers to monitor the issues related to this area,” he said.
The CEM was accompanied by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, EMs of KHADC, Ministers of Mylliem Hima, Enforcement of KHADC. paw Ishu election.
Trump arrived at the White House this evening and was flown by helicopter to the Walter Reed Military Hospital in Washington.
Police have arrested and seized the drivers of these trucks and registered a case under case number 785(11)18 U/s 379/188/34 IPC. Mawliehbah SC beat Mawkhlam SC in the Super Division of the Nongstoin District Sports Association (NDSA) on Saturday.
They have held more and more meetings to explain to the residents about the rights and desire to be inside Meghalaya especially in the three largest and most violent areas like Langpih Block-I and Block. -II. However, the remaining two governments of Meghalaya and Assam have said that these areas will be done later and will be included in Phase-II.
The sulab toilet has been used in 1.6 million households and detailed research, which is also the target of United Nations Goal 6.2 to build toilets for more than 2 billion people, bym court bor to build the house.
For the benefit of the indigenous people, as responsible citizens we hope that the state and central governments will repeal this law before it comes into force.
Therefore, the relevant departments are sending investigation teams to find out the reason why the rocket did not work properly on the day of the launch.
The woman was identified as Shilanti Rahman, a Bangladeshi and the girlfriend of one of the murderers, Akhtaruzzaman Shahin.
He also suggested that the state government should have called a strike or a continuous strike as the beginning of the strike and the strike should be intensified.
He said that the government's failure to include the land owners of the villages, himas and district councils and the signing of the soskular that they will not be able to do so and that is why they have to fight again to demand. tidy.
After this, I met Bah AL Hek many times.
Indeed, we see that wars and famines have existed for thousands of years.
There will be a variety of activities for children, youth and adults including food, drinks and games.
In 1982, several of us former KSU members, other friends and members of the Tribal United Front under the leadership of (L) Bah Wifel Slong, in many meetings, mark the rew law to give shares to sons and daughters.
Catholics in India wrote on the front page of the Shillong Times.
The children of the mother are shibakha and the children of her brothers and sisters and those children from both sides work as bakha in calling and in a mutual manner.
Shillong, Naitung 04: Meghalaya, along with Gujarat and Karnataka, has won the Best Performers buskit in the National Start Up Eco System. business hours.
As the police approached, the kidnappers opened fire and the police retaliated and in this shootout which lasted about 2 minutes, the kidnappers fled and left him at the scene.
The KHADC has more than 60 Police Enforcement Officers to oversee the work of the Council in the four districts within the Council's jurisdiction.
Jeans help to liberate the dress code of women,” he said.
“Kongthong Village in Meghalaya has been selected as the UNWTO World Tourism Organization's 'Best Tourism Village' along with two other villages in India,” he said. Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has shared the news on Facebook.
Acknowledging that Meghalaya is the 'Education Centre' of the North East, the Minister welcomed the contributions of academicians and scholars, which will greatly benefit the country. the State.
The NEHU Students' Union (NEHUSU) today sent a reply to the Vice Chancellor of NEHU on the recent information that the university has conducted an interview in Guwahati on 19th March. , at the venue in Shillong which is also the Headquarters of the University.
They will say that even now the 'A,chiks' have not been able to fill their quota, which is 40%.
According to Bah Sawian, Bah Sumar was also a member of the JPK of the Seng Khasi Kmie.
Shillong: The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) today sent a letter to the Director, NEIGHRIMS, Shillong regarding the need to provide a special accommodation. to those employees who treat soldiers and who are currently in orthopedic ward or other places treating patients with covid
pha you don't shisap.
Bishop Wilbert Marweiñ was born in Rangblang Sohsyniang (which produced many priests and religious) on 17th June
According to sources, the delay in joining the BJP may be due to the fact that the President of the TMC Meghalaya, Bah Charles Pyngrope, has refused to join.
Nongpoh: A tourist taxi number ML-05-L-1345, driven by a foreigner, has collided with another vehicle at 20 Mer Pahammawlein, Ri Bhoi District. The driver of the Tourist Taxi, has allegedly used insulting words against a Khasi girl who works at the Toll Gate in the village.
This year, the hope has come again that some of the people who have held the rank of Pastor have come forward to serve the people besides the service of the churches.
The union also requests the DM&HOs of the two districts to report back to the higher department in charge of these development projects in the health departments of the two districts, so that the services can be provided. to the people it shall be worthy and perfect.
Say as the Apostle Paul said – “If I were still pleasing men, I would not be a servant of Christ” (Galatians 1:1
The Chief Minister said that in East Khasi District, the implementation of the containment measure has led to a decrease in the number of cases but it is also true that the disease has spread to others. In other districts, this may be because in the rural areas, people can live.
The office bearers of the National People's Party Youth Front (NPPYF) Langrin Warsynlyngdoh Area are Thrangbor Wanniang as President, Seibor Thongni as General Secretary, Bestarlin Lyngdoh as Working President and Peter Wanniang. Ones Marshra as Assistant Secretary, Treasurer Nisbabell Marthong, Advisors BN Lyngkor and Ready Marthong and 5 members.
Foreign player Lancine Toure scored one goal for Langsning in the first half, followed by Kitboklang Pale and Brolington Warlarpih in the second half. game.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84802 and out of these 83259 have recovered and 1483 have died.
In his brief speech as the new president, Prestone assured that the restructuring of the party will be completed soon.
The Dorbar Shnong once again wishes you a Happy New Year.
We have read two important articles in your Honorable Newspaper (Rupang, Lber 10, 2022) on the front page on two topics: (1) “Border Settlement Without Contact With Hima, Appeal to the King of Mylliem.
He said that the party has decided not to campaign for any party in the upcoming elections but will fight to strengthen the party to contest the MDC election 2024 and others. election after in bud.
The employee is from Karimganj district in Assam.
Earlier, he said that as the MP elections will be held soon this year, they have held the dorbar as soon as possible to bring in the full budget.
Police of West Khasi Hills together with the Crime Scene Unit and K-9 Dog Squad, on Tuesday raided Mynniar village to conduct a search operation. The incident of shooting and robbery of teachers on the evening of the 11th of this month.
Therefore, they requested the Public Health Engineering (PHE) office of Mawkyrwat Division not to listen and watch on this issue but to come and inspect and not to give advance information but to inspect. Surprise inspection because if you don't know, the inspectors won't prepare the necessities.
The list of the Meghalaya team for the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy is as follows: Ram Gurung, Anish Charak, Akash K Choudhary, Amiangshu Sen, Rajesh Bishnoi (guest player), Nahul Verma (guest player) Standbys: Lakhan Singh, Md Nafees Siddique, Adarsh ​​Joshi, Sengpan Sangma, Robert R SangmaSupport staff: Goutam Shome (head coach), Moisten Ch Marak (assistant coach), Vikash Singh Chauhan (trainer), Surojit Biswas (physio), Dhruba Jyoti A Sangma (manager) Meghalaya match schedule: vs Hyderabad, 16th March, vs Mumbai, 17th March March, vs Mizoram, March 19, vs Chhattisgarh, March 21, vs Jammu and Kashmir, March 23, vs Haryana, March 25, vs Baroda, March 27.
They said that they have already amended the Act and sent it to the Governor for signature but now we don't know where the Act is. “We have been demanding the MRSSA Act for many years,” said Samla. Lambokstar.
The export of synsar from Mawlai-Mawiong market in 2015-16 was 35,415 tonnes, in 2016-17 43,889 tonnes and in 2017-18 was 38,556 tonnes.
A welcome speech was also delivered by the Working President Bah R.Hiamdor Rapsang who also explained the history of the synjuk and the conduct of the tournaments.
However, no man shall be a priest or a priest, nor shall he have the right to elect those priests.
“The Central Government has implemented many schemes related to environmental protection,” he said, adding that the JHADC has also announced the IELO in 2021 which is a program on Town Committees have been set up to collect and clean up the garbage from markets and households and to protect the environment.
The fire extinguishing was from the fronts but the rears smoke was still coming out.
The case has been registered at Sadar PS under Case No. 214(7)16 U/S 364(A)/34 IPC.
Sports Minister Shakliar Warjri was the chief guest in the presence of Amlarem MLA Lahkmen Rymbui, DSO West Jaintia Hills Khroobok Passah, members and office bearers of ASSA and others.
She said that this sound was heard until 9:30 pm and the question is, how can the district administration and the police allow this, which affects and disturbs the students and the students. the patients.
The EC has directed the Waheh Shnongs to register the shops and foreign workers and to send the names of the foreigners in the villages to the Council office so that the office can take necessary action.
One of the reasons why he urged the leaders of the Seng Samla Raid Nongbri is that as the youth they should turn their attention for the welfare of the youth of the Raid Nongbri.
Together, let us celebrate and honor the farmers who are the foundation of Meghalaya's agriculture for their perseverance and vision for a prosperous future.
Rakkam A Sangma has been appointed to the Ministry of Education, General Administration Department and Border Area Development.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shan Muganathan, on Tuesday said that it is up to the Ministry of Home Affairs to look into the two Bills of the two District Councils. “After the Central Government has given clarification and approval, there will be no delay in approval on my part,” he said.
In the announcement, it was noted that for the post of Driver Fireman, four Unreserved, five Khasi Jaintia, six Garo and two OST/OSC. Unreserved, 8 Khasi Jaintia, 11 Garo and 2 OT. However, it was informed that due to the lack of Garo youths to fill the posts of Driver Fireman ' according to the lot, that is, 11, only nine had to be added.
It may be recalled that on 10th November 2015, the police of Jowai, on the orders of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, expelled the students of Kiang Nangbah Government College Students Union (KNGGSU). ), who turned to the office of the DC, Jowai, where they shot lyer pynsatkhmat and lathi bombs, both male and female students.
Wahkaji, who have qualified for another round, will play against Lyngdoh Wanniang on July 17 at 9:30 pm at the same venue.
In this regard, the previous law stipulated that these ethnic groups must have lived in India for at least 12 years or more to become Indian citizens.
News reports said that if the outbreak occurs again, it will have a serious impact on the entire country and the country's economy and the weakness of the Chinese government. which shall be seen in the world.
“After watching more than 14,500 athletes through various sports across the state, I began to understand the amount of talent in them.
Medal winners: Jujitsu No-Gi Sambormi Lyngdoh – Walter weight – Gold Pynshngain Bareh – Bantam weight – Gold Welford Nongkhlaw – Walter weight – Silver Gold Medal K1 Ring Fight Five star Bareh – Fly weight – Gold Melam kupar Marweiñ – Feather weight – Gold Juhpaujuh Nongtdu – Fly weight – Gold Sangi Ovan Bhoi – Straw weight – Gold Silver Medal K1 Ring Fight Daniella Mylliemngap – Fly weight – Silver Obadiah Khelpung – Fly weight – Silver Welford Nongkhlaw – Bantam weight – Silangver – Fly Jiwas we – Silver These athletes were led by Sambormi Lyngdoh, coach of the Club who has won many times in various Martial Arts competitions inside and outside Meghalaya. Steve Laloo is the team manager.
It is true that without the Roster System, the Reservation Policy cannot be implemented.
The Minister announced this at the registration ceremony for the Chief Minister's Social Assistance Scheme in Mylliem for the mentally retarded, physically challenged and widows. Baniun, Mylliem C&RD Block, East Khasi Hills District.
Regarding the increase in the number of COVID-19 cases in India, Union Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Mansukh Mandaviya, said that the Omicron variant has a significant impact on the country. The disease has not increased the number of people being treated in health facilities and people should not worry about this, but what they should do is to follow them. rules are not set.
“I am sure that on your part, perhaps you have heard shane-shatai and you will ask this question...but to be clear, on our part at this time, there is no such thing as way of thinking," he said.
This can also be the cause of osteoporosis, lack of protein, Vitamin B12 and wrinkles in the ends of the fingers, mental retardation, wrinkles and wrinkles. headache, bone disease, and anemia.
Shatbha Shylla was elected as Assistant Headmaster and Lakshmon Siangshai as Secretary.
Instead of finding those thankful ones, other more successful schemes have emerged.
Meanwhile, the EC has sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to strongly oppose the CAB especially after seeing the statements of the leaders and ministers of the BJP government that it will not bring back the CAB. The Bill was passed again after it died due to failure to pass the Bill in the last Parliament.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, Bah Disparsing Rani said that according to the estimates of the Atomic Mineral Directorate, the uranium reserves in Meghalaya are 23,263 tonnes.
The Meghalaya government has not yet confirmed the return of Tathagata Roy to the state.
Shillong, November 20: Sohiong MLA HDR Lyngdoh has been encouraged after his people, who went to support the HSPDP candidate in the MDC election, and also UDP leaders came to join the party. The Congress has not given its full support to him in the upcoming MLA elections.
After a while, about 50 people came but fortunately before the riots broke out, the police came quickly to stop the riots.
Babu Kular Khongjirem also urged the government to take advice from parents and school staff including the education department or the public who have responsibility for schools in the state.
They said that rabies is 100% preventable and the precautions to be taken are to immediately wash the affected areas with soap under running water for about 15 minutes and then go for treatment. treatment in nearby health centers that do not provide injections.
Furthermore, the office of the General Manager, District Commerce and Industries Centre, South West Khasi Hills District also organized the 8th District Level Industrial Exhibition 2024 where many local entrepreneurs participated in the event. ) and units from all over the villages of South West Khasi Hills District participated in the exhibition of food and beverages, handicrafts, clothes and other items.
Mawkyrwat, November 28: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawlangwir Unit on Tuesday awarded 37 students who have passed well in various examinations, retired teachers and also role models to 5 schools in Mawlangwir and Mawranglang villages. education for the children, the youth of the whole community.
The organizers of the festival through a statement released expressed their gratitude and at the same time welcomed Martin to this year's festival.
The email also acknowledged that the group had received assistance in the purchase of weapons and ammunition and threatened to blow up bombs around schools.
He said that most of the beneficiaries of the 100 days scheme are only the villages in the Mawlai District.
The arrest of the truck owner and driver came after the CSWO leader and her friend were shot dead.
Once a decision has been made, it is for the good of neither the woman nor the man but of the seed (children) of the future generation.
The Waheh Chnongs of Iooksi Saphai also wished Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit a healthy body.
KSU South Khasi Hills District Unit led by President Reebokstar Diengdoh, his wife Balawanrisha Khongshei and four children laid the foundation stone. The KSU will not be able to hold a meeting in
Childhood, suffering, The colors of the world I don't know;Sorrows and griefs, They have no place in me.
Before the end of the programme, a cake cutting ceremony was held between the office bearers of the KSU and Sengkynthei as part of the celebration of advance Christmas.
Jiedskhem Nongsiej, General Secretary of KSU South West Khasi Hills District and Evansroy Nongrem, Education Secretary of KSU South West Khasi Hills District were also present. Dusterwell K.Lyngdoh, Finance Secretary, KSU South West Khasi Hills District and together with the parents of the three youths.
and it shall be so.
He said that so far, the government has already allocated T.340 crore for the new plan to convert from wet process to dry process. It has reached T.85 crore, but due to the slow pace of work, this expenditure has reached T.250 crore to T.300 crore since 2006, but until now it has not been improved. this factory.
The Prime Minister said the MDA government will support Murmu as she is the first indigenous woman to rise to the highest post in the country.
He said that the KHADC will not stand idly by and will set up three teams to collect Trading License and Labor License in Khanapara, Umtyrnga, Pilangkata and other areas. The purpose of the meeting is to ensure that foreigners do not allow foreigners to set up jobs without proper documents. state.
Take – 9495015563.
They will play against Nongkrem on the 4th of November.
In the innings, BK Bajoria managed to score only 57 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 13.5 overs.
The match will be played on Monday between Chutwakhu and Shangpung Moosyiem at 2:30 PM. Kennedy Shylla, husband of Nimmon Sutnga, passed away on
SN Wahlang said that the school does not have a toilet but has built a toilet as part of the Swachh Bharat Mission.
He has also worked for The Shillong Times, the Meghalaya Guardian, and has written for the Sun magazine and the AIFF.
According to the BJP President, the BJP-led NDA government has done many things for the state, besides many road projects, allocation of funds to district councils and others.
The Joint Director of Education, Ma LS Lyngdoh on 8th March last month, when the JYF and the students visited his office, ordered to submit the names of the students who have not yet received classes. until now they have not been admitted.
The whole world knows about Nero's corruption and it is Tacitus the historian who wrote about Nero's corruption and one of them is that he burned people alive in order to destroy and destroy it. a feast which he held in the court of the king's house.
Shillong: U North Shillong MLA, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Friday morning, visited the teachers who have staged a strike to demand that the government should improve the quality of education. salary to him.
On the opening day of the showroom, Saidalin Khongstai from this village bought a Swift Desire launched by Banalari World Cars.
The four arrested were identified as Dona Laoo, 20, Mebanjop Dkhar, resident of Mawlai, Riewshlur Marngar, 20, and Livingston Dhar, resident of Lower Mawprem.
The winners were awarded with medals, cash prizes and certificates by the Chief Guest.
After that, Donbok said that the police put him inside the vehicle to take him to the Civil Hospital, Mairang. then Hospital.
hynroh@gmail.com).
Darihun Langstang and Phomly Langstang from Mukhap and Phromly Kassar from Shkenpyrsit village shared their plant care methods using traditional knowledge and skills.
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister said, “The court has ordered that the departments which have been able to fix the roster system can proceed with the recruitment in its departments”.
Speeches were also delivered by the President of the Managing Committee, Bah Alexander Syiem, Ms. F. Sun and the Headmaster of the Step School, Bah B. Lyngdoh.
“There have been cases where even the vehicles carrying goods have had to sleep at night on the road because of the large number of trucks parked on the road and which has caused heavy traffic jam along the road. snow is too much," he said.
Lahkmen Rymbui said that the Regional Committee of Jaintia Hill has already held three meetings, the first meeting was held at Khliehriat and this is to understand what is right. to do.
She said that the Assam police will be withdrawn when peace is restored.
Former President Bah Khlursing together with other members of the BJP have lodged a complaint with the BJP headquarters in Delhi regarding the irregularities in the election of the President of the party in the state. they are waiting for a response from the parent organization.
He said that the people of Mawlongbna have been upset by the destruction of their farmland , and has also angered the people of Thyllaw . to look only with one's eyes will lead to violence and confusion.
To bring about change in the rule of law, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Thursday said that the government intends to appoint volunteers in every village to be known as 'Village Volunteers' and they shall be the leaders of the Government in the villages and shall inform the Government on any matters relating to the villages.
It is to be recalled that the road from Boko to the Meghalaya border was constructed under the NEC scheme but now it has been seen that it has reached the border of Meghalaya.
Shylla said that some MDCs had gone to the houses of the two Executive Members of PN Syiem to offer them the posts of CEM and Deputy CEM, but they had to go. There are only 6 candidates from the Congress + 3 from the UDP + 3 from the HSPDP + 1 Independent or 12 candidates.
But it must happen to fulfill Bible prophecy, the Word of God.
Expressing his satisfaction with the BJP's victory, Hek said although it has not yet won the majority in Telangana, the BJP has won only one seat while now it has increased to
Besides, she protects everything.
The residents of the old Shillong will not be able to travel to the new Shillong for work.
Shillong: U Jagadish Hiremani, Member of the National Commission for Safety of the Union Government, today said that Meghalaya is the lowest paid state in India. compare the state.
For example, a mother is admitted to a hospital and delivers a baby during the admission and the hospital where the mother is admitted does not have neonatal facilities, so she is transported The child was taken to another hospital that does not have the facilities for the child.
“The Governor has acted on his own, he has acted on his own without any basis of law and it is his personal decision to decide on Bah Latiplang,” he said. don't have a bad basis".
Md. Muksodul Choudhury of Pomshutia was named Player of the Match.
Shillong, November 15 : The Department of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that all the four MLAs are ready to serve the people of the state under the umbrella of the BJP. Phase-II of the State Talent Identification Program has been launched.
“These trees have been cultivated and cared for for 5-6 years and only a few years have passed since the harvest, but this incident has brought sorrow to all the farmers. “The damage has reached lakhs of rupees,” said Kyrmen.
After that, I went to Mawryngkhang.
Special prizes were also awarded to the winners of the 'Run for Fun' category.
Tottenham scored goals from Alli in the 7th minute, Kane in the 16th minute and Son in the 56th minute. in the 84th minute.
Anmol said that the government's action is only a scientific trick and has nothing to do with the welfare of the people of the state. plague of corruption.
This has also happened to other classes like Class IX, VIII, VII and so on.
Shillong: The Ministry of North Eastern Region (DoNER) today announced that the 18 kilometer long bridge will be built from Assam to Meghalaya. the tallest in the whole country.
This is unacceptable and we have to seek clarification from the District Health and Medical Officer (DM&HO) and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare,” said Bah Marbaniang.
These motorcyclists will have to stay in Kerala from the scheduled date until the end of the Asians.
To know more and to understand all these things.
Speaking to media, KHNAM Youth Wing President Thomas Passah said that the KHNAM Youth Wing supports the demand of the Nongthymmai Nongsynshar Union to not recognize other non-Khasi, Garo people living in KHNAM. this state.
It is pleasing to see the hard work of everyone in the implementation of the Dam Rehabilitation and Improvement Project (DRIP).
" (Luke 7:11-14).
My Father has prepared it for me; Panah spoke to her but Rida did not speak to him.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate from Sohiong constituency, Bah Synsharlang Lyngdoh Thabah, on Tuesday registered his nomination papers at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District. Returning Officer of Sohiong Constituency, Shillong.
The High Court of Meghalaya in its decision has ordered the state government to pass a law on Rangbah Shnongs to resolve the issues.
There are those who oppose Gogoi, who have signed their names demanding that he should step down while those who support him want him to form another cabinet under his leadership. Hi, especially, when the elections to the State Assembly will be held in
David, son of former Sohryngkham MLA Charles Pyngrope, was rejected by the Congress party to give him ticket in the last Mawryngkneng election but contested as an independent candidate. he won.
Besides Mumbai City and Al-Hilal, the other two clubs in Group-D are FC Nassaji Mazandaran of Iran and Navbahor of Uzbekistan.
On the other hand, the union led by the General Secretary and Vice President together with the office bearers of the union visited CHC Khliehriat to conduct the post mortem of both the deceased. They have also consulted with the family members and witnesses of the incident to get sufficient evidence before the party can move forward to demand justice. On the day of the funeral of these two people, the union has visited Wapung village at the residence of these two people who died in this incident to pay their condolences. They also informed them that the party will not remain silent on this incident until they get their rights.
The program was conducted by the President of MTS&CC, Bah Kromlin Shylla.
So far, the population of Gaza, which numbers about 2.3 million, is in dire need of water, food and medicine due to Israel's blockade. the road to Gaza.
“The state government has not questioned the authority of the District Council to collect revenue within its boundary, but the issue is that it should not be on the highways,” said the DCA Minister. talk to the media.
Nongpoh: Residents of several villages in the Umtyrnga area of ​​Ri Bhoi district, today, protested against the management of the Umtyrnga area of ​​Ri Bhoi District. The road from Baridua to Umsen has been constructed at a cost of T.84 crore.
“This will be included in the letter we will send to the National Law Commission of the country,” he said. The Commission shall not respond to these comments.
Both the teams have finished their group stage matches with 7 points after drawing 0-0 in their match on 21st November but Lawei have won the group stage. third place through goal difference, -1 to -2
Shillong, Nailur 20: A consultation meeting was held with the representatives of the people from seven districts, namely East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi, East Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills and South West Khasi Hills. Pastor PB Syngkli, Khasi National Dorbar Hall, today conducted the meeting.
“I am happy to say that in the struggle, I have been able to contest with other candidates, in the struggle we have our own goals, hopes, but in the end this is the way for the people to vote. I promise to work hard for the good of the constituency and I invite and invite these other candidates who are contesting this election I am sure that by being with them, as well as with those who support and Those who don't support us believe that the good will come to this constituency,” said Bah Kyrmen Shylla.
Shillong, Lber 6 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the State Government has taken all necessary measures to ensure that the National Liberation Council (NLF) does not demand extortion money. HNLC) should end within the State.
There are 915 cases of COVID-19 in the state, 444 cases in East Khasi Hills including 39 Armed Forces and 405 civilians, 28 cases in West Khasi Hills District. In Ri Bhoi District, 31 cases including 2 Armed Forces and 29 civilians, 14 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 17 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 17 cases in West Garo Hills. 249 cases including 4 Armed Forces and 245 civilians, 38 cases in South West Garo Hills, 50 cases in South Garo Hills, 34 cases in East Garo Hills and 34 cases in North Garo Hills. there are 10 of them.
Various varieties of jhur, syntiew, jhur seeds, syiar were brought from different villages from these three blocks. prizes to the winners of this exhibition.
Speaking to media, the President of the group said that in fact today, the group, they planned to go to the Secretariat through their march. The employees of this group to convey to the government their demand that from time to time the government has been delaying and ignoring what they as a group have been demanding.
As the post of Deputy Chairman has been approved for the appointment of Bah Gabriel Wahlang, the MDC has been postponed and the election for the election has been scheduled to be held on the next day of the dorbar.
The Secretary of the Kur Pale, Dr.S Pale said that the meeting will discuss the activities of the Kur Pale and also honor the prominent members of the Kur Pale and the students who have passed well. young people who have succeeded in other fields in their lives.
Margaret Pathaw, who won Gold and Silver medals at the World Arm Wrestling Championship in Turkey, received a cash prize of 5 lakh, Angel Mary Mylliem Umlong and Alexander Lyngdoh received 1 lakh each. They are also arm wrestlers.
He was speaking at the KJP Synod Youth Conference in Riangdo,
Until now, the violence against the people in these border areas has become an issue that politicians of all political parties have ignored and set aside for the sake of raising issues during elections.
Let us now come straight to the Government's plan, the discussion on the Government's plan to remove and relieve traffic jam in Shillong.
The top two teams will qualify for the third round and the 2024 Paris Olympics.
Kuldeep Singh said 896 rounds of ammunition, 11,763 rounds of ammunition and 200 bombs of various types have been recovered so far.
Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem as the chief guest spoke on the importance of changing times.
We will write more about this soil erosion in the next chapter.
Raphael Warjri April 13, 2024 The political situation in the state has become stable and often unstable because of the conflict between the candidates and the people in their own state, until there is no longer a spirit of tolerance and a heart that can hold together. to the people.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, in a statement issued today, has issued an order that the owners of houses, are not allowed to evict their tenants, just because they cannot siew doesn't have a house.
Speaking on the occasion, Professor PS Shukla expressed his delight at the 190th birth anniversary of Deen Dayal Upadhyay. The foundation stone of the Golden Jubilee Girls Hostel, Wahiajer, has been inaugurated on a 17.9 acre plot of land donated by the Village of Wahiajer. Jubilee Girls Hostel, at a cost of Rs 7 crore.
“A sudden incident, in which the father died in the water to milk the cow and one of the children.
The Sein Kur Dkhar East Jaintia Hills has called for the misuse of the Kur Dkhar by Ramesh Dkhar and all his relatives as their Kur even though they are not from the Kur Dkhar. They appeared at the office of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, and in front of the leaders of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, they promised to immediately abolish the Kur Dkhar as their Kur and to give another Kur.
He also served as Prime Minister from 1998 to
Secondly, the news "It is the work of God, says the Finance Minister, that income in India has fallen"
Ummulong scored 132 runs in 20 overs.
It is regrettable that the state government has not yet said anything on this issue by leaving behind the Khasi residents in these areas.
We don't have our own life, we don't have our own work; “But if they see that others are doing that, maybe, like they see me, it will encourage them,” said Khan.
We must clearly understand who they are and what their duties are for the country.
According to media sources, the robbers have stolen up to T.45,000 tyngka from one household. The robbers have also stolen T.45,000 tyngka from one household. it's mobile.
The mother told the father.
The Committee on Reservation Roster headed by Kong Ampareen, which met for the first time on 29th June, decided to request the State Government to that it shall extend the functions of the committee beyond the Roster System by allowing it to discuss the appointment.
However, key natural resource supply chains are multi-faceted and vulnerable to disruptions such as trade issues, international relations and natural disasters.
In Jaintia Hills, there will be 34 cases, out of the current 30 cases, of which 4 cases will be recruited by the government, 2 of them will be women.
“At the time of the burning of government offices in Nongstoin, Bah Arphul Kharbani was on the train on his way from Bangalore to Guwahati. “The MPDA Act is unfounded and I cannot accept it,” said Isilda while talking to reporters at Shillong Press Club.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 12 : To commemorate the annual Children's Day in the state and the country as a whole, the 6th Battalion of Meghalaya Police, Umran in collaboration with the Meghalaya State. The Legal Service Authority and the Faith Foundation Shillong on Saturday celebrated Children's Day at Umran, Ri Bhoi District.
He said that Thomas Jones as a Welsh (colonized) was not a subject of the British government, in fact he was from his own country and was persecuted by the English.
We see that not only these two pastors, but the court itself has taken its own decision, that it does not approve at all, for the purpose of operating with Aadhar number and thus this, the It is not that they are against India, but that they are against the laws of the Government.
The LRO demands immediate action or lodges a complaint with the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India to maintain freedom of religion in Meghalaya.
At the same time, a short speech was delivered by the Parish Priest of Rangblang Parish, Rev.Fr.A.Rongrin and also by the Chief Guest, Bah Commander, who encouraged the students to work hard and put the goal in life so that they can be successful.
The Ministry of Electronics and IT (MeitY) has recently distributed the amendments to the Draft IT Rules 2021 regarding Online Gaming for public comment.
He said that tourism has the potential to provide employment to many households in the state and it is indeed the best step for the state.
Therefore, the members of the Forum request the public not to misunderstand and not to accept this news spread by Bah Atiar Syiemlieh because it is not true.
He said the BJP has given its support to the NPP candidates in Meghalaya as directed by the party leaders as no NPP is part of the NDA. South Shillong is one of the constituencies. Those who voted on the 19th of June,
Khliehriat, Naitung 29: Police of Umkiang Patrolling Post in collaboration with Police of Ratacherra Anti-Infiltration Check Post under the leadership of Sub Inspector S. Buam and Border Security Force (BSF) troops of Umkiang Border Out Post on Friday conducted a raid after receiving a tip from intelligence agencies about the smuggling of Bangladeshi citizens into the Indian border through the Eastern Border. Jaintia Hills District.
The Magistrate has placed these nine villages in Containment Zones to monitor the people who have been in contact with these patients to break the chain of spread of COVID-19 in the district.
The residents of Shillong and the suburbs are suffering from the lack of drinking water these days.
Kyrshan Blah said that the party provides donations to support the poor as much as they can especially to those families who really need assistance.
Speaking to media, the Doloi of the Elaka, Ma Phrangki Rynjah, said that according to the Waheh Shnong of Maskut, the reason for the attack was because he strongly opposed the robbers. The court has banned the destruction of forests in the village.
“The intention of the government is to empower the judicial magistrates appointed by the government after the separation of the Executive and Judiciary,” he said.
On the other hand, Bah ED Nongsiang, the founder of the school, in his speech, expressed his happiness after hearing that the MLA will provide assistance to the school which still needs a lot of assistance.
“We on behalf of the Meghalaya Students request Dipak Mallick General Secretary to clarify this and demand that he should resign from the post of General Secretary and Joint Secretary of the Judo Federation of India,” he said. you're a news announcer.
Any unemployed youths who meet the above criteria who wish to apply should submit their names to Mr. S.Warjri, MCS Extra Assistant Commissioner, West Khasi Hills, District. Deputy Commissioner's Office, Nongstoin on 11th July,
The incident came to light when one of the 26-year-old students, who enrolled himself in the company's 24-month Data Science Course in November, filed a complaint against the CEO and other members of the trustees, in which he accused them of cheating him.
The meeting was conducted by Dr. KK Nongsiej, I/c Principal, Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat and welcome speech was delivered by Mrs. P Lyngkhoi, Science Teacher.
Bah Jim is still in good health.
Other reports said there was a strong suspicion that the Ukrainian plane, which crashed, was shot down by Iranian missiles.
The CEM of KHADC has ordered the Sordar of Wahkhen, Bah Skhembor Khongjirem to appear before SR Sen for violating the law. The High Court on November 10, 2014 banned Rangbah Shnongs or Sordars from issuing certificates or NOCs to residents. On 18th June, he admitted that he continues to issue village certificates to the residents who need them in banks, who have applied for various government schemes and have benefited.
The Meghalaya Integrated Transport Project (MITP) has allocated Rs 83.38 crore for the construction of the Mawhati Road, which is also one of the most criticized roads in the state. The World Bank project will start from Umsning to Sonidan for the first time.
These 175 Chairman are from the political parties that form the MDA-2 government, namely the NPP, UDP, HSPDP, BJP and Independent. Vice Chairman.
We are against the railway because it will endanger our small community,” said Shemphang Lyngdoh.
Alia Bhatt has won the Best Actress award for Gangubai Kathia Wadi and Rajkummar Rao has won the Best Actor award for Badhaai Do.
This suggestion of Bah BM Lanong Senior Working President was accepted by the Government and all those present at the meeting.
“The NLCN has been established in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
This meeting will be held in Sohsaw or ïew die lang.
“It depends on the base of the leadership of those parties.
There have been 349 new cases, down from 1,693 a day ago.
Nongpoh: At the end of the U-16 Open Invitation Football Tournament 2019, Rongdop Sports Club has won the title of the U-16 Open Invitation Football Tournament , after beating Umdihar SC 3-2 goals in the tie breaker.
Speaking to Rupang, the driver of the truck said that the incident started from the Parking Lot Anjalee when a Sumo (ML 05 H 6211) used by the police followed the truck of Anjalee. u and suddenly the sumo blocked the road when it reached Them Iewmawlong and at that time a policeman tied with a stick the doors of the truck, and took him outside and there they They tied him up with the driver of the truck.
After a thorough investigation, the two men revealed the truth and said that the killing of these children was by shock until they died for fear of leaving. tell me everything that happened.
Varane said Erik ten Hag's side, which played well last season, can beat any team in the world.
Jowai, November 28 : The Minister of State for Urban Affairs, Sniawbhalang Dhar today laid the foundation stone of the office of the Seiñ Kynthai Dorbar. Khliehtyrshi Village is located in Thadlaskeiñ C&RD Block.
Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat, President SKYM, said that the construction of the In-situ Nala will help prevent about 80% of the waste from flowing into the Myntdu River. The Jowai Municipal Board in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnongs will be a blessing to the village of Jowai.
According to our nation, the place is the identifier between us and other nations, and at the same time the people of that nation who identify that place or our country.
The Word of God is not in them, they walk in darkness in that religion which is taught from generation to generation according to their ancestors.
TUR supports and demands together with the teachers that the Government should provide a living wage that can fully support their lives and families.
The theme of the day was “Sustainable Development: The Promise of Modern Age”.
Doctors from CHCs, PHCs and others were present.
He will receive training on state-of-the-art technologies such as 3D printing, 3D design, prototype production, 3D scanning and others.
During the inspection, the Minister also visited all the areas that were damaged on that day which have been repaired immediately after the incident.
But we have to remind ourselves that we also won’t be able to walk away from the responsibility we also have.
