She also recalled that under the tenure of Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma, a decision was passed to urge through the Ïingdorbar for the recognition of the Khasi language which is still pending.
We may recall here that while the Judge of the Meghalaya High Court was issuing an order in a case on frequent power outages, there was a temporary power outage in the The judge said that it may be a sign that the state government will have to give a full answer to the electricity shortage.
When the farmers gathered in Delhi, the Indian government called for talks with them before November 3, but stipulated that they should move to the Burari square and not close the door. street faithful.
R.Songthiang, Edaka Warrior, Alfinia Warrier, Daka-i- Paka Lyngdoh, Cecilia Dkhar, Ryndong Research.
How much more so if we turn to Europe and America which have developed rapidly in all aspects.
We have seen women in urban areas taking part in the election of village office bearers in the Dorbar Shnong,” said Bah Shylla.
Such is the mentality of our fellow countrymen, which I can call a mentality that has been enslaved by the magic of foreigners.
Enacted- Enactment Any bill proposed in the Legislative Assembly must be enacted separately before it can become a full law that can be implemented in the society of the State.
T.Tongper, Director Club Service, Rtn.
They want to diversify the intention of the people towards development so that the people and civil society leaders will forget about the issues of increasing the price of petrol and tax time.
Various other programs were also held on the occasion with the participation of the residents of the border villages of Meghalaya and Assam.
Speaking to reporters, Member of the Petroleum Dealers Association, Meghalaya (PDAM), Bah Kennedy C. Khryiem said, “The underground tanks have been in existence for many years.
Tura: U Conrad K Sangma, President of the National People's Party (NPP), today slammed Mukul Sangma for his silence during his tenure as Chief Minister of the state. The people of the State have been severely affected by the coal ban.
Kur differences exist not only between one kur, we find many examples of differences between one kur and another kur or between one kur and other kurs.
“The President of the party said that when they gave tickets to all the candidates in the constituencies, they had already set Sohiong as one of the constituencies where the party would win.
Speaking to reporters, Khuba said that the states of the North East have been severely neglected and it was only after Narendra Modi became the Prime Minister of the country that the country has a lot of opportunities. Special focus to promote development projects in the North Eastern States including Meghalaya.
Shillong: The Governor of Meghalaya today announced the election of Bah HS Shylla as the CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The election for the Chairman will be held on the 24th of this month.
The Deputy Commissioner of SWKHD said that as of now, the tank is on the ground, because it has been placed properly and there will be no damage.
The program was opened with the reading of the Pledge led by Additional Deputy Commissioner DD Syngai, MA Challam, Extra Assistant Commissioner, Jowai, in the presence of Dr.P.Shylla, Incharge Jowai Civil Hospital Blood Centre. As part of the day, a blood donation ceremony was held at the Jowai Civil Hospital Blood Centre.
There have been 5,249 new cases, bringing the total number of cases to 69,176 from 63,927 on Tuesday.
Shillong, Nailar 9: The Mawphlang Dam, which supplies water to Shillong and surrounding villages, will be in danger due to the illegal mining of shyiap from Umtyngar area.
He said talks with any group would be within the framework of the Constitution.
The Maram call the Coronavirus the Lyngngam, the Lyngngam the Lyngngam and the War the War.
However, this long struggle, which is not the first time, has ended in Nyngkong.
In the midst of thee, O Mother of Nature, I will break my sorrows;
Shillong: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA of North Shillong Constituency, today expressed his gratitude to the Meghalaya High Court for accepting his apology and for ending the case which has been going on for seven years. now.
However, at the same time, the Federation of Riwar Mihngi Local Dorbar (FORMLD) expresses its deep sorrow and requests the Government authorities to look into the implementation of the construction of the Pyrdiwah Road and Bridge, which is under Raid Mukertila. , Hima Khyrim which is also a village on the border with Bangladesh, as it is also a bridge and road that will be a source of protection for Meghalaya and India as a whole.
However, if it continues to go wrong, other measures will have to be considered against the NTA, and the state government should no longer listen and will have to fight.
“I put forward the poor not only of Mawlai but of the state as a whole.
The Seng urges that these demands should be addressed immediately so that such incidents will not happen again.
So we are in the last generation, and we are that generation to see these things written in the Word of God, and we are also in the last generation before Jesus reigns. 1000 years here on earth.
This was announced by the Minister of Foreign Affairs of India Dr.S Jaishankar who said that through Operation Ajay, the 212 Indians who arrived by plane in New Delhi have been repatriated. Delhi.
Kurbah will take over the post of DC of EKH from SC Sadhu who has been promoted as Director of Community and Rural Development.
ARPA has 17 MDCs including 7 MDCs from HSPDP, 6 MDCs from UDP and 4 MDCs from KHNAM while KHUDA has 12 MDCs from Congress, 1 NCP and 1 independent MDC.
In addition, there has been an increase in the use of drugs and other intoxicants and it is three times higher than in the country as a whole.
The UDP General Secretary's remarks came after the people said that the UDP has joined hands to form a government with the NPP.
While they were waiting for the resolution, these brothers and sisters were able to take care of their homes.
Most importantly, proper training should be provided to the youth and children to make them aware of drugs and how to avoid them.
The following are some of the foods you can eat to maintain weight and control blood sugar levels: Sohkhia : This vegetable which does not contain any starch is a popular food among those people with diabetes. .
The NPP has also announced the names of 58 candidates for the upcoming elections.
Whether it is right for him to eat those kinds of meat.
Mamata Banerjee's TMC in West Bengal has also been derecognized as a national party because it has not won in four or more states in India. the previous years.
He said that he and the family of Bah (L) Rowell Lyngdoh, former MLA of Mawkyrwat, although he has passed away, as a family, they will not hesitate to follow him. Bah (L) Rowell Lyngdoh has brought about many development projects in the district, and now we have Bah Sounder Cajee who will contest the MLA election 2023 from now on. Mawkyrwat TMC constituency and confident that Bah Sounder Cajee will reach the goal of winning this election. He said that he will continue to work like Bah Rowell Lyngdoh. for the people of the entire constituency.
Job Chapter 4
This was announced by the Rangbah Shnong of Syntung, Bah Robat Pale.
The incident shocked everyone at the Baniun Presbyterian Church.
They said that according to the newspapers, the Director of Health Service (DHS) Bah E.Dkhar has not received the order he received from the CM and they have not seen them. The rules and regulations of the Entrance Exam.
The death toll in the country has risen to 149 and 1,403 people have been injured in the bloodshed.
“It is impossible for this to happen, when you become poorer to eliminate the special job, you become poorer and poorer,” he said.
The MDC said that the people of these villages including Khanduli, Lapangap, Mookoiram and Artiang Sanphaw have been tortured by the people of Assam even though they have sufficient documents to prove that the land is owned by the people of Assam. They are still within the state of Meghalaya through the recognition of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
However, the sad thing is that since that day, there has been no more discussion/meeting and we have seen that he has announced through the media, that he will step down from the post of President and he has invited us to come to meeting at his residence on June 17,
MEPA has demanded that the Finance Minister of India should withdraw the proposal to charge 10 percent custom duty.
He said that the construction of the Medical College in Tura is in progress.
The meeting was held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong in the presence of Minister of Health and Family Welfare Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh and Minister of PHE Marcuise N Marak.
He also met with the Khasi-Pnars living in the area.
He said that when he formed a new party, he despised others by claiming that only his party is sufficient and others are unnecessary.
“How many crores have been spent by the AITMC of Pynursla Block for the development and promotion of sports in various disciplines?” he asked. “How many crores have been allocated through Khelo India through the Ministry of Sports of the Union Government, and whether these officers can indicate how much has been received and how it has been implemented. The party said that the MDA government has already introduced the State Sports Policy. These shortcomings are not only in Shillong but also in different districts.
In the past, people used to cook ja with phandieng, wood, pomtlai, cut dung to make powder and then cook ja.
There are 3 highway bridges 3 to 4 km from Lad NEIGHRIMS to Dwarksuid.
“If the Prime Minister does not call for talks on or before 5th November, 2022, the union will not hesitate to hold a strike,” said the FPWD leader. Starwin Kharjana said that the issues that the Federation wants to convey to the leadership of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government are about the people with disabilities who have applied for the Chief Minister's post. Social Assistance (CMSA) since 2020 from the Child Development Project Officer (CDPO) but they have not received it for two years.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare promised to follow up on the problems faced by the filmmakers especially the lack of cinemas to screen their films.
The District Council which we used to say is the protector of our customs and traditions since the time of Bah Joy until now is a myth.
Many of the youths are still reluctant to do lower jobs because they feel that the rank they have studied is no longer suitable for small jobs.
He is the son of L. Fidelis Iangrai and Therina Malngiang.
Shillong, July 13: A 180cc Pulsar motorcycle (ML05-L-3303) was stolen from Balaji Enterprise, Garikhana, Shillong on the 10th of this month. , resident of Lumdiengjri, Shillong and Lumdiengjri Police Station have registered a case C/No.05(01)2016 U/S 379 IPC. The motorcycle was recovered from a factory in Polo, Shillong.
Expressing concern that the spread of false news could lead to ethnic tensions in the State.
However, when we compare the marriage ceremony of human beings with this ceremony of bsein, it differs from hill to hill.
“The government has just fulfilled its duty, we feel that MLAs should no longer hold the post of MDC and the bill has been approved by the Governor,” said Dr. Mukul Sangma.
It has been a long and arduous journey.
The UDP has already decided to nominate its own candidate from the Shillong seat and has also sought the support of other ethnic parties in the state. to support the NPP candidate for Tura Parliamentary Seat.
Members of the two Sengbhalang, youths who received the awards and also parents of those who received the awards were also present on the occasion. Women's Hostel of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat.
In general, the inhabitants known as the Bhoi are those who came from Assam.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 04: It is surprising that since the opening of the top-um in 2022 until now, the water supply has not been as allocated to every household but has not been allocated as it has been.
The temptation was like a true temptation because he did not speak of his own mind, but he tempted from what God had forbidden him to do.
Nangbah Mooknor beat Tpepale 2-0
Shillong: The Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSA) on Tuesday expressed its regret over the 48 hour curfew called by the Meghalaya Joint Action Committee (MJACCV) at The entire state will start from 5 pm on the 15th of June as reported in the media.
Sohniamtra Khasi (Khasi Mandarin) produced from Meghalaya was the highlight and praise of many who came to take part in the exhibition of soh and other agricultural products and foodstuffs. ZestFest 2023 was held in Bengaluru from the 14th to the 17th of this month.
“The Meghalaya Government should demand its own cadre so that the Indian Police Services (IPS) officers will be the flesh and blood of the Hynniewtrep people,” he said.
In this regard, the President of the Jaintia People's Youth Movement (JPYM), Samla Tenstarly Shylla, President of the Meghalaya Energy Cooperation (JPYM), said that Limited (MeECL) Jaintia Hills District electrical wires, which are broken and broken, which can cause serious damage and also tragic incident to the people due to their deterioration.
This will make the people of Mawkynrew proud because they have sent an MLA who can speak in the Legislative Assembly.
Jowai, June 19 : Umshangiar SC beat Khliehtyrshi SC by 2 runs in the Open Cricket Tournament 2023 organized by the West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WCCC) in Jowai today. Umshangiar Sports Club won the toss and elected to bat first, scoring 160 runs in 28.3 overs for the loss of all wickets.
He said education is essential for the development of the country, children are the future of the country, it is our responsibility to protect and develop the children.
He said there was no major damage except for the petrol truck parked there and the petrol tanks.
A statement from the CM's office said that the meeting went smoothly and lasted for three hours.
He said that the arrival of the NREGS scheme in Mawlai villages is a blessing.
“This promise of the Prime Minister at the meeting did not match his message to the Forum to declare the Sohra Civil Sub-Division as a district.
This is the greatest danger that our country and nation may disappear.
Health experts have acknowledged that drinking a glass of milk mixed with a little shynrai is beneficial for good sleep.
On the other hand, the MLA also handed over computers for the needs of the school.
However, no decisions were made in the meetings of the Presbyterian Church for the construction of the Hospital in Shillong.
She said that as a Minister she has discussed with the Chief Minister that the payment of ASHAs should be done as much as possible. ASHAs work every day as they have stated, perhaps they do jobs that they should not do, because there are jobs that ANMs and MLHPs do too.
There is also a Pynsing market in Jatah village under the Khyrim Hima.
iii) The giving of motherhood is a custom and tradition established by man and created by man.
To such ones, Jesus promises to help them carry those burdens on his shoulders.
Leung also expressed his gratitude to those who have awarded him the Golden Lions For Lifetime Achievement Award and hopes that this award will also go to those directors with whom he has worked over the years. went with the ones that made him what he is today.
We will work together to fight against drugs especially to fight against drug trafficking from the sources,” said the Secretary of the Shiphew Dorbar, Bah Meban Lyngdoh who is also the Rangbah Shnong of Sunny Hill.
Meira was accompanied by CP Joshi, General Secretary in charge of Meghalaya, Pawan Bansal, former UPA Minister, Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, MPCC President DD Lapang and other MLAs. to Congress.
Therefore, to protect our Jaidbynriew and State, it is only the responsibility of each and every one of us to do anything by reducing overwork or injustice to our employers. Otherwise, we will not reach anywhere but we will fail while fighting to protect the society of the Jaidbynriew and the state.
Mookyrdup scored two more goals through Dennis Passah in the 39th minute and Nidaiar Kamar in the 68th minute to secure the victory.
One is the issuance of zero balance sheet to the company which will take over and the money will remain with the state government, but these companies will receive nothing from the SBD. There will be no more benefits for the government or the people of the state, but only for the companies.
In this regard, what is needed now is to pray for the entire Khasi nation that God will take care of it so that it will not disappear from the face of the earth, even if it is only a small nation, we believe in the Word. God said, “BE FRUITFUL, BE FRUITFUL, FILL THE EARTH, AND BE SUBJECT OF IT.Genesis 1:2
Not only that, at the same time, the need for knowledge is very high and that is to read the signs in the middle of the road such as “no entry”, “no parking” and others. others and then the checking of vehicle number plates and when transporting goods, it is necessary to sign between the carrier and the supplier and many other requirements and if so, it is necessary for the driver of the vehicle. It is therefore up to the Government of India not to abolish this degree, but to extend it, according to the permission of one person to another.
Replying to the allegation by the MDA Ministers that the VPP has not given their opinion on its demand to review the Reservation Policy, Bah Ardent said, “There are Ministers of the MDA government who are The government spokespersons also alleged that we have not given our opinion on our demand to change the Reservation Policy but we have brought only the desire to review but now I want to make it clear that from the first day we “The Reservation Policy should be amended according to the availability and an Expert Committee should be appointed to look into this and this is the suggestion on how to amend it,” he said.
Through the opening ceremony of the Sawkmie Hotel, the Syiem of Marwet, said that the example shown by the Longkmie should be commended. However, in a place where border disputes between Meghalaya and Assam often occur, the Longkmie has built a big hotel. He said that the work done by the Longkmie will be also the strengthening of the border of the state.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah HM Shangpliang said that it is one of the development projects and measures taken for the development of youth and farmers in the State by the MDA Government led by the NPP, which encouraged him to join the party.
Some of the issues that the BJP has put forward are to ensure that the allocation of funds allocated by the central government to the district councils should reach the district councils. This is because although the Central Government has released the funds to the District Councils in the State, the State Government has not released them.
After the incident, the man was unconscious.
“The people now don't listen to the needs or issues of the jaidbynriew.
Prestone said the Government has done its utmost to create job opportunities for the youth of the state so that they do not turn to bad jobs just because of unemployment. He said that the youth should not expect only government jobs but there are many opportunities that the government has created.
Choudhary today met Chief Minister Nitish Kumar and handed over his resignation letter and his resignation letter was approved by the Governor.
He said that the struggle to restore the border of Khasi Jaintia as it has been since ancient times is the foundation of the Party since its inception. the borders of the Khasi and Jaintia Hills within the Hynniewtrep Hills.
He said that the union urges the authorities to do something for the area and especially the Sub-Divisional Engineer of BSNL. He said that he should first install and maintain a mobile tower at Kyrdum village.
The Seng is full of anger when this happens to the students, especially now it is time for them to write the Pre-Selection and Selection and also to prepare for other examinations.
and there shall be a rude speech against women from strangers.
At this time, many foreign shops in Kyndai Lad, Umsohsun have closed down and some have opened only half the shutter to prevent any incident.
War denied that there will be any meeting with the DC of East Khasi Hills tomorrow, as he said that they want to have a Dorbar Shnong before they leave. talk to the Government.
The makers of James Bond have refused to bring Skyfall to India despite the Indian government's approval after the Union Minister of India imposed a rule on the makers and producers. This film should not have been shot while the train was running.
The government has to take responsibility and pay the compensation for the poor condition of the roads constructed by the PWD departments.
The Maitshaphrang MMA and Fitness Team was established through the Sports Committee of KSU Nongthymmai Circle and the opening ceremony of the MMA and Fitness Team is part of the efforts to encourage and encourage the youth in the field of sports. Alcohol abuse is the most common cause of drug abuse in society.
When asked about the issues he has put forward as a candidate for the MP election, Bah Challam said that the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency which includes 36 constituencies, 7 districts and more than 40 constituencies. that block; Therefore, what is needed is to have a strong leader who will carry the voice especially of the ethnic minorities in Parliament.
At this rally, Bah Ardent M.Basaïawmoit, President of the Party and MLA will deliver a speech of thanks to the people of the state who have supported the party. He is the composer and singer of the song, “Kongdeng Kongnah in Prah”.
Isaiah 46:9.
Many people from Pynursla, Mawkynrew, Umsning, Mairang, Khliehriat, Jowai and many others who visited Agnes were Process Sawkmie, MDC & MLA, Latiplang Kharkongor. , MDC, EM, KHADC, Shri. Donovan K Wahlang, MDC, KHADC, Shri.BR Rana, ADG, IPS, Meghalaya Police, Kong SN War, President, Seng Kynthei Mawkhar Welfare Organization, Joplin Shylla, President, MMPCC, Rev. BR Sohkhia, Fr Richard M Majaw, Edastar L Nongbri, ex-MDC, Mr. P Mylliemngap, President, Seng Samla Smit Pyllun, Shri. J Khyriemmujat, Hospital, Nongmadan Smit, Bah Harlinjai Skhemlon, Sirdar Hima Mawdon, Dr.S Syiem, Shri.Ajay Gupta, Smt.
Earlier, it was reported that in the first phase of testing, out of 40 fish tested, 32 fish were found to contain formalin.
The Citizen Forum today announced that it has decided to nominate Bah Paul as a candidate for the Rajya Sabha.
However, Ma OR Shallam, President of the Sein Raij Jowai, told Rupang, “He wants to come and see Behdeinkhlam.
Ah, the poor and needy people will have to sell their cattle and pigs for sacrifice.
They also alleged that it is not only the pollution of the toilets but the decline of the school as a whole since Kong Aïomksiar Diengdoh took over as the Principal of the school.
Therefore, on behalf of the Dorbar Shnong, we strongly condemn those who have been involved in publishing news just for the sake of defaming our village. government since the beginning of the curfew until now.
Sd/-,.
“They also discussed in detail how to find ways to protect the indigenous people in Tamil Nadu and Meghalaya as well as to improve their education and income,” he said.
"It's very suitable for Janhvi Kapoor as Tina," said Karan at a meeting with film lovers at the Indian Film Festival of Melbourne, which ended on 17th July
The explanations of the words in the present edition are that the words that are created include Bsut (enshrine) which is a special word that is bsut in any part; Citizens are the citizens of the country; Prescribe is the prescription of experts according to their explanation of a part according to their expertise in their field; Multi-phase is a step-to-night phase or it can be a monthly, monthly or yearly phase according to the requirements of the Khasi language. in the name of forty beasts, forty creatures, forty colors, and so on, it means that it is not exactly forty times or forty times but billien or billien.
“According to the document issued to Bah Bashemphang Thabah, the District Council has ordered him to submit an annual report but he has not provided it.
The NPP candidate from Laitumkhrah-Malki, who also contested from the UDP in 2014, Anthony Nongbri, said that the Hima which has its own laws will be exempt from the VAB. At the same time, the senior journalist said that he wants to revive the Village Administration Bill (VAB) which has been suspended so that the Rangbah Shnongs can have the power as usual.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Public Accounts Committee of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today set up a special committee to investigate the payment of land fees worth billions of rupees to illegal persons. The committee shall be headed by the Chief Secretary of the State.
Phagu was sworn in by Justice Wanlura Diengdoh of the Meghalaya High Court.
The rural states in the eastern regions are rich in natural resources but as it is now, they are overwhelmed by poverty in the midst of abundant resources.
Nongpoh: The Umroi Health & Wellness Centre, Umroi Village, today inaugurated its Labor Room & Maternity Ward. .
The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma, today 12th July 2024, today said that the Central Government through the Department of Tribal Affairs has already released the Scholarship for the youth. and next month the Government will release this amount.
The Karda family every year takes part in this festival where the members of this family also wear beautiful costumes which attract many people.
They are ready to help foreigners or locals in times of need.
Benzema, who won the Ballon d'Or last season, has moved to Saudi Arabia.
The road from Sacred Heart Secondary, Lumparing to Dongsiej was named Sacred Heart and the road from Sigzag was named Ardhendu Chaudhuri (Bablu Da).
When asked about the method he used to prepare the book, he said that he did not use any other method, but he prepared as usual. he works harder and spends many hours preparing books.
Although he said that human rights violations by soldiers and private personnel do not fall under the jurisdiction of the Commission, he said that anyone who has been subjected to human rights violations by government employees can complain to the Commission. The Commission has written to the court.
The result of all these protests is that the number of khyllahjait/mynder is increasing, because the indigenous people invite them to their bedrooms, while the young men are invited to the streets. 34 years now! The sound of the cry is still the same, as if the Dkhars were crying 'dawai thyllah, dawai skaiñ, dawai khnai' in the market.
This is one of the key activities initiated within the Mission, where open systems, projects and initiatives are recognized through the award for a positive, open approach to others to receive education and also to disseminate best practices.
If the udp is in power, all the people will go to the udp now what will it do for the nation?
“Therefore, we cannot just collect all the comments and send them to the government but we need the political parties to come up with legal documents on the parts they want to amend, remove or insert new in the policy.
In the match which was played at the Tejas Football Ground, both the teams tried to play hard, but only in the 7th minute Saiden scored the first goal through Eiladki.
Shillong: Sumo vehicles from Ribhoi area who were trying to enter Shillong today were turned away by the police patrolling the Viewpoint at Mawiongrim.
“There are still shortcomings in 108 land, we are on the way to complete them,” he said.
And the scribes and Pharisees brought her to him, saying, Master, we have caught this woman;
He said that after the implementation of this Act, other states in the East and the world will follow the example of Meghalaya.
The statement also said that the announcement by the CEO of SMS to hold a public meeting on 24th and 25th November 2015 at Soso Tham Auditorium is only to encourage the public to hide their grievances and do wrong. suidniew to the problems that do not exist that the people face.
The Publicity Secretary of the KSU said that the KSU had held a rally on the 15th of this month and there was also the Mool Pravah Akhil Bharat Nepali Ekta Samaj who wanted to protest, but because their residence was illegal. The KSU has sent them to leave the place where they came from.
Dawanroy Nongpluh took two wickets in four overs.
According to the leaders of the All Tiwah Student Union, the villages in the area, which include Amphreng, Amdubighat, Amjong and others, which are the border villages of Meghalaya, have in the south of Assam.
The Archery Association of Meghalaya (AAM) on Saturday held a selection program at the SAI Training Centre, Shillong with the participation of 31 children from all districts of the state.
Immediately after the incident, police chiefs and district chiefs from the Deputy Commissioner, SP, Addl.SP and Dy.SP and other Magistrates arrived at Jowai Police Station to fulfill the requirements according to the law.
Shillong, June 27: The Minister of State and MLA, Deborah Marak, on Tuesday said that Rophul Marak's decision to contest the mid-term MP election is a struggle against the Congress which he has supported. government because he is a member of the Congress.
(2) They sent jakoit to all the rivers and streams and filled the houses of all the people.
The final of the tournament was held at Umkor-Urksew Wahpathaw Stadium in Pynursla.
Let us examine and see, let us examine and strive to bring to ourselves, whether we have been in that holy life.
My conclusion, as a witness to this Lyngdoh dance, is that I am very pleased that the Raid Shabong or the daughter of the Lai girl, still holds on to her own religion and customs and traditions.
The number of cases has increased, but it is not a contagious disease which means that it does not spread from one person to another like COVID-1
The State's failure to protect the rights shows that democracy is in danger,” said VPP spokesperson Dr. Batskhem Myrboh in a statement.
The government's statement also states that only engineers and architects who have a PhD from universities with experience can be granted permission. 10 years.
He lynniar clang and turned the altar upside down.
“When the British Government wanted to leave the Khasi Hills, it asked what you wanted us to do. The answer of the ancestors at that time was, “Leave us as you found us”. , said Mr. Adelbert.
It is to be recalled that the incident started after a female student was insulted by her fellow Bengalis, but the student was helped by students from other states in the Eastern Region. the east.
He said that in these days since the announcement of the election date, T.2.5 lakh cash, 125 rounds of ammunition and other dangerous explosives have been seized.
He also rejected the bail applications of Vaibhav Jain and Ankush Jain.
JOWAI: The JSU and the HYC Jaintia Hills District have found and witnessed the scientific plan of the JHADC on the intention of the Executive Committee under the leadership of MB Rymbai CEM, JHADC to appoint jobs. in many posts within the JHADC without any public announcement.
In the Meghalaya-Assam-Bangladesh border areas like Umkiang, Umkiang Pahar, Ratacherra and Huroi, cold weather fell and did not last long on Sunday afternoon.
On the other hand, Aicifull K. Musliman said, “It is up to the people what they decide as their supporters, because it is not her decision but until now it has been decided. don't belong to the TMC".
Such a spirit exists in many of the rich and prominent men in the churches these days.
He said that the task of the Regional Committees is to carry out their duties by holding many meetings and consultations as the previous Regional Committees have done.
The songs have touched the souls of people for many generations, and this is one of the reasons for the strong work of Seagram's Royal Stag.
They are no longer considered religious groups in India.
She said that according to the rules, those villages within 10km of the zero line fall under the border area.
However, the expectations of the people have turned upside down as two MLAs of the HSPDP have turned away and disappeared without informing or respecting even the leaders of the HSPDP party. Besides, they have been deceived and deceived by forty kinds of foreign parties like Assam and Delhi for their own benefit.
Therefore, this has made it impossible for the union to listen to foreigners who come to trade and earn money here and destroy the livelihoods and jobs of the fellow citizens.
“I didn't have the opportunity to meet my father on Saturday at RIMS. I tried to talk to him, but the Superintendent didn't answer my phone.
Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai in collaboration with SWAYAM MOOCs NEHU, Shillong has organized a one day workshop on the topic of “Implementation of SWAYAM Courses” at the program held on the 23rd of this month. the Multipurpose Hall of the College.
Shillong, November 13: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Party (MPCC) will send its report to the ARPA next month. The All India Congress Committee (MPCC) has alleged that the Minister of State for Social Welfare and the Working President of the MPCC, Deborah Marak, has used the GNLA to win the MLA elections. shen in 2013.
You are a dear leader.
The decision came a few days after the Supreme Court suspended the two-year jail sentence of the Surat High Court. Rahul Gandhi has been accused of insulting the Modi family.
Students from Amlarem Secondary School, Manghah-I Higher Secondary School and Upper Primary School Amtapoh, took part in the rally to raise awareness on the issue of Swachh. Bharat Awareness Campaign held in this village.
Today's decline is unprecedented in the history of India, the report said.
The market will benefit about 200 villages in the area including Sohiong, Nongspung, Nongkhlaw, Mylliem and Mawphlang.
“We know that the money from the drug trade is huge and we understand that there are people involved in such crimes who want to turn us away from this path of the fight against drugs. .
On the incident, the Secretary of the Hima Marbisu said that after the Hima went to complain, the company promised to pay the compensation to repair the damaged houses. Only two houses have been completed, while the others have yet to be inspected.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Guest recalled that Teacher's Day is celebrated on the 5th of November every year, as it is the birthday of (L) Dr S.Radhakrishnan, who was the teacher of Teacher's Day. a great scholar and teacher who has dedicated himself to the development of education in the country as a whole.
Also present on the occasion were Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, Syiem of Mylliem Hima as the chief guest, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, President of HANM as the guest of honour, Bah Kyrshan Rapsang, President HANM Mawlai Circle, and others. The office bearers of the organization together with the support of the public to support the players.
Speaking after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongal Sangma, said that this increase was after careful consideration that Meghalaya has the lowest price of diesel. and differs by about 6 tyngka from the price in Guwahati.
While the nation still holds the spirit of tipbriew tipblei, the erpyngngad will continue to flee from the face of the Thawlang of Iawbei.
Rupang has been able to talk to Bah Antonio War, EM of KHADC, who has not yet received his ticket. shym was named.
With this victory, Nongmensong-A, Mawpat Circle-3, Golflink-A and Mawpat Circle-2 have scored three points in the tournament. AL Hek 25th Silver Jubilee Football Tournament 2022.
In 2006, the Salini Colony Village Church was established.
In SSLC, 93 students were awarded, 61 students in HSSLC Arts and 53 students in HSSLC Science.
The CAG report was submitted to the Assembly by the Chief Minister on Tuesday.
He said that about two or three vehicles were damaged, mostly two-wheeled Scooty and a Gypsy of the army.
Therefore, he urged the people to fight to rebuild this department by paying exactly on time for what they have already used and he expects that soon the state will be full. will be self-sufficient in the production of electricity and will be able to be sold to others in need.
Regarding this issue, Bah D. Rapsang, Deputy Director Incharge, Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan Nongstoiñ, said, “We express our gratitude to the villagers of Mawrusyiar, who have reached this stage. thong to receive this award.
The Bihar government has sent a team of four senior officials to Tamil Nadu to work with police officials who have conducted an investigation into the incident.
Due to this deterioration of these vehicles, the Police have allowed only LMVs to travel and No Entry has been imposed on Heavy Vehicles (HMVs) from Mawryngkneng to Jowai.
Speaking on the occasion, SM Sahai, Principal Chief Conservator of Forests, said that it is the duty of every citizen to preserve the forests and living things.
“Look at the UDP, HSPDP, PDF who have promised to sign the MoU because many of the citizens of the state are not happy while the NPP believes that this is enough and how will these parties do? ," he questioned.
In South Garo Hills, there is one high risk case, in East Jaintia Hills and one high risk case.
The objective of this initiative is to make children fully prepared by providing them with the necessary support throughout their childhood: from birth to the age of five. of age.
Regarding these writings of Dr.
Earlier, speeches were delivered by the Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah AL Hek, Chief Secretary, MS Rao and traditional dance and song.
Through a letter signed by the President of JYF-EJHD, Bah J. Pala and General Secretary, Bah B. Chyrmang, the JYF-EJHD has expressed its concern over the lack of road safety. especially in those areas which are in the market areas and in the areas where there are schools, because it is very dangerous because they are crowded places.
Almost every day, we hear the word “corruption” and this has existed all over the world, since ancient times.
A part of the land was shown, which had turned shrah and the ground was covered with snow, from the movement of the cows.
Yes, we do need to learn many languages.
At the same time, Bah Pala said that politicians should not have anything to do with the insurgents as this is harmful to the country and the state.
The Superintendent of Police, EJHD, said that the incident occurred after the police under the leadership of Dy.Superintendent of Police (HQ), J Myrom, MPS arrested A Sumo (MZ01 P 2566) was hit by a truck on National Highway 6 in Umtyra.
about the income of the day laborers through various schemes such as Scholarship for students as well as Pension for the disabled.
One is in relation to the Land Transfer Act, which states that non-Khasis cannot buy land. but I cannot inherit it.
Therefore, I call upon the political parties, village authorities and hima authorities to cooperate so that the government can bring about development,” said Prestone.
Once the phase-2 STAR talent identification program is completed, Ian Campbell, Olympian and his team will submit a detailed report on the results which will be sent back to the Meghalaya State Olympic Association and the Olympian. Sports and Youth Affairs Department, State Government and it is expected that more and more young men and women will emerge who will have the ability to meet the benchmarks at the international level.
The fish sanctuary is maintained and managed by the Laitkseh Area Fish Farmers Association.
Portugal beat Morocco 1-0 in the quarter-finals on Saturday.
Its performance is mainly in the areas of Sylhet and Mulvi Bazar and it is its performance that has promoted it to this position.
Earlier, Ampareen Lyngdoh of the Congress, while presenting the debate on the Meghalaya Bill, demanded that the Bill should be stopped before being passed immediately. The state has yet to apply for the ILP from the Central Government or should be sent to the Select Committee.
Since the implementation of the POSCO Act 2012, there have been 2566 cases of which 1984 are pending in various courts. of Districts.
The SP said that Bah Shelmikstun Nongphud is 5 feet 4 inches tall, light-skinned and at the time of his disappearance, he was wearing a white T-Shirt. , a half jacket, a blue shirt and slippers.
The Lok Adalat was held not only in the District Council Court but also in the High Court, Sub-Divisional Court, bank cases were held at the office of the Deputy Commissioner.
Earlier, Mohammed Afsal Pulikkalath won the silver medal in the men's 800m final.
All of them are from Shangpung village, while Kynsaibor Wahlang from Mawkyrwat won the bronze medal.
The commemoration of U Tirot Singh is held once a year, but on such a day, it seems that there are song competitions, shooting competitions, football matches and others. .
If we take a new history of the Jaidbynriew from the imprisonment of Paiem Tirot Singh in 1833 to 2011, it shows that we have passed through 178 years.
The Chief Minister said that in the past, when the homework could not be completed, there was an understanding that the creation of the district would be to bring these places together.
The Meghalaya Farmers Day was also approved by the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma at the 2nd Meghalaya Farmers Parliament held at Tura on the 9th of this month. November, 2019 so this day is not only announced by the HFU, but also approved by the State Government.
You may have heard them say that you don't need water.
take me, I am yours....
" said Maheh.
Shillong, Nailur 07: A day after the teachers of Pine Mount School, Shillong, protested by carrying flags to demand that the government should remove the Principal of the school, Kong Aïomksiar, for her inability to teach. to work according to the demands of the job which has caused the students to become sohpdung.
Drivers have been advised to wear double masks or N-95 and this also applies to those traveling in private vehicles.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Jason S Mawlong, MLA, expressed his gratitude to the public for the opening of a new classroom according to the needs of the school. He said that it is not easy to run the school and it is clear that the management is facing many difficulties in running the school. He urged the students to be respectful of their teachers and fearful of their parents. thop this reading.
The deployment will start immediately and end within 24 hours.
“I am still the leader of a group of high level personnel in the police department who want to kill me,” he said, adding that even if his body is arrested, his soul is free.
The extraction was suspended after 75 days (November 13, 2018 – October 2, 2019), the longest extraction attempt in India, and perhaps the most expensive.
“Of course there has been talk of removing James Sangma from the post of Minister of Home Affairs or appointing new ministers, but to say to dissolve the MDA government is not true,” he said. added.
“The registration of the village in Eastern West Khasi Hills District is only for the EPIC. office works and other works,” said the Dorbar Shnong in the petition.
The Union said that the complaint filed on 14th March was not filed by the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, but by the Director of NEHU Tura Campus, Prof Sujata Gurudev.
"The peace and order situation in Garo Hills is unrecognizable anymore, so we have decided to become one of the parts of the peace talks for the benefit of the people," said Marak in a statement. .
The President of Mawshynrut Youth Movements, Samla Shemborlang Rynniaw, said that the word Khasi and Jaintia State will lead to the division of the people.
In the past 12 months it has been the best journey for the team.
Be not wise in the darkness, but wise in the light.
The suspects were identified as Lang Sungoh from Mowtyrchiah village.
This has increased over the years.
We sympathize with the American people who stood up against their government when the USA invaded Vietnam in the 20th century.
“This month is important and every month we will celebrate with the youth in sports, entrepreneurs, musicians and all the activities we have every month related to the youth”.
The All Jaintia Cricket Association (AJCA) will hold the U-14 & U-19 T20 Cricket Tournament 2021 in February
The sudden failure of the PHE department to distribute water without giving public notices has caused the residents to become angry and angry who have already installed their own water tanks or water supply equipment in the area. that corporate government ri.
The District Magistrate's order has banned any public from entering the area and those living in the area have also banned them from leaving their homes until further notice. elsewhere.
When she left the house, Rida quickly prepared her feet to go to Iewduh to meet her Niakha.
Shillong, Lber 16: The Additional Director General (ADG) of the BSF Eastern Command, Kolkata, Ravi Gandhi on Tuesday visited Meghalaya to inspect the working methods of the BSF patrols. on the border of Meghalaya between India and Bangladesh.
In a petition sent to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, MDC of Rongrong Constituency, Rinaldo K. Sangma said, “On behalf of the residents of Resubelpara and Rongrong, I would like to inform you about the backwardness. of local health.
“So, what do they say...?” asked Bahnah. “They ask about you...” said Deisy. “Do they want me...!” said Bahnah.
In the first innings, Chukam Matsram Shira, who won the title of 'Rang Kynsai' for his ability to play in all formats, tied 26 runs and took 5/8 North Garo Hills have won the match.
Jowai, October 10: Filmmakers from Manipur today came to Syntu Ksiar to shoot the film The Rangbah Zone VII. Syntu Ksiar is a beautiful place that attracts tourists and now attracts filmmakers from the North East.
Shillong: The Cultural Committee, Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar today, 22nd October, 2023 held a ceremony to celebrate the birthday of the villagers. and 10th of June.
The Dorbar Shnong urges the law enforcement authorities to investigate and arrest such people who intend to take the lives of the village leaders. the village and the respect and authority of the village leaders and workers.
When the rule of law has collapsed, many questions have arisen, including what kind of leaders should we elect, who will bring about economic development, who will free the rule of law from corruption? The Christian Churches always pray that God will raise up leaders who will fear Him, who will give righteous rule, but when pastors appear to enter the kingdom, they appear again. Why does the Pastor want to get involved in dirty politics? These are things we have to pay attention to.
all the laws in force in the territory of India immediately before the commencement of this Constitution shall continue in force therein until altered or repealed or amended by a competent legislature or other competent authority.
The areas to be severely affected by heavy rainfall from the 17th to the 20th; They are from East Jaintia Hills, East Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills, West Garo Hills, South Garo Hills, North Garo Hills.
These are just empty promises," he said.
Tynsong said the Task Force Committee has been at the same place and all the Deputy Commissioners have been ordered to start implementing the MRSSA. The Meghalaya High Court has filed a case against Dhar Company for the illegal construction of the National Highway (NH-206), said JAC Chairman Yoodahunki Shylla in a press conference on 4th November .
There is no politics there,” said Bah Basaïawmoit.
When asked about the expenditure for the new district, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “We have already directed the department to look into this and it will be brought to the Budget Session. long in October 2022".
Shillong: The Sub Divisional Officer, Pynursla Civil Sub Division, on Tuesday said that 450 vehicles have been allowed to travel from Pynursla to Dawki in order to control the traffic. These include 60 vehicles from M/S Bankyrshan Kshiar, 20 vehicles from M/S Hanbor Khongtani, 20 vehicles from M/S Edarstar L Nongbri, 20 vehicles from Banteinam L Nongbri. M/S Shimhok L Nongbri, 70 M/S Lamonlang Massar, 70 M/S Milphiya Massar, 20 M/S Edingson Khongnohbeh, 85 M/S JJ Roy Khongmawloh, 50 M/S M/S Khrikshon Lyngkhoi and 20 others.
“Many of those who have exceeded the age limit have been rejected because the government has delayed in appointing them on time and in this way, the government has made them vulnerable because of their age limit. “It's been running while the government hasn't appointed me,” they said.
The excessive comfort of people today puts their lives in danger.
“We are now talking to the remaining members to join us,” he said.
Ethiopia's Getnet Wale and Kenyan Abraham Kibiwot finished second and third respectively, but failed to catch up with El Bakkali in the final match.
It is time for us to unite and sow the seeds of unity to raise our country.
The MLAs of Jaintia Hills District on Friday decided to propose to the government to set up a full Corona Care in West Jaintia Hills District to facilitate the health department to treat people infected with COVID-1 except for the transportation of patients to hospitals in Shillong.
The young woman Delphinia revealed that what motivates her to work within [24]7.
Your beauty is glorious, and your glory is great.
The total number of cases has risen to 7.6 lakh and the death toll has risen to 21,0
P. Pathaw (13), K Sohlang (29) and E Lyngdoh (50, 56, 65) scored the goals for Mawreng.
He said that the police department has already investigated and ensured that there will be peace in the new Legislative Assembly.
The HiTO led by its President, Bah Donbok Dkhar, on July 23 visited the 3rd Secretariat, Nokrek Building to meet with the Director of Program Implementation and Evaluation.
The village has decided to summon all the households whose garbage truck has already collected for further investigation.
It was a very sad incident and the marriage of the two children had to be terminated because the father of the son had died with the mother. of the daughter and they both disappeared, without knowing the reason, but it is understood that they had secretly married, before their children, were to get married.
The last days of Dr Mukul Sangma are near because the people will vote for the party that is responsible,” he said.
Explaining on this, Bah Chyne said, “We did not go there to stop the vendors but we are only against those who do not have a Trading Licence.
Regarding the results of the tournament, the organizers announced that it will be released soon in the presence of the owners of these teams and other owners of other teams, Shyam. Patel for Delhi Warriors, Allu Venkat Reddy for Hyderabad Gliders, Vijay Kumar Bhansali for Gujarat Thunders, and Bijit Gogoi for Assam Heroes.
The final match of this category was between Mawtawar SC and Pohkseh SC at 1:45 pm.
Mamata said that it will not be long before the whole of India will be changed to the name of Narendra Modi.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Banteidor said, “The development of the area is the task ahead after the elections and we have to work together to develop the area.
Therefore, in this initiative of Assam and Meghalaya to resolve the border between these two states, we urge the Assam and Meghalaya government to complete the re-transfer of our Block-1
He said that as KAM as a platform to lead the people, it will turn its eyes to the fulfillment of the evil dreams that they have longed for.
James also expressed his concern about the insults suffered by the members of the ANVC and the dissolved ANVC(B).
Assam has planned to build the dam to generate 2 MW micro electricity at a cost of Rs 13 crore.
The Cabinet discussed the amendments to the Meghalaya Goods and Service Tax Ordinance, 2022 before taking it to the Legislative Assembly.
London: British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has written to his wife, Carrie Symonds, today.
“Our party supports this action of the Ministry of Defence,” he said.
The reception was held at Aurobindo Hall, Shillong.
They sleep during the day and byrngem people if there is no jyntah jingber they sleep during the day.
“The raid was conducted under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) to obtain evidence.
The editor of Dongmusa newspaper, Bah Billy P Domes, said that the Khasi translators of other languages ​​should be able to understand the meaning of the words. .
This God of love meets and deals with Saul.
He said that the agreement, signed on 29 toposheets by the High Powered Tripartite Committee in 1980, will be considered as a matter that should be reviewed between the parties. two states.
The vehicles (AS 01 FC 2657, ML 10 C 1980, AS 01 DD 3575, ML 10 B 2919, ML 10 B 7023, ML 05 H 6423, ML) were seized by the police. 05 K 3465, where all these trucks are 6 shaka trucks.
After finishing top of the Group stage, which started from 23rd November 2022 to 1st July 2023, Meghalaya has qualified for the final match in Odisha. from June 10 to June 20, 2023.
“We have had the intention to elect a new leader but we are still disappointed that this is happening, now we see that the time has not come to wait,” said one of the Congress leaders from Mawlai.
The CoRP, in collaboration with the Directorate of Health Services, Meghalaya Aids Control Society, has joined hands with the Blood Donation Programme. Awareness program or public awareness campaign on the importance of blood donation in these days.
“We have some new players in the squad who have never played before, but they have come with a really eager spirit to play.
The deceased was said to be in his 30s to 40s.
Speaking as the newly elected Chairman, Teinwell said he is pleased that his election was a struggle, not an easy victory.
When the vehicle of these men reached near Rereng Bridge, the police opened fire without warning. The four organizations said that the three men were injured but they did not stop the vehicle and continued on. They were on their way to hospital, but although they were injured, they drove the vehicle to the hospital and the police also rushed them to the hospital.
After talks with these officials, the land owners said that the officers have promised to discuss the demand of the land owners.
Furthermore, it was learned that there were about four people in the area who were cutting down trees and it was at that time that a heavy rain fell and while these four people were still hiding in the area. Suddenly, a strong wind blew and caused a tragic incident at the scene.
The size of the burn is more important than the depth of the infection.
“We will also read the order to help us decide what to do next,” he said.
Shillong, March 30: “When people don't have the spirit of compassion, what can we do?” said Irene P Hujon, Leader of the Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) (I). asked what is your opinion on the non-implementation of the curfew called by the party on Tuesday.
Police have registered a case against them under Sections 120B/121A IPC, Sections 10/13/18 UA(P) Act and Sections 5/6 Explosives. substance act.
At the meeting, the party also discussed the upcoming elections in Meghalaya, Tripura and Nagaland.
He said that in the 10 years of the BJP, the party has ruled exactly for some ethnic groups, some traders in various sectors.
Regarding the Civil Sub Divisions, he said the government is preparing to provide for the separation of the Executive and Judiciary and after that, it will be open to implement them.
Shillong, July 16 : Hynniewtrep FC have won the title by beating Maduh FC 5-2 in the final of the 1st (L) tournament. Memorial Football Tournament Mawlai Open was organized by the Pathaw Kur in collaboration with the Mawlai Dorbar Shnong Kyntonmassar on Saturday 14th July,
The union said that the mining of this mineral will affect the surrounding environment especially the forests, rivers and streams and also that this quarry is only 1.4 km away from the wildlife sanctuary. 0.25 km from the Eco Sensitive Zone and 1.38 km from the Lukha River.
The children of Kmiekha were also called Ñiakha to the children of their bakha because in the Khasi custom of kheiñkur kheiñkha, it is impossible to give back for more than three generations.
In the next match, Myrjai vs Newhill ended without a goal.
He has received training in leadership, human rights and other fields from the country and abroad as well4
The confidence of the Diko to conquer the Lyngngam villages is due to the slogan of the Khasi writers 'U Lyngngam u Diko'
This song was composed by Donbok Tariang and recorded and arranged by Z0I and enhanced by fEd M. by Nick singing.
The deceased were from East Garo Hills and Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The Dorbar Shnong Mawiong, Diengpasoh Road, Khyrim Syiemship, which has 150 households, has decided not to take part in the 'Shad Nongkrem' celebration of the Syiem of Khyrim Hima. on the 13th and 14th of this month this year.
The cleanliness drive started from Lailad to Nongrah Football Stand.
“There are many decisions of the government which have been suspended without being implemented,” said Bah Lyngdoh while speaking after the opening of the UDP meeting. did not attend the meeting of the NITI Ayog.
In order to welcome the season and to pray and thank the Creator and Bei Ramaw, the Pnars celebrate the Chad Sukara, the Khasi the Shad Suk Mynsiem and the War Jañtia the Rong Kusi.
The KSU strongly demands that these authorities should be punished for violating the rights of the Jaidbynriew according to the rules of law.
Omkar Singh said the delay in conducting the examination was due to the non-functioning of the biometric system, where the examination had to be conducted without doing any more biometrics after getting permission from the NTA. The Registrar denied that NEHU has not been prepared for the examination, saying that NEHU has not conducted the examination, but it has been conducted by the NTA and the question papers and others have been prepared. Shillong: U Minister of PHE, Marcuise N Marak, on Tuesday said that the allegation of smuggling of sugar, kwai and other commodities to Bangladesh is just a talk to release the government. The Border Security Force (BSF) and the Customs have not been able to patrol the border.
The CORP Western Zone said that the BDO's office has awarded the contracts to the contractors with the understanding that they must complete within three months.
It may also be recalled that the Sengbhalang will urge the opposition MLAs to support the bill.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The HANM Kmie has strongly urged the government to release the leaders of the party or else there will be a war.
At the same time, he also questioned the KHADC for not announcing or calling a tender for the operation of these gates.
Agnes was discharged from NEIGRIMS on 10th November 2018 and stayed at her brother's house until 21st June
Many of us the people are involved in jali jaum, pah and khroh and we don't understand that whoever we should elect and carry out the responsibility of the country, we are led equally. only by feeling, but not by adult reason.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02 : The BJP National Executive Member and MLA from Pynthorumkhrah, Bah AL Hek on Friday alleged that the ruling NPP has misused its programmes and schemes of the government for its political gain.
Shillong:The Catholic Church, invites all spiritual leaders, paid faithful for the Day of Sickness to pray and fast on the 1st June, 2021, in connection with the rapid increase in the Corona virus.
Lambok Singh Lyngdoh, one of those who donated these items, said that he wants to put these items in such museums so that someone can see that Take heed to them that they be not destroyed.
“By 2028, we expect the tourism sector in Meghalaya to increase from T.12,000 crore, or T.1.5 billion dollars. It will welcome up to T.million or T.20 lakh tourists every year,” said Bah Cyril.
Witting said that due to the incident, all the electricity supply has been cut off in the entire area, including the water supply points.
He recalled that the passage of the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) by the NDA government despite strong opposition from many people, but the present government has approved it, even the Chief Minister of Garo Hills. I support this.
However, a woman named Balarisuk Marbaniang, who admitted to working at SAI, called the parents of the child and said that the child was born in They are in Delhi, because there is a football match.
In this incident, a mother of seven died and was buried on November 14, 2023 while other occupants were injured.
On the other hand, the government has received the support of 45 members including 26 members from the NPP and 11 members from the UDP. There are five MLAs including two from the BJP, two from the HSPDP, two from the PDF and two independent MLAs.
“If there are 3 people, they can be from any party but the police have dozens and hundreds of people, they cannot arrest them by hand. and they are not qualified to do this job,” said Bah Ajar.
Israel has many skilled soldiers, the IDF and the Israeli Defense Force and the Israeli Air Force (IAF) are the most skilled troops ready and watching.
Shillong, June 10: The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSA) Mylliem Block and Municipal Area will hold a meeting on the 12th June 2015 at the National Dorbar Hall Mawkhar at 12.00 pm.
He urged the Minister to ensure that the Meghalaya government should implement the scholarship scheme on time as at present the behavior of the education department is very slow. the state.
The award will be presented at a date to be determined.
Recognizing Meghalaya as a women-friendly state, 20% of the financial support has been offered through the PRIME program which is reserved specifically for women entrepreneurs.
From Banalari World Cars, 34 foreigners from Stanley Roy, 18 from Stanley Roy and 20 from Modrina. pages are available.
Police have arrested the suspect after receiving a complaint from D.Guru Raja Rao, Assistant General Manager SBI that on the 26th of this month, robbers had robbed the ATM. this bag.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, Bah Pala, who is also MP from Shillong, said, “We have no part in the dissolution of the UDP-led EC in KHADC. “When the NPP called Bah PN Syiem, he told me and we had a good discussion and also with the Congress leaders before we took the you're right," said Mr. Pala.
Wanshnong SC won the tie-breaker by beating Nongrim SC 4-3 goals. In the U-13 semi-final, Ryntih beat Littlestar 4-3 while Nongrim beat Nongrim 2-1
The call therefore is to bring about change and change must begin with each of us.
Three village volunteers patrolling in the area were shot dead by Kuki armed robbers, on the other hand, which caused clashes in the area.
On the 7th of November, Rymbai Iawpynsing SC will play against Rymbai Wahshnong SC at 12.00 pm.
He said that he has received information that recently they have received reports from Delhi about local entrepreneurs who have tried to market such Ryndia clothes which are not handmade and which are not handmade clothes. Ryndia is originally from Meghalaya and sold at a price ranging from T.19,500 to T.24,000.
Shylla said that Julius Dorphang has confessed to the crime and has accepted the arrest. “How can the Congress come out when those people who were involved in the accident didn't complain, but it was the Governor who felt that he had done wrong.” “It is because he understands his mistake that he will resign,” she said.
Rahul Gandhi didn't know anything about this.
Police recovered 40 soap boxes containing 559 grams of heroin from the vehicle.
The Mawkynrew Cup Committee on 3rd July held a meeting with the clubs of Mawkynrew Constituency at the Dorbar Hall of Jongksha Village. .
As part of the celebration, the BJP has also organized the Sewa Hi Saptah, a month-long program from today until 14th June on the occasion of the birth anniversary of Baba Saheb Ambedkar.
This village has 3 small streams which affect the traffic of the residents through the road because when it rains these streams shlei and the water flows along the road and most of the time when this happens In some cases, the residents have to stay at home even to go to the hospitals.
Tura, Nailar 06: A resident of Borogobal, West Garo Hills, Amin Raibak Rabha (50) has died on Tuesday after being attacked by wild elephants. your place of residence.
It is to be recalled that the contract teachers who were dismissed in July, 2021 have turned to the Main Secretariat office together with their children to demand that the Government should re-employ them. The crowd has caused a lot of trouble after the police have fired tear gas.
The 16 deaths were from EKH: 09, WJH: 05, WGH: 01 and NGH:
This is the first time the program has been introduced.
Shillong: The Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Thomas Sangma, today said that the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly will start on 20th October and end on 28th October.
She is confident that Meghalaya can move forward like Assam because if Assam can do it, Meghalaya can do it too.
There are two questions we need to ask when we read about Saul's encounter and encounter on the road to Damascus.
To promote Christmas and attract tourists.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills (SWSRJ) has strongly condemned the robbers who threw a petrol bomb at the residence of the MLA from Jaintia Hills who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
“If they ban parking in this place, I will go where because I have children from this job and besides that my children are in trouble now,” he said.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that 47 persons have tested positive including 30 BSF personnel, 8 high risk contacts and 2 persons. Nine persons have attended the wedding ceremony in Guwahati and nine persons have just returned from abroad.
If we allow ourselves to live like this in the midst of the increase in the price of food items, we don't know where we will go as citizens.
Mamata has criticized Modi for not knowing the assets of her husband in her nomination paper.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 06: The Seng Samla Shnong Mawkyrwat (SSSM) has conducted a training session to raise awareness among the public and school children on the dangers of using alcohol and drugs. A Seminar on Drug Abuse and Alcoholism on the topic “Rat Diengkhong on Drug Abuse and Alcoholism” was held at the Dorbar Hall Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District.
Police have arrested a man for stealing a cross from a church in London.
In Shillong, traffic jam is the most common problem for the people every day, especially on working and school days.
After the theft of cows from time to time from the cow farms in the past few months, the VDPs of Mustem village have suspected that someone has stolen cows from the village and the township. The VDPs of Mustem village have seized a Maruti 800 (ML05 M 7593) from Mustem village on Saturday night. There were 5 unidentified youths in the vehicle.
On the election of Bah Sosthenes Sohtun as the Chief Minister of Jirang, Conrad K. Sangma, congratulated the people of Jirang, who have elected him as the Chief Minister. this is the Constituency.
The JNC said that East Jaintia Hills District is one of the districts which contributes the highest revenue to the government and its revenue has reached 11 years but when it comes to development it is lagging behind. exceed.
We are not against foreigners but at this time we prefer the health of the people especially at this time when we cannot say that the area is free from the corona virus.
Don't turn to the right or to the left, but don't be afraid to stand up.
Shillong, March 5 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya together with the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh today launched the flag to launch the Yashaswini, the Women Motorcycle Riders Group of CRPF Shillong.
The first phase of the TPL (Taekwondo Premier League), which includes 12 teams, will start from July 22-26 this year.
The cause of the incident was said to be the brake failure of the truck but police are still waiting for the mechanics to confirm this.
In one case, a few people caught a big fish but unfortunately it was not fished but supposedly poisoned.
In Group D, Tura, the match between Khliehmaw Lieh Youth Club and Selsella Sports Association ended in a 2-2 draw.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the relatives of the victims, Bah Kyrshanlang Nongsiang, said that it was a shocking and sad incident.
They confirmed their promotion after winning the quarter final match held at the Artificial Turf Stadium at Diengshynrum, Khliehriat on Friday.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 8 cases including 5 high risk cases, 1 ILI case and 2 cases from Khimusniang cluster.
He said that the amount of GST to be paid to the states in June, July, July and September is T.1.5 lakh crore. And January.
On the VPP, Bah Ardent said that it has demanded that the government should appoint a special committee to discuss the Reservation Policy because the problem is not the Roster System, but the Reservation Policy.
They have taught us, How shall men act?To plant stones and oaths,And to drive away the plague.
Before the blood donation, a prayer was offered by the Waheh Shnong Nongsning, Lambha Dhar and speeches by some of the employees of the company.
The brother of Iai-ap Swer lodged a complaint with the police on the same night.
The Gospel saves even those who have lost hope.
The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Amlarem Sub-Division has announced that the supply of rice under the NFSA (AAY & PHH) and Non-NFSA for the month of December, Not available to all Fair Price Shop Dealers in accordance with the following terms and conditions.
The public should also not resolve any issues in the community.
OR Shallam President Seiñraij Jowai urged the residents not to break or throw garbage at the market opposite the DC office Jowai. The Seiñraij Jowai will punish and fine if found.
The RBYF, 12 Shnong Circle also sent its condolences to the members and owners of the house who suffered the incident and who lost all their belongings inside the house.
From Mukhla-Wahiajer constituency, the independent candidate and representative of Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla has resigned from the Congress MDC from Mukhla-Wahiajer constituency. The NPP has rejected Bah Suklang Shylla, MDC from the UDP constituency.
In fact, it is the responsibility of the Synod to issue a press release.
Bringstar Lamin, vice president Pacify Syngkrem, secretary Skeba Lamin, assistant secretary Kiman Lymba, finance secretary Kenny Saka Lamin, publicity secretary Chesterfield Syngkrem, sport secretary Bansumar lang Lamin and 10 EC members.
Shortly after the incident, information was sent to all the Police Units in the District and a thorough search was conducted by the Police.
The Ministry of Home Affairs is preparing to amend Article 280 to increase the allocation of funds to the ADCs in Assam, Meghalaya, Tripura and Mizoram.
In the mid-term elections, Conrad K Sangma contested against Dr. Mukul Sangma's wife Dikkanchi D Shira with 3,29,497 votes while Dikkanchi received 1,0 37,285 Votes.
Besides, she urged the people to eat the fish produced in the state and to be vigilant to eat the fish imported from far away.
Isaiah 53:1–6.
On this day, despite the threat of COVID-19, many prominent people from all over the Khasi Hills have come to pay their last respects to this great man on this day of funeral.
The village leaders demanded that the CEM should talk to the state government to relocate the Forest Beat House which was allegedly built illegally on the village land.
The relatives of the deceased have taken the body from NEIGRIHMS Hospital after the post mortem examination before the last rites.
On the other hand, the leaders of WKSU under the leadership of President Bah D.Sun, expressed the issue of opening a Maternity Children Hospital (MCH) in Nongstoin and allocating funds for the treatment of children. various posts that should be available in the hospital.
Therefore, after consultation with many members of the State Government of Meghalaya, they have expressed their opposition to the inclusion of un-represented tribes as members of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council. (KHADC), Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) and Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC).
“We have tried to make it one of the most beautiful buildings in Shillong but with this incident, we have lost one of the most beautiful buildings,” said the Principal.
Speakers included Fineliness Bareh, former MDC, D. Pohshna and others.
Besides, the club will also award prizes to the best players in the tournament including the goalkeepers and the players who scored the most goals.
If you lose it, everything is lost.
Referring to the Water Policy, the Minister said, “Meghalaya is one of the few states to have a Water Policy. , which will benefit all aspects from water distribution, conservation, conservation, protection in sharing areas, improvement of water supply so that all water related needs can be met.
Excluding the borrowed capital, the total expenditure will be T.15,786 crore, he said, adding that the payment of loans for the year 2018-2019 is estimated at T.653 crore and more. It will cost T.784klur.
According to the report submitted by the MTC to the government, it said that the militants were behind the incident by burning down the vehicle to show that they are against the government.
Khliehmawlieh's second goal came when Livingstone Nongrang took the ball from the right side and in his attempt to pass the ball, it went straight into the net. shisha is a goal that I didn't think of.
The election of the new Chief Executive Member (CEM) and the new Executive Committee will be held on the 20th July at 11 am.
Shillong, July 19 : At a meeting on 17th July 2022, the Wrestling Association of Meghalaya (WAM) has been established. to set up an office in Shillong.
If anyone wants to send us to clean them, we can send them to me, we will pick them up from your house and put them in your house.
Indeed, the ability to increase the number of tourist attractions attracts more tourists and the increase in tourists enriches and profits the hotel owners.
However, all these things show that as a nation, we lose that spirit of pride in our own language, when we lose our pride in our own language, we lose our pride in our own language. but when you go outside and ask where you are from, you don't get an answer, because if you don't know how to speak your own language, how can you answer? of thymmei longbriew and began to forget completely about his own snap.
Therefore, the office has informed that the repairs to the pipe have to be completed, so there will be no water supply and production until the evening of the 30th of this month,
On the other hand, Bernard said they want the leaders from Delhi to come and post mortem all the development works in the state before it is too late.
There is still only one electricity supply (MeECL).
With the victory of Bah Pius, the UDP now has 8 MDCs in the KHADC which has 30 MDCs.
According to a statement issued by the KSU, the KSU has informed that on the 2nd June 2023, there was an attack on Khasi people living in Khedagor village, Manipur, through a video recorded by the KSU. There has been a clash between the two sides, which has shown that the Meitei people have tried to attack the Nagas.
Mizoram took five wickets for 13 runs.
Shillong, Jymmang 22 : The Government of Meghalaya in collaboration with the Ministry of Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER), on Thursday held an Investors Roundtable in the capital.
Another thing that has shocked the coal miners , is that although they have been allowed to sell the coal they have extracted from abroad , they have to sign an agreement with the department to environmentally friendly, so that you can get the profits from the coal sold.
Balawan said that the Seng will not interfere in this matter, but in the coming days the Seng will meet with the government authorities to demand that the government should take action. The Government of Assam should immediately suspend this proposal.
At the same time, he said that such robbers who have died in consciousness should not be in the society.
It happens because we don't have enough people to look after the jobs that should be looked after and we can't provide them all.
When they looked at the children of Halbert's age, they were very happy and asked their parents.
Under the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong, the Seng Longkmie and the Youth of the village on the 31st June 2023 to install a transformer inside the village as part of the protection for the safety of the children. and the cattle in the city.
Other competitions besides the coin toss include Maw point, phawar and others.
Jaitley has not been in good health since last year, when he went to the United States for treatment and has not been able to present the Indian government's budget in the month of rymphang is not available.
Out of these 27 incidents, 38 have been completed and 11 are pending investigation.
The Glendale Police Department, in a statement to the media, announced that the child, identified as Alicia Navarro, who has been missing since 2019, has been found. she was in a healthy and complete body and was handed over to her relatives.
If the NPP does not listen to the UDP, BJP or PDF, the MDA ship could lead to the collapse of the MDA ship. On the misuse of the Executive Committee led by the NPP in both the District Councils (GHADC and JHADC), it is very dangerous and if they cannot compromise, the days of The collapse of the MDA ship has increased as the days and months have passed.
“We know that the people of the state follow the leader, they don't follow the party because there are no people who have been baptized in that party,” she said.
On the other hand, Bah Ronnie Wahlang expressed his gratitude to the village of Umphrup which has taken the lead in the development of Ri Khasi Jaintia. the Village.
If anyone violates the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) in any other way, the ECI will take strict action.
The gratitude and support of the Kur Kharkongor who in these years have donated the playground and this playground still exists today and is publicly known as Madan Jingkieng Nongthymmai.
So everyone should dress modestly and dress modestly.
Speaking on many of the pending bills passed by the KHADC since previous years, Bah Pynïaid said that there are many pending bills but the State Government through the District Council. Affairs has set up an Expert Committee to look into the Bills especially to ensure that there will be no problems if the Bills are sent to the Lat for approval.
He said that there are 12 fish farms and 7 of them have been able to produce fish as seeds.
Therefore, as a non-health expert, we urge the State Government not to encourage or discourage the people. and to allow them to choose of their own free will among the citizens of the State and refused to subject themselves to this blind compulsion especially to distribute medicines without their knowledge to all the small towns. it's how to get it.
In this regard, the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) has sent a letter to the Director General of SAI, Injeti Srinivas, who is also the CEO of the 12th SAG
Now the MDA, besides not knowing and understanding anything regarding the border, has affected this issue and lost thousands of square kilometers,” said Erwin.
Today, there is no slap in Shillong.
Speaking on the occasion, the Director of Arts and Culture, Meghalaya, Ms Matsiewdor War Nongbri promised to provide assistance as much as possible so that Meghalaya can take part in programs related to arts and culture.
The Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, today announced that the Sonapur Borkhat road will be constructed soon at a cost of T.126.88 crore.
“We have lodged a complaint in the High Court, what you (the government) have done on the complaint we lodged on 18th July 2021, and secondly, the One Man Inquiry Commission, what you have done on “The Commission's recommendation and fourthly, we demand a CBI investigation because we don't agree with the government's actions,” said Granary.
Perhaps my friends from Ri-Lum Garo misunderstand that just because it is the capital, Shillong is completely rich.
Alleging that Rahul has tried to accuse the government of corruption over the purchase of Rafale, Biplab said the Supreme Court has already ruled that the government has no hand in doing so. steal this work.
The firefighters are surprised that even though there is a blackout of 10 or 12 hours a day, the sad thing is that after the bill has increased so much, it is alleged that this It is an injustice to inspect the meters by the employees of the office without coming to inspect them.
HYC Mairang Circle, under the leadership of Samla Macdonald Nongrang as President on the 4th of November, visited the area to discuss the issue. The union conducted an inspection on the road and found that the road is in excessive deterioration.
Before the start of the match, a meeting was held where Pastor JL Mawlong prayed and Rev IW Nongsiej explained the purpose of the friendly football match.
The National Law University Demand Committee (NLC) has decided to go around Jaintia Hills to demand that the university should be allocated to Jaintia Hills.
Dr Jemino said the UDP's vote share in the last elections was higher than that of other parties and he felt that it should be allowed from Khasi-Jaintia, while the NPP from Garo. Hills.
Those in Category A will receive an honorarium of 15,000 per month, 150 liters of petrol per month, 3 liters of mobile per month, 12,000 per month of car and 8,000 per month of TA/DA. month, rent 8 thousand per month, electricity 1000 per month, food 2000 per month.
The following are listed as attempts to improve the situation in which the full authority of the House should not be challenged: Contempt of House : lympung syllok and tainia on any topic related to the household, village or kingdom.
Furthermore, if the people are clean during the elections, the state will have clean leaders and clean voters will also produce clean leaders.
He urged the residents to be vigilant against the arrival of foreigners who intend to shoot the animals in the forests of the village and also to take responsibility to inform the villagers immediately. the local authorities or the relevant office.
“We should not use any means to mislead the people, we need knowledge, understanding, we have to use a lot of knowledge. ".
After continuing the innings for 4/1 in six overs, Mizoram were all out for 206 runs, after which Meghalaya scored 53/3
The meeting was held at Larnai Community Hall in the presence of Bah ML Wanshong, Joint Director DCI, Shillong, Bah B Warjri, General Manager, DCIC, Dr. K Venkata Rao, Dy Director MGIRI, Kong S Kharpran, Functional Manager, DCIC, Jowai, Larnai Village Chairman Bah Kyrmenlang Pyrtuh and other members involved in this project.
We all have one vote to cast and no more than that except in the old days when one person could vote dozens of times in the name of others who could easily reach the polling stations .
After passing the Citizenship Amendment Act, the NDA government is now ready to pass the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) in the coming months.
Hek urged everyone to work together to develop the Dohkha industry in order to increase the income of the state.
In addition, it is necessary to take part in encouraging those who have contracted this disease especially those who have just contracted the disease from other people, to encourage Those who are quick to come forward to announce that they have contracted this disease, forget the spirit of discrimination against them in society, but don't show the sign of touching their hands. Therefore, half of the battle that has been fought now can be said to have been won and the remaining half will have to be fought in the present scientific age, which is still fighting to develop medicines. to protect people from Covid-19 or Coronavirus.
In a statement, the General Secretary of the party, Wonder Lapang, said that the arrest of these 18 MLAs is against Article 191 (1)(a) of the Constitution.
Shillong, Nailar 17: Former President of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia Garo People (FKJGP) Wellbirth Rani and Editor of Rupang newspaper Monarch Shabong on Tuesday joined the United Democratic Party (UDP). .
After that, I saw that near the pond at NEHU there was a celebration and a banner of Holi.
Shillong, Nailur 05 : Phanniewlah Rum SC has dropped to the Second Division of the T20 Tournament by beating Mawsawrit SC 3-0 in the First Division tournament on Monday.
When contacted by this reporter, Purity, resident of Lumdiengjri, said that she had returned the bowls from Bah Paul and the Pressure Cooker from Bah Mohendro Rapsang. He said that today, the Election Commissioner, including the Sector Officer and Observers, met with her to take questions and learn more about her actions.
The virus has killed 1,450 people in the United States in the past 24 hours.
He contested the MDC election from Mylliem in 2014 but failed to win.
The Government has now released Rs 53 crore to pay all the MABS and MMBS benefits to ASHAs by October
You have to understand where they come from and where they started.
On the allegation by the Congress, especially the Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma, that the NPP MP from Tura Agatha K Sangma has supported the CAB and has turned away the people of the state, Lambor said, “We don't I want to hear the story of the opposition leader, but I will tell my story too.
Last year, West Jaintia Hills won the title after winning 14 gold, 6 silver and 14 medals in the State Level Inter-School Athletic Meet. 3 bronze medals.
The SP said that the three were released on bail bond at 12 noon after investigation.
He said that the Government is talking nonsense and the Government does not want to take care of foreigners who enter the state.
The National People's Party (NPP) has expressed its confidence to reach the goal of victory in the upcoming elections in Sohiong constituency.
“We strongly oppose this public hearing which was issued by the Rangbah Shnong of Wahiajer, Ma Sibren Sumer without convening the Dorbar Shnong.
The committee said that the investigation could not be concluded because the committee could not investigate Pynshngain and Antonio.
Umpling, meanwhile, finished the season in fifth place, with only three points.
Despite the intensification of the war in Ukraine, the two Ukrainian soldiers completed their honorable wedding today.
At the same time, he said there is a request from the BJP office bearers and district presidents to announce the list of candidates for 2023 as soon as possible.
At present, tourism is one of the ways to boost the income of the state especially after the pandemic, so it is necessary to turn and support this industry which can feed the residents. The MTDF urges the residents, Dorbar Shnongs, Seng Bhalang and all to work together for the sake of peace and stability without discrimination. you feel differently about religion or nationality.
There are 58,625 students in Meghalaya who will sit for the examination.
In the junior under 18 men's marathon, Wanbok L. Mawlong won first, Binas K. Lyngdoh won second and Neverson Jyrwa won third.
Although the farmers have complained that the production of Sohsaw will deteriorate due to the heavy rains in the past few months, it is expected that the production of Sohsaw will increase to 16,000 tonnes this year,” said Shylla.
On the same day, the KSU Nongthymmai Circle has honored the best athletes who have brought glory to the Jaidbynriew.
It was known that Ira was dating Mishaal, but they both kept quiet and it was only this time that she came out about her relationship with Mishaal. .
Once home, they read the letter and found that Rida, the victim, had been sent for questioning due to the lack of clarity of evidence from the complainant.
MSB employees today vowed to stage a strike if the government does not release their salaries, which have been suspended for three months since November this year. to reform the tax collection system to fill the shortage of funds in the department and this will be implemented next year if the plan is achieved.
We need to support the KHADC which is between the KHASI-I AND KHASI-II. The children born from the Khaitpohjar will cause more and more suffering to the Hynniewtrep people. to your tenth generation shall ye enter into the congregation of the LORD" (Deut. 23:2).
The BJP workers in the presence of Lakhon Biam MDC JHADC, Khrawboklang Basaiawmoit, State Youth Morcha President, Adv. Convenor Pramod Jain was unanimously elected as the president of the BJP.
“I didn't have any attempt to reconcile or threaten anything else but I ordered the child and the family to inform the police about the incident,” said the Sordar of Mawryngkneng.
“This coal issue brought to Parliament is an issue of corruption which has affected many residents, and through many corrupt activities of the people who have called for the the kingdom is not holy.
Suchen said that many types of training have been implemented by the MSSDC with the assistance of NGOs such as SURE. Spot in this village, he also urged the trainees to take advantage of the training so that they can produce products that they can sell in these places.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on 28th June, was the Chief Guest at the National Seminar on “Representation of Women of North East India in Multi-Disciplinary Discourse” at Don Bosco College, Tura.
Tura: The Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) is ready to acquire 10 pieces of land from the Central Government in Delhi to build a house for the Garo students who study or work. those who go for treatment or needs shall no longer seek their place of residence.
Langsning FC beat Shillong Lajong 3-1 in the Shillong Premier League on Saturday at the JN Stadium in Shillong.
Dr Mukul said the government has passed a law to exempt MLAs who hold office for two terms from being nominated.
The Dorbar Shnong Jalyiah has expressed its gratitude to the members of the Indian Red Cross Society, Meghalaya and the members of the Meghalaya Scouts-Guides Fellowship, Jaintia Hills who have taken a good part in the community. There have been 4 new cases of COVID-19 and 84 active cases in the State on Tuesday.
He recalled the time when the Atal Bihari Government lost by only 10 votes.
He recalled that in 2001, Bah Paul Lyngdoh had demanded that the employment ratio should be 60 to 40, 60 for the Khasi-Jaintia and 40 for the Garo. published in the May newspaper, but now that he has become a Minister, he does not say a word.
In other words, they are called “Mafia acts”.
Here is what is beautifully stated in the Gospel of John: “For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.” but they shall have eternal life.
Why should only the Lummawbah area be built until the children's playgrounds and playgrounds have been destroyed, why the District Administration or the authorities have not addressed this, said Bah Pynshai.
The Press Information Bureau of India said these allegations are false and said that injectables cannot turn the human body into a magnet.
The present Motphran, which has been rebuilt, has three rows of stones, but its head is a lymbnep that looks like a Muslim place of worship or a mosque.
It may be recalled that the first time Rupang published a story about Bah Sun, he said, “I'm suffering now that I'm still suffering, it doesn't take me time to compose a song”. Bah Sun to all the people who love music.
Dr. Mukul arrived at Sohra at 12:40 pm, but Dr. Don did not arrive until the end of the closing ceremony.
and they shall keep it for a thousand two hundred and sixty days.
Similarly, in Wahiajer and Nartiang, the water level has reached two or three feet in the houses, but no casualties were reported.
Creator :- The Creator, especially in relationship with God.
Police said that the name or address of the deceased is still unknown and he is believed to be between 45 and 50 years old.
To implement this project successfully, it requires the cooperation of various departments such as the MPWD.
He also expressed concern over the lack of slip writing facilities, the lack of security for employees and slip collectors, as well as the lack of adequate rooms for doctors, nurses and others. Livingson urged the Minister to provide adequate rooms to store the equipment of the hospital, as at present most of the equipment has been placed outside the rooms and in the passages. will expedite the provision of a suitable building so that the hospital can be run smoothly.
After this, they informed the Khliehriat Police Station and took them to the Police Station for further investigation.
“119 police personnel have been deployed of which 40 police personnel have already arrived in the state and these personnel have arrived early before the elections,” said the CEO. Tripura, the state will receive another 79 police personnel and the state police have already prepared the places for these police personnel.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) was passed by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on 13th March 1997 and the Governor of Meghalaya signed the Bill on 23rd March June 19, 2005.
Ram Singh, Deputy Commissioner, West Garo Hills, has ordered the District School Education Department to submit a clear report on the incident. I'm the headmistress.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday met with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and submitted a petition on the demands for the development of the East Jaintia Hills District. .
After the flood, the average age dropped to 393 years.
The funeral service for Bah Africa Suting will be held tomorrow, November 2, 2023, at the Catholic Church in Awla Punjee, Bangladesh.
The church service will be held in October, and the preparations for the implementation are in progress especially for the damaged and newly constructed roads.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongthymmai Circle, under the leadership of General Secretary Richard Mawkhiew, General Secretary, has immediately visited the Vodafone office to stop the appointment of foreigners.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Ultimate Legend Bikers Association (TULBA) Sohryngkham Unit has elected new office bearers after the term of office of the employees. the old is gone.
At the beginning of Narendra Modi's assumption as Prime Minister, there was an attempt to remove the word Secular from the Constitution of India. Recently, the Modi government has removed Mahatma Gandhi's favorite hymn “Abide with me” from the Beating Retreat Ceremony. Is it a Christian song?
NEEPCO at that time said that it needs 600 acres of land to build the shlem, and the coal requirement will be about 1.7 million tonnes per annum.
When the match ended in a draw, the referees took the match to the Tie Breaker and it was in the Tie Breaker, that the Raid Nongpoh defeated the Raid Nongpoh. Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to postpone the election for the new Sordar of Raid Shabong, which was scheduled to be held tomorrow. today, January 26, 2023.
However, education is very expensive, with 2.9 lakh tyngka in private institutions and 87 thousand tyngka in public institutions.
Speaking to reporters, Mukul said the government will continue to implement the Residents Act, alleging that the Sengbhalang does not want to listen to the proposal of the Residents Act. government to curb the influx of foreigners, because they want to implement the Inner Line Permit Bill.
The JAC was led by Bah R.Kharkrang as Chairman and Bah Dondor Marbaniang as Secretary.
Shillong, June 03: The number of active cases of Covid-19 in Meghalaya has decreased steadily with the number of recoveries increasing day by day.
The visit was led by JSM Ladrymbai Circle President Shaining Shylla, JSM Eastern Region Vice President Donkupar and other members.
“All the terms and conditions of the MoU have been discussed and all the parties in the MDA know because we don't do anything wrong and they also agree with us on the MoU,” he said. added.
It is alleged that these trucks which left South Garo Hills leave in groups and do not travel only one or two trucks and travel to Dudhnoi, Krishnai and Goalpara districts.
The cremation ceremony was attended by a large crowd in Delhi after the cremation ceremony of Rajiv Gandhi in
Shillong, Naitung 21: The SBUK (Seng Biria U Khasi) has passed away today. , May 21st.
I may be young, there is plenty of time to contest elections but what makes me happy is that I cannot wait for the time for the nation, the time of the nation urgently needs the protection of the laws ", said Fenela.
For those who have passed the Degree, the party will wait until the results are released.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, today said that the Tourism Policy of the State will boost employment opportunities for the youth in the state and income generation as well.
In another development, Ashish Kumar Dhar has lodged a complaint against Swami Damodarananda, Secretary of Bharat Sevashram Sangha, Shillong, for misusing Rs 60,0
Furthermore, Pnars living in Block-I have been banned by Karbi from entering Karbi villages and Meghalaya on the allegation that Pnars have shot and injured a Karbi.
Otherwise, it will leave the determination of the boundary in the hands of the disputing parties.
Nongpoh: Three wrestlers from the state who represented India at the 43rd World Arm Wrestling Championship held in Turkey today have been awarded medals. Special welcome in Umsning.
But these are not the same.
“Not only the Ministry of Finance, but also other departments like mining and geology, forest and transport have looked into the issues. regarding the rights of JHADC, KHADC and GHADC.
“As the Syiem of Mylliem Hima in 2008, he had already handed over the land to the Harijan Panchayat Committee, but the government now does not have the signature of the Tripartite Agreement. which they say they will take back this place".
Antioxidants : Vitamin C supplementation is a source of antioxidants that can protect the body from the effects of toxins.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has decided that two of its MLAs, Alexander Laloo Hek and Sanbor Shullai, will hold the post of Minister for two and a half years in the NPP-led MDA-2 coalition government.
Shillong, July 21: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has opposed the proposal of the Executive Committee (EC) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to abolish the Laitkroh Constituency.
The arrested were identified as Shri Shyamsundar Shitala Prasad Shukla and his wife Smti.
As for the tenant, if he gives false, or incorrect, information, he will be guilty of IPC 1860.
The existence of the Kur organizations is one of the ways to make the Kur united and also a protection for the Khasi people so that we can prevent any exploiters who are trying to get us. to become Khasi and to benefit from trade, employment, land ownership, even in marriage and to live in peace and harmony in these remote hills of this Bri u Hynniewtrep.
“He also gave a special thanks to all the players, coach and management who have worked hard to reach this level.
Marriage is the beginning of sailing a ship of suffering in the middle of the sea of ​​life by two partners, a man and a woman. in the midst of trouble there is no helper.
“There is no cure for the coronavirus, but the government has hospitals at Nazareth, NEIGRIHMS,” he said.
Shillong, Nailar 22 : The High Court of Meghalaya on Tuesday issued an order directing the Central Government to look into the construction of roads in the North East. The states are full of hills and rivers and it is more difficult to build roads than elsewhere.
He said the construction of the State Zoo is in progress and will be completed soon.
“We hope that Prime Minister Narendra Modi will increase this share in the 2023 Budget Session,” he said.
I said to him, “This school of ours ends only in class-VIII. I told you from the beginning that your children should still study in class-I, but you don't believe.
“If we compare birds and animals, animals are truly precious, because of God's wonderful care and He has given them the most unique characteristic of all creatures.
“I will repair the damage done by the former MLA of Sohiong Constituency and I am ready to continue the outstanding work of Bah HDR Lyngdoh,” said the United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate. Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah.
Earlier, it was reported that Danggo will resign until the 5th or 10th of next month after the government lays the foundation stone for the Ranikor sub-division.
The prayer meeting is scheduled to be held on the 20th of this month at Mawdiangdiang starting at 9 pm.
Gradually, these same mistakes become common and common.
Shavian Blah was sent off in the 21st minute.
Therefore, the ïooluti is the source of the parable; Therefore, the ïooluti is still there, and the Bei-Wabooh has given birth to those who have done it.
When the reporter arrived at the scene, it was seen that the HANM leaders were sitting in an office of the HANM party at the residence of Bah Kharbani. the khiew is still being cleaned.
This is the first time in 15 years that writers have protested against the salary and many of them have expressed their concern that due to the low salary they don't want to write stories anymore. .
Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi District led by Samla Tonny Shylla as General Secretary and members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi District have visited the area after receiving a complaint from the public that the students of USTM are women. and men used to use it as a bar and cigarette bar on this road near the USTM School in Ri Bhoi District.
The meeting, chaired by the party leader, Basu Chakraborty, elected Ma JG Kyndiah as the president of the party, along with other office bearers.
Give the first glory to God who still loves our nation.
Speaking on the state's acquisition of 30 villages while Assam has 6, Bah Charles said that he is not happy with this. they are only flesh and blood.
Not only that, it has also become a camp to encourage drug users and all kinds of evil deeds.
Sohra MLA Titos W Chyne who is also the former Secretary of the Khasi Heritage Conservation Forum was one of the officials who arrived late. He was led to the VIP seat where the Governor and all the MDCs were seated.
Bah Process was accompanied by Asst Director of the Department Dr KB Sahkhar, Engineer of the Department, Contractor, Elders, Women and Youth of Mawlai.
This Behdieñkhlam is the largest in Jaintia Hills, this year it was small, but it went smoothly under the leadership of the Langdoh, who is the head of the religion in Tuber. The Ryngkew ki Basa of the Raij Tuber was held on Wednesday.
“We will spend about Rs 250 crore to repair all the damage and so I hope we can repair it in the next six to 12 months,” he said.
He appealed to the government that when it sees the suffering of the farmers from time to time regarding water such as in the cultivation of rice in the fields, in the raising of cattle, in the raising of fish, The farmers should visit and see face to face so that the farmers will not face any problems in terms of water during such times. the environment also began to fall apart.
In Madhya Pradesh, which has 230 constituencies, the BJP has won 163 seats from the Congress (in 2018 it won only 109 seats) while the Congress has won second place. received only 66 out of 114 cases in
He said that in Article A of the Quantum of Reservation, the Office Memorandum mentions the allocation of Posts while in the Resolution issued on 12th July, 1972 it was decided that on the allocation of Posts. The Roster is in accordance with the Reservation Policy.
Of these, 6 have completed General Proficiency in the first category and 18 have received the Silver Medal in the second category.
He said that when the crowd tried to enter the house, they tried to stop it, but they could not stop it for a long time, due to the strong turn of the crowd, who surrounded the house. and the house was all around.
SHILLONG : The employees of MeECL under the banner of MeECL Progressive Workers' Union (MPWU) have staged a strike against the government. The incident occurred at the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat Building on Tuesday.
If we continue to allow such a government which does not respect the rights of the people to do more just to make money, then the disaster is waiting for us.
“We on the UDP side will not allow the loss of even an inch of border land with Bangladesh and we stand on the ground to demand that the signboard should be erected from the Zero Line,” said Bindo M Lanong. .
Jowai: After the release of two girls aged 14 and 15 years old from Umpleng (cement area) of East Jaintia Hills, the West Jaintia Hills Police today through the Women Police Department under the leadership of Kong B Shadap. , police have released another 17-year-old girl who fled to meet her boyfriend who lives in Sohryngkham East Khasi Hills.
On the other hand, he has received a complaint from the Rangbah Shnongs, that these four villages are not yet villages which meet the requirements to be included in the Census Town.
Priyanka and Nick will hold another Hindu wedding ceremony on November 2,
Contact No +916909019993.
Antyodaya Anna Yojna (AAY) rice will be distributed at the rate of 35 kg per AAY FI Card, Priority Household (PHH) rice will be distributed at the rate of 5 kg per head free of charge in the city and in the countryside.
“The Harijans don't want to leave this area and if there is such an agreement the government should have talked, consulted with the people living in this area and then taken the but they cannot take a unilateral decision to relocate them and these people will also relocate”.
They need fertilizer.
SHILLONG: The Dorbar Shnong of Barato Village on Tuesday sent a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs, James K Sangma demanding that he should set up a Police Out Post in Barato Village to curb the robbery. jyllei as the days go by.
The BSF seized 35 cows from the vehicle and later handed them over to the Umkiang Police Station for further investigation.
“This will also allow us to better understand the strength of the Opposition and also to prepare ourselves better for the Asian Games where we are aiming to win a gold medal and qualify. Paris 2024 Olympics.
Jurgen Klinsmann, who has now been appointed as the new manager of the South Korean football team, has spent some time training himself for his first goal for the group after he arrived at the airport in Incheon.
The group has also informed the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District on 24th July 2019 and also a reminder in November this year. They said that until now, the Deputy Commissioner has not found anything wrong with this.
Announcing this, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said, “I am pleased to inform you all that the National Anthem of the State has been approved by the Cabinet today.
There was also a suggestion that the government should set up residential areas in the areas where there are parks. the government will look into that to ensure that they are also protected.
When asked, he said, “We don't know but the Government should explain, the Ministry of Health should explain.
Besides, NEIGRIHMS has also set up a well equipped Cancer Ward and has well trained doctors to treat and cure cancer.
In his speech, the Chief Guest congratulated all on National Voters Day.
Dr Mukul also alleged that other parties are like sheep in sheep's clothing and in their words they express that they are against the government but in reality they are involved with the BJP government and are in the same group.
“We have a strong hope that we will lead the EC, if not alone with our colleagues,” said Dr Donkupar.
“I would like to thank the Traffic Police who have worked hard to keep the vehicles running smoothly and also installed Mobile Patrolling because I have seen with my own eyes many vehicles overtaking.
The chief guest of the festival was the MLA of Nongthymmai, Dr Jemino Mawthoh who praised the Meghalaya Got Talent.
Articles, stories, poems, children who give drawings and many others that we cannot name.
He said it was wrong to think that those who came on that day would take the law into their own hands and do whatever they felt was right to create chaos, while he and the group of victims had good intentions to reach excellence to solve the problems at hand.
However, he said that such programs should remind and encourage the people to know that cleanliness is the most important thing to achieve good health.
Conrad campaigned along with Speaker Timothy D Shira to seek support for the NPP candidate Nihim D Shira, who will contest against Dr Mukul Sangma.
The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has issued a notice that the Village Authorities from Syiems, Sirdars, Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs, Matabors, to issue syrnod citizenship to Khasi citizens. only one who takes the jait ka khong from the woman in accordance with the provisions of the Khasi Lineage Act
The quarter final will be played on the 9th June 2021 between Emergency United and Shkenpyrsit SC at 2.30pm.
He alleged that this is a political move by using the police force.
Shillong: There have been 75 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today, of which 29 cases are from East Khasi Hills District, 27 cases from East Garo Hills District and 2 cases from South West Garo Hills District. , 1 from South Garo Hills District, 15 from West Garo Hills District and one from North Garo Hills District.
However, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Soil and Water Conservation, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, said that the money taken will be used again in the coming days and other departments will implement the project. .
On the other hand, Nitu Chullai, Headteacher Loompyrdi Iongpiah U.P.School, said that during the School Week, there will be many programs to encourage and entertain the students, which will end on the 25th of July. 2023.
However, it was a bad day for Laitumkhrah and Shillong, the fire broke out early in the morning to destroy the entire Shyllong market and in the middle of the day the injury of people which put everyone in misery and loss of lives. which is billions of dollars if you count them.
The Seng has also submitted the documents related to the demand of the Seng and will submit them to the Chairman of the District Regional Boundary Committee, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, the Chief Minister of Assam and the Chief Minister of Assam. The Union Home Minister also reminded him of the Memorandum of Demand which they demanded during his visit to Meghalaya.
He said that the translation of the POCSO Act, 2012 into Khasi will help to inform the public and the society that those who are still children cannot marry and also inform that if “The department has conducted a thorough investigation and feels it is necessary to educate the public on the dangers of child marriage. ," Mr. Paul said.
Khliehriat, Nailar 08: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS today inaugurated a food shop at Khliehriat West Community Hall. Speaking at the meeting, the Deputy Commissioner thanked the Waheh Shnong for providing the land for the opening of the shop. He also thanked the team of the Meghalaya State Rural Livelihood Society (MSRLS), East Jaintia Hills District, for making this project possible. To set up this Rural Outlet in Khliehriat where 15 Self Help Groups can sell their own products, he said that if this shop runs well, such outlets. will be opened in other market places in the District.
In the second leg, Pynbeitlang Football Club beat Sohbir Football Club 1-0
She said that she will not be influenced by the misleading of the opposition candidates and thus will mislead the goal and intention of contesting this election because she sees clearly that she is leading the party which head of the coalition government.
"Christ the Savior was born on the 1st of November according to the Lunar Calendar and according to the Gregorian Calendar it falls on the 1st of July, the calendar we use publicly, where he taught us the the need for the sharing of love with others through humility and patience.
In connection with this incident, Bah Viceroy Lyngdoh Mawnai, who is the leader of the farmers' group, together with other farmers, conducted an inspection of these farms. It was found that this insect infestation is different and has affected the farmers of La Tyrpad.
Sohphan is said to be a great remedy for diabetics and also reduces appetite.
There is a lot of protein in the body and there is a lot of trouble with this.
On the other hand, Charles Pyngrope said that the Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers through the Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana (RKVY) has allocated up to Rs 2 crore for the improvement and construction of government fish ponds in Umsning.
Bah Kharkhrang said that youths under the age of 21 years are more addicted to drugs and that is why they are quick to commit crimes which affect their future and that is why they need the cooperation of the government. part of the eradication of drugs from the state.
Ladthalboh lost 1-0 to Youth Club Pdengkarong in the match at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai. semi-final.
The incident in Uttar Pradesh has spread rapidly following the incident in Uttar Pradesh where the people there have been shocked by the false announcement that there is a shortage of milk and the false announcement that the price of milk will soon be increased. 200 rupees per kilo.
We also read in Amos 8:11, “Behold, the days come...that there shall be a famine in the land, not a famine of bread, nor of bread, nor of water, but of the word of the Lord” Then. In the Gospel of John 1:1 it is written, “In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God...”What is the Word or the Word and what does it mean? Bible scholars say that it is derived from the Hebrew word "dabar", the Greek word "logos", and the Latin word "verbum"
Honsen Lyngdoh, who was awarded the Silver Elephant Award in 2015 by the President of India.
Shillong, Naitung 01: It has been nearly 10 months since the natural disasters struck the people of the state, but many of them are still stuck in their minds thinking about what happened in their homes, since on the 13th of January this year.
In the final match, in the first half, Jyntru won the match by 1-0, which took the lead through the school. 0.
The High Court's decision today means that even after the 2018 MLA elections, those MLAs who have won the MDC elections can contest the MDC elections. eiei it to.
He said that during his journey to different parts of the state, he witnessed the raising of the tricolor flag of the country in his homes and vehicles.
In a letter sent to the Speaker of the Assembly, Thomas A Sangma, the VPP has threatened not to sit in the session if the Governor speaks in Hindi without an English translator. .
She said that the ASHAs have been on strike since 20th July and will continue to strike while the government does not. pat release their share.
Under the North Eastern Road Sector Development Scheme, it was decided to build roads to connect the North Eastern States to accelerate economic development in the region.
Lyngkhoi said that his discovery of these traditional instruments came after he had spent time researching the traditional culture of the Khasi people.
Dr. Vijay said that the rod had reached his blood vessels and had almost collided with his budlum. The blood vessels were not injected into the rod.
Here, we see that God is a living God who calls people to repentance, from the beginning of the world until now, from generation to generation David says – “For thou art great. , and thou hast done wonderful things: thou art God alone. Psalm 86:1
It is also the first time that the Patharkhmah Presbyterian Youth Church has held a Christmas costume competition as part of the efforts to bring unity among the youth within the Church.
PMAY has contributed Rs.1,30,000/-, MGNREGA Rs.22,000/-, KHUBLEI Germany Rs.1,70,000/- and Pynskhem Village Organization (VO) Rs.
He said that in Meghalaya, there are two constituencies, and if the people feel like him, they should not join the BJP but because they don't have a candidate, they have to think of another way.
New Delhi: The Baby League tournament in Kashmir has been held in Kashmir.
“If Aadhar is linked, it will eliminate fake ration cards and the beneficiaries will be only those who are eligible and at a reasonable price. clean not morning.
Spend time in the garden, in household chores or in anything else that you enjoy but that will build your future.
Jowai, June 25: CSC SPV, with the assistance of NIC and e-District, has conducted a training on Digital Financial Inclusion at the DC Office, Khliehriat. , East Jaintia Hills, on the 24th of July
Referring to the marriage, he said that if the UCC intends to equalize or regulate this sector, it will not be easy because the country has different ethnic groups who follow and have different beliefs. different religions and thus they will not accept if they are the same salonsar.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has honored Eleven Dkhar, who won four medals including a gold medal at the North East Olympic Games which ended recently in Shillong. Eleven Dkhar is from Tuberkmaishnong.
“The IBDLP is only a multi purpose vehicle to clean up the people, but it has not done anything,” he said.
According to sources, the areas where the government has prepared to build the gates are in Ri-Bhoi and East Jaintia Hills.
Conrad Sangma said that regarding the railway line, the state government will take care of it, as this is an issue that has to do with many areas where many groups have demanded the construction. The Central Government has not yet taken any decision on the implementation of the ILP in the state.
He said that 41 Khasi and Garo villages in the Langpih Sector have attended the meeting to discuss the boundary issue.
KHNAM appeals to the newly elected leaders to stand up for the state from the UCC and not to be obedient to the orders of the BJP. “We will not accept and we will oppose this proposal even if we have to take to the streets,” said the statement.
The meeting was attended by KSU Central Body Assistant Secretary, James Hitler Mawphniang, Raymond Kharjana Education Secretary, FKJGP President Dundee C Khongsit President (FKJGP), Khrawkupar. Speaking on the occasion, Bah Erik expressed his satisfaction that the players of the State have been able to play well in the Santosh Trophy since at the beginning of the qualifying round, as well as in the final round and until the end.
“While the JAC of Sohiong Hima is still surprised until 2019 when they have lodged a complaint against this issue it is difficult for the Council to review the decision because we don't have the authority to do so,” he said. Jambor.
He said that the fact that up to 450 people have been infected with covid-19 in the middle of the day, this shows that the situation in the state is not stable.
Police are conducting investigation to track down others involved in such crimes.
Therefore, the EJDCA invites all the children in the district to come forward to participate so that the EJDCA can select the children who have the talent to play. Those who are selected will get the opportunity to be trained. The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has won the tournament.
It is learned that the news vendors have been treated rudely while distributing newspapers this morning and thus, they are no longer able to distribute newspapers to the places where they used to go and this will continue until 31st October 2020.
Shillong, July 09: U Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, who was the leader of the Clean Policy Campaign, has become the President of the HSPDP. After being suspended from the Congress party, Pynshngaiñ N Syiem has formed a group called the Campaign for Change.
He said that about 70 lakh tyngka has been allocated for the Meghalaya Games which will start on the 17th of this month for 14 sports.
Other speakers included Bah Jonny, Supporting Staff from Kripa Foundation, Nongsder Ri-Bhoi District who in his speech said that drug abuse is increasing in this century. The Kripa Foundation and the Kripa Foundation have tried their best to reach out to those people who are affected by drug addiction in different villages to provide them with assistance and treatment.
Pulmonary valve stenosis is a part of pulmonary valve disease, in which the blood vessels that carry blood from the lungs to the lungs have become weak.
In the innings, Lumpyngad scored 219 runs for the loss of eight wickets at the end of 40 overs.
To utilize the already mined lands that are not suitable for coal mining, we have given permission to the policy for best utilization of land acquired under the CBA Act.
Therefore, he urged the athletes to avoid bad foods and drinks which destroy the body because if they fall into these their future will be dark.
Whom shall I blame, whom shall I blame, the inheritance that is past, or the inheritance that is now? The children of the country protested for their rights, Bakla was bombed, tied, imprisoned.
The BJP and Congress have not yet announced their candidates, but the GNC has already announced three candidates in its first list.
Employment and income generation are the two pillars to support the needs of the family.
Hakawaneimi Ymbon from Mukhap Laskeiñ Pyllun while explaining on the theme “Hala Thymmei Ban Tei Ia ka Lawei” said that this theme is part of the campaign to preach and encourage children from an early age to learn and understand. to follow the teachings of the ancients at the same time to understand and comprehend their own traditional religious teachings.
After the incident, Basumatary was arrested in November, 2016 and the NIA filed a chargesheet against him in July,
All kinds of diseases have appeared.
And love the uppermost rooms at feasts, and the chief seats in the synagogues, and the chief seats in the synagogues, (Matthew 23:5-6).
Police sources said that on the 8th of October at 10:45 pm, a house was set on fire at Rymbai village in Rymbai Ïawpynsin by a group of robbers.
Shillong: As part of the development of agriculture in Mawlai area, Mawlai MDC Bah Teibor Pathaw has convened a meeting on 27th June 2019 to look into the situation and find ways. The way to bring benefits from government.
“We are currently reviewing the shortcomings in the past.
The relationship between these two generations has become strained because of the lack of time; Therefore, this lockdown has repaired this relationship in the homes.
Market dwellers and customers must have a photo identity card issued by the authorities of these countries.
U lamb! U lamb! He rose from the dead.
This decision is to curb the increase in robbery, robbery, and other illegal activities such as drug trafficking.
This is called teenage pregnancy.
“We are pleased that the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, has promised to allocate funds for the repair of the Third Ground, which is a sports ground that needs to be improved. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Hamlet.
Where is the multi-disciplinary education in these colleges? Will they start over with those subjects? Where will they get money? Where are the students? Sometimes such colleges have disappeared from the map of education and have become a part of the university.
This old woman is a good speaker.
The delegation will also visit the CSIR, Bhubaneswar which conducts research and technology related programs in various fields to solve problems in the country. research in mining, minerals and metal-related industries to ensure their sustainable economic development.
Shillong, March 7: The State Government has announced that all schools, schools and government offices will be closed on the 12th of March in all five districts of Ri Lum Garo as it is the MDC polling day. , this was informed by the Principal Secretary to the Department of State Government.
“Therefore, the answer is income generation through tourism which will create jobs for our heritage and provide employment to others.
Petrol in Delhi is now priced at T.83.73 per liter and diesel at T.75.09 per litre.
So far, five persons have been arrested in connection with the incident in Ichamati, but no details have been received.
Shillong, November 04: The Meghalaya Basketball Association (MBA) has won its second consecutive victory against the Meghalaya Women's Basketball Association (BAA) on Tuesday. Jharhand, who won 53-25 points against Assam on the opening day, continued to showcase their talent. They won the match 43-13 points against Jharkhand.
So that it will be a blessing to us now and not a curse to the future generations.
Even today, it still shows that I have an old case of covid 19, according to the antibodies test.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday urged the leaders of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) to immediately stop doing politics or changing politics and misleading the people on the issue. The MDA has taken action to resolve the border issue between Meghalaya and Assam because when they were in power they did nothing now that the MDA has taken action to resolve this issue which has been going on for 50 years.
The question arises, – Is it a person or an environment? The answer is that the environment came first, and when God created man He put him to live on the environment.
Replying to Bah Marngar's statement, he said that the Council (KHADC) will submit the report along with the documents, maps and maps to the Government.
Of these, 146 supported the bill and this shows that the majority supported it.
Speaking on the number of categories of teachers in the state, Samla Mayborn said that there should be only three categories of teachers in the state, Government, Government Aided and non-government teachers. and that the benefits provided by the government to the Government Aided should be shared by all the teachers on this list.
I went as DHS and I spoke as DHS".
This shows the irresponsibility of the organizers and the lack of consideration for the public who have already paid for the tickets.
Lapang said the government should ensure that it takes action to respond immediately to any complaints from the public to ensure that the working methods of MeECL will be smooth.
Besides, the theft of cattle and timber has also increased on the India-Bangladesh border from Dawki, Muktapur, Hawai Sutnga and other places.
When you love your country, you will be able to do it.
He said that there are 25 teams to compete in the MSL tournament out of which 19 teams are the champions of the associations and 6 teams are the second place teams and the final will be played at Shillong is in June.
He said that the factory department has had the opportunity to check the documents, to see that the owners of the land, the villagers have given their approval. but the allegation that he is benami is not true.
In a statement, the Secretary invited all the youth of the Sein Raij Tuber from all over the villages to attend the meeting, in order to participate in the activities of the Sein.
There are currently 27 active cases in the district with the highest number of cases in East Khasi Hills with
The MRSSA includes 18 entry and exit gates for Khasi Jaintia and 23 in Garo Hills. The MRSSA also includes District Task Forces, led by Deputy Commissioners. On the other hand, although the political parties have accepted the MRSSA, the demand for ILP continues.
Mexican authorities said the body of a La Jornada journalist, who had been missing in the western province of Nayarit for several days, had been found.
Media reports said that after many allegations of the CEM's illness, there have been many doubts in the mind of the CEM. Pynshngaiñ will remove PT Sawkmie from the post of Dy.CEM and also from the Executive Committee.
“We will build the house by calling a tender for contractors to build the houses under this new scheme,” she said.
Pakistan is an Islamic country, Bangladesh is an Islamic country, Iran is an Islamic country, so should we be like Pakistan, anyone who worships other religions will become illegal.
Shillong Lajong Football Club, the Shillong Lajong Football Club, will play its third match today 14th June 2023 in Shillong.
The State Government has requested about two months to provide information on the availability of crematoriums in the cities and other parts of the State.
When we look at the youth who are the hope of the future as we see now, we have begun to lose hope.
At present, Colombia need only 10 points to top the group, while Germany need a win to secure advancement.
Now, he has expressed his deep sorrow and wrote in a tweet, "I would like to thank my beloved wife Kim for sharing our marriage.
“The reservation policy is not a law but it is illegal without passing it in the Cabinet without getting permission from the Governor so we must fight until we get our demand”.
Lajong, which is a new team in the tournament, did not play well on the opening day and it was also due to the lack of opportunity to play at home due to the state government and the sports department. The AIFF has not been able to complete the first ground Polo ground which has been selected by the AIFF to host the match this season.
The deceased were identified as Rev. Fr. Mathew Das, Parish Priest of Barama Parish, three Sisters of Fatima Convent, Barama including Sr.
It is said that the school was started 40 years ago through a farmhouse, a cow farm and now it has become as it is.
In a letter signed by the President of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills, Zosiama Thianglai and Secretary, Varmingthanga, they said that the relocation of the office to Latyrke has caused disruption in many activities. Block Office schemes especially in those remote villages which are still within the boundary of Saipung Sidarship, as these villages are now far from the Block Office which is now in Latyrke. , this has brought about the ease of implementation of schemes that will improve the income of the people of the area.
D.R.Michael Buam.
He said that the program was conducted so that all those who should benefit from the scheme should benefit.
Sounder Strong Cajee, TMC Mawkyrwat Constituency candidate, in his speech, said that at this time, we really need brave people like Tirot Singh, Kiang Nongbah and Sngap Sing Syiem. to protect the nation, not the borders, the fearful and the fearful who die many times and who raise their hands before the enemies destroy them.
Summarizing the Prime Minister's speech, Sitharaman said that as a country we are in a very difficult situation.
Speaking to media, Conrad said, “The biggest surprise was the victory of Madhya Pradesh.
Donkupar Sumer said that the defeat of the UDP candidate from Umsning constituency is because the UDP has removed his ticket just because he is rich.
Therefore, the government should take care to consider and investigate how to really develop this industry which is the richest industry in the state because if this industry increases the youth don't need to turn away. to government jobs because they have got various jobs from this tourism industry.
He said that the intention to pass a law on this issue is against the law and has a serious impact on the society.
Let us think and think for ourselves what will happen to the lives of our children if there will be no more plants and water supply? Can the wealth or the money we collect and save specifically satisfy the demand for food or the water supply? Even if we understand all this, it is still difficult to do so. Many of the living things that have been set apart by the Creator have disappeared and almost disappeared.
Temperatures from 60 degrees to 90 degrees Fahrenheit are suitable for this plant.
“The MDA government has already decided not to allow the opening of casinos in the state because it has heard and seen the opposition from many quarters,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong.
The festival started on the 2nd of July and ended with the breaking of colors at Tre Pyrda in Ialong.
Six persons have died from Nongkya village while two persons have died from two other villages.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the District authorities said that they are ready to deal with any incident and as authorized by the court, they will arrest them. troublemaker.
And when he had thus spoken, he shewed them his hands and his side.
In the case of JJM, we have taken stock by geo tagging all the water sources so that we can take the necessary measures”.
Russia's loss of generals in the war was reported to be the same as it had lost during World War II. Colonel Alexei Sharov was one of the most important generals. Russia's top 20 generals are believed to have been killed in the past few days. .
He urged the people not to be fooled by the words that speak clearly while the work does not agree, because there are many words without action.
However, since the issue was brought up in the Assembly by the MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum to amend the Reservation Policy, the Garo friends have raised their voices and the court has ordered that the Reservation Policy should be amended. implement the Roster System.
He said the immediate government has stood by the farmers and “will do for all their needs in relation to their problems in this situation”.
Marak was arrested on charges of kidnapping and torturing women.
At the same time, the College has also received assistance from the Rashtriya Uchchatar Shiksha Abhiyan (RUSA) and this has helped the College to provide better services to the students in the years to come.
On the 18th of October, there was a sound of gunfire at the TK Woodlands Resort in Ukhrul district from unidentified persons.
Parts of the NH-6 are maintained by the NHAI, but only the 7 km road is maintained by the PWD (Roads).
The Minister was accompanied by Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, PHE Minister Renikton Lyngdoh, Urban Affairs Minister Snaiwbhalang Dhar and Social Welfare Minister Kyrmen Shylla.
“Young people should seek assistance from the Arts and Culture Department and the MLA scheme has been allocated specifically for young people who have talent in the field of music,” said Bah Tariang.
“To Bengaluru or to other sports events, the State will take part,” the Minister replied.
Improper marriage or child marriage is a good thing in the lives of us young people of today who have many needs in all aspects because when we say children are not yet mature, they are not yet mature. They don't have their jobs, they don't know how to earn a living, they don't suffer, they don't have the ability to endure, and they don't have the perfect knowledge, which means they still lack in all aspects or from all sides and are not yet ready to build a bright family in the future.
The elderly man died shortly afterwards while his son is undergoing treatment for his injuries.
The State Government has also launched the STAR Talent Identification Program in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Olympic Association where about 200 children from across the state have been selected as the best athletes. you test in scientific methods.
The People's Choice Best Locality Award was awarded to the Dorbar Shnong Nongmensong and the Best Street Art Award was awarded to the Dorbar Shnong Wahingdoh. and the Best Street Art award went to the Laban Village Council.
With the renovation of the building, the Meghalaya High Court also aims to strengthen impartial justice and uphold the rights of the people.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 10: U MLA of Jirang Constituency, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun today visited Nongwah Mawtamur Village on the border issues before the second phase between the Meghalaya government and the government. Assam, the village leaders and elders of the village have urged the MLA to speak to the state government for the cleaning of the road to connect to the village of Nongwah Mawtamur.
The MP elections will be held in June or June this year.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 30: The District Sports Officer (DSO) through the District Sports Promotion Society (DSPS) has honored 60 winners. men and women of the district who have led the way in other places and also who have brought fame and glory through their reaching the goal of victory.
On this occasion, Jugli, who is the Asst Commissioner, said that the use of Aadhar number has been ordered by the authorities of the office.
Speaking to Mawphor, u Bah Sawkmie said, “I have sent questions to the government whether there is any intention to bring a resolution to the central government to stop the mining of uranium in the country. “It's not like I'm going to be able to answer this question because I have many questions,” said Bah Sawkmie. “Why didn't you ask this question? The State Government has decided not to allow uranium mining in the State but the Central Government is continuing to take measures on this issue especially as UCIL and Atomic Energy are still operating. Therefore, to clarify and decide that the mining of this mineral in the state has been suspended immediately, a resolution should be passed in the House as follows: and other requests.
The speakers who gave explanations to these village leaders included Samla Donald V. Thabah, General Secretary of KSU Sengkmie, Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, Chief Organizing Secretary of FKJGP Sengkmie, Bah LK Sawkmie. , Vice-President of the RBYF, Bah Marcus Marten, President of the HNYF in Ri Bhoi and other leaders of these four organizations in Ri Bhoi.
Three judges were selected including the Sordar of the village, the village elders and one NGO worker. , Pusla, Cake, Pakoda, Samosa, Momo, Biscuit and others.
The media will not accept any submission to defend any candidate or political party.
I am surprised that even a respected newspaper like Rupang has agreed to publish such an article.
“The announcement that MUDA has reduced its area to 50 sq km from 173 sq km does not mean that the Shillong Master Plan has been cancelled,” she said. Set up a department to look after these areas outside MUDA only those under the Master Plan.
The nine-year-old child from Mawlai Kynton Massar, died shortly after being stabbed by a tree on the 13th of June.
She said that Bah Antonio's departure from the party was sudden without any consultation with her, as a brother and the party that had raised him.
“We are pleased to announce that the Government has sent a letter to the committee regarding the gathering of all political parties to discuss the implementation of the Reservation Roster System. “It is interesting that the reservation policy has been included,” said Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang while speaking at the residence of the President of the party near the Additional Secretariat.
Therefore, he encouraged them to try to cultivate with pesticide-free fertilizers because these days people are more interested in pesticide-free fertilizers even if they have to buy at a reasonable price. .
Nongthymmai: The Crematorium in Nongthymmai Kyndiar is not well known.
Shillong, November 29: The Executive Members of the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) Meghalaya on 23rd November distributed leaflets on the party's principles and objectives in more places. the travelers were in the middle of the night.
This is one of the ways to improve the spelling of the Khasi languages.
In another photograph, Chinese rockets were deployed at Daulat Beg Oldie, near the Depsang valley in eastern Ladakh.
From the signs, it shows that no political party can win alone in terms of the number of MLAs. Therefore, the BJP, perhaps, has calculated that if it wins only 3 or 4 MLAs, it will demand that the Prime Minister should be from the BJP in collaboration with other parties who are ready to form a coalition government.
They were rushed to the Civil Hospital Shillong for serious injuries.
In this regard, an Incident Command Post, Medical Camp, Staging Area, Relief Camp and Base Camp have been set up at the SRGT Parking Lot and inside the 3rd Ground Polo.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 275 new cases have been confirmed and 1318 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang has also warned that if the Meghalaya Government does not listen to the demands of the residents of Umkiang area to improve the NH-6 in these days they will hold a protest by taking to the streets.
“Within the Khasi language there are many dialects such as War, Maram, Bhoi, the KHASI language is the mother tongue of these dialects.
This behavior only lasts for the first generation.
It is shocking how these drug dealers have tried to deceive the young school children.
At the same time, the MMSA has demanded that the State Government should review and review the Memorandum of Understanding signed between the Government of Meghalaya and the Public Health Foundation of India (PHFI).
However, the sad thing is that from such suspects, those who are involved in the accident are those who are stupid and have no protection.
The Committee has recommended that the new Legislative Assembly should be built near the Home Guards and Civil Defense office at Mawdiangdiang or nearby.
Dev said the BJP had promised in the 2014 elections to give 33 per cent share to women in Parliament and Assembly.
The price of diesel has risen to T.2.75 per liter in most cities of India, while the price of petrol has risen by T.2 per litre.
In Akshay's personal opinion, India is the country he has loved the most in his life and it is also the country that has made him famous and prominent as he is today.
This mixture is placed in a spayer called a spayer.
Rowel said the government will prepare to introduce a Bill on Rangbah Shnongs after consultation with political parties and the people.
Jowai, Jymmang 27 : The Hon. General Secretary of the West Jaintia Sports Association, Jowai, Lammat Laloo, today announced that the Association has invited all the Waheh Shnongs, Secretaries, Sports Secretaries and Affiliated Clubs within the West Jaintia Sports Association. , Jowai to come for renewal for the year
As part of the National Education Policy 2020 (NEP 2020), JNV, as one of the selected schools in the country, will conduct an awareness campaign on the NEP- 2020 in the District in the coming days including in three Block namely Thadlaskein, Laskein and Amlarem Block.
He urged the government to take action against social media which misleads the public by implementing the Broadcasting Code.
Prof., School of Crop Improvement, College of Post Graduate Studies in Agricultural Sciences, Umïam, Ri Bhoi while Vivek Kumar, Research Scholar, Department of Environmental Science, NEHU presented the paper 'Your Planet needs you – unite to combat climate change' '.
The kilanmet program has been held in Srinagar since November and 50 children have been invited after being selected from four zones including East, West, North, South and North-east.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The President of the Riwar Mihngi Exporters and Importers Association (RMEIA), Bah R. Lyngdoh and members of the Association have thanked the government officials for their assistance in resolving the issue related to the import of rice. mawshun to Bangladesh, which the company has been suffering from for more than two months.
Nongpoh: Many women from different villages in Umsning area, have left to accompany a foreigner, who is also an employee of Bandhan Company, who has been taken away by the Umsning Police. He was arrested by the RBYF when he entered a house in Syad-Rit village, Umsning.
Speaking to reporters, he said, “I don't understand what those High Levels are, I just get information from the media and the media should investigate the names of those High Levels. High Level so that the government can arrest them according to the rules of law.
In this struggle, the truth is my sword and only the truth is my support.
" Kong Mer said.
The FDP provides training to participants on various aspects of self-employment, such as preparation, planning for jobs as well as knowledge of laws and regulations and self-employment. , government support and scheme opportunities through MSME & DCIC, marketing and promotion, market understanding, and training institutions, and opening up opportunities for self-employment for entrepreneurs new.
Shillong, March 20: The Government is planning to separate the Judiciary from the Executive in two districts of the state and this will start next year.
About 32 illegally built farmhouses and several illegally built houses in the flood prone area of ​​the Yamuna River have been destroyed,” said Dwivedi.
The Rangbah, who was arrested by the police, confessed to the police that the pla belonged to his brother, who had a suloi license and he did not have a license. true license.
Greece, which neighbors Turkey, has acknowledged Erdogan's religious persecution.
The Waheh Shnong of Narwan, Ma Lamsuk Langstang, has expressed his concern over the impact of the Coke Factories near the village, which have affected the Sohñiamtra cultivation in the village. and the lyer that ringeth the soul.
At the same time, they also urged her to clarify if she has any reason against the new Dorbar Shnong which has led her to ignore the requests and needs of the village.
Explaining about his resignation from the BJP, Bah CB Syiem said that he has no reason against the party or anyone, but his resignation is due to himself. purely for his personal reasons.
Those who have left party A to party B, said that they want to see a change and they want a new leader who has many promises and who has done a lot of good to the supporters. baieid since the day he announced his candidacy for the election.
On the delivery of agricultural products, the Chief Minister said that it has been handed over to the BDOs and Magistrates to look into allowing the farmers to sell their products. There is a problem, at such a time of the spread of covid.
Khliehriat, March 06: The 1st Division Football Tournament of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) was held today at Deinchynrum Stadium, Khliehriat.
This is according to a statement by Gideon Kharkongor.
You cleaned, you cleaned when you started that car came alive.
In fact, the referees had ordered a kick from the penalty spot or a tie breaker, but the players of both teams decided not to play again in extra time.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 7 cases including 5 high risk cases and 2 random test cases.
Speaking to media, he said that today he had a meeting with the General Secretary in charge of the state, Luizinho Faleiro in which 18 out of 19 MLAs, Please participate in this discussion via Zoom Meeting.
Two months after the RAM announced in the media the need for a full time Publicity Secretary, today, September 2, 2021, the RAM after inquiring from Michelle Bachelet Jeria, Commissioner for Human Rights from the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, had the opportunity to talk to Michelle Bachelet Jeria.
Those who attended the meeting included former Syiem Paiem Laborious Manik S. Syiem, invitee, Dr. BS Syiem, Syiem of Khyrim Hima, Bah C. Lyngdoh, Doloi of Raliang District, Bah Puramon Kynjing, Acting Doloi of District. Jowai, Mr. H. Skhemlon, Mr. H. Skhemlon, Mr. E. Sutnga, Mr. Sutnga District Doloi, Mr. Wanphrang Lyngdoh, Mr. P. Rynjah, Mr. Lyngskor, Mr. Edward Kurbah, Mr. Marbisu District Secretary Sirdarship, Mr. M.Dhar, Acting Doloi of Shangpung District and Mr. Niandro Syiemiong, Syiem of Maharam Hima.
A few days after the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong said that the land fee for the construction of the Western Bypass Road has been too high, the Union of Village Authorities of Nongthliew Area together with the Hynniewtrep Village Authorities (UVHA) The A.chik National Movement (HANM) has sent a letter to the State Government to discuss the construction of the road from Mawmaram to Lad Umsaw in Umïam Ri-Bhoi District. The land acquisition cost will also be lower if the project is built on the same road.
No one can draft the Land Bill but only this EC has the approval of the Governor”.
LK Singh, District Co-Ordinator IE, SSA West Jaintia Hills, said that there are three schools which have been set aside for those children with disabilities. for children with mental retardation, hearing impairment, hearing impairment and schools related to those children with visual impairment.
After the removal of Bashemphang Thabah, the JAC also demanded that the KHADC should expedite the election to elect the full Lyngdoh of the Hima Sohiong so that the Khadar rule within the Hima can be established. Sohiong will continue to move forward.
Ma Nujorki Sungoh as an MLA has also done his duty to explain in the Assembly three times on the urgent need to set up an Outpost in Barato.
In response to a letter dated 31st July 2023 from the Prime Minister's Office, the term of MSCW which was appointed from 15th November 2021 has been extended from 18th July
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The 10 day Student Leadership Forum was held by the LTS Shillong Region at St. Edmunds Higher Secondary School, Shillong on Tuesday with the participation of about 300 students. from 7 schools within the Shillong district.
“And thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind: it is unclean.
Precious Muktieh scored the two goals in the first half after no goals were scored in the second half.
Although the JAC has given the VC until 13th November to remove the NEHU Consultant Rohit Prasad, the VC has insisted that Rohit cannot be removed without any reason.
He said that Guanajuato, which is the largest market with many factories and is also a home to Mexican tourists, is also a Mexican tourist destination. the most dangerous place in Mexico and the most frequently hit by such violence from time to time.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Congress on Saturday raised nine questions to the ruling BJP government in the central government on the work it has done in the last nine years. 2014 so far.
Besides taking five wickets yesterday and four in the first innings, Dippu also scored 9/7
“The ambition is both groups.
The UDP-WJH leaders handed over the list to the General Secretary of the State Election Committee of the party, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh at a meeting held in Shillong on Tuesday.
He explained that if they improve as before, only half-hearted repairs will not help the work of the MCCL factory and this will cause the problems of the workers to continue.
According to information received, this happened in parts of 19 Mer village at about 3 pm.
Robertjune Kharjahrin, President of the HYC Sengkmie said, “First of all, the HYC would like to express that these people should not forget the incident ha Ichamati, Mawlong District on the 28th of June This year, that the Benglai people have come out of the village to shoot and beat our Khasi fellow citizens, in which we have lost even the precious soul of a member of the Jaidbynriew, u Bah Lurshai New.
However, on the other hand, the victory or defeat of MLAs depends on how they perform in their constituencies.
The Sansard Aadarsh ​​Gram Yojna (SAGY) scheme, which is one of the schemes of the Central Government, has been awarded the title of Model Village. The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has launched a campaign to bring about economic development in the rural areas.
Referring to the students, the Principal urged the students to play hard and remember that they should have a spirit of respect for the sports, by giving an example of how much they have learned and Arjun Tendulkar, the son of one of the most famous cricketers in India, Sachin Tendulkar, who has played in the Indian Premier League, has been able to lead the team. Mumbai Indians match.
In the solo category, Daphishisha Kharbani won the prizes. Prizes were also awarded to the runners-up and in the consolation prizes in both categories.
“In turn, the leaders have announced again to elect new candidates, but we as employees are working, but the sad thing is that some of these candidates are sure to win, but their confusion “We have lost the majority of MLAs from the Congress party in 2018 and we have only 21 seats”.
Therefore, he urged all the Khasi-Jaintia MLAs and all the ethnic parties to read the Reservation Policy before approving the decision of the government.
The main products of Langdongdai village are the various crops mentioned above but most of the crops are for self consumption.
I appeal to all colleges, we should remember the goal of why we are here, we are here now to serve our fellow human beings,” he said.
“The districts where no cases have been lodged under the NDPS are Mairang, Willamnagar, Rusugalpara and South West Garo Hills Ampati,” he said. There are 76 police stations in the state and out of these 18 police stations have lodged cases under the MDPS which we need to look into carefully, so that we can eradicate drug trafficking in the state”.
Speaking to reporters, Khade said the seizure of drugs and other illegal beverages amounted to T.34.29 crore, 16.61 lakh liters of liquor worth T.33.44 crore and cash. T.25.40klur along with gold, silver and other precious metals, which amounted to T.3.68klur.
The “Help them – in their moment of need” group, which is a WhatsApp group, has been able to raise a donation to help two families in need.
He said that in these days, the insurgency has become more stable due to the strong action of the police and the threat of the GNLA to blow up bombs if they do not stop harassing them, shows that they have faced problems.
The Government should build a sub-centre at Langpih as the proposal has been sent and also allocate funds for the Mawsyrpat Sub-Centre where the building should be constructed as approved.
After this, Friend Utd tried to fight back.
He encouraged the JCCC to continue to improve in the training of job seekers and in support of the Center, Wailadmiki donated nearly 1 lakh tyngka for the needs.
a) The conversion of the signboard of the Sohra Civil Sub-Division to the office of the Deputy Commissioner and the same applies to other government offices.
These two MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) had also contested on the Congress ticket in the last election, but failed to reach the goal.
He said that Dr. Mukul Sangma has made unfounded allegations and this shows the failure of the opposition leader.
It is learned that there are some MLAs of the party who want to take over the post of party leader in place of Dr Donkupar Roy but talks between the party members are ongoing.
He said the government lacks staff especially doctors and will try hard to meet the needs of the patients and equipment.
S.Tariang scored the first goal for Nangkiew in the 42nd, 55th minute while P Nongkhlaw scored the second goal for Nongrim Hills in the 69th minute.
Bah Titos said that this resolution is very important and it is a wake-up call to all to stand up to protect the land and the residents.
“We have released these 22 trucks after talks with the DC of EJH, but from tomorrow we will not allow any coal trucks to come from Assam to EJH,” said Helping. Guwahati: Four more people have been confirmed with coronavirus in Assam, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
Dr Mukul Sangma will now contest from the two constituencies of Ampati and Songsak constituency led by NPP MLA Nihim D Shira.
He alleged that these people did not think about other land owners just because they were happy with themselves.
Pyniaid, MDC from Sohryngkham, won the byelection from Mawryngkneng in 2021 as an MLA, and today he went to file his nomination papers to contest the election again.
On the other hand, the union urges the government to provide a library auditorium in Nongstoiñ and to build a suitable office for the intelligent youth to study and seek information. details about the things written from ancient times in the books kept in the library are easy to read.
He said that if people with disabilities want to get adequate training, they have to go to Bangalore, Delhi and they don't want to come back here because the facilities are available in the north especially in the workplace. you jam.
He said that after he personally visited Mukhroh, to condole with the families of the bereaved, the party has also given money to donate to the four families and demanded from the The State Government shall not provide government jobs to the members of those families affected by this disaster.
Shillong: Two leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKJGP) have been summoned to appear before the Sadar Police Station on Tuesday. .
It is available as a book and the recorded sleep songs can be listened to on the Tyn-re YouTube Channel.
The VIP didn't have a siren until the battery ran out and when he turned back (Jerobad) the officer left for Shillong for a meeting in Delhi.
Finally, before I conclude, I would like to request you who read this article to avoid alcohol and also to advise and encourage your children, brothers and sisters in the family. I urge all my fellow human beings to refrain from violence and to fight against alcohol as our greatest enemy and destroyer.
The Indian economy is in dire straits these days.
“There are more than 6800 villages in the state and almost all these villages have water monitoring teams and if there is any water problem we ensure that these The groups shall take action in this regard, to work with the State Government, as well as the Heads of District and Block Administrations and take the necessary measures for the benefit of all and without environmental impact. and ensure operation from the ground up".
The District authorities of West Karbi Anglong and Ribhoi District held a meeting to bring peace and stability in the area on 26-8-2021 and at this meeting the two DC's agreed not to implement any development schemes. 144 Crpc has been imposed in Umlaper area, that no one should come from Assam or Meghalaya to this village, but it has become clear. Assam does not believe in this.
If we turn back to the history of Hynniewtrep and Hynniewtrep, the era of Diengiei (the era of Pap ka Sang) will come again.
The agricultural products produced by the Khasi include jhur, cattle, pigs, rice and others.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 11: Wasa Football Club Jowai beat Aphuyemi Football Club 1-0 in the Quarter Final of the Mawlangwir Sports Club of Nagaland. South West Khasi Hills District at Madan Rowell Lyngdoh Stadium.
It is true that many politicians in the world have said that if there are many National Parties, the opportunity will be for the National Parties but the question is whether they are ready or not to unite.
Studies also show that women lose strength quickly as they get older and newborns are known to have weak bones.
The failure to complete the project is due to the lack of attention and hard work of the office of the SDO Umsning Sub-Division.
The lives of the people in the rural areas would have been very difficult without the NGOs from any religious organizations and church groups who volunteer to serve and lead the country. to improve the income of the people in the rural areas.
Besides the celebrations in different districts, a larger celebration was held in Shillong at the Soso Tham Auditorium, where the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Dr RC Laloo was the chief guest. Government Ministers such as M Ampareen Lyngdoh, Roshan Warjri, Chief Secretary KS Kropha and others.
To change the language or change the jutang is not only a food and a change of language and jutang right but it is also a death sentence and a threat to their future, to their family if they do shisha like that.
QC Springside Higher Secondary School, the winner, won a cash prize of 10,000 thousand tyngka and HK Singh Memorial Secondary School, the runners-up, won a cash prize of 10,000 tyngka. 5000 thousand rupees.
Pray for good health, wealth and prosperity so that others can share the same benefits and blessings.
The Nucleus Pig Farm was inaugurated by Prestone Tynsong, Chief Secretary to the Chief Minister, in the presence of Jason Sawkmie Mawlong, MLA. Umsning, Additional Chief Secretary, CD Lyngwa, Dr KB Sahkhar, Deputy Director of AHP, senior government officials from various government departments and elders of the area.
The dumasla has some enemies in the field.
The aim is to abolish secularism and make India a country of one religion, one culture, one language and one law.
Kabul: A massive bomb explosion occurred near a girls' school in Kabul yesterday.
Regarding the age of the MLAs, 2 MLAs are between 25 to 30 years old, 15 between 31 to 40 years old, 20 between 41 to 50 years old, 18 between 51 and 60 years old, 3 between 61 to 70 years old and someone between 71 to 80 years old.
Inderpreet Kaur is Mann's first wife.
The ECI has distributed to the political parties a letter on the issues related to the employees, the implementation of the Model Code of Conduct, the ensuring confidentiality of the vote cast, the provision of Polling Agents for the identification of voters, the implementation of polling in rural areas and the counting of votes and other issues.
Senior lawyers, including Mukul Rohatgi, Maninder Singh, KV Vishwanathan, Kaustav Paul, Amit Kumar and Chinmoy Sharma, represented the Meghalaya government as well as the mining traders. the appeal against the decision of the High Court.
Modi said this while addressing the 91st session of Mann Ki Baat.
Sometimes we see in this age, that there are those who are righteous, who are difficult to reveal to the world as true gods, but they have the ability to deceive the wicked. These kinds of creatures don't want to thank the Lord the Creator who brought them to this world to earn the right. Those who speak against these speakers say, U INGKHONG SHYLLANG MAT. They said, YOU see that the bapli came to this world to earn the right, and the Lord the Creator blessed him until he He has spent billions of dollars, as if he were going to build a house, even though his income is very different from the job he does.
The topics of discussion will be discussed at the meeting.
“If the government finds that its officers are not performing their duties properly, it should impose severe punishment," he said.
“This is the first time that Rahul has met with his prime ministers to decide that he will not be able to lead the party after it won only 52 seats in the last elections.
Puducherry started their second innings, tied for 67 runs and out alone (behind Meghalaya by 70 runs) after 47 overs.
He said the HLC is still discussing the Themmetor issue and the issue is still alive; The HLC has not slept and has not given up, but is still looking for ways and means to address this issue.
After the discussion, the UDP leaders and office bearers in Lapalang Unit decided to leave the party because they do not agree with the decision to join hands with the NPP especially in the elections, these two parties They were afraid of each other but as soon as the election was over, they came to the same house to work together.
A total of 2,023 people have died in the past 24 hours, bringing the death toll to 1,82,553, the health ministry said.
He said that if there is any wrongdoing by the four wheelers, the people should come forward to complain to the government and it will take the necessary action, because the driving of four wheelers is to serve the people. the public.
They were taken to Laitumkhrah Police Station for further questioning and legal action.
There are also pictures, showing that Rahul, eating with these fishermen, where he eats a piece of fish and a shonglieng.
The office of the Superintendent of Police West Jaintia Hills District has urged anyone who has information about Marsanki to come forward within 2 days or to call Addl.Superintendent of Police: 8132097333, O/C Jowai Police Station: 98630-66563, Jowai Pcr No: 9774065467/
, Muzaffarpur Bihar.
Speaking at a meeting of the supporters of Weilyngkut constituency in Sohiong, he urged the supporters to encourage others who are still in doubt not to misunderstand.
Varma also explained that the ability to turn an idea into action cannot happen overnight, but it is a long journey that requires advocacy among many experts, gifts. mind, to implement and hard work.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The BJP is the first party in the MDA government to inspect the construction of the Inter State Bus Terminal (ISBT) in Mawïong.
Moonlight, who has been an MDC of JHADC for three terms and has contested three times in the MLA election but has not yet won the election, has decided to contest again. This is the reason why Jowai Constituency has been affected in all aspects.
Shillong, June 24: A 10-month workshop on how to treat tuberculosis was held at the NEC Auditorium, NEC Secretariat, Shillong.
Shillong: On the eve of the 170th death anniversary of Thomas Jones, the father of the Khasi alphabet, the Primary School Teachers Association (APSTA) has come to NEIMA to donate. children's Home Provide food items along with copies of books, and others.
MATGESA was established in 1980 with the aim of working for the welfare of the farmers of the state.
The Chairman and the first Members of the Committee are Prof. GSwell, Deputy Speaker Lok Sabha Vice Chairman PR Kyndiah. and A.K.Shahoo.
This means that they have gained a monopoly or that there are no other contractors to compete against them in the tender for the construction of the road.
In the singles shooting competition, Bankerlang Kharduit of Mylliem Hima and Batskhem Ïawphniaw of Mylliem Hima came to win the title. second and third places of this competition.
If the time comes, I'll have to find a job to be happier,” said Halbert and took back the shawlia. “It's your job that's really hard for you because you have to work hard and you've lost everything.
Haavell also manufactures miniature circuit breakers (MCBs).
Shillong, March 07: Speaking at the first Executive Council Meeting of the North Eastern Council (NEC) in New Delhi on Tuesday, the Minister of State for Child Development and Chairman of the NEC, u Dr Jitendra Singh welcomed the new NEC Member CK Das, DoNER Secretary Ameising Luikham and the new NEC Secretary Ram Muivah.
Speaking to media afterwards, Prestone said that during the meeting, they discussed many issues related to the development of cooperation and rapprochement with Japan. .
Quoting from the writing of Pastor Kysroi, it was said that before the last group of missionaries left for their country in 1969, the management of the hospital was arranged and handed over to the Dr EC Syngkon as Senior Medical Officer and Dr SP Sen Gupta as Chief Medical Officer.
The Nongpoh MLA said that according to the poster written in Assamese which he tried to translate into English and which needs to be verified first, it says that the poster is written in Assamese. The group has warned the Christian Missionaries to stop converting schools into churches, the obligation according to the duties of citizens of India as enshrined in clause 51 A of the Constitution of India, to remove the seals of religious beliefs and customs from schools and to stop the attempt to destroy the old knowledge and customs of the country by taking advantage of them as minorities.
Prahshant Kishore is from Bihar and has worked with the UNP in the field of health research.
“There are 13,000 teachers who have already been selected and fully appointed, and regarding the contract teachers who have lost their jobs, we cannot promise them to I don't know, because I don't have a contract.
Listen carefully 1) Babu Bais ton (Ong Ladia without slip) weighs 47 tons. 2) Babu Khali Kari weighs 25 tons and 3) Babu Mera company weighs 35 tons.
Shillong: It will be a memorable day in the history of Garo Hills that the second Raj Bhavan in the State has been inaugurated by the Governor of Garo Hills Phagu Chauhan on Thursday. corner online.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle (HYC) Shillong Unit on Tuesday held a meeting with the management of Jio and Airtel companies in Shillong regarding the network failure. time within the region.
Look at slander as fertilizer that nourishes a plant.
Regarding the BJP's threat to send an inquiry into corruption in Meghalaya by the Rtd.Judge of the Supreme Court, the NPP leader said he is not happy because it is a promise they made in this election to do.
Your mind is right; India includes many different ethnic groups, from Punjabis, Maharashtrians, Biharis, Oryas, Gujarathis, Tamils, Karalites, Bengalis, Assamese and so on, to Arunachalis, Tripuris. , Mizo, Naga, we are Khasi and still very numerous, who speak their own languages ​​and worship their own religions in different ways.
Before concluding, we have two issues that we are concerned about and that undermine the unity of the Jaitbynriew: (i) the misconception that Meghalaya has three major tribes (ii) the use of the name Khasi-Jaiňtia. instead of the Khasi name.
“That’s their (Opposition’s) soul sickness, it’s by choice.
At the same time, the HYC urged the police to use their skills and knowledge to conduct the investigation to provide justice to the people.
Poonam Sinha, wife of Congress leader Shatrughan Sinha, will contest against Home Minister Rajnath Singh.
The final will be held on Saturday (3-6-2023), in the presence of Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA Laban Constituency as the chief guest and Isawanda Laloo, IAS, Director of Sports & Youth Affairs as the chief guest. you are the symbol.
According to information, the reason for the construction of this road is because there has been an urgent action by the state government because even though it has not been able to take over all the land for the construction of this road, tender.
Mukoilum Village is actually still within Meghalaya, and this area is also part of the Disputed Area, but the Assam Government has refused to set up a Police Outpost in this area for many years. It is like allowing Assam to secure this land for itself.
Earlier, those who took part in the discussion included Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie, Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh, North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum and others.
The Football Committee of the NDSA has announced that the match on Thursday in the Super Division will be between Tiehrit FC and Upper New Nongstoiñ at 2:05 pm. evening to the YC Headquarters.
The body of the Father was carried away with music and mourning especially by the Catholic faithful.
“This requires creativity.
Bah Roning Nongkynrih (32) of Jalynteng village was shot dead by BSF troops while carrying cows in a truck on Thursday night.
“The residents of these villages have had to stay in their homes and those affected households have had to flee to their neighbours' houses.
She said that men can donate blood once every three months and up to four times a year.
For the final, Meghalaya will have to wait for Nagaland or Arunachal Pradesh to play in the semi final.
The delegation was led by KSU General Secretary Donald Thabah and Chairman Education Cell Readyon Stone Nongrum.
The union led by Asst Secretary Pynshai Kupar Dkhar and met with the Branch Manager of SBI Ladrymbai to work with the union by conducting public hearings on these issues. East Jaintia Hills District including school children, college students, women and the elderly.
Jowai, Naiwieng 10: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya (IAS) today handed over and released copies of the Draft Electoral Roll to the Leaders of four Constituencies including the Jowai, Nartiang, Raliang and Mowkaiaw Constituencies.
Replying to a question by North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum in the House, Conrad said, “The government will examine the demand to increase the age limit from 32 to 45 years for those who will appear for the MCS examination".
On the other hand, Bah Kharshiing said that the Association has not asked for any money for the accommodation but has only asked for food, mattress and blanket. The rainfall causes problems in these residential areas that are not used every year.
Faster Kharpuri, General Secretary of the HNYF Shillong Region, said that the HNYF Shillong Region has seized these trucks carrying cows to Bangladesh.
Tel Aviv, March 12: The Israel Defense Force (IDF) today recovered several bodies of Jews who were shot dead by Hamas militants, including 40 children and the Children whose heads were cut off.
This is just a small comparison to show the difference between the leaders of Sikkim and Meghalaya.
This bill has pleased the Khasi, because it is to preserve the uniqueness of the Khasi and not to make Khasi the children of non-Khasi fathers.
Have they improved the roads? Have they ensured that the hospitals are clean and have doctors every day? Does the public have access to vaccines? Do the PHCs have X-ray machines and other facilities so that they can diagnose the disease and give medicine accordingly? Do the MLAs visit the schools to see if the the teacher came to teach; whether school facilities such as toilets are adequate and so on.
that was evident when the fig tree helped Zacchaeus to see Jesus.
During the elections, those who have a degree are also invited.
He said that these applications will be sent to the State Election Committee for approval and this has been done in accordance with Article 18 Clause of the Constitution of the UDP. Those who are still waiting are from 3-Raliang and 7-Amlarem constituencies.
Jowai, July 25: Krai is one of the indigenous crops which is on the verge of extinction in many parts of Khasi Jaintia Hills.
“We are very sorry to find that this checkpoint is very slow in its operation and that there is no Inter-state Migrant Workers in the state. ) Act 2011 and also the MRSSA 2016, which has been seen to be not working anywhere,” said Samla Lester Nongbet.
Shillong: The contractors of the PHE department have written to the Chief Engineer KD Talukdar requesting him to increase the SOR (Scheduled Rates) if the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GWS) resumes. Phase-II was suspended in 2013-14 due to the lack of authority by the PWD to run the pipes on the road.
He gave an example that if 100 people donate land and one doesn't, the project will end or fail.
Surja Banerjee accepted the medical report and decided to pay the expenses of Bah Bareh which was T.9460 which in fact was T.14,0
The District Level Inter School Subroto Cup Football Tournament organized by the District Sports Officer (DSO) will start on July
Furthermore, our nation needs representatives who work for the improvement of society in all aspects, not only such volunteers who appeal to the voters in this way especially during elections. to gain support and votes.
There are 16 groups in the final round which will be divided into four groups.
“It is impossible for the blood of bulls and goats to take away sins.
After the MDA government took over, the factory has stopped operating properly, as the government has no intention of improving or resuming the operation of the factory.
In South West Garo Hills, one case is high risk and in North Garo Hills, there is one case.
On the other hand, the Director of Commerce and Industry, MB Roy, said that at present there is no permission to open a new LCS, regarding the Kalibali to reopen the LCS. said there was no such plan yet.
