All Villages and Villagers should not be left without help if a household is affected by this disease.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the government is ready to continue the peace talks with the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) within the guidelines laid down by the Ministry. of Home Affairs (MHA).
She did not have any serious illness during the days of treatment. “From the third day of treatment, she showed signs of recovery, and on the seventh day, the ring Dr Debomallya Bhuyan, HOD Department of Internal Medicine, said: “My oxygen supply has been reduced to 20 liters and within two months I have recovered completely.” .
The SRDF team first recovered the body of Bah Seiborlang Jaktung (bam kwai ha Dwar u Blei) who was the driver of the vehicle, on the evening of 15th June 2023, along with the With the help of the residents, the body was brought back at about 9 pm and handed over to the police.
Speaking at a meeting held at Tpep Pale Hall, BJP President West Jaintia Hills District, Rajen Gohain said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi is moving forward to make India a country. as a new country.
The members of the FKJGP Mawshynrut Pyllun were confirmed by Bah B. Langrin, former president of FKJGP Mawshynrut Pyllun. Kening Lyngdoh as general secretary, Tobia Nongmin as treasurer and about 50 other members.
Referring to the constituency, she said, “I don't have a single college and when I was a member of this government I didn't get a single community college. ruling party to join the larger party.
HS Shylla, CEM, said that the KHDA will win the election as it now has 17 MDCs and it is also the first time that rules 33(1) has been used in the election. The KHADC shall elect the Deputy Chairman on the opening day of the District Council.
The winners in the category of 8 to 12 years old include Sriya Rani Das, 11 years old from Oxford Secondary School Ladrymbai, who won the first prize; Wankitkupar Suchiang, 12, of Lumthymme English Medium LP School, came second prize and Evercareme Siangshai, 12, of Pamra Paithlu, came third.
The awards ceremony was also held for the winners of the Slogan Competition, Drawing Competition, and especially for Out of School Children (OoSC) and Child with Special Care (NwSC).
The least paid people is our Khasi people which is known as the Khasi people which includes all – Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi and War: it is the paid Khasi baiar.
The survey was initiated by the Infinite Solution team from November 15, 2023 and the target is to complete it within three months.
On the other hand, Assam has alleged that these border residents have also seized 3 kilometers of land in the Medlichhara Forest Reserve in Patharkandi Assembly Constituency.
The Public Prosecutor shall be appointed by the Government in consultation with the High Court.
It is the duty of the legislators to advocate for the constituencies and districts of Ri-Lum Garo in terms of development.
Instead of these three MDCs, the CEM will appoint Latiplang Kharkongor, an independent MDC from KHNAM, one from the HSPDP and one from the UDP. The decision on who will be the EM between the two parties has been left to the party.
One of the reasons why the Garo want to annex more than 160 Lyngngam villages in West Khasi and South West Khasi Hills to include them in their Garoland is the stupidity of the Khasi themselves. The Lyngngam were transferred to the Garo Hills, which was the land of the Diko.
It is necessary to have a Landlord Regulation in the pricing of houses especially with the aim of helping to reduce the burden of mothers. father of the students and also to ensure that the construction of the building should be appropriate and does not interfere with the students to concentrate on their studies.
After this dispute, the matter was settled among themselves and all the groups returned to their homes.
Brazil has reported 1,311 deaths in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of deaths to 84,0
According to a survey conducted by GINOVEDA in 8 cities of North East, more than 500 people participated.
Lamedaki Rymbai, 24, who was an intern at GNRC Hospital, Guwahati, has been missing since 2nd June
According to the 2009 resolution, Ma Vincent won 107,868 votes against John F Kharshiing of the UDP, while this time he won only 40,379 votes against Pastor. PBM Basaiawmoit who came second.
Shillong: U Pyntngen Syngkli, 35, resident of Mawlai Motsyiar Block B-II, has not returned home since he left Mawlai Motsyiar Block B-II. at home on Wednesday at 5 o'clock in the evening.
He said that this will be taken up in the dorbar to be held soon in the state.
Referring to Article 191 of the Constitution, Bah Pynshngain said that this article clearly states that a person can lose his membership if he is a member of the Legislative Assembly or the Legislative Council of the State. if he holds office within the beneficiary departments of the Government of India or in the areas specified in the First Schedule or other offices notified by the Legislative Assembly of the State.
Many people, some political parties and political parties also support the VPP's decision. The 40-40 share for the Khasi and Garos is not equal because they are the most paid ethnic groups. Hynniewtrep.
The High Court has requested the state government to submit a detailed report within four months.
The RBYF Western Zone President, Bah Active Pator, who has taken the foreigner to hospital, said that the foreigner, who has just returned from Kerala, has been taken to hospital. The reason why he took the man to the Civil Hospital was after he had talked to him, because according to the man, he said that he did not pass through the screening. don't have 13mer.
In a letter sent to the DC, the KSU requests the DC to remove these illegal immigrants from the area who have created trouble and committed many crimes. the community and the society.
The CEM also strongly criticized the JAC of Sohiong Hima for alleging that the CEM and the EM incharge Elaka have auctioned the land of Nongwah to Jirang is misleading. “We cannot auction any land here, because we don't have land and we only have to confirm the decision of the Hima,” he added.
Through the implementation of the project in seven states of the North East namely Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland and Tripura; Mobile users can now report mobile theft online at www.ceir.
“From tomorrow, one day in the urban areas, we will deliver to the villages where the village shops will sell through the district administration in collaboration with the village authority. buy in the next 21 days,” said Prestone.
Shillong: Although the Christmas season is usually a busy season for traders, shopkeepers, food vendors and others working in trade or factories, during these busy times, The influx of shoppers to various markets has been very high, but despite the three-day curfew for the state to celebrate Christmas, the entire market has been closed. in Williamnagar, shops were closed due to protests by some demanders and also due to lack of security forces inside the market areas.
It is worth mentioning a little bit about the siatkhnam that the Khasi people of the past have played in the holy age. The siatkhnam is a traditional game of the Khasi which is called the “Rongbiria u Khasi”. These days they have almost disappeared and there are only a few places where this game is still played such as the siat team at Polo or Shillong Teer and some at various festivals. different made by the government.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 13 : Although education is one of the goals of the government to improve the youth and schools in the state, many schools in the rural areas are facing serious problems due to the neglect of education. and disseminate education to children as light bearers, due to the government's lack of attention to school buildings, adequate classrooms, teachers, and requirements according to the rules that schools must have.
They should have looked into this matter from the law enforcement agencies so that they should not be misled by the money authorities without looking into the rights of the people,” she added. “I am ready to go to jail even if it is a hundred times, I don't hesitate when I stand on the ground for the rights of the people”.
Speaking to reporters, the MDC urged the government to take action so that these villages can get a proper road like other villages.
Kharkrang encouraged the people to cooperate with the police in order to prevent crime from happening in the state and to make Shillong a clean state.
The police station was built by the Assam government, and the district administration of West Jaintia Hills District recently suspended the construction of the police station by the Assam government on the 21st of this month.
So far, 89,987 people have been admitted to hospital and 71,105 have recovered.
Similarly, in UP, State Minister Danish Azad Ansari, who is also a Muslim, said he would set up a committee to look into the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code.
Rupang received a reply that the water is sufficient for use and disposal.
(Matt. 24:3-8) The apostle Paul said that the days leading up to the coming of the Lord would be critical times hard to deal with.
It is necessary to remove misunderstandings about the effects of Electromagnetic Field Radiation (EMR) emitted from various sources, especially mobile BTS antennas and mobile phones.
“We will wait until the 16th of June to appeal after the MP election vote is counted,” said Bah Kharshiing.
Zero then came out of the house and ran to stand behind
Some of the residents said that the landslide in the area has lasted for many hours which can cause danger at any time to the passengers from the landslide which can also cause tragic incidents.
Lajong had many chances to score but due to the stinginess of the forward players they failed to push the club which is at the bottom of the table.
Therefore, the Lama of the country also occupies a special place in the minds of the people.
In the match which was played at the 3rd Ground, Polo, both the teams played strongly from the start.
“When Meghalaya was created in 1972, the number of non-natives in the State was about 20%.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 23: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) on Saturday renewed its office bearers of the Nongstoiñ Pyllun. The swearing-in ceremony of the party was held at the office of the party in Nongstoiñ.
Admitting that commercial vehicles have to pay a lot of tax, Bah PT Sawkmie said the government should think carefully about the problems they face.
“There are also reasons like this year that the screening has not arrived until late at night, because there are schools where if we do it again on one day, there will be problems in the travel expenses of the schools. .
Mondal said the circular will also be for all private households across the state.
Unfortunately, we don't know whether the person we elect tomorrow will be the true legislators or the protectors of the nation or whether they will be just selfish.
David said the Congress had also predicted the MP elections but when the time came the Congress won only 44 MPs and could not lead the opposition. too.
He said the state government urges the central government to take action to work with Bangladesh to promote trade development activities for the benefit of both sides.
The KSU has also received information that last night in Laitumkhrah, the riots broke out due to the unjustified assault by the Dkhars on the Khasi children.
Shillong: The bridge to Maweit, which falls under Wahlyngdoh village, has collapsed and has endangered the traffic in the area.
He spent so much money that he didn't have any tomorrow.
In addition to those who were brutally shot dead, many were abducted to parts of Gaza.
Before becoming the Apostle Paul, Saul was one of the Jewish leaders who was full of hatred and hatred for non-Jews and who persecuted the followers of Jesus.
Biam said that these worst parts of the road are used by the students of Khliehriat Higher Secondary School and Holy Family English School.
U Bah W.Lytan, 52 years old, will be buried on the 8th of November at the Presbyterian Church Pohkseh.
The hospital has trained doctors such as Dr. Banhiam Carey Kharngi (Fellowship in Accident and Emergency Department), Dr. Banteilang Nonglang (MS Ortho, CMC Vellore), Dr. R. Nongrum. (MS Surgery), Dr.I.Syiemlieh (MS Surgery), Dr.Kenneth R.L.Nongpiur (MS Surgery,MCH Pediatric Surgery), Dr.Meban Aibor Kharkongor (MD Medicine), Dr.Ibakordorshisha  Sun (DCH from CMC Vellore), Four trained nurses from CMC Vellore, Sr Banricity Mond, Sr Aibabiang Dkhar, Sr Lana Careen Dorphang and Sr Ibandarishisha Dohtdong.
The Joint Action Committee Fencing of Borders Hungaria through its president Marshall SB Biam said that they have requested the list of 63 citizens of Hungary who should receive the compensation as well as the price that the government intends to pay. They are still waiting for a reply from the district administration.
“It is better for me to be a man than to be a religion”.
I will ask for more answers regarding how (the drug treatment funds) are spent," he said.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 83886 out of which 82078 have recovered and 1459 have died.
Students of JNV Nongstoin West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday took part in the live streaming Pariksha PeCharcha program, which was held at Talkatora Stadium, New Delhi.
However, he has not decided whether to contest against another MDC of Laban, Bah Sanbor Shullai, who has said that those who have resigned after the ban on two terms should be re-elected as MDCs. who is currently an MLA and MDC of Mawsynram.
Dr. Judita Syiemleih from Rotary International gave a speech on “Leadership for Adolescents”. National Vice President of JCI India JC Ankur Jhunjhunwala spoke on the different levels of leadership and how to become a leader. the leaders.
The NPP led by the MDA Government has nominated Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA East Shillong Constituency and Minister. The State Government, the RDA (UDP-HSPDP) in collaboration with the MDA Government nominated by Bah Robert June Kharjahrin, the Voice of the People Party (VPP) nominated by Dr. Ricky J. Syngkon.
He said the VPP will contest the election alone without any alliance with other political parties.
“However, we have tried our best to ensure that the power outage will not exceed the current one,” he said.
He said that language is the foundation and said that whether Hindi is used or that Hindi is the language of India, it is misleading.
“Tennydard's allegations are untrue and unfounded because the truth is that he is a strong supporter and leading candidate of one of the candidates fighting against the “It was also he (Tennydard) who went around the constituency and announced what I have done in the last five years for the constituency.
On the 26th November, the party held a similar rally at Pasadwar.
Last month, Russia fought as hard as it could to damage all of Ukraine's power plants, leaving many Ukrainian cities without electricity and residents of These cities had to stay in darkness and suffer the cold throughout the month.
“I am speaking clearly that if the government is concerned, only government employees should be transferred to their quarters and those who are illegally occupying should be expelled,” he said.
“On the day of the Chief Minister's return to Shillong, he will meet with the Chief Minister of Assam to prepare for the visit. “I will set up a Regional Committee to prepare for the second phase of the border settlement talks,” he added.
We hear from all over the world, that those who do not believe in the “MAHAM”, when they get sick they get sick.
Dr Norman Tunnel Hospital has received an ultrasound machine and an anesthesia workstation.
Currently in power in Delhi and Punjab, the AAP has contested candidates including Nan Singh Nawde (Sendhwa), Dilip Singh Guddu (Deotalab), Varun Ambedkar (Mangawan), Umesh Tripathi (Mauganj), Varun Gujjar Khatik (Raigaon), Usha Kol (Manpur), Ratibhan Saket (Devsar), Anand Mangal Singh (Sidhi), Amit Bhatnagar (Bijawar), Bhagirath Patel (Chhatarpur), Subodh Swami (Nagda-Khachrod) ), and Deepak Singh Patel (Rewa).
Furthermore, it is said that a Tham ramhah which is as big as a Jeep used to come out of the Bir during the month.
She said that she has also been selected as the Ambassador of Mega Star Production.
In a letter sent by MMSA President Dr Y Phira, they have requested for an inquiry into the unfounded allegation by the IIPH management against the DHS (MI) which is merely an allegation to defame him.
This shows that the work of a person does not depend only on his will, to work or not to work, with unpaid wages.
This happened at Kynton, Upper Shillong, this morning at 1 pm while they were sleeping.
He said that the service is one where we cannot escape from the challenges in many ways.
In one day, the shipment of cubes will be about 15 tons per day.
ASHAs are also key workers in building and improving health and healthcare in the State.
Shillong: Laitiam is a village in the Seven Sister Fall Valley.
A case has been registered against the driver and two persons.
He said the CEC has decided to continue the protest against the MUA-II Government's rejection of the demands of the party which has been submitted to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma since 23rd June, but the Government did nothing.
As another youth said, education and not that we are all educated is right.
The letter of the Regional Officer needs to clarify regarding the areas involved, where the court has not seen any signs regarding any roads which can be repaired until the 15th of this month. April 2023 , and that the temporary maintenance for the entire 57 km of road should be completed by 15 November
Nongstoiñ: After receiving many complaints and complaints from the residents of Nonglang area regarding the negligence of the staff and doctors of the PHC in Nongstoiñ, the MDC of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, Bah Bajop Pyngrope on Thursday last month visited the PHC. During the inspection, the MDC of Rambrai Jyrngam was surprised to find that the PHC is empty and clean. The doctor's room was empty and locked and there were only one or two patients without doctors and nurses. .
Shillong: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) on Tuesday held a meeting to confirm the party's office bearers for this year.
The club would like to express its gratitude to the fans of the club and this time Ryntih SC requests for the support of the people of the state, as they have always helped to support during the match. SPL in 2019 to come together to help encourage the club in the I-League.
However, he said that the most important need is the road, because if there is no adequate road, even if the products of the area are many, it doesn't make sense, because they stay only inside the village but to transport. to the islands is not possible because of the lack of roads.
Their view on politics in the state and the country is that it should be entered or accepted by those who have completed their education.
These volunteers said that this action of the government is like a violation of their rights which they are entitled to receive. They will continue this protest until they get their rightful demands within this month.
Their grievances are also the grievances of the nation as a whole.
Meanwhile, the leader of MSSASA, Bah Aristotle Rymbai, announced that if the State Government does not release their salaries and implement other demands of the union within the 30th, In April 2021, the union will hold another strike in which the teachers will take a two-day leave from the 1st of April
Mawphor, during a recent inspection, found that the road to Lumtongseng and Sakhri is still a dirt road and even during the rainy season, most of the parts of the road are covered with snow. They have been damaged and collapsed, and the vehicle has to fall out of the water to escape to the other side to reach these villages. to take the sick to hospitals, as well as to deliver agricultural products to markets.
The Israeli army has released a photograph of the militants after they were shot dead at their camp in the Daraj Tuffah Battalion.
Although there was no declaration, many knew this state as a Christian state, because most of them were believers in Christ.
On this day, the office bearers of the Union for West Khasi Hills District will also be elected and confirmed.
Many newspaper readers are not familiar with LANGDONGDAI and perhaps have not visited this village.
It may be recalled that on the evening of the 4th, Bah Shaibandon Nongrim, who runs a shop near Lad Stand Civil, was shot dead by a lyngka at Johnnystar. now.
Dasakhiatbha Lamare, urged the contractors who have been appointed to implement these development schemes, to implement them properly as directed and at the same time, he urged them to implement them properly, so that that these development schemes should be sustainable and will not really benefit the people.
At this place, government officials laid a wreath laying ceremony to pay tribute to this great leader of the country.
In fact, in a democracy, it is the responsibility of the Assembly of MLAs to make laws, the responsibility of the government to implement those laws, and the responsibility of the courts to see that those laws are provisions of the Constitution.
A senior officer in charge of the Regional Blood Bank in Shillong has been appointed to look after the Blood Bank.
Speaking to media, Bah Charlie Rani, President of UHM, said that his meeting with the CEO of GVK EMRI, Deepankar Choudh was held on After receiving complaints from many about the delay of the 108 Ambulances to reach the homes of the patients to take them back to the hospitals which can lead to tragic incidents just due to the delay of the 108 Ambulances. .
On the issue of the border, Bah Lyngdoh said the corruption of the present government has been exposed.
The patient, Bhola Shankar, went to the doctor on Sunday after suffering from fever in the past few days.
He informed the public that from now on, the public will not be allowed to carry their own bitor but they will have to buy tyndong siej which the authorities have prepared before entering the tourist spot.
This is due to the migration of villages or households and they are known by another clan name.
Many of these are those who are not good at school, who ask meaningless questions and do many things that don't make sense.
The purpose is to look at the disposal of waste and to see whether it is possible to follow the example in Shillong as well.
The same should be done in Meghalaya before the MLA elections in 2028 as the situation demands.
At the end of the tournament, prizes were awarded to all four teams who reached the goal of victory as well as to the teams who lost.
Bret of prayer, Bret of shaking hands, Bret of prayer, Don't let these clothes.
“This is an ongoing task and therefore we will need to install up to 100 drones and operate every day to map the areas.
But the foolishness of these days, you will see from those whom we call wise.
The incident of rape of 6 years old Shaniah Langstang happened on February 14, 2020 at a village in East Jaintia Hills District.
BJP President JP Nadda has tested positive for covid-1
St. Joseph Secondary School Umden won the winner of the Chief Minister Inter School Athletic Meet 2023 in Ri-Bhoi District after winning 13 gold medals. on that day.
Police have arrested him from Ladrymbai and another friend involved in the murder.
“When asked whether the party has any intention to work with other parties after the elections, he said that if any party forms a government, the VPP will lay the foundation with them. If you decide to work with anyone, it will be on the grounds and not for the post of Minister.
The children, aged 14 to 18, came from Cypress and Tomball, outside Houston and Spring Branch.
When they arrived at the Weiking Stadium, the dancers and duhalia walked around three times, the stage and at the end of the stage there was a gathering of all in front of the small altar, where the group of Tymmen U San. The Seng Khasi takes part in the ceremony to hold a thanksgiving ceremony to ask for permission from God to grant us these three days, which will be truly happy days for the people of the country. My mother from heaven will come to visit us, and the rain and the wind will blow a little to open the way for the dancers, both men and women, and that the dancers will have the opportunity to dance and rejoice. the nine sur or the nine skits of this dance of joy.
The crime came to light after the leaders who had fled to Bangladesh ordered a secret task force.
Modi is stupid and doesn't have an MOS. And brothers to sit in the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha Bah W Kharlukhi in Delhi you are not happy with the NPP. The cost of maintaining another national party in India is not small.
Besides, BJP Meghalaya State Unit MLA Alexander L. Hek also visited the teachers and promised to discuss their issue at the upcoming party meeting. .
Regarding the upgradation of the Raliang Police Station, the Minister promised to take action and said that the Raliang PO should have been upgraded due to the large area, but he is still check according to the availability of government funds.
Police have advised that if anyone has any information about him, please contact the police on 0364-2224400 or 0364-2
“I have met the Prime Minister but we don't have time to discuss the issue of relocation and he doesn't say anything, we talk and we work on the issue,” she said.
Members of the Sohra District Demand Forum and several Chief Executive Members of the Sohra Hima were also present.
The first goal of the match came in the 28th minute through Ryngkhlem who shot a strong shot from the edge of the crossbar.
It is estimated that the world's population is 8.045 billion.
The Congress party has held a rally against the BJP in accordance with the order issued by the All India Congress Committee (AICC).
Seven senior Hamas officials have been shot dead in Israel, including Brigadier General Bassem Issa and Jamal Zabda, who are in charge of the ceasefire.
Farmers will receive organic fertilizers (FOM/LFOM/PROM) at a reasonable price.
Because, there are people who do whatever they want inside the house even during the day, but they don't dare to say anything because it is not their responsibility.
The following are some of the persecutions of the Khasi Pnars living in this area from the rest of the United Cachar & Mikirs Hills to Karbi Anglong Assam;
According to the Woodway Public Safety Department, police have arrested the woman, identified as Claudia Velediaz-Bonifazi, for further investigation.
He said that the last greeting to the old Parliament will be more difficult for them because they have felt closer to it than its members.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) has recently arrested a Pnar youth from East Jaintia Hills District (EJHD) on charges of involvement in the trafficking of Rohingya women who have fled Myanmar.
Can Article 371 (A) protect against the CAB,” he said.
“The party will decide.
Why haven't they started? Are these not necessary for the future of the youth of the state?
Therefore, he congratulated the organization and the children who have taken part in this tournament so that they can develop their talents through hard work because in such times they Sports is no longer just a hobby as in the past but it is also a way to get jobs and also to avoid many bad habits.
After receiving this information, the police immediately conducted a search on all the vehicles together with the Diengpasoh Police Station and seized the truck from Shillong By-Pass.
"The new functionality of this plan has been done entirely by computers," Goyal said, adding that the experiment would run for at least two to three months.
The tlang festival in Garo Hills has its own name as Dimchrang and the festival was held in Ampati.
Even so, the truth remains the truth of the Word of God.
The new Governor (Satya Pal Malik) once again, according to the statement of the former Governor who said that this bill should be sent to the President for approval,” he said.
The party has decided to implement the rule that one family will get one ticket to contest the election. organization, which is more than five years in a row.
The Federation of Khasi States (UDP) has formed a Legislative Assembly consisting of 25 leaders according to the rules of the IOA and AA. Hima (16 Kings (Khyrim State, Mylliem State, Nongkhlaw State, Cherra State, Nongstoin State, Maharam State, Nongspung State, Langrin State, Mawsynram State, Myriaw State, Rambrai State, Mawiang State, Bhowal State, Malaisohmat State, Nobosohphoh Lyngdohs (Sohiong State, Mawphlang State, and Lyngiong State), 1 Wahadar (Shella State), 5 Sirdars (Mawlong State, Mawdon State, Dwara Nongtyrnem State, Nonglwai State, and Pansanngut State) from Khyrim State, 11 from Mylliem, 4 from Maharam, 4 from Nongkhlaw, 3 from Nongstoin, 3 from Cherra, one from Nongspung, Langrin, , Mawsynram, Myriaw, Rambrai, Mawiang, Bhowal, Malaisohmat, Nobosohphoh, Pamsanngut, Jirang, Sohiong, Mawphlang, Lyngiong, Shella, Mawlong, Mawdon, Dwara Nongtyrnem and Nonglwai, and 8 nominated leaders. longkmie).
Nine National Institutes have been established across the country under the DEPwDs along with 21 Composite Regional Centers (CRCs) as members of the National Institutes.
The suspects were identified as Mahindra Sahi alias Kalu, Asun alias Oshun Chettri and Bobby Chettri.
“Besides, he said that the people of the state know how the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma has fulfilled his promises which although not 100 percent but he has been able to fulfill what he promised.
He said the state government has already drafted and approved the rules of the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission 2014 and the term of office of the Commission is already under the Human Rights Commission Act of the country.
As he remembers one incident, another comes to mind.
Small, marginal.
““In the last Budget Session, the Prime Minister expressed his intention to increase the revenue of the state to $10,000 billion.
The march will start from the ground floor of the Community Hall, Jaiaw Lumpyllon to Motphran and will end at Madan Student, Jaiaw Pdeng with a street game performed by the students of Martin Luther Christian University.
This textbook AB in Jaintia was prepared by Riquoma Rq Laloo, author and member of the Khasi Author Society (KAS).
The election for the election and renewal of office bearers was also conducted under the supervision of one of the prominent senior officers of the state, Bah W Khyllep who was appointed as the Electoral Officer of the state. This is the election of the MCA.
“From the beginning I have made it clear that until these protests of the people can be resolved, we will not use force.
Bah Blikshon Sohtun, President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung Border Area, in the presence of the village leaders of the area, came to support the establishment of the Raid Nongtung Border Area Youth Association.
The States of the North Eastern Region of the country have also shown a spirit of courage and dedication.
However, when asked whether Pynshngain has failed in his career, Hima said he cannot say whether he has failed or won, but maybe he wants to find a way elsewhere.
" Lydia said, "Why?" Hep asked, “It's not like that...” Lydia said.
It is worth mentioning that the Court has handed over the Roster to the Government and the Legislative Assembly.
The first thing they decided to do was to steal and rob as many people as they could.
This year's race, runners from all over the country came to take part in the theme 'Run for Zero Hunger'
He congratulated all the employees of this department to continue to work hard without waiting for praise when they complete their duties and do them properly.
“We have only seen in the newspapers and we don't know anything,” said an employee of the hospital.
In the Under-14 category, Little Flower H/S School Ummulong beat Lumpyrtuh Secondary School 7-0
Leaders of JSU Sengkmie and JSU Narpuh Circle have met today at the office of the JSU Narpuh Circle in Jowai to discuss and find out the reasons for this change. color this river that started many years ago and continues today.
In fact, the transfer of the Public Sector Unit to the Private Company has not been welcomed by the entire Sohra area.
Police arrested the suspects, including the driver of a vehicle used to transport the drugs, on Tuesday night.
At the end of the day, the winners of the three categories were Seven Huts in the U-14 boys category. Higher Secondary School won three gold and one bronze medals, while in the women's category, St Mary's Higher Secondary School won three gold and one bronze medals. after winning two gold medals.
At the same time, he said that the issuance of patta to foreigners is due to the misguidance of the ministers because as the Syiem he has appointed ministers to look after the land.
The Seng also strongly condemns the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District for ignoring the complaint of the Dorbar Shnong Thangskai and for not taking any action on the complaint regarding the import of garbage by Dalmia Company. The Deputy Commissioner's Office has not taken action to allow the Dalmia Company to do whatever it wants without consulting the Dorbar Shnong Thangskai.
The global goal of SDG 2030 is to create inclusive cities, towns and cities without leaving anyone behind, especially in economic development.
Before the start of the programme, a meeting was held which was conducted by Miss Banri Rani Project Manager of MSSDS in the presence of Ms. A.Kharbudon Program Manager of SANKALP & MSSDS, I who also gave a speech and explained the purpose of the programme.
He said that this is the first time and it will be a blessing to the people to have a Super Market in Mawshynrut Civil-Sub Division.
However, the people have learned that the Congress Government in Meghalaya has been in power for more than 34 years under the leadership of Capt.
We assure you that the fire will be completed within 48 hours,” said James K Sangma, Minister of State for Power.
Registration can be done in person through the link: or by visiting the Common Service Centers (CSCs)/Rainbow Centers inside or near the village.
The funeral service will be held on the 7th July at 1.00 pm at the residence and then at the church in Shillong, Wahkdait, Laitkor.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, has strongly criticized the BJP-led NDA government for not understanding the issues of the North East.
Through this Lakhempong festival, it also promotes love and the settlement of the border hopes that there will be understanding without any ethnic discrimination.
When asked whether it is true that Pynshngaiñ has phoned him, HDR Lyngdoh said, “Yes, it is true. He said that on the phone, Bah Pynshngaiñ had told him not to interfere in the work of the KHADC. He said that Bah Pynshngaiñ had alleged that he (HDR) wanted to overthrow the KHADC. “This allegation is wrong,” said HDR Lyngdoh.
Details of funds released/approved have been provided to the States/UTs for the years 2022-23 and 2023-24 and details of vaccination and mortality rates in the States have been provided in the Annexure -1 and 2.
You are the best and you have done well in the examinations,” he said.
(character building) If a person cannot be shaped in the good manners and dignity of human beings through education, where can we find the true value and foundation of education? The true foundation of wisdom is not only in the power of intelligence, but in the ability to shape these good qualities in human beings and morality. You don't have to die if you don't walk with the dignity of man and God.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Sessions Judge of Shillong today acquitted the Chairman of the Shillong District Jail, Champion Sangma, from charges of shooting an employee of Shillong District Jail. Champion's lawyer Sujit Dey said.
Thousands of spectators came to witness the final match to support their team.
Earlier, a presentation and explanation of development programs and agencies in the area was also held.
“However, it should be understood that the finance department in the state is the prime minister, but on the part of the government, the parties in the MDA government should think together. for teachers," he added.
MLA Kenndy Khyriem said that the construction of the dam was carried out through the Forest Department of the state government which allocated T.25 lakh during the tenure of Minister Prestone Tynsong. The presence of this cemetery will reduce the cost of many dead trees for burning people and will also bring about a cleanliness.
Renikton said that Assam has not yet set up a Regional Committee and this has been informed by the Minister of Assam but the Regional Committee from Meghalaya will proceed.
The tournament was concluded with the awarding of prizes to the winners of the Inter Dong Tournament organized by the Nongkya Sports Club.
Custom: At the funeral service, the Khasi burns the body and the funeral is performed by the son of the ïeng or the kur or by the leader of the Khasi Seng Khihlang.
The program was held at the Sohlap-Umdoh-Mawpot Assembly Hall, Shella.
Since these options are not safe, let it happen as it happens.
What is more shocking is that there are houses near those places, where the residents throw garbage, but they don't care and just watch and listen.
He said that if the Indian government and the state government are still ignoring the demands of the people, they should also take responsibility if the state is in the midst of instability.
Nongpoh: In the Random Test for people walking and standing without masks held near the MUDA Market Complex in Nongpoh today, 56 people were tested positive. , a person who did not wear a mask, has tested positive for COVID-1
How much the world has received wrong information about us.
After a meeting with the CMD, the President of the MeECL Employees Union, Bah PK Chulet, announced that they have called off their strike, after the CMD promised to pay the salaries of the employees.
The second Public Hearing is scheduled to be held on 30th July 2020 at Lumshnong.
Shillong: The Digital India Startup Hub will open the country's first Center of Excellence in Online Gaming in Shillong by October 2023, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Shillong, said. Rajeev Chandrasekhar, Minister of State for Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, Government of India.
At the meeting, they also decided that they will not give their land to Assam and as the people they will oppose it in any way while the government has not been able to do so. They also demanded that the Prime Minister should visit the area to know the situation and the problems of the people.
Mukroh is one of the largest villages in Jaintia Hills District, which is one of the villages in Block I, which has been forcibly annexed to Mikir Assam since 1951, just for the sake of peace of governance. -Khadar (administrative convenience) because these villages are closer to Assam in these years, which is the Administrative Head Quarter, than to Shillong, where there is still the DC. , which rules over Jaintia Hills and Sylhet.
“However, the meeting with them was not sufficient because no decision could be taken,” said Bah Dkhar.
Demthring scored the first goal in the 104th minute and this goal lasted until the end of the first half.
Nongpoh: U Bah Agustine Nongrum, today clarified publicly on the allegation by the leaders of the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP), who alleged that the Rangbah Shnong of the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) They also alleged that he was involved in lodging a complaint against the members of the party.
In the Long Jump, Liaw Lyngdoh of Sabahmuswang UP School won the silver medal, Ibanjoplin Mulieh of North Liberty HSS won the silver medal and Unity Phawa of Sabahmuswang UP School won the bronze medal.
On the night of the 9th, police seized T.18,300 tyngka from vehicles that violated the rules at the same place between Barik and Civil Hospital, Shillong. Please enter the 'No-Entry' area.
The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) and the Jaintia Student Union (JSU) have expressed their deep sorrow over the death of Bah Derest Siangshai and Kong Setmon Phawa. the law in their own hands to shoot at the unarmed people.
He said that in fact they were impressed in the past years when they saw the courage of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi but the BJP has changed now where the people of the North East have the courage. Shillong: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has applied for tickets from two constituencies including Ampati and Songsak.
Short speeches were also delivered by Carness Sohshang, MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency, Damang Syngkon, District Sports Officer, Sohkhyllam Village Minister. Special song from the Lapdianghun Nongsiej.
Are we prepared for the precious soul? Because it is not enough to have these signs above, we need to purify our hearts and souls so that they should be clean and one by one, we must cleanse ourselves of all the evil habits that we have been fighting against. and to live a new life and to help the poor and needy by acts of charity. Thus, our preparation for Christmas is in vain because the Lord Jesus Christ wants our hearts to be pure and clean. also want to enter and dwell in our hearts and souls.
The tournament was inaugurated by Dr Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of State, Government of Meghalaya, in the presence of Vikram Gulati, Country Head and Executive Vice President, TKM, Fr Arcadius Puwein, Principal, Don Bosco Technical School, Shillong, Arun Lawaniya, Deputy Lead – State Initiatives and Capacity Building, ASDC and Ambarish Das, Vice President, Highland Toyota who is also a Senior Executive of TKM. With the aim of training more talented and skilled people in the fields related to the automotive industry, T-TEP continues to contribute to the country in line with the objectives of the Skill India Mission.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, on Tuesday received information from the Animal Husbandry Department of the Government of Meghalaya, that some pigs have died of the disease. known as African Swine Fever.
Commenting on the book, Bah Kolan G.Diengdoh said that although the book is strong, the ideas are great.
Khliehriat, July 21: The JNC-WZ (JNC-WZ) in a statement said that the party is deeply saddened by the release of The Meghalaya State Anthem will be released on the 20th of this month, 2024 under the leadership of the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma. He said that the party does not accept it at all and alleged that this is like the government has forgotten the Jaintia language in this anthem.
The meeting of the Dorbar Shnong with the Executive Engineer along with the demands for the road in the village, came after the neglect and neglect of the MLAs & MDCs as well as the The PWD has been in operation for about 25 years.
There was also an exhibition of various cultures of India, a poetry reading with the participation of other poets from Thailand.
“However, from 27th June, he will be able to sleep peacefully as the polling will end at 4:00 pm,” he said.
After the distribution of the aid, a Christmas cake cutting and tea was held and the program was concluded with a prayer by Pastor Rev Sadhu Sundar Singh of North India Christian Church.
He said the US and Iran have come close to the brink of war many times because the conflict between these countries is frequent and the leaders of these countries cannot communicate as they can with each other. other countries.
Children as well as parents are urged to be vigilant and disciplined when using mobile phones, computers to avoid being harassed by robbers and to avoid sharing. OTP, PIN, account number and others to unknown persons who call to deceive them into receiving gifts or money.
This cannot be achieved without the cooperation of the governments of Assam and Meghalaya.
Police said that they have received a complaint from the public that this man has delivered counterfeit weapons to him and has also extorted money from them.
Shillong, July 27: Commander Shangpliang, a follower of Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar while he was in the UDP party, who is also a Khasi film producer in the state, has said that although Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar He has moved from the UDP to the HSPDP but he will not back down but will remain with the party and will strengthen the working methods of the party in Mawkyrwat Constituency.
Bah RG said that he has taken steps to unite the ethnic parties to stand under one flag but he has found it very difficult to unite them so he has to. I don't want to join the Congress party.
Thirteen others who are minors have been investigated under the provisions of the Juvenile Justice Act.
The school, which was established by the Dorbar Shnong Puriang in 2000, has been operating for 21 years to provide education to the students of the area without adequate school building and classrooms. teachers and students suffer from the rain during the rainy season.
The people who witnessed this incident and who saw it through Youtube and other media strongly condemned this action of the government and especially the action of the police who did not even count them. children are children.
Now it is up to the Pope to make a final decision on the matter and even to allow women to become priests.
Besides the politicians, 2015 has also attended many prominent leaders in the state including Rangbah Shnong, Rangbah Seng Khasi, Pastors, Sisters, Catechists, Tymmenbasan, Lawyers.
Those present on the occasion were Bah P.Wanniang, General Secretary MDSA as the chief guest, the family members of the two youths who built the ground, and the invited elders. please.
Conrad said there is no objection to the allocation of funds by any group or state in relation to economic development, but it cannot be done illegally.
Jesus as High Priest opened the way to the Father.
Shillong, July 18 : The Meghalaya Women's Cricket Team has won the opening match of the Senior Women's One Day Trophy.
The incident happened on Tuesday.
Finally, he urged the residents that if they find anyone who kills fish, wild animals and birds, they should inform the elders or the sordars. village councilors to take the necessary action and punish them according to the law, in collaboration with the District Administration and the Police.
In the budget session held in October this year, the MDA government said it has spent Rs 650 crore on the fight against COVID-19 in 2020-21 and 2021-2
“We don't have anything to carry, we just carry it with the villagers,” said Bhalang's mother and immediately handed her the pla.
He said they could not give any order to pay the land fee as they were still asking for details.
This shows that there has been no directive from the government to the government departments to stop asking for syrnod from the Rangbah Shnongs when anything related to government work is needed.
Out of the 420 cases, East Garo Hills has 29 cases and East Jaintia Hills has 9 cases.
Speaking on the occasion, Ampareen said, “There may be a mistake by the Minister that she has had talks with the Cong MLAs, but the Anti-Defection Act has been passed. “It is not easy for the MLAs to say whether to go there or come back but we will wait for the time”.
If there is a fair trial, it will be found that the government, military and other authorities will have to investigate because many of the land that has been occupied has not been owned by the maps drawn and they will never have a sufficient market.
He said that under this scheme, Meghalaya has implemented a program worth Rs 200 crore to support the farmers who have faced a serious problem after the outbreak of COVID-1
West Garo Hills has 3 cases, South West Garo Hills and West Khasi Hills have 1 case.
Speaking at the meeting, AT Mondal said that according to his experience since he entered politics in 1998, the stability of the Government is the most important thing for development works to take place. reach the people of the state.
When the driver of the motorcycle saw the police, he turned around, but he managed to hit a tree.
The Department of Agriculture and Farmers, on Tuesday announced that the price of fertilizers including Single Super Phosphate (SSP), Muriate of Potash (MOP) and Di-ammonium Phosphate (DAP) as part of the support to farmers.
In 2007, during the Christmas holidays, Hindu extremists attacked Christians in Khandamal.
“Their needs, aspirations and welfare are our top priority.
Furthermore, they were taught about AIDS which has now spread even to the rural areas.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday urged the people of the state not to spread the video of the arrest of religious leaders from Meghalaya by members of the Bajrang Dal in Patna. Bihar and not handed over to the Police.
“I feel sorry for those elderly people who have become addicted to drugs, the mother has to carry the household alone, the children are afraid when they go to school, workplace or walk to the village if u I'm going to stay in the place of worship,” he said.
On Monday, 28 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed and there are 296 active cases in the state.
The Longkmie, when she experienced the robbery of the money from the bank, immediately tried to fight against the robbers, but as she was alone, she could not. to fight against these robbers.
Arkijuh Dkhar, a resident of Khliehriat, has contributed to the society through writing articles that have meaning and will build the society. in relation to the poverty faced by the people of East Jaintia Hills District.
“There have been talks to join the BJP and we have an intention but we cannot attend the meeting because we have not resigned from the post of MLA,” he said.
Itanagar: Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma and Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu today held their third meeting to reach a settlement on the border issue. There is no border between these two states.
It is for this reason that there should be a clear understanding between the quarrymen and shyiap miners and the people in charge of the Directorate of Mineral Resources Department on how to do and in what form to achieve the goals. destination.
However, after a thorough investigation, the Kuki families confirmed that they were forced to leave their residence in New Lambulane to Motbung.
General Secretary of the party Bah Kyllang S Thongni gave a briefing on the history of the party in the last 15 years.
Now, after five years, his net worth has increased to T.290,28,33,342.49 (Rs 290 crore) along with the debt he has to pay of T.3,95,78,2 .
On the allegation that he was a political party, Sawkmie said that he left KHNAM because it did not have leaders, and in 2000 he left the UDP. He said it was a political demand for him to leave the party.
he said – “I am God
Many of these runners expressed their desire to attend the race in Tawang with the aim of showcasing their talents in this sport.
On the 21st of this month, the KSU Nartiang Circle under the leadership of Samla Frederick Kharmawphlang (Vice President), General Secretary of KSU Jaintia Hills District and leaders of KSU Nartiang Circle held a public meeting at Khanduli village under WJHD to listen and discuss with the village leaders in those areas.
In this group, it was seen that there were many people who were gathered in front of the stones, which were made of 10,000 stones, which were gathered by the people. people, for the purpose of promoting the unity of England.
Police have arrested the suspect after the confession of Heli Suchiang who was arrested along with his brother-in-law involved in the manufacture of suloi in Mulum village.
The group of Sengbhalang in its journey to explain to the people of Mawsynram Block has held a meeting at Dangar, Hat Mawdon last month and on the 23rd of this month. Drimshon Kharmawlein, President of KSU Sawsymper Circle, Kyrmen Shangdiar, Working President of FKJGP South Eastern Zone, Mawsynram Block, Mawsynram Block, Mawsynram Block, on this occasion. Kyllang Thongni, Vice President of HANM Central Body.
We have arrested him and seized a knife and police have registered a case and sent him to Shillong Civil Hospital for medical check-up,” said the SP. the Police will conduct an investigation whether the person is fit or mentally retarded.
This era of the need for education is at the forefront of all activities.
The Rangbah Shnong, Bah Leky Challam, said that the incident happened at 3 pm in one of the villages of Kimheh. Seven people were injured in the blast and the fire destroyed all the belongings and the house.
The souls of Mukroh village have been killed by the police and forest guards of the Assam Government.
The Umroi MDC said that the new ribbon which the Fathers have opened and cut, is the lawkyntang that will no longer be a khla to be ryngkew basa, but to be Jesus Christ which means that Jesus Christ is the new snake, this sanctuary will be home to bsein, lizards and other creatures, said Bah Fabian Lyngdon, MDC Umroi.
The Mizoram Kohhran Hruaitute Committee (MKHC) together with 15 other church groups on Saturday urged the churches to hold prayers on Saturday or Sunday which is also the day of prayer. Special to the paid Riewngeit in the state, said the leaders.
At the same time, the FKJGP has urged the Rangbah Shnongs of various villages not to be deceived by foreigners, and not to issue NOCs to come and work in their villages. Because the authority is in the hands of the Rangbah Shnongs whether or not to accept these foreigners to come and work in their villages.
Understand this statement.
When asked about some of the leaders, especially from the NPP, who supported this issue, Bah Kyrmen said that the purpose of the meeting was not to gain political advantage. Three players of the All Meghalaya Kickboxing Association (AMKA) have won three medals for Meghalaya. gold and one silver medal at the National Kickboxing Championship.
The National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA), which is the authority to regulate the price of pharmaceuticals, has increased the WPI by 10.7 per cent.
On this day, the people collected plastic and the cleanliness was not only in the villages but also in the rivers.
“Yes, there is a need for ILP in Meghalaya, and we on behalf of the MSU Shillong Unit, support the demand of the political parties for ILP in Meghalaya,” said the MSU leaders. There is a risk of influx of people from the north into the state especially in Shillong where many of the people especially the Dkhars have settled in the state.
Nujorki Sungoh in his speech urged the villagers to be people who know how to appreciate the blessings of nature and the planting of trees, the protection of water and rivers is the duty of the villagers.
If this radioactive shyiap is left on the ground and when it dries up, it can be carried around by the wind, it can enter plants, food, or it can be carried into rivers, lakes. and it shall make them all bitter, and thou shalt not drink of it.
“We will visit the Umiam project on Tuesday,” said Bah Mawthoh.
This will also destroy the fish inside the river and may even destroy the river completely.
Anderson Higher Secondary School won the Best March Drill while Mawkhlam Nongpyndeng Standard School won the Best March Pass.
In her speech, Kong Miriam said that Bah Hubert Paliar would like to thank all the people who have helped to donate and request to pray for him in his participation in the thetheca lymphony.
The song was attended by Pnar tyngshop and puron, including Hunlang Dkhar and Arhaka Sari. Yes, Dosi Yes, Darihun Yes and Aurora Yes.
The Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya celebrated the Republic Day with enthusiasm at the Frontier Headquarters in Umpling, Shillong and other border areas of Meghalaya.
The arrested GNLA member was identified as Johny A Marak and was arrested from Tura while he was collecting money from traders.
The meeting was held to support those living with HIV/AIDS and to encourage them to be like other citizens of the state.
Speaking on the occasion, Rakkam said that as students, they are the ones who bring honor and pride not only to the school and themselves, but to the nation and parents.
Shillong, November 30: After the United Democratic Party (UDP) has expressed its desire to build a railway line in East Jaintia Hills, various political parties have expressed their strong opposition saying that it has not yet been built. you need a train whether it is a freight train or a passenger train.
Regarding the sudden departure of Bah Kharnaior, PWD Engineer, the union said that it shows that he has no responsibility for the poverty of the area.
It is learned that the neighbors heard the shock of the family members of the Heprit and who helped her to escape death, but they could not help, because they found her. longer.
Replying to a question by Nongthymmai MLA Bah Jemino Mawthoh on the appointment of the agency, the Chief Secretary said that the agency has implemented the 563 meter road connecting the Indian Institute of Hotel Management (IIHM).
This was achieved after beating Khliehmynkrem 1-0 in the quarter final at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai on Friday.
Hearing a PIL filed by Tennydard M Marak regarding the overloading of coal trucks, the bench headed by Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee said, “The Monitoring and Checking System should be improved to ensure that All freight vehicles shall not carry goods beyond the limit, if the durability of the roads is to be ensured.
The Government has also encouraged the athletes of the state by awarding them to continue to work hard to improve themselves to reach that higher level through cash prizes and food schemes.
The election to the GHADC will be held on the 12th of March.
“The Congress which I was in 20 years ago is no longer there these days and for that reason, it has forced me to leave,” said Bah Khan.
I don't think they're going to deny that either, they're also self conscious that they need that," the spokesperson added.
The total number of cases has risen to 26 while the number of recoveries has risen to 43, he said.
“I have also offered myself to any party that wants to invite me because if they accept me they will have to accept the principles that I stand for the people.
The government has handed over to the Urban Affairs Department to prepare the blue print of the new Harijan settlement.
Speaking on the partnership between the Central and State Governments, she said that this has increased the opportunities for farmers and officials for investment.
When asked what is the view of the Congress regarding the NPP rally at Lad Kharang on Saturday, these leaders said that the people went to watch the rally to see the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma. , and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong especially because they want to hear what these NPP leaders will explain on the issues, but the people do not hear anything on the issues for Mawkynrew and for the State, but only public speeches.
Shangpliang, who won from the Congress in 2018, has joined the TMC along with 12 other MLAs under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma.
As part of its strong condemnation of the arrest of Congress MLA in Punjab Sukhpal Singh Khaira on charges of drug trafficking, the Congress party in recent days said that The party will continue to oppose such political actions against the opposition but he assured that this will not affect the cooperation of the INDIA team, in which the ruling AAP in Punjab. was also in the group.
The elders of the village told this reporter that in the forests near the village, including in the forests in the ranab and riat of Wahkynshi, there are still wild boars, wild cows, Niuhrei. , many kinds of birds and in some places there are still Khiat.
KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar was the chief guest, KSU President Rueben Najiar and CEC members Richest Malngiang, KSU CEC President Samla Shalkitbok Kharbnai. CEC, Pynshai Kupar Dkhar, Assistant Office Secretary, KSU CEC, members of KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit, Vairangte Unit and others.
These leaders of SBYWA said that this distribution of food items is part of the support to other people in this time of crisis.
Dr Syiem said this while giving a briefing on the World Suicide Prevention Day organized by SANKER Hospital today in the city.
(3) When Jesus entered the house, Martha was distracted with many things.
He needs to survive not only himself, but his family as well.
Look at this meirad that doesn't drink.
college, 1st Sohra Govt.
The Indian Meteorological Department has warned that heavy to heavy rainfall is expected in parts of the state in the next 24 hours.
He said Rahul Gandhi's desire to deliver a speech at USTM was not for a political speech but for a talk with the youth on how to give hope to the youth.
The Seng also recalls that the government in November 2022 had proposed to set up BOPs in nine areas where there are frequent incidents.
“Bah Lyngdoh said that at the meeting they will try to submit the documents of the Bill and resolve the delays before taking a final decision to send to the Governor,” said Bah Lapang.
Police have seized a Maruti Alto (ML-05Q-3104) at Thlumuvi, Amlarem Sub-Division.
Why doesn't this put us in danger through the arrival of these vehicles? In fact, before the government sends the village authorities and volunteers to extinguish the fire, it should also provide protective equipment, because it will be useful. What if you don't take care of yourself after you've eaten it?
“During the investigation at the scene of the explosion, remains of the source of the explosion were found.
When we know that the Lord has forgiven us or that there was a time when we made a mistake, why should we still worry about the past?
The Jirang MLA urged the village leaders of the border area to fight as they did during the lockdown, when the village leaders worked hard for the sake of against the light entrance and exit.
Aamir Khan, Rajkumar Hirani and Mahaveer Jain have expressed their satisfaction with the reopening of Jammu and Kashmi for filming which will allow some Bollywood directors to shoot films. their new movie to this place.
“We are in the same group now, we may differ in our respective positions and in our respective positions but we are here to reach and achieve the same goal together. state to a higher level,” he said.
There are others who are very beautiful, and who have little beautiful symbols; but those which the flower of the rice flowers forth, and so the worm destroys it.
Expressing his shock, UDP Vice President Allantry Franklin Dkhar said, “It is sad to know that state government employees have been treated unfairly by the government where their DA, which They should have released it in April but they haven't received it yet”.
Judas did the right thing because he was the one who fulfilled according to the scriptures.
The Dorbar Chnong Tympang Iawmusiang has declared a 36 hour curfew from 6 AM on the 26th to 6 pm on the 27th of June.
“It's T.14-15 per kilo and it's T.10 per kilo,” said one Mahajan.
At the same time, the HNLC calls on all the various political parties of the Hynniewtrep people to be united and not to divide or think for political gain.
They said that every year they don't complain and don't complain about the collection of donations and it goes smoothly because it is collected without setting prices and asking for explanations but only this year it has been done incorrectly. byrngem and put prices in addition to market prices.
Shillong, July 14: The Managing Director of MCCL, Sanjay Goyal, today said that the employees of MCCL have returned to work as the new machines will be operational by the end of this month. .
After the incident, the robbers fled the scene and the management of the temple immediately informed the police for investigation.
Custom: The Khasi Rangbah earns only in the Ïiengkur and sleeps in the house of his wife only at night, eats and drinks in the Ïiengkur.
She said that to know whether the vehicle is still fit for purpose, it is up to the police to check the license plates of the vehicles issued by the board.
“I don't have to pay,” replied Rep.
Speaking to Rupang, Teinwell said he had no knowledge of it. “This is the first time I have heard of it, I don't know of it,” he said.
The Chief Minister, who was the chief guest on the first day, highlighted the importance of self-employment and how it helps to create job opportunities and income generation in the country. state.
The Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Teibor Pathaw, congratulated the KAS for organizing this meeting here, especially when the Khasi language needs to be recognized. It is necessary to present to the Central Government this demand of the jaidbynriew.
A youth from Pyndeng Umïong, has lost his life after his motorcycle (ML 05 K 8909) collided with a vehicle at Laitjem Lad Kseh at about 8:00 pm. 40 a night.
The distribution was attended by the Director of the JHDS, Fr. Manbha Pakem, the President of the Catholic Association, Mr. Gilbert Sten, the Vice President of the Union of Elders, Mr.
They say that free will was given as a human ability to choose between good and evil.
The MPCC has accepted the nomination papers of Mylliem MLA Bah Lyngdoh from the MPCC. He is one of the last candidates to file his nomination papers. he.
NRAI Chief Executive Officer Raninder Singh held the first meeting of the country's hearing impaired athletes. The physical fitness of the players since the outbreak of COVID-19 in the past years.
Kharbani was arrested on 26th November on charges of involvement in the burning down of the office of the Executive Engineer of PWD and the office of the District and Commerce Industries Centre, Nongstoin on 23rd November.
He said that it is the duty of the Government to provide peace and order to all the residents of the state. They can inform the SPs and OCs of their respective areas.
Where did the market go? In the past, the market was owned by the son of a thousand Khasi Khasei under the orderly and thoughtful leadership of the Syiem of Shyllong Hima and later by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
Speaking at the meeting, the President said that the purpose of their work in Delhi is to enable the party leaders to look after the welfare of their brothers and sisters here. .
This herb is very useful for those people with diabetes and other diseases related to diabetes.
He promised to be present in any assistance that the newspapers need, as he too is no different from them as he used to be involved in the field of journalism.
“At the same time, she said that this has caused instability even in the entire village.
“At present, the lack of maintenance of this road which connects Assam (Barak Valley), Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura and other states has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers and puts at risk the safety of the people. The health of the people, especially children, due to the excessive landslide.
We know that the water from the dew-iong mines contains a lot of heavy metals or minerals that make it bitter.
I will cut this pig, and let me answer through the ksang.
The tournament was organized by the Meghalaya Tourism Youth Development Society at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong on 9th November 2023 with the support of various groups.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the CEM of KHADC and the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, the Chairman of the Union of Youth Associations of Byrnihat Area together with other leaders expressed their strong opposition to this demand. Garo to become Rangbah Shnong and also to get that Sanad, because this is against the Constitution that these provisions of the Mylliem Act and also of the KHADC has prohibited others to become Rangbah Shnong. The Paid Garo are only raioit and not the children of thousands who do not have the right to become Rangbah Shnong.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Lambok said that the sale and consumption of drugs is a threat to the future of the youth of the nation and the state as a whole.
Furthermore, according to a report in The Wire and East Mojo newspaper, on “Challo Dispur” to petition the Government to demand that the Assam Government and the Union Government should immediately abolish the Schedule Tribe (ST status) of Christians in India. through your reservation.
Shillong, March 02: The term of office of Satya Pal Malik as Governor of Meghalaya has expired on the 3rd of this month and the Central Government has appointed Arunachal Pradesh Governor BD Mishra to look after the as the Governor of the State of Meghalaya.
He said that his visit as a VPP MLA was to support Bah Ardent when he decided to launch an indefinite strike against the government which has been listening to the demand for change. the share of employment shall be employed according to the number of paid.
He also spoke about the information power of FM. The Prime Minister said the government continues to work for the opening up of technology.
Those who spoke at the group 'Ka Sur Na Them Ri Bhoi', invited all the members of the Sengbhalang, Village Leaders, Raid, Hima, Elders to attend the event. They have raised their voices to demand justice for the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
Shillong: The 20th Riwar Cup Invitation Football Tournament will be held at Bakur Dawki Stadium in November.
Fourth, every indigenous person should not live without land.
The tunnel is part of the Silkyara-Barkot Express road constructed by the Modi government to facilitate pilgrimage to Uttarakhand.
The 26 names approved by the PEC include Emlang Laloo from Nartiang, Nehemiah Tyngkan from Mokaiaw, Vincent H Pala from Sutnga Saipung, Charles Marngar from Mawhati. Rina Khymdeit from Jirang, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh from Umsning, Pynshngainlang Syiem from Pynthorumkhrah, Marbud Dkhar from Mawlai, Manuel Badwar from East Shillong and John from North Shillong. Venetia Pearl Mawlong from South Shillong, Ronnie V Lyngdoh from Mylliem, Dr Banidashisha Kharkongor from Nongthymmai, Sardonik Nongkhlaw from Nongkrem, S. Osborne Kharjna from Sohiong, Dannyson Kurbah from Mawphlang. Gopal Stone and Mawsynram.
Residents said that Paul Makri was urged to flee the scene twice, as the CRPF police opened fire on the crowd, but Paul Makri refused. He was arrested and continued to join hands with fellow KSU members who were protesting in Motphran until he was shot and his body was taken to the Civil Hospital.
Nongpoh, July 27: Hundreds of trucks suspected to be coal trucks have been forced to park on the NH-6 due to overloading. from Umling to near the Marpoh Underground Weighbridge at 13Mer Ri Bhoi District.
Dr. Donkupar Roy (Bam kwai ha dwar U Blei) who has been the leader of Shella Constituency for 30 years since 1988 has passed away. ter until 29th July 2019 where he won 7 times.
Kambell Chullai is a true Khai – the Piar of the country – the nation, who with the special talent given by God the Creator and through his understanding has been able to produce an eco-friendly crematorium which is a blessing and It is a great honor for the country and the people and for the benefit of the people who use it and also for the protection of the environment to avoid the felling of trees until the Ministry of Foreign Affairs The Government in charge of Forest Affairs has praised and recognized this work of Waheh Kambell Chullai.
The king had a young woman who was so beautiful that all the strong young men went to visit her, but she did not want any of them.
“On the part of the FCI, we are delivering the rice according to the demand of the states.
Bnai Syngkrem, Rangbah Shnong, said that the influx of tourists is no less than 30 to 50 on Sundays and 100 to 500 on Thursdays, Saturdays and Sundays.
It is to be recalled that the Wah Lukha Association was established in 2018 and its mission is to protect and revive the Wah Lukha as in the past.
It is not that the country has gone smoothly under the rule of the BJP in the last 10 years that the people have won it, but the main reason is that the opposition parties have not been united. -wood.
“Another thing that is shocking according to the statements of the Chief Minister of Assam and Meghalaya is that the ADCs of Assam are more powerful than the ADCs in Meghalaya and the ADCs of Assam have had to be included in the ADCs. discussion of the border.
Do these trucks carry the coal that has been mined since before the NGT ban in 2014? or is he newly dug? We remain in awe! One Government after another claims and claims that there has been no illegal mining and transportation of coal.
“It is unfortunate that the Chairman of the Committee for the Resettlement of Harijans has directed the Shillong Municipal Board and the Urban Development Department to clarify whether the RTI submitted to the Harijan is true. given to the government.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills District has invited applications for the registration of Marbam shops in the district.
They alleged that the DC of Mamit attended the meeting without any permission from the state government.
During the inspection, the journalists found that the Umtyngar and Umiew rivers which flow into the Umiam Dam have been flooded.
They also expressed their blessings and wishes to the young man to have a healthy body and to reach his goal.
The Chief Minister, who is also the President of the Rajya Sainik Board, said that the Army can be a great contributor to the society of the state and urged the Army to look into the opportunities. which the State Government provides in terms of employment to the soldiers and their children.
“If we are no longer allowed to mine coal and if we don't have the opportunity to transport coal, we will carry or earn money. kit dewiong while speaking to reporters today.
In connection with Shane's death, the Blue Heaven Restaurant will be closed from 23rd to 25th June.
The two organizations demanded that the government should conduct an independent inquiry into the incident.
This government does not have any hard work for the people group and has only thought for cooperation.
He has scored 40 runs against Mizoram this month.
Can you read Science in Khasi?
At present, the struggle to form a government is intense and the demands from outside are also increasing.
This behavior of these foreigners to order the police to bomb the crowd with insults even in the presence of women and longkmie, is unacceptable in the society of the land of Hynniewtrep.
In this inspection of 27 food shops, the KSU found that many of these shops do not have a license from the FSSAI to open and sell food items. There are some shops where the cleanliness is terrible.
Amazing is from Khimurah village under Lawshlem polling station in Rangshken constituency.
In the Old Testament, the High Priest entered the Most Holy Place of the temple once a year on the Day of Atonement to offer a sacrifice of atonement for the sins of all the children of Israel (Lev.16). :34).
It is worth mentioning that in recent days there has been a clash between the Khasi and Karbi in Khanduli, in which the workplaces of the Khasi farmers in Khanduli have been burnt down. Carbie Angle.
It is not only me who have found this, many people have found it from time to time and this illegal activity of brokers is still happening today.
He said that as part of strengthening the party, the party will hold a booth meeting with all the party members in three places in the state to showcase the strength of the party. .
On the day of writing – even the village officials are waiting like dogs that don't eat meat, their eyes are red and their mouths are swollen. , they don't even have to give a receipt for fear of being prosecuted – an example of corruption.
On the other hand, the Director of NIEPMD, Chennai, Nachiketa Rout said that to fully implement the rights of these people, there is a need for a workplace to look after all types of disabilities, whether it is those with mental, hearing, speech and other disabilities.
Sounder Strong Cajee, who will contest the 2023 MLA election from the Trinamool Congress, was the chief guest and hoisted the flag as a sign of the opening ceremony.
The Special Judge POCSO has sentenced Envyris Dkhar alias Sin Michael to life imprisonment for involvement in the rape and murder of a child.
Nongpoh, Naitung 20 : The KSU Northern Border Area today lodged an Ejahar at Khanapara Police Station against the writer and a private school in Ri-Bhoi for using a book that misleads the language. Speaking in Meghalaya, which has affected the feelings of the people of the state and may mislead the children and other ethnic groups outside the state.
It was also informed that in 1958, the Labang-Nongphyllut and Pangam Raliang districts were forcibly merged by the Assam Government in the allocation of Mikir and North Cachar Districts. Hills in 1951.
I am sending this letter to express my concern over the recent incident of non-tribals in Meghalaya.
All the policies that our state has implemented should not be biased against one ethnic group against another and should not be biased against all the Khasi-Jaintia people of Meghalaya as well.
Besides Rgh Pranshon, other elders who took part in the ceremony were Rgh Tailan Rynjah, Rgh Pynshai Kurkalang while Sbarshon Umdor. .
There are also teachers who are also college students who are willing to teach at this school.
D.halor's Thesis “The Khasi Poetry : Its Origin and Development”.
The Movement for Change and the Dorbar Shnong Pammanik on Saturday held a rally and burnt candles to mourn the murder of (L) Rodit Langstang of Pammanik.
JOWAI: The All Jaintia Youth Welfare Organization (AJYWO) has admitted that according to the RTI reply it has received, there are only 1397 foreigners who have Trading License in Jaintia Hills.
What is important in these times and in the future is to believe that we can protect ourselves responsibly.
“Their cooperation with us the NPP leaders has tried our best to improve the villages and residents of this area. We will continue this good work,” she said. Kong Ampareen.
“Why do other political parties campaign for elections with words to divide the people?
The KSU leader said that the NHAI has been treating the villages in the Narpuh area from Mynkre to Malidor for many years despite collecting revenue from the Toll Plaza at Lumshnong.
The Aizawl Battalion of the 23rd Sector Assam Rifles (East) in collaboration with the Ngopa Police Station, seized four boxes of soap (79 gm) Heroin No.04 worth T.39,50,000 from the bags of these persons at General Area Tuisa Iron Bridge and arrested two persons.
The match was played on Saturday from Zone 1 at Thangsning Stadium.
During the announcement, Marak spoke about the importance of Cooperative Societies in improving and transforming the way of life of our people which has contributed to the economy of peace. a rural village.
The surprising thing in this state is that people who have violated the law and who are robbers who demand money and who take human life, when they don't feel like living a life of robbery. They surrendered but did not surrender all their weapons such as guns and other weapons.
She said that it is necessary to provide sufficient information to the people to understand and follow this because it is necessary.
After completing his training and career, Fabregas made 212 Premier League appearances and won the FA Cup with Arsenal between 2004 and before returning to Barcelona.
The MSCW also said that the allegation that Kong Phidalia has missed three or four meetings is wrong as those meetings were chaired by the Chairperson.
They seized a Hyundai Santro AS-10A-0612 which was trying to flee towards Sonapur.
“They have turned us into citizens, the Ksew Kynther Slap in our country, they have made the youth of their own party drunk, they have also given us the money as the incumbent Chief Minister has alleged.
In the field of trade, it is also necessary to know how to count and count because it is a financial field.
He said that on 22nd June 2017, the Executive Committee has passed a resolution and according to this resolution, the Executive Committee cannot take any action. A decision relating to uranium cannot be taken but only after notification and approval of the whole House.
These, along with the indigenous people, are one of the main drivers of income in the state.
Panah had already decided in his heart to stay with Rida that night... He did everything he could to seduce and deceive her.
“We make a small request to the people of Meghalaya and also to the Meghalaya government, that the Sikh community should remain only one pawa and should not be removed without the rules of law,” he said. The Shiromani Akalik Dal will ensure that no one in this world will be able to remove them from this place by force”.
Shillong: U SS Syiemlieh, Additional District Magistrate (ADM) of East Jaintia Hills (EJH), has been able to talk to Amita Sangma at NEIGRIHMS Hospital. Agnes Kharshiing, leader of CSWO, as she is still in a state of shock.
Hurdles Cricket Club will face Laitjem Cricket Club for the title of the 2nd District League T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 at Smit Ground.
“This is an information and reminder to all the Dorbar Shnongs of Khasi Jaintia Hills to stand firm with one mind until we get the VAB,” said Bah Blah.
Explaining about the sudden increase in the number of cases of Covid-19, Kong RM Kurbah, said that in the second wave of Covid-19 in Ri Bhoi District till February, no cases have been reported. The number of cases of Covid-19 in Ri Bhoi District has increased sharply in the past few months and so far there are 83 positive cases. The number of cases was 20, 30 and 33 per day.
I will work with the new president together with the MLAs and the party.
These things brought trouble to Israel, and meant the end of the age for the whole world.
Additional Deputy Commissioner, Jowai, Kong B Blah, in her speech to all the participants, said that these programs of the competition are not only for the celebration of the International Water Conclave but it is also part of the dissemination of information regarding typical water issues.
Panah stood there for a while thinking and decided to go to sleep himself.
This incident happened in the area of ​​Serau.
India, as a member of the FCTC, has struggled to reduce the number of smokers as it is the second largest country in the world with the highest number of smokers, about 100 million (GATS 2017).
He said they welcome the government's decision to seek clarification on the Bill, as it will open the door for the people to give their views to clarify the powers and authority of the Bill. chief of the village.
According to Rilang Nongkhlaw, on the night of 27th November 2017, the illness started to worsen and Damas Nongkhlaw was taken to Nazareth Hospital for treatment.
Bah Process convened this meeting to get cooperation for development works for the villages.
The AIM has also made it clear that the Central Government Guidelines on the implementation of Covid-19 prevention measures have been explained by the Government of India. 19.
These employees have taken this decision to hold a strike from the 15th in front of the Main Secretariat.
Shillong: The India Talent Fight will be broadcast on 9xm channel on the 28th of this month at 11:55 pm. other.
The agreement at that time was that once the power plant is completed, Meghalaya will receive 100 MW, while the rest will be distributed to other states in the region.
The Corona Virus has now started to affect the elderly and this time, it has affected Sophie Gregoire, the wife of Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
In 1991, it boycotted the temporary permit.
Along with these, the team of journalists will talk to the beneficiaries of various Central Government schemes in Odisha during their visits to various venues for the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra.
We should not be surprised by this one political party or this Regional Party, which has always had the hope that it will be able to win once again in the whole of Meghalaya.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor said that the district council will have to convene an urgent meeting of its Executive Committee to discuss the matter and to seek clarification from Conrad. that the District Council will not accept at all such issues which aim to destroy the jaitbynriew.
The writings of Soso Tham reflect and express all the facts according to the stages of life. The Khasi Khara live together with nature.
They said that in the morning, this species of fish is like a biej, because even if someone falls into the water near its body, it does not know how to escape but it is said to be very strong in the evening.
If possible, it would be better for the government to set up a Sub Division Office Agriculture at Mawiong with a storage facility for the Khri and Kynrud areas.
I have directed the Principal Secretary in-charge Social Welfare in collaboration with the Police Department to prepare for this mission,” he said.
That’s one aspect of a Christmas celebration that should be, not a celebration of color.
The CEM of JHADC said that this claim by the DC of West Karbi Anglong is impossible because according to his information, Khanduli village falls under Meghalaya until now. “This claim of the DC of West Karbi Anglong that Khanduli falls under Assam is like setting fire to the residents of Khanduli,” said Bah Thombor. He added that the JHADC has confirmed that Khanduli village is still under the jurisdiction of the district council, has a Rangbah Shnong who has been issued a Sanad by the council and has a boundary according to the authority of the district council. council.
The Meghalaya High Court has refused to accept an appeal by VPP North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum against the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Thomas A Sangma on the grounds that the Speaker has refused to bring the a special motion on the report of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG).
This shows that the situation is not good,” said the Sohra MLA.
Meghalaya has won three and lost two matches in the round robin match to finish second, behind Hyderabad followed by Mizoram. .
He said that a letter has been received from the civil society groups to the government on this issue after the government has taken measures, the government, police department and district authorities. they have worked tirelessly to ensure the maintenance of peace and stability in these border regions.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 482 new cases have been confirmed and there are 4312 active cases in the state.
Earlier, it was reported that there were five lions, who were suffering from respiratory problems and breathing difficulties and this was on 26th June
It was also admitted that the BSF had set up camp in the area without receiving any approval or no objection certificate from the village.
“I don't know how to contain the poor people who have 10 rooms or 2 rooms in their own homes,” said Bah Lanong.
However, she said that even if the virus originated in China, it may have escaped from the research center in Wuhan as it is widely known.
The meeting has not yet been finalized due to the stipulation by the HPC leadership that more than 300 households should be accommodated in one place and that the land should be allocated by the government. government land and Revenue Land.
This MLA of yours is ignorant of the law and that is why he resigned, because the law allows him to hold the post of MLA and MDC at the same time.
He asked under what provision of the law the GHADC has given this permission to the Prime Minister's son-in-law to collect illegal revenue on NH
To prevent tragic incidents, the Police have taken measures to conduct patrols in various parts of the city," he said.
Many teachers work as village secretaries because of the needs of the village.
After this inspection, he will direct the relevant authorities to expedite the work to avoid traffic on this road.
Manvir Singh scored the third goal in the 75th minute.
Shillong, June 3: Pravin Bakshi, Returning Officer of Tura Lok Sabha Parliamentary Constituency, on Tuesday said that the helicopter of Pawan Hans Limited Dauphin N3 was not used by the Minister of State. Chief Minister Mukul Sangma has campaigned for the election after receiving permission from the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC).
The Union also informed that the Election Department of the Assam Government has set up more than 10 Polling Stations in Khasi villages although these villages have been affected by the border dispute.
He said the Inquiry Commission has already submitted its report and has brought it to the House.
Replying to a question, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that for the two others injured in the shooting, the government has also considered how to provide one-time financial assistance.
On the other hand, Bah Marbaniang, SDO in charge of the safety of the works at the PHC, said that he will provide all the necessary facilities at the PHC so that it can be opened soon.
Because of the heavy rain and the strong wind, and while his friends were busy cooking and preparing food, the sher dara was carried away by the wind to the pond.
He is the son of J. James Khongwar and Drinsila Lucrecia Majaw.
but the one who shot was the shynrang.
“Therefore, we must understand those who take advantage or those who seek selfish gain because these are the ones who also destroy the society.
P4- “Composition” – The fruit of “Question” is “Composition” which refers to the Exam or Test that you have to take.
Those who have mentioned these words have been translated from the original language into the words of akor, lyngkor, shukor, markor and so on.
However, the union has not yet opened the hospital, so the union reminds the government to open the hospital for the poor children and women, as it is not suitable for those who go for treatment at the hospital. that Hospital public.
At the same time, he informed that the Health & Wellness Centre, Mawta War Sub Centre, which has been allocated Rs 18 lakh, will soon be renovated and the work order has been issued for the start. noh the work.
On the other hand, Sanbor Shullai said that the issue of the Citizenship Amendment Bill will not affect the BJP in the 2019 MP elections.
Shillong, June 09: Leaders of the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) on Thursday raided the shops of foreigners in Balat Market, a village on the border with Bangladesh. Some of these shops do not have proper documents and some of them have not renewed their licenses from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
Therefore, friends who read this article, know that the Chinese Coronavirus will be a pandemic.
We have come to the point where we don't have anything we don't need.
The people did not elect you to write letters among the members of the Cabinet, but to defend the rights.
The meeting was followed by a Technical Session on two topics, NEP2020: Role of Stakeholders. Habit: Role of Institution' was explained by Dr. Basancy Kharbuki, Assistant Professor, NERIE – NCERT, Umiam and Dr. Balaiada Dkhar, Assistant Professor – NERIE – NCERT, Umiam.
There is no need to clarify the Chief Secretary and other officers of the Hima Mylliem. To have a rule explaining the functions of the Budget Session of the Hima Mylliem which shall be held 30 days from the date of There shall be no provision to specify that the Union of Rangbah or Dorbar Shnong Pyllun within the Hima Mylliem shall submit the end of year report to the Executive Dorbar & Dorbar Shnong. , Pyllun Dorbar, Legislative Assembly and Hima Assembly every yearThe Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Mylliem Hima shall be headed by one of the Rangbah Shnongs to submit its annual report to the Executive Assembly, Legislative Assembly, Legislative Assembly and Hima Dorbar every year.
He said they have sent a proposal to the Hima and Raid to provide land for the construction of the market in the border areas of the state.
“I feel like to link the actions of two people just because of their appearance and to decide, I feel it is unfair for anyone to do that,” said Conrad. and there shall be no witnesses against these things.
Shillong: The State Government has already elected Bah BM Lanong as the new MDC of the Khasi District Council, but surprisingly, many of the MDCs, who are in the synrop group of the Council, have not been elected. tip on the election of the MDC shu sieh.
Also to assist Booth Level Officers in any necessary areas when they arrive in your village by following the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare such as wearing Masks, social distancing of 6 feet and hand washing with soap and hand sanitizer.
Shillong, November :The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Diengpasoh Unit, Nonghali Unit and Mynriang Unit have organized an award ceremony titled “1st Maitshphrang Letteracy Award" at the function held on the 27th of this month at IB Diengpasoh.
Therefore, I invite all the people of this state to join hands and give their right hand and left hand in this path of unity for the sake of economic development, and for the development of the country. Meghalaya by supporting both the joint candidates, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, from the UDP, and Ms Agatha Sangma, from the NPP. Once again I call upon all of us not to lose hope, trust in the wisdom of the people and the greatness of the people. Dr Jemino Mawthoh from 1- Shillong Parliamentary Constituency and KOT (NPP) for Ms Agatha Sangma, for the 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency who are both the joint candidates of the MDA.
It is learned that on 27.8.2021 the DIG of Assam and the SP of West Karbi Anglong visited this village together with the political parties from Karbi Anglong. Anglong stayed for 40 days in the area and held meetings in almost all the villages in the area.
The march was led by STEDS President Kwil Suchiang, Secretary Tackmon Bamon, members of KSU East Jaintia Hills District, Shibor Wahlang, Wildlife Sanctuary Department. Sonapyrdi and Umkiang were led by Shanmiki Law and Beat Officer M.Syrpuh.
“It is clear that the NDA government is concerned about the district councils in the North East,” he said.
"At an emergency meeting held online on the 29th of this month, after a thorough discussion on the feelings of the NEHU authorities especially the Vice Chancellor, Prof Prabha Shankar Shukla, it was decided that The Association has called for a Non Cooperation Movement against NEHU by suspending classes in the first semester of FYUP.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Shillong Circle has urged the Government of Dr Mukul Sangma to grant the same rights to all teachers as he promised to the SSA teachers. The 4th Teacher does not receive T.20,493 like other teachers.
The DC WJHD said that he will implement immediately and will order the magistrates to visit in these days and he will seek the report from the government departments on Myntdu in these days.
That the mining of uranium is a threat to the health and poses a threat to the entire Hynniewtrep people.
Shillong: The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) on Saturday met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to discuss the strong opposition to the handover of 56 subs. -stations shaka company M/s Broadcasting Engineering Consultants India Limited (BECIL) Noida.
The Youth of the Samla CE Society of the Church celebrated the beginning of the jubilee with beautiful choir songs.
“The work has been going well during the President's visit to Mawphlang.
Samla Bajop said that the president of the VPP hates the Dkhars but the candidate they have nominated says that we have to look after the Non-Khasi People in our state.
Speaking to media, Dr Mukul said, “The CLP has felt that the party has given the answer as called for under the leadership of Rahul Gandhi and we are working together to remove the the problems of the people of the country.
In 2012-13, the department has earned revenue of T.1,50,70,656 crore from these items, while in 2013-14, it has collected T.1,09,34,0 crore.
She said that in the past, they found it difficult to take their children to the fields without a supervisor but since there is this trep, they have felt happy to put their children with the supervisors, while they themselves go to the fields with joy. .
However, she urged them to work hard to open the door for higher jobs.
The Sutnga report said that he has been arrested several times by the village VDPs for theft and other crimes.
In 1952, after he was 64 years old; He was elected Vice-President of Independent India.
Justice Ajay Kumar Mittal has resigned as Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court on 31st March 2019 and the order was issued by the Ministry of Law and Justice of the Government of India.
“It is the goal of this government to bring services to the people by moving offices across the state,” he added.
The meeting was held at the ground floor of Raidmynsaw Upper & Higher Secondary School, which was conducted by Bah KP Pangniang President HSPDP. parents, youth and the community.
The total number of cases has risen to 528 and the death toll to 1,6
Vincent H Pala also spoke about the purchase of some candidates whom the Congress party has already decided to contest from some constituencies in the upcoming elections.
He also urged all the students of the district to do well in their studies at various levels and the party expects that many more students will come forward in their studies. Larisa Lamin's HSSLC Examination (Arts) has brought honor not only to her parents or the school but to the entire District. and also to the country and the Khasi people as a whole.
In his speech, he said, “I don't care if I win or lose”.
On the opening day of the tournament, 100 metres, Long Jump, High Jump and 1500 metres were held in different categories.
When we reflect on the life and works of Jesus, the question arises, what is the value of the Gospel today? The Gospel is not a selfish life, it is not a selfish life, it is not a glory, it is not a glory and it is not a wealth making business.
Regarding the resignation of the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, Pangniang said that he has nothing to explain or say. He has nothing to say against what the VPP has planned for the Jaitbynriew.
“The JSU in its 50th anniversary has gained the trust of the people to bring the voice of the people to the government in many areas to meet their demands,” he said. Speaking at the opening ceremony of the 50th Anniversary of the JSU at the District Library Auditorium, Jowai on Saturday.
Khanapara Police Station, on receiving a tip at 3 pm on the morning of the 11th, immediately rushed to the scene. this is the robbery.
There are 2032 private candidates out of which 1038 are males and 944 are females.
Due to the outbreak of Covid-19, the 121st Anniversary Celebration was held with only 300 people according to the guidelines laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
As the Minister of the department, I will try my best to complete the construction of the offices of this office within 5 or 6 months,” said Sniawbha.
Shillong: There have been 59 new cases of covid-19 in the state today, including 54 cases from East Khasi Hills.
The inspection was led by Deputy CEM of KHADC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar, in charge of Development, Planning and Art and Culture, Bah Donkupar Sumer, EM of Market, Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh, EM of Council Building. Rona Khymdeit, EM, KHADC officers, Village Leaders including Bah Johny Syiem, Rangbah Shnong of Lumnongrim, Bah P Syngkli, Lyngdoh of Raid Nongkyrla and others. .
As part of expressing the ability of the army to achieve success in curbing smuggling in the border areas, the spokesperson of the South Bengal Frontier praised the army.
Nongstoin, March 25: Nongstoin Police together with the Magistrates of West Khasi Hills District this evening rushed to Langpih following a clash between Khasi and Nepali communities at Maw Diangsnam near Langpih.
The Seng said that according to the reply of James Sangma in the Legislative Assembly, it has been informed that three licenses have been issued to private companies and also that the Government has already appointed the Chairman and the member of the Gaming Commission.
The media reported that there is a huge difference in the working methods of the RBI and the Government of India.
From 1997 to 2002, he studied from Nursery to IV and from Class V to VII at St. Dominic's Higher Secondary School, Mowkyndeng, 2003-2 .
At the same time, he said that the Dorbar Shnong has held a meeting on 08.03.2023 to clarify these issues, in which the Dorbar Shnong has requested the residents to open the Mawthawpdah Presbyterian ( Deficit) Upper Primary School so that it will not be a loss of students but the people under the leadership of Bah Sparlindro L.Marshilong did not respond to the request.
He said the leaders of the group have met with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Defense Minister James K Sangma and said they want to hold a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs. all to ensure that peace and order will be restored.
Kartik Pawar took two wickets for 6/81 while Abhishek Kumar scored 24 runs for Bihar.
Sixteen PHE personnel have visited Malang Hohua, a village on the border of Assam and Meghalaya, 10 kilometers from Boko, to inspect the water supply. They were robbed by these people and it was on this basis that the PHE officials lodged a complaint with the police.
They also said that the villagers are organized and united in the village affairs and help and share in the burden of the neighboring villagers.
Therefore, it was said that this news has damaged Japan's leadership at the upcoming G-7 summit, if it cannot bring its Foreign Minister to the G-7 summit. the G-20 summit in India.
Therefore, the Union invites all the Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District to attend the meeting on that day and at the venue, so that these issues can be discussed and discussed. the nation has been added.
A Russian bomb has killed 53 civilians, including three children, in one city.
There were 6 first div, 26 second div and 6 third div candidates.
In the Open Category (Single) there were 15 participants, 12 participants in the Open Category (Doubles), one Under 15 Girls (Single) and 2 participants in the Open Category (Doubles).
According to Schedules 11 and 12 of the Constitution of India, it is the duty of the State and Municipalities to ensure cleanliness and hygiene to ensure that everyone has access to clean air and drinking water. the livelihood of all citizens in the country.
The words that are still dangerous if you are not careful and think are the Kupli River because in the denum of the river from the power plant is called Kopili and there are kharthor who do not believe that it is the source. from the Sanskrit word Kopila which is related to the second birth of the Hindu god Vishnu.
The JNC under the leadership of the Chairman of the Environment Committee, Nini W Sungoh together with the JNC San Shnong Circle has organized a program to plant trees at Mutong village, near Moopun Falls, East Jaintia Hills District. The Secretary of the Committee Synjoy Bareh said that the tree planting was carried out on the basis of the issue.
Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, MLA Amlarem and former Minister of Education, said that the education department of the state government has received permission to start the four-year Integrated Course at BEd level this season. .
Regarding the proposal to upgrade the school from UP to Higher Secondary, the Chief Guest said that if he and his team get the opportunity to come back to power, he will Regarding the Subcentre, the Chief Guest expressed his surprise that the Sub Center has been discussed since 2009 but until now you can't see the sign.
These kwai were transported in three trucks.
Meghalaya is a Scheduled Tribe State because the majority of the population is Scheduled Tribe including Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
The State Level Subroto Mukherjee Football Tournament 2023 has been launched on Monday.
Others who have been elected EMs are Antonio War, Jansing Tynsong, Lamphrang Blah, Banteidor Lyngdoh and Donevan Wanlang.
Besides the death toll, 6,34,818 lakh people have been affected by the floods and 950 villages have been severely damaged.
It causes fever and can be fatal, especially in children and pregnant women.
“I myself take advantage of the election as an opportunity to explain to the people that they should vote to fulfill their rights and I also take it as an opportunity to explain to the people their rights. “It's a good idea to take the election as a celebration of democracy,” he said.
While four IED bombs weighing 20 kilos and 12 kilograms were recovered from a forest near Tumbahaka village, another IED bomb weighing 5 kilos was recovered from a forest area in Chota village. Kuira and Maradiri, said a statement sent by the police on Tuesday.
At the same time, he said that any change should be in accordance with the law.
Out of the 41 people who attended the wedding ceremony held at Khanapara, Assam; 2 persons have been confirmed positive for Covid-19 and out of these 2 persons, 8 persons have tested positive and so far 198 people have been in contact with these persons who have tested positive. you are quarantined.
Putellas is currently on the road to recovery from her injury sustained since November.
Because the men have married, they can no longer take care of their parents like their daughters and grandchildren.
Silchang A.Marak of Indira Gandhi Secondary School won the first prize (5.34m) and second prizes in the Long Jump for 18 years old boys. Rongsim P. Marak (4.91m) and Chanang S Sangma (4.87m) were third, while in the 16-year-old girls category, Nengchi Sangma came first, Labianghun Nongtnger came second and Dapynkmenshisha Sanglyne came third. three.
The Head of the DHS Health Engineering Wing, said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) in Nongstoin and Mawkyrwat should sanction the posts of MCH and ANM. These training centers and also the health care of children in the area should be opened as soon as possible.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abilash Banarwal, IAS, said that natural sources of water are another source of water, if the source of drinking water is polluted or if there is a shortage of water. “The first step is to plant trees to keep the water supply and to be careful not to throw away the wastewater.
One of the youths, who did not want to be named, said, “We understand that if there is any incident, there should be no police patrols to monitor those who cause incidents. However, the sad thing is that the Assam Police have 24 hours to patrol and the Meghalaya Police cannot patrol in these areas which has caused problems to the Khasi people.
Milan Skriniar and Danilo Pereira gave Cerezo the lead after five minutes through Croux to equalize in the first half.
If the Movement finds any Rangbah Shnongs involved in such fraud, it will lodge a complaint with the Chief Election Officer of the State Election Commission.
Out of the 29 States and 7 Union Territories in India, only 11 States are covered by Art
In a statement, Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit invited all the members of the Sengbhalang to attend the meeting and at the same time the outcome of the meeting will be sent to the Prime Minister. the country, and the central government ministers, to amend the bill.
Great people have always felt that they need clear work to know how to move forward.
There were also witnesses from both sides including WMynsong (former MDC Jirang), RV Lyngdoh (former MDC Mylliem), Dr. PW Khongjee (former MDC Mylliem). On behalf of UCIL, AC Kundu, US Tiwari, FD Rynjah, PK Mohanty and AB Samanta signed the agreement.
She said that even in Meghalaya, where the residents are descended from their mothers, there are only three women MLAs. She said that from the North East, there are only four women MLAs. The U-17 football team of Saiden Secondary School has reached the quarter final of the 63rd National Level Subroto Cup 2023, after continuing its victory. and in the city of Delhi.
“He said that this is the era of publishing books and it is no longer difficult because books can be published in e-book format which means there is no need to buy them.
Giriraj Singh – Minister of Animal Husbandry, Dairying and Fisheries24.
“There are about 600 lower primary schools in Khasi and Jaintia Hills with only one teacher and about 100 in Garo Hills,” said Dr Laloo. MGLPSTA) will be held on Saturday at Dinam Hall, Shillong.
“He was brought before the Rouse Avenue Court in Delhi on Tuesday as his 14-day remand in the custody of the ED has expired.
This time we will vote for our Khasi party.
It is pleasant to see the kindness of the residents who have the spirit of brotherhood and are willing to help these people with food as much as they feel able.
FIFA's promotion is based on recent performances in foreign tournaments.
Speaking as the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, he said that although many laws have been enacted to protect forests and wildlife, the implementation is very poor.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 14 : The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 was held today at Deinchynrum Stadium, EJHD under the auspices of the EJHDFA.
Others who gave speeches were Deovalente Tang and Mihsalan Dhar who are members of the All Jaintia Tourist and Commercial Vehicle Association.
In the areas that have been cleared for planting rice and after the rice has been harvested, kseh seeds should be planted or other trees should be planted in all the rice areas.
“It is enough if a political party does not want to submit its views.
There are also those who say that the team's success depends on the ability to count the team.
Shillong, Nailar 1: The Community Documentation Committee (CDC) – Mawlai – will soon release the first film ever produced for any village. The residents of Mawlai Village are not affected.
“I am surprised that Rs 1.24 crore has already been paid for the construction of the road.
Jowai, July 17: The Behdeiñkhlam festival of the Seiñ Raij Jowai, which is one of the State Festivals, will start from the 11th of November. and runs until May 14 this year.
"We have also shown them the specifications, drawings and design of the buildings for the 342 households to live in this area which is still under the European Ward according to their wishes," he said. Mr. Prestone.
After this meeting with the DC, the FKJGP together with the FKJGP have requested the DC not to allow the regieting of land in these areas where the army intends to take over the land. “It has not yet been resolved, because according to the information of the union, some land has been offered for sale, but the rightful owners have no information,” he added.
The Minister said that the staff and all the requirements are already in the cell but what is needed is the administrative authority to take decisions to be filled in the Directorate.
“Explaining to the people that he has for the people of Pynthorumkhrah, Bah Samborlang Diengdoh said that his appearance is not because of other traders or businessmen who come to compete to improve their plan.
These operations by the Army together with the State Police are aimed at curbing incidents that threaten the peace and security of all the residents.
“The counterfeit money, a vehicle and four mobile phones were seized.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of Education, Rakkam Sangma, said that the Government has given its full support to literacy in the state.
It cannot be said that the Hynniewtrep people have been surrounded by other peoples whose ancestry is on the father's side, so perhaps there may be a feeling that the Khasi too should have changed. the custom of being treated like others.
The bills that Shylla has proposed to the government during his last tenure as CEM include the ILP, Clan Bill, Khasi Social Customs Lineage Bill and many others. agree at all, not one so far.
Ltd, today in Umsning, launched the Dhups, which are made of siej from the factory of Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, located in Nongbah Myrdon, Ri Bhoi.
“We have seen tragic incidents in Afghanistan, but the incidents in the North East have been hidden by the government.
On the 25th July 2019, the residents of Raid Kongthong under the leadership of the Sordar of the Raid, Bah Sylloklang Majaw, came out to cover the Niangpyrhai Square with silver. Because you have received information that you have no intention of performing illegal puja by the Kanol, the Sordar has appointed you on the evening of 27th July
However, in this regard, the law enforcement agencies should take action and investigate thoroughly, to avoid any problems in the future.
He said that public awareness on health is very important and there needs to be cooperation with other health services, there should be policy makers, researchers and there should also be the community. village and it is also necessary to improve the health of the villagers.
He also informed that various indicators on income and economic growth have improved significantly in the last six years.
Mining trucks carrying coal from Narpuh District to Lower Assam (Barak Balley) have crossed the border and endangered the people walking and standing due to lack of safety measures.
Chutwakhu scored 169 runs in 16.1 overs for the loss of three wickets.
The CEO also informed that up to 13848 thousand voters' names have been removed from the Electoral Rolls on the grounds of death, relocation and others.
Netanyahu also made it clear that Israel will make arrangements to return the abductees to their homes and also made it clear that the Israeli army will not wanting to harm those not involved in the war.
The total number of cases so far has risen to 4,363 and the death toll has risen to
“When the political situation in these days has become hopeless for the future of the country and the nation because of the talk of money where the people who have a lot of money have just bought “It's a good idea to encourage people to become supporters of any party,” said Bah Metbah.
This comes after the proposal to build a railway line in Khasi Hills, has faced strong opposition from various groups including the Sengbhalang who are concerned about the illegal entry of foreign authorities.
Heavy rains in some parts of Meghalaya since July 9, have caused flooding in some parts of Shillong and have also endangered passengers passing through the Pynursla Road, which often occurs landslides.
No believers.
Shillong, July 26: Despite the unrest in Garo Hills, especially on the border between Meghalaya and Assam, the MTC has continued to operate buses to the Garo Hills. located Garo Hills.
Now it has deteriorated especially in needs such as shops,” said Bah Gavin.
Hamletson said the BJP's intention to introduce the CAB was not a coincidence but a long-planned one.
Genesis 18:16-23.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that after the ACMR has suspended the distribution of funds to all the states, in connection with the Covid-19 pandemic; The State Government today decided to suspend the payment of funds from 16th March 2020 in connection with the Covid-19 pandemic.
In his speech, he said that in 2018, the farmers suffered from the cold, in 2019, the yield of rice was more average and sufficient to sell, but now in , the disaster has struck them where from the phankaro because of the heavy rainfall this year they are not good, the phan also now that the rainfall has died and rots from the roots and all kinds of jhur if planted rotten for it is not slap.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, today announced that the curfew has been extended indefinitely in most of the villages on the Meghalaya-Assam border. from 9 to 12 o'clock in the morning.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) Thombor Shiwat has promised in front of the leaders of the MPUF that from now on the Executive Committee led by him will not be able to hold talks. The NOC is not available for any new factory.
On October 21, 2023, a powerful IED bomb exploded inside the office grounds of the mini secretariat in Ukhrul area. the house that was destroyed.
However, I feel that we as the UDP, we have grown up, we don't look anymore, we don't expect anymore only the applause, only the handshake, only the heat, we want our actions to speak louder than the our words," said Mr. Paul.
Jowai: Under the banner of the All Jaintia Hills Unit, Contract Teachers of LP Schools in West Jaintia Hills District have taken to the streets to protest against the government. The government has decided to dismiss them and replace them with others who have passed the Meghalaya Teacher Eligibility Test (MTET).
The flying of drones in many parts of Lucknow, including the Gorakhnath Temple, without prior permission has been banned by Gorakhpur government officials, officials said.
“We want to promote not only about famous leaders like Tirot Singh and Patogan Sangma and other leaders but also about the customs and traditions, knowledge about the past of the people. I would like to inform you that the State Government is now supporting the KHADC and other District Councils in their request to record this information and further investigation.
I will put a ring in the cloud.
The AICC General Secretary for Meghalaya also declined to comment on whether the party will trust the incumbent MP from Shillong constituency, Bah Vincent H Pala.
Sambor Sawkmie, after learning that he has been lodged a complaint against the girl, yesterday surrendered to the Umiam Police Station.
He said that the increase in the light bill may be due to the fact that the MePDCL employees have double counted the light bill and how can it reach tens of thousands of rupees? The Village Leaders of Mawryngkneng also informed the Minister in charge of Electricity that from Lad Nongkrem to Mawryngkneng, there are about 2000 households and 20 transformers. , but until now there is only one person to look after this and this has created problems in the villages where there is a shortage of light.
In a statement, the Commission said that on this occasion, it feels that the application of the rules and regulations should apply to all regardless of their relationship.
That’s just one responsibility at a minimum.
Candidates must serve as Steno Grade-II or Grade-III under the State Government for not less than 5 (five) years for competing the Speed ​​Test in English Stenography at 150 wpm.
The Government itself cannot follow up on the movement of the people of the state so if there is only one person who does not take advantage of this time, the loss of tens of thousands of lives will be. .
School, Presbyterian sec.
Shillong, July 19: The political situation in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has stirred up after the removal of Bah Pynshngain N Syiem from the post of CEM by the UDP, which is part of the Executive Committee under the banner of the People's Party. Democratic Forum ( PDF).
In another development, the Vaishno Devi Temple will reopen from today after being closed for three months.
At the same time, Prestone said that the MDA-2 government led by the National People's Party (NPP) has also decided to hold discussions and take a decision on the implementation of the Roster System in the upcoming meeting of the Cabinet.
Nongpoh, Nailur 28: The Joint Action Committee of the three political parties in Ri Bhoi District, HANM, RBPM and RBPUO, has taken a decision to continue to oppose the HANM, RBPM and RBPUO. The NH-7 Bacardi Festival will be held in the District.
This was announced by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Development Department, Sniawbhalang Dhar in reply to a question in the Legislative Assembly on Thursday.
Various competitions including Red Show, RCC Quiz Competition, Marathon (Red Run) and Flash Mob were held during these two days.
This was announced by the President of the Thomas Higher Secondary Football Academy.
Four people were reportedly killed after two small planes collided in northeastern Spain on Sunday.
Commenting on this, the President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee, Bah Vincent H Pala, who is also MP from Shillong, said, “The people are ready to accept this approach, but this government has not. Delhi has not done anything to change the rules, but it has not done anything because they don't want the scientific mining method, they don't want the scientific mining method. the right path but they want it to be the wrong path because it benefits them.
East Garo Hills and South West Khasi Hills won by five wickets each in the Inter District U-19 Boys Cricket Tournament organized by MCA at Khliehtyrshi and Tura on Friday.
The CEM of JHADC, Ma Thombor Shiwat, has expressed his concern over the increasing protests by the employees of JHADC over the lack of salary. by someone through them for the benefit of someone.
In the air strike, India also lost a MIG 21 and a pilot, who went missing and Pakistan claimed to have captured the Indian pilot.
However, the officer explained that according to the rules and regulations of the government, not many staff can be appointed in the Sun Health Centres, but only two. employees were available.
In the next round of the season, Lajong will fight as hard as they can to move up the table, but to reach this goal, Lajong need to fight hard after witnessing the Mawlai's strength in the first half of the season.
Out of these over thirteen thousand, only 36 students were selected as the highest performing participants.
The second match of the tournament will be between Malki SC and Nangkiew Irat SC at 4 pm.
Therefore, it is not known whether it is possible to revive an Act which was abolished before the commencement of the Constitution, because Article 372 (1) contains only the Acts which were in force until the moment before the commencement of the Constitution. that they may continue to operate until changed or removed by the authorities – Quote “.
According to the information received by this reporter, there are about 4,000 applicants for the post and only about 200 candidates have applied for the post. The reason why these youths have decided to stop the race is because the rules and regulations have been changed and many of the youths have applied for jobs because on that day the organizers of the race did not Requirements such as admit card and others were not properly considered before the race.
The complete durim is expected to be completed before the end of 2019 and will be exhibited at durim festivals across India and internationally if the opportunity arises.
This was announced by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma while talking to media in Ïalong on Friday.
Regarding the changes in the activities of the terrorists, it has now emerged that they have used pistols for killings in Kashmir.
This custom is based on the respect of the electors of the Syiem or Sordar/Rangbah Shnong of the Bri U Hynniewtrep. .
Nongstoiñ, July 17: The Vocational Training Centre, Manai, has been set up as part of the development of agriculture in Meghalaya, especially for the residents of three districts of the state, namely West. Khasi Hills, Eastern West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills, will conduct training programs on pig, cattle, goat and dairy farming from July this year to October year you will come.
If they cannot do so, it means that they are fighting only in Shillong.
Shillong: The residents of Thieddieng village under the leadership of Bah JS Sohtun on 24th November 2013 have marched to Kenbah to protest against the employees of NEEPCO on the allegation that the company is planning to build a power plant. House doesn't have a rep.
“The SMCs should also understand their responsibility because the government alone cannot solve the problem.
According to a report from NEHU, the strength of the erbih, in the area where there is a uranium waste dump and in the surrounding villages, is below the estimated value. There is no radiation in the Phud Syngkai River, which is located in the Phud Syngkai River.
Hinduja, which manufactures Ashok Leyland vehicles, today announced a temporary suspension of production of its vehicles due to the low traffic in recent days.
The meeting was organized by the Federation of Bangladesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FBCCI), with 10 members from the North East led by the President and Vice President of the Federation of Bangladesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FBCCI). Guwahati President Aminur Rashid Chowdhury and Vice President Dolly Khonglah will leave Guwahati on Thursday to attend the summit.
The winners of the Prime Meghalaya competition have received T.50 lakh to start their own businesses and others have received T.10 lakh, T. .5 lakh, T.3 lakh and so on.
They said that there are some managers who belong only to certain lines but they go to work against other lines belonging to others and this robbery has affected the income of those others. who successfully floated tenders at a lower price.
The Seng Kur has an important role to play in educating all the members of the Kur on the values ​​of dignity and especially the marriage.
It may be recalled that this is not the first time that Dr Mukul Sangma has joined the BJP. It has happened that Dr Mukul Sangma has met with BJP leaders. However, Dr Mukul has already clarified that he has never had such a meeting with the BJP leaders and has no intention of joining the BJP so far.
The Jews believed that Jesus was the only man born in Israel.
There is no need to explain this plan because the people have understood better.
The awareness program was conducted by the State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR), Meghalaya and the State Resource Center for Women (SR CW), Meghalaya in collaboration with the Social Welfare Department, Meghalaya and the Round Table. , India.
How many people have seen that the leaders often talk only about the present which stands for the future without regard even if the nation disappears and disappears from the face of the earth.
This protest by HITO is surprising and has never happened before in Meghalaya or in India because of the colorful flowers.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 81290 out of which 78267 have recovered and 1404 have died.
Willy, who is known as the friend of the people, has been an MDC, member of the MPSC and is still a member of the Congress.
According to the parents and students who stood in line to get the forms from the college, the college authorities have issued only 150 forms. on the 24th and 25th and another 200 on the 26th of January, 2023, while there are only 33 seats.
The probability of cleansing or conviction is only 22.68%.
The scheme is to improve the income of the rural villages by providing 100 days of employment to the villagers.
Shillong, July 15: The employees of MCCL under the umbrella of the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Employees' Union (MCCEU) who continued their indefinite strike on Tuesday received the support of their former leaders. who questioned the working methods of the Government.
The union also said that the establishment of this school is an obstacle to the children of this village to grow like other people.
The campaign was led by Samla Banbuddien Suting, President of FKJGP Pahamsyiem Unit along with members of the FKJGP Pahamsyiem Unit.
The price of LGP Cylinder from now on is T.999.50 per cylinder.
The HYC did not find any doctors in the area to provide treatment to the sick.
Regarding the intention of these two leaders to contest the election next year, they said that they are still waiting for the approval from the BJP Meghalaya State Unit. Whether to approve them as candidates to contest from these constituencies as they wish.
Noting that the march has disrupted the peace and order in the society through the videos which have been spread in the media, he said, “This march is not nothing, but only a show of strength.
The passing away of Dr Syiem is a loss to his family and the people of Nongpoh Constituency, said a statement from Bah Lapang.
In this age, 'the righteous shall be cut off', while 'the wicked shall be honored and exalted by all.
Don't allow the Npp because it is too bad and doesn't care about the people.
In this way, not only has it overwhelmed, but it has also overwhelmed the people in the south of Ri Khasi, until they no longer know how to respect their own culture.
The price of commercial taxis and the price of petrol and diesel has remained stable in the past few months, but the price of petrol and diesel has remained unchanged despite the difference between the previous price and the price of petrol. Petrol has now dropped by T.20 per litre and Diesel has fallen by T.12 per litre.
Cornilius Kharbuki said that the Seng Kur Kharbuki from Lawmei village has been forcing the election of Ministers even after there was a demand to hold elections. On the 13th of this month, Bah Zuberstar Kharbuki was confirmed as the Minister from Lawmei to lead the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima from the Kur Kharbuki.
The Advocate-General said that Youdishthra Bhama is the son of Balwant Bhama and Balwant Bhama is the one who has been complained of threatening the plaintiff.
After the quarantine period, all cheetahs were taken to suitable cages.
If all the farmers follow that path, where will the agriculture in this state go? And who among the farmers wants to stay at a loss? We all want a better life and one that can bring us more income.
It is best to remove this cover in the morning so that the seedlings get sun.
In particular, the destruction of forests in the countries of the world sends a message of warning.
The inability to use the Khasi language in writing in the Indian Civil Service in the Main which is 300 marks.
Others who attended the meeting included the Director of JHDS Fr. Manbha Pakem, the Coordinator of JHDS Bah Denis Kurkalang, the Rangbah Shnong of Namdon B Damian S. War and other dignitaries. The house will be built on an area of ​​3000 sq meter donated by the Dorbar Shnong and the cost of construction will be 16,66,000/- tyngka.
However, suddenly, the Maruti car, as soon as it reached the place near the road to Mawthawniaw village, it collided with a truck which was coming from Sohpian area through the highway.
Your initiative as the District Council will be a blessing, especially to the Rit Paid of Meghalaya, the Khasi Hills and the Council as a whole.
Shillong, Jymmang 18 : Three Congress leaders will join the National People's Party (NPP) at a welcome ceremony to be held in Shillong on Monday evening. Two Congress leaders include two MDCs, one from Mawkyrwat, one from Mawkyrwat, one from Mairang, one from Batskhem Ryntathiang.
On the other hand, the UDP has sent its condolences to the family of Dr Donkupar Roy. Roy.
It is true that the riewlum know about the customs and traditions of the riewthor and in turn the riewthor know the customs and traditions of the riewlum.
The tournament started on Saturday at Lympung Ground under the leadership of Rgh Wom Chyrmang.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30 : The Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs and Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, who is also the MLA of Mawkynrew Constituency, has expressed his strong opposition to the remarks of the CEM of Karbi Anglong Autonomous District Council (KAADC). Tuliram Ronghang who alleged that the Pnars living in Mukroh and other Pnar villages in Block I are foreigners and have been illegally living in these areas.
Jowai: The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills today issued an order ban ban any strikes in relation to food items and other necessities for the people at this time. The world is in turmoil due to the outbreak of Covid-1
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 28 : The Western Ri Bhoi Dorbar, one of the groups of elders in the Ri Bhoi District, has expressed its deep sorrow over the lack of electricity supply to the villages in the Patharkhmah area. and Jirang and this lack of electricity has caused suffering to the residents of the village who often have to live in darkness.
The winners of the semifinals in both categories received the Rnong medal, including Nagaland and Meghalaya in the men's category and Meghalaya and Tripura in the women's category.
“You know, I know the hearts of the people, if there is an MLA election now, we will win at least 36 seats in the state,” he said. win at least 36 MLAs".
“If you look closely, there are parties who have expressed their willingness to work together to form a government other than the BJP-NPP but suddenly they have joined another party. From the meeting we have discussed, you have understood why this is the case,” said Dr Mukul.
Therefore, on this day, it has declared that the 5th June will be the World Environment Day.
Shillong: The Mawhati Block Congress Committee (MDC) today met with Bah DD Lapang at his residence in Shillong in the presence of of 20 other members of the Block Congress.
"Friends, believe it or not, when you see the sick, the pastors don't give money but they just pray, while when you see the sick, they give money.
Eastern West Khasi Hills District today celebrated its 10th Anniversary at a function held at Madan Mot Tirot, Mairang Mission, Mairang. Metbah Lyngdoh was the chief guest in the presence of the Minister of Water Resources, Bah Brolding Nongsiej who was the chief guest.
However, Sangleiñ said that the interview was called by the KHADC authorities for the purpose of appointing Marchwell Lyngdoh as Deputy Chief Forest Officer. Although it is not the custom to call for interviews, officers should be promoted one by one.
Albert said that Anthony was arrested from the ground floor of his house at 3.15 pm in Nongthymmai.
The farmers should have their own units in each village so that they can fight against the problems, he added.
Martle also criticized the national parties especially the Congress for bringing about many destructive activities and bad teachings.
The white stick was first invented by Dr. Richard E. Hoover of the USA and this doctor has developed many devices that can be used worldwide by people with visual impairments or blindness. .
Swiggy employees meet with Paul Swiggy yesterday sent a petition to Swiggy employees to submit a petition to Bah Paul Lyngdoh, in charge of trade at KHADC to request him to express their grievances if Swiggy has been banned because some of them have bought motorcycles with money to speed up their work there. it is better to work for this company.
After the husband left, Bah Shanbor talked to his wife about the news.
The Synjuk Ki Seng Samla Shnong in a statement sent by its Chairman, Samla Pynshaibok Diengdoh, encourages each and every youth to rise up and reach the goal in their struggle in this examination. and to raise the name of the nation as a whole, as a nation we really need the indigenous youth to hold higher positions in various fields.
Other awards such as Session Topper, Best Project, and Best Personalities were also awarded to the trainees.
Who is responsible for this? Oh, this is a very destructive act and should be stopped immediately.
Although the vehicle escaped from the hands of these groups, it was caught by the police who detained it at the Phramer Traffic Cell.
At the same time, she said that although she likes to smile, but there is another problem and that is, and that is that since she was young with Ranbir Kapoor and even until In these days, when they were sitting, she was forced by Ranbir to remove her lips, because Ranbir was more beautiful than her lips, which didn't have lips. something.
Nongstoin, July 12: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills District (HYC) is delighted with the results of the SSLC and HSSLC examinations this year.
“We have held a meeting in my capacity and that of the Chief Secretary where we have been watching because the relocation of the equipment has to be completed. as soon as possible before the 15th of June.
The announcement of the name of Bah Synshar comes after Bah HDR Lyngdoh, UDP candidate, passed away suddenly on 20th June, 2023, 10 months before the polling station. 27 October, 2023.
After the reply, the Chief Minister, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, stood up from his seat and said that the government should fight for the award as this is the longest speech of all the dorbars in the. Country.
Not only that, it was reported that while these militants were burning alive, while they were eating and drinking, said another witness.
These Huroi residents who own land in Lahaleiñ (Lailong) area have not yet received compensation for the damage to crops caused by the construction of signboards and roads by the National Building Construction Company (NBCC).
One of the Rangbah said that the main reason for the lack of opportunities for the youth is due to the excessive use of black money that parents give to their children while that I.
Shillong Engineering College will be merged with NEHU for the purpose of providing training to students.
The awards were presented by the District Sports Officer and Assistant Director of Sports Khroobok Passah in the presence of Jowai MLA, WJHDCA and MCA officials. Irat SC won the Shillong Premier League 6-1 on Saturday at the SSA First Ground, Polo.
According to Bah Syiem, Bah Joy's wife is Nora Evalyn Nichols and she was born on June 27, 1879 in Idaho, USA.
The meeting was to discuss the letter from the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, regarding the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement adopted by the Government of India and the 25 Khasi States on date of July 1948.
On the other hand, the union cannot help but thank these two organizations who have supported to strengthen this issue, because of the negligence of the authorities in charge of MUDA. Rocky Kylla, Chairman of Umsning Town Durbar, former President of RBYF Umsning Circle, Bah Angelius Sun, Rangbah Shnong of Umsaw Nongkharai, former Sports Secretary of RBYF CL Masharing, former RBYF President, Sosthenes Sohtun, former RBYF Byrnihat Circle President and others, who were ready to help in this incident, said Bah BP Thank you.
“Unanimously, it has been agreed to have a pre-poll alliance and a Coordination Committee has been set up to manage the work on this,” said Dr Donkupar.
Without mistake, this is right.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 22: A man has been seriously injured in a shooting incident in Langpih Village this evening.
Ranveer's only opportunity to showcase himself again is in Bhansali's Baiju Bawra, which he will co-star with Alia.
Even in the field of khadar administration such as the construction of roads and the supply of water to every household, there are still many shortcomings.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Pius Marweiñ, MLA/MDC of Ranikor Constituency, said that this day is a day of remembrance for the four villages as the foundation stone was laid today. as a sign of hope for what the people have longed for in terms of adequate drinking water supply or government schemes.
The river flows and the shaba flows.
KHLIEHRIAT: The 6 Shnong Wah Lukha Association (CCA) has expressed its gratitude and congratulations to all the people who came to support the 6 villages to stand against the proposed mining project of Star Cement until the public hearing convened by the Wah Lukha Association. MSPCB on Saturday in Brishyrnot.
Speaking to reporters in the city, TUR leader Angela Rangad said that after receiving information from RTI, it was found that there has been irregularities in the state government. foundation of the constitution of the country.
Besides, MAWU has also demanded that the Minister should increase the salary of the ASHA Facilitators as the salary of the ASHA Facilitators is only 400 tyngka. to drive vehicles to carry out the work assigned to them by the department.
In the Tura zone, Chipakkore FC beat Warima Youth Club 1-1 at Chandmari Ground.
The opposition has strongly criticized the Indian government for its plan to shut down the newspapers and thus suspend the advertising of those newspapers that write against it.
In this regard, it was decided to appoint a Sub Committee to investigate the shortcomings of the Committee and the Dolloi was elected as the Chairman of the Sub-Committee and the Waheh Shnongs of all the Four Shnongs as Members. .
The reason is that these truck drivers from Bhutan are allowed to transport coal while the Meghalayans are not allowed.
This kingdom lasted for less than four hundred years under the rule of the ancient Sutnga kings and Rajendra Singh (1832-35) was the last king of the 5th.
He said that Umkiang village will stand firmly against Star Cement for its project in Brishyrnot.
The Government should take this seriously because in the end, it will be the Government that will decide whether to accept or reject the recommendations of the Committee.
During the search, police recovered 12 klongs with a capacity of 20 liters and the total amount of liquor seized was 240 liters.
However, many of our wells have now been destroyed.
Speeches were also delivered by Member of Sieng Riti Institute Babu Kular Khongjirem, President Komik Khongjirem and Rojet Buhphang.
“We are also in the middle of the war on drugs and we will continue to fight until we win," he said.
Half an hour after the incident, Rupang arrived at the scene at 2:30 pm, but found that no one had been able to rescue the people inside. , and it was at 2:50 pm that Aditya, a 5-year-old child, was first arrested and at the time of the arrest, the child cried and shouted 'Ama ama' seeing injury marks bleeding from parts of his head.
The reasons for the increase in prices were the increase in the price of food items such as rice, atta, dai, milk, goat meat, sugar, sohmynken, shynrai, piat, rynsun and others by 8.38 points and 7.69 points respectively.
Bokstar is currently in the ICU and is still in critical condition.
In the third part of the book, Muktan said it is about the Kargil war in 1999 in which 22 Gorkhas lost their lives in the war to liberate Kashmir from the British. from Pakistan.
Therefore, once again I would like to remind and request all the residents who have responsibility for their own families and communities to take action on this request and request from the SNSBH. .
Members of the Nongkhlaw Kur who signed a petition submitted to the Executive Member of KHADC in charge of the Elaka, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, said that the election of Bah Thres Kurwar Sadew as Minister was not elected by the Kur. Nongkhlaw and Sadew as usual, but only 7 members of the Kurwar Sadew clan were elected from the Nongkhlaw clan through an affidavit.
The MLA donated 5 kg of rice per household and the MDC 2 kg.
At this time, I would like to urge the youth of the country to start now to stand on your own feet and look far because the country needs you to be leaders in the country. to rebuild a brighter society.
I as the President of MPLU have decided to attend this meeting in order to take decisions because these issues have affected the people of the state and we have decided to stand up. fight against them," said Sutnga.
What will happen to them if they stay alone like me? Is there anyone who is willing to remain as lonely as I am in the Opposition for all five years?’ he asked.
After this, the Holy Eucharist was celebrated by Fr.Gervasis K, who is also the former parish priest of this parish. in the presence of several priests from Shillong.
“It is on this basis that I have decided to continue my service while I am breathing and also while my blood is flowing in my blood vessels where my service will never end,” he said.
Johnson was reportedly with his 32-year-old wife when she gave birth.
At this Dorbar, according to the rules, there shall be an hour for questions, the Budget and the date of the Dorbar may be extended if necessary.
Shillong, July 10: Hundreds of students of CMJ University, today, turned to the Addl.Secretariat to express their demand from the government to restore their right to continue their studies. their.
International and civil society groups have strongly opposed the Modi government's decision, saying the BJP wants to bring more Hindus to India so that Hindus will have more power in governance.
" She spoke and sat down there.
“On the other hand, Bah Shaibor Nongrum President of HANM Riwar Mihngi Circle has strongly criticized the government for neglecting the people of this village and said that it is an insult just because they are villagers.
Later, a speech was delivered by Bah Meban Tariang Counselor of KRIPA Foundation who has been addicted to such alcoholic beverages and has now turned to a new life and has been working under KRIPA Foundation for many years.
The desire of the flesh rules, and it will not submit to rule, even though weakness, suffering, and death are the result of its rule.
In the individual awards, Eric Kharlyngdoh won the best player, Mebankyrshan Ryntathiang won the best goalkeeper, Eldyfast Wanniang won the best player of the tournament and Basuk Bina scored the most goals for Weiloi FC. Guest speakers on the occasion were Dundee Cliff Khongsit, President of FKJGP Central Body, Rangstarwell Wankhar, Range Officer (retired) of the Soil & Water Conservation Federation as the chief guest in the presence of Bah Aaron Laloo, Consultant and other invitees.
Samakha said that since then, the DC of WKHD has issued an order that if there is any kind of meeting with more than 10 to 15 people, they should have a meeting. With the permission of the village, the Hima, the Raid and the DC, the meetings will not be held.
However, the Government on Friday issued a notification to set up an Expert Committee to look into the new Reservation Policy in the state. don't be afraid.
This requires the cooperation of citizens, police and other law enforcement agencies.
Even the State Government is not clear, the political parties are not accurate and confused.
Valiente joined FC Goa last season, but was not able to perform well due to injury in the middle of the 2022-23 season.
Shillong, June 14: The KSU Lawbah Border Area Circle (KSU) has lodged a petition with the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya to protest against the implementation of the Special Purpose Vehicle Society. order of the Supreme Court of the country.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Deputy Rangbah Shnong of Nongmensong, Bah Khonglah, Rangbah Shnong of Nongmensong, Bah Micky Nongrang, President of the NPP Women's Wing, Kong P.Nongpluh and the residents.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 56052 out of which 41132 have recovered and 926 have died.
Emi scored the third goal for Laloo (88′).
They all now give their unconditional support to the MDA government and it is on this basis that they support the government without the approval of the MPCC that they will be suspended because the BJP is also working with them. Shillong, March 07: Joycy Lyngdoh, 35, from Meghalaya, has been named the first female truck driver to work with Amazon. the belief that women cannot do the work that men do.
A man in Belgium wants to become famous in the world by sitting in the toilet for five days.
On the recent order of the Supreme Court on the Reservation Policy, the Prime Minister said that even so, the Reservation Policy will not be affected. the state.
It is also prohibited for garbage collectors not to burn garbage and to dump it in garbage dumps.
Last year, there were about 30 incidents of illegal mining which have been recorded, and about 7 incidents have been recorded this year since 1st July. .
The CRI rally in Nongpoh was attended by religious leaders from the North East, including Br.
You have earned many Distinctions.
In 2006, only those who bought mobile phones were those who had a higher income and were more educated.
After Bhupesh Chaudhury, an IAS officer working in Mizoram, Krishna Mohan Uppu, who works in the same state, has lodged a complaint with the Home Ministry. He, too, was banned from attending the Republic Day celebrations on 26th July 2019 in Aizawl.
On the other hand, JACATAM leaders said that Dr Laloo's failure to invite teachers who wanted to discuss the state of education and their problems shows that he does not care about the teachers. in this state.
Do you think the Assam Government will allow them to return to Meghalaya after they have already been marked as part of Assam? Is there any intention to convene another committee to consider when the matter is already dead? Is it a waste of time, energy and money to resume the work that has not been done? All these are the rights of the residents as well as the various organizations that have the concern for the country and the nation especially for the border inherited by our ancestors.
“I promise the Member of the House that on this issue, which is my favorite, I will look into these issues myself and I will look into each application myself and find out these rules.
As a woman you must be a woman to stand up for the country and the nation.
In the women's 400m U-18 category, Rikmenlang Syiemiong of Jakrem Presbyterian Higher Secondary School came first, Latyngkai Kharlyngdoh of Maharam Government HSSM came second and Wandaboklin Jyrwa of Mawrangkynda GOC Secondary School came second. in the third place.
Congratulating the graduates, he said, “The degree you receive is like an insurance policy with a premium paid by hard work over the years.
There are 32 coke factories in East Jaintia Hills.
Nongpoh: A youth has died in an accident on the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi District, Umsawnongkharai village, on Tuesday, after a scooty collided with another vehicle. The house where he was sitting collided with a truck.
Even though those rulers were paradoh parasam, it seemed that they were not really responsible.
I am a Khasi Khara child, even though I am still a card, I have to express my opinion on this issue which affects the dignity of the Khasi Pnar people.
In this morning, after the ceremony at Kloo Langdoh, the next part of the ceremony that the Wasan have to perform at Ïung Langdoh is the “Thung Sang” where the Wasan take the Toh seed riewhadem. -sohkhia and bet in the rasa garden near the Langdoh house and with the completion of this ritual the children of the Raij of the village on the next day were able to start their bet planting.
The meeting was conducted by Bah BL Nongum General Secretary of the party who said that the party demands a full time BDO in Mawsynram Block.
Speaking at a meeting of the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA) in Guwahati today, Shah said, “Our aim is to remove all the mynder from all over the country and not just. and Assam”.
The allocation of T.9.40 lakh to these constituencies is to implement the scheme according to the guidelines relating to the cleaning of Wahumkhrah. The MDC has spent lakhs of rupees for the purchase of ambulance vehicles, while others have spent lakhs of rupees to purchase garbage trucks.
The Minister also urged the people to be vigilant and as far as possible, to have order in themselves, without having to wait for the police patrolling, but take responsibility for themselves.
Shillong: On the 20th of this month, West Garo Hills Police received a tip that a child has been kidnapped and a ransom of T.10 lakh has been demanded for his release. noh to this child.
Most Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar, in his advice and encouragement to the youth of the Diocese, said that as the youth have taken the theme for the year 2024, “You children, obey your parents as Children, obey your parents in the Lord, fearing God.
There are other constituencies which have been counted as foolish and troin but they will show that they are clear and progressive in their way of thinking.
Not only to schools but the government has also assisted many colleges in the state and many of them are Government Aided Colleges.
The funeral service will be held on the 24th June, 2020 at the Mawkhar Presbyterian Church, Mission Compound at 1 pm.
Speaking to reporters, Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun said that as MLA of Jirang Constituency, he strongly opposes the casino to be brought within the boundary of his constituency. He said that as an MLA, he has to listen to the voice of the people, because since the casino was discussed, many of the people from his constituency and even from Ri Bhoi have strongly opposed it. at the Casino.
“Let the people judge this,” said Bah Process.
For vehicles coming on Sunday, those coming from the National Highway Shillong should enter from two roads.
He said that Bah Pynïaid is also the right person to take over this post because he has held many positions as an MDC. Foreigners, including those from abroad, know and recognize the District Council here, as it is the first to exist in India.
The residents of the village are also advised that if they leave the village to visit any place they need, please inform the Rangbah Shnong or Secretary Shnong so that they can take the necessary action.
(Mark 1:41).
Meghalaya has 11 districts and Sohra will have 12 districts with an area of ​​24,000 sq km. If you fly by helicopter from Garo Hills to Khasi Hills, you will get for just under an hour.
The Minister of PWD announced that the government has allocated T.86 lakh for the 0.370 kilometer road and said that the road will be constructed soon.
I appreciate it very much, but we must spread this to all schools to reach the students.
Panah replied, “Listen, you will come to your mother.
The film is directed by Anthony Khyriem who is also the singer and produced by RK Sayo who is also the tyngshop.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 17: The Ri-Bhoi District Badminton Tournament on Thursday kicked off the Open Badminton Tournament at the State Sports Council, Meghalaya Indoor Stadium.
The scheme was inaugurated by the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhaya at a meeting held at the Conference Hall of the Deputy Commissioner's Office in Nongpoh.
Therefore, life is precious.
Therefore, the union urges the DC to talk to the district authorities of Assam, urging them not to interfere with any development schemes and also to respect each other. that the people who dwell in the land may live in peace.
Is this correct? No.
On the 20th of this month, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government will consider the demands of the HNLC to forgive all the charges against its leaders and members.
Shillong, November 20: The party is not surprised by the decision of two former Congress MLAs to join the NPP. because the party has already tipped off.
Last month, a plane from the same country, carrying 62 people, crashed into the sea.
The use of the word "War" or "Pnar" or Bhoi refers to the areas related to geography in terms of physical features. Those who came from Pnar were called Pnar, those who came from Bhoi were called Bhoi, which does not mean that War or Pnar or Bhoi is the name of the tribe.
Earlier, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Cyril VD Diengdoh, had given 10 months to the PWD to repair the collapsed bridge which has caused danger to the people who walk and stand in the area.
Police said they arrested the three persons after they could not provide answers or reasons why they had taken up to T.56 lakh worth 2,000 rupees from the Reserve Bank of India. it was announced that they would be destroyed.
The bus was seized at 1.30 pm on Tuesday at Umtyra.
“Look at the border between Meghalaya and Assam, in 2009-2014, the Congress government in Delhi, the Congress government in Assam, the Congress government in Meghalaya and our MP is also from the Congress. “Why can't we resolve the border, is it because we don't have the will, is it because we don't want to fight politics, there hasn't been anything in these 15 years,” said Bah Metbah.
It is because of this Hindi speech that has angered some of the MLAs and it is for this reason that Bah Adelbert has said that he will speak in his own language, Khasi.
Three of the victims were admitted to hospital.
Speeches were also delivered by KSU Tyrsad Circle President D. Umdor and Wanjingmut Jaba.
Then the Nongbah shall be filled with the people of the land.
“On this basis, we expect to complete this work on schedule”.
Notice that he rains even on non-Christian or non-Muslim places.
With the victory in Sohiong, the UDP now has 12 MLAs in the Legislative Assembly.
Many have worked hard to bring peace, but all of them will be in vain if we break peace and accept violence.
There are up to 4,000 RAMs in the KSU. I don't know anyone who has been arrested by the KSU.
The BSF troops are the border guards. How does he want to set up camp near the Assam border? He should protect himself from foreign enemies. Bangladeshi authorities have taken advantage of the smuggling and even robbers have taken advantage of the border area due to the negligence of the border troops.
Initially, the order issued on 10th November, 2023 regarding the closure of all shops in Shillong before 10 pm has been lifted.
One of his goals, if he reaches his goal, is to improve the livelihood of the farmers, from those who grow kwai, tymmew in the War area, those who grow synsar. “How much they are suffering because of the policies of the government, as well as those who farm rice, farmers synsar, as well as those in the Saipung area who farm in forest areas, the persecution farmers to the Forest Department, although the law has already passed that those who farm in Reserve Forests can work without being harassed. “I hope that if I win, I will look after the problems of the people, because as of now the coal belongs to us, especially from Sutnga, Sumer, Rymbai, Narpuh. Secretariat has lakhs of lakhs of tyngka, some say that they have to pay up to T 95000 thousand per truck in Meghalaya alone, T 30000 thousand per truck in Assam, the coal is ours while the money has to be paid up to T T3000 per shiton only to the government officials in uniform, that's just the harassment of our people here"“To leave the post of MP to contest for MLA is not an easy decision I don't know if I'm going to be able to do anything, but I'm going to be able to serve my children. If God allows and if the people allow, I want to serve in I hope and believe that when I walk upstairs when I walk around the places I see that people want me to contest elections and they want me to contest elections. “I will win and the only thing is that I have to work hard and I hope that I will reach the goal,” said Vincent.
These problems have made me silent until now...” said Kmie Rida.
The petition and appeal of Mr. Edwingson Bareh was written in English as follows: tradition are one and the same people.
Victor Dkhar was elected president, Kyrshanlang Dkhar vice president, Mondaystar Dkhar general secretary, Increase Dkhar assistant secretary, Maiantis Dkhar assistant secretary, Maiantis Dkhar treasurer, Phrangki Dkhar and Deibor Dkhar auditors, Mathew Dkhar and Perina Dkhar advisors. and Mrs. Neris Dkhar.
He said that according to the rules of the Central Government, this will be implemented through the Telecom Companies, this will require students who have passed Information of Technology (IT), this will also be on the employment of young people.
The reason is that the school fees are not issued along with the ration fees and this creates a problem because you have to leave the next day even if it is only 10 byrni or less. for school meals.
It is also necessary to live a life of holiness and obedience because God is holy and Jesus also submitted Himself to the Father until His death to save mankind.
“After examining three children, it was found that these children have difficulty in going to school due to the lack of willingness to go to school for many reasons such as watching too many cartoons on TV,” he said. said Dr V. Sripathi, Senior Consultant Pediatric Urologist and Robotic Surgeon.
The launch of the program is part of India's Pradhan Mantri TB Mukth Abhiyaan, which aims to reduce the number of TB cases in India by
According to Bah Rowel, the District Council Affairs (DCA) has not yet commented on this.
There are 15 pensioners and 60 children under 14 years of age.
The newspaper on Tuesday said that the government has not yet decided on the allocation of schools as it has not received a letter from the central government on this matter.
Saleng said the party does not have the funds to nominate many candidates in each constituency in the upcoming elections in Garo Hills. other.
He said that the cooperation of the political parties in this election is different from the past because now MLAs cannot leave the party as they please with the Anti-Defection Law.
Marak said the MDA Government should take responsibility for its lack of action and lack of willingness to improve the education sector – at the same time it is unacceptable that students in the States are suffering from lack of responsibility and lack of ability to provide adequate education facilities.
Sohra, Jymmang 05: The President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Thursday criticized the issuance of Trading License by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in the past few days. The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, has decided to visit Ïewduh to collect Trading License only after the MDC elections.
He also urged the supporters to be steadfast in the foundation, to be strong-minded and to be united.
Due to high maternal mortality rate, the government has been trying all possible ways to reduce maternal and newborn mortality.
Inheritance will also eliminate where this system has allowed as exploitation and disadvantages those who are genuinely eager to work for themselves.
One of these incidents happened on the NH-17 near Chokabaha village and another near the Singra Reserve Forest on Sunday night. and another incident last Sunday night in Borpara.
The Government is well aware that as the time goes by, the people forget and become more and more aware of public issues.
On the night of 27th June, an Alto (No.WB-06-J-7927) collided with a Scooty (ML-05-N-4585). He was seriously injured and was taken to Woodland Hospital.
The NSCN(K) has vowed to expel Airtel from Nagaland, accusing the company of misleading by creating division between the NSCN(K), civil society and the Naga people.
Regarding the removal of Rangbah Shnongs due to corruption , corruption and others , she said that there are Dorbar Shnongs who hold the powers and can remove the powers of the person who commits but you must not be affected by evil deeds.
Ma Comingone Ymbon MLA of Raliang has donated a power tiller and solar dyer to the Village Organisation, Khliehrangnah.
Today, we are witnessing the beginning of the journey of national unity.
For six months , no action has been taken by the Opposition to show their opposition to these Bills , since their voice was last heard after the opening of the Dorbar and what they said in the House ' No-No-No'.
The key issues are the specific need for mental health, types of mental health disorders, symptoms of these disorders, causes of these disorders, ways of getting help or treatment if they get such diseases.
The Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang, Bah W. Nongsiej said that the project, which was implemented by the Fisheries Department under the Blue Revolution scheme, has been completed at a cost of Rs. 10 lakh per fish farm, of which 6 lakh has been paid through subsidy while 4 lakh has been paid by the beneficiaries of the scheme.
Shillong, July: U MLA of Mawlai, Bah PT Sawkmie on Tuesday expressed his deep concern over the increasing number of thefts in the city, especially in the Mawlai area.
However, there are others who have changed this by making the children take the lineage from the father.
At the Lyngwiar Thohdur which was held for about 40 days at ICSSR, NEHU, there was also a discussion between the experts from both sides to showcase their skills and explain the nature of Thohdur. in the country of Lajong.
The Chiefs of Hima and Elaka also had the opportunity to express their views at the meeting.
“Then, I will bring him on the 14th of this month,” said the officer.
Not only that, these vehicles have to face heavy traffic jam to get out of the places where they come to leave the school, the reason is that in the last hour, the vehicles have entered without this. I brought back a great storm.
At the same time, he said the BJP has not increased its votes in the state and has more than 9.5% in all the elections whether in the Lok Sabha and the Legislative Assembly. State where it won only 2
In the third Ground Polo, Diengpasoh FC played well from the start with Bapynkmenlang Kharsati scoring the only goal in the 1st, 10th minute. , 18, 43 & 60.
"We have recaptured the border with Gaza and closed the entry points on Saturday," IDF officials said. After the bombings from Saturday evening for three days until Sunday night in more than 100 Hamas strongholds.
Other Christians also commemorated this day by holding services and prayers in their own churches.
According to the rule, to win the seat, the party must win four MLAs in the 60-member Assembly.
This is the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya (Members Pension (Amendment) Bill
The three students who have won the Topper this year include Hakacheini Passah from Loomiongkjam who passed the HSSLC Examination 2021 with 88.8% with Distinction in Khasi, Chemistry, Biology and Maths. and Physics, Roderick Passah from Dulong in the SSLC Examination 2022 who scored 90.50% with Distinction in English, Additional English, Science & Technology, Social Science, Mathematics and Physical Education, as well as Arwaka Lamurong from Dulong passed the SSLC Examination 2021 with 87.83% marks in English, Mathematics, Science and Technology, Social Science, Health Education and Khasi.
In his speech, Bah Hamlet said that the production of this documentary film is a summary of the work that the KSU has done in the past few years under the leadership of Bah Samuel and Bah Daniel. and Bah Hamlet in serving the country and the nation.
In the women's final, both the teams scored three goals each and the referee awarded the tie-breaker and Ïewrynghep Presbyterian won. to 7-6 col.
Shillong, Nailur 9: The landslide on the 1st of this month, has caused problems to the passengers in Dawki, these days.
Congratulating the people for their support, he said that the party is happy that it has come forward for the future of the youth of the jaidbynriew.
Therefore, the public should not be misled by such unsubstantiated reports.
The purpose of the Forum's visit and meetings to these villages was to explain to them the basis and truth behind their demand for the re-transfer of this area to Meghalaya.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has written to the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh regarding the issues affecting children due to the lack of performance of the Child Protection Services (CPS). ) Meghalaya under the jurisdiction of the Social Welfare Department.
Not only that, in the Horticulture Department, even many of the District Horticulture posts have been vacated and this has not only delayed the work but will also deprive those who should be promoted in this department.
Likewise, as parents according to God's plan, we can give life to our children by giving birth to them. .
If we take the example of technology, such as mobile, computer and others, how have these changed us to the point where we are? The main reason is because there are people who are researching and looking for ways and means to solve problems one after another.
However, the NRC has not been updated to include the names of those who have inherited or those who have become Indian citizens under the provisions of the Citizens Act,
Without religion, customs and traditions, a nation is dead.
“It is shocking to see that there are Dkhars who sell juti in Bimola area and I have ordered the Superintendent of Police Enforcement of KHADC, Bah A Lanong to send them away. Because it was found that they don't have a trading license or a license and I would like to say that if there are Khasi women who don't own the goods or equipment they sell, they should inform the KHADC. “It's not like we're going to be able to do anything in this place,” said the CEM.
According to him, in the past years, the MDC elections in Garo Hills were postponed due to social dialogue with one group and since then the elections in KHADC and KHADC have been different. “There is also a ground that the elections in KHADC, JHADC and GHADC can be held at the same time by setting a middle period to agree on the elections. that from henceforth all three shall be at the same time.
He said the Congress had demanded to increase the allocation from T.52 crore to T.1.50 crore for the MDCs but it was not aware of the protest of the ruling MDCs.
To promote and strengthen the close relationship between the people from different parts of the country, working in Meghalaya, the Governor's Office has invited the people to celebrate the Independence Day together. the state is not in the south.
The State Government has directed the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District to provide exgratia of T.16 lakh to the families of the victims of the earthquake in Pynthor Langteiñ.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 04: The Ryntihlang Village Organization (Ryntihlang) in Byrwa Village, Umsning C&RD Block has celebrated its 10th Anniversary.
As part of this initiative, three teams of CRPF women have been released from Shillong, Srinagar and Kanniyakumari and will meet at Ekta Nagar, Gujarat on 31st March. Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel's Birthday Celebration.
Pakistani Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif on Friday said he would hand over the current government to those who will take care of it and govern it from April after the end of his term. this government will end.
At the same time, the union strongly warns the owners of houses not to sell their houses to foreigners without first verifying their documents and if the members of the the union will find such householders will take strict action.
She said that there will be an arrangement with the Deputy Commissioners to discuss with the Geological Survey of India (GSI) regarding the early identification of areas at risk of landslides through the survey of the Geological Survey of India (GSI). they.
Various meats such as pork, beef, chicken and goat have been studied and tested to ensure that they are safe to eat, she said.
Shillong, July 06: The formal peace talks between the state government and the Indian government and the HNLC, which was scheduled to start in the first month of this month, have been delayed due to the outbreak of violence in Manipur. Officials of the Ministry of Home Affairs have been deployed in the incident, said the Chief Minister.
They urged those who are not Khasi not to be afraid to support the UDP as a national party because as a party it will look without discrimination to anyone who is a Khasi citizen of the state whether they are Khasi or not. nor who is the spirit.
They said that as the Sengbhalang, they cannot allow to see that their fellow citizens living on the border with Assam are being insulted or attacked by other ethnic groups. Take immediate action and talk and resolve with Assam.
There is also talk that the government that will take over after the 2023 elections will face a huge difficulty in paying the debt which is still unknown.
In the past, the khwai, whether it was the khwai of the river or the khwai of the pond, was a time of mental exercise, in which even women enjoyed going to the field.
So until evening, when he returned from the water, he stayed for a long time in Lydia's house.
There are also 2 transgender people.
Shillong: U MLA of Mawphlang, Bah SK Sunn today lodged a complaint with the Director of MePDCL (Distribution) regarding the non-implementation of the Suabhagya electricity scheme in four villages under the MePDCL. this constituency.
She said she wants doctors to work in rural areas so that those who receive treatment do not have to come to urban areas.
This finding is also supported by scientific evidence that milk contains tryptophan, an amino acid that can be converted into serotonin, which is known to promote mood and well-being. in the brain and help on the ability to sleep well.
After this ceremony, his body was taken to his native village of Shella for burial.
This incident shocked the journalists and the public especially those who saw it.
Other schools from other districts which have been selected to receive this scheme will be distributed on later days.
However, he strongly condemned the stupidity and short-sightedness of those ABK Channels.
“We see that this disease is still present and in other states it is also starting to increase.
“It is time to decide whether they will replace the minister in the PDF party, but if there is anything we will discuss it with the consensus of the four MLAs of the party. PDF.Shillong: Two more people have died of Covid-19 in Meghalaya today, said the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War.
Training on region specific agroforestry was also given by Farm Manager Bah H Sungoh.
“Speaking on the implementation of the roster system, the former MLA questioned the government's decision to implement the roster backwards.
Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang, North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum, VPP President Ardent Miller Basawïawmoit and Nongkrem MLA were also present at the registration ceremony. and other office bearers of the organization.
And if you have to take any decision that will affect the future, you need to give that opportunity to all political parties to participate.
The incident occurred at 7:10 pm.
Victory itself wants glory or selfishness that others should submit to while oneself should not be submissive to others and thinks only of one's own interests and not of society.
He added that the differences should be resolved peacefully.
The President of the Congress Committee (MPC) 5-Sutnga-Saipung Constituency, Ma Shitlang Pale, has strongly advised the new office bearers of the party to work hard to strengthen the Congress.
Lucky June Pyngrope – Bronze Senior Girl 1.
“It is also not necessary to steal foreign songs as this will put us at risk,” he added.
Therefore, we would like to urge the government and the citizens to be vigilant and vigilant so that these activities cannot take place in this state.
There were 21 youths in the Sumo (ML 05 G 9057), but due to the overload, the driver could not control the vehicle. niah and the car turned over.
Therefore, he asked the VPP MLAs what they have done for the people for more than a year and also asked about the protest against the reservation policy.
Shillong Lajong FC reached the semi final after beating Riangdo YSCA 2-0 in the Meghalaya State League (MSL) Football Tournament (MSL) at Mawkyrwat Zone.
How a fish continues to look so good even after many days is a very difficult question.
He said that his discovery will not end only through the media, but he will continue to monitor until he finds out what is behind it.
(by the reporter)The neglect of the villages in the rural areas is one of the reasons why the state is lagging behind and putting the people in great difficulty in coming and going, especially when there is no adequate road. .
She said that until now, the department will try its best to explain to the public and after completing all its duties to explain to the public, the department will implement the laws related to the law. those who break the law.
Manipur scored 259/8, followed by Meghalaya who scored 320 all out for 61 runs.
The party will take a decision after receiving the report from the Booth Level Sashatikaran Campaign Committee (BLSAC),” said Bah Mawrie.
Therefore, he appealed to the people to be generous and cooperate in this regard so that the demand will be fulfilled.
He said the government has allocated 400 or more candidates for each district which can reach 6000 candidates in all districts.
He said he had informed the minister about the attempt to prevent conversions, which aims to prevent churches.
This includes the purchase of top ups, indoor games, such as Carrom Board, Chess, Ludu, football shoes, Volleyball, Badminton and others.
Teibor's remarks came after Ardent M Basaiawmoit, president of the VPP, criticized him at a meeting in Mawlai, where he said that Teibor should not become an MLA by force. you must not be afraid after you have lost the equation.
The Meghalaya BJP in a statement demands that Tonu Dey should be removed immediately as Advisor to KHADC and JHADC. This post should be appointed by local people and should not be removed.
He said that the union fully supports the decision of the students to give time to the state government and if the government does not take action on this, the union will take other measures.
Daman Lakashiang is the son of (L) Kerbok Lytan of Satpator village.
Answering additional questions, Lahkmen said that the state government is now struggling to find ways and means to pay the remaining arear of SSA teachers. Replying to a question by Bah Adelbert Nongrum (KHNAM), he said that for teachers in colleges at the UGC salary level, the age limit for teachers is up to 32 years. tribals and minorities extended by five years.
Kamwadamonmi Pamthied scored the first goal for Jarain in the 70th minute.
Moreover, in the most remote parts of this country, they will fight for the rights that cannot be explained.
Therefore, the VPP's bringing forward on this issue is appropriate and for the benefit of the Khasi people as a whole... VPP is indeed a party that sees far for the Khasi people...No more discrimination.
During the programme, the Chief Minister and other dignitaries presented awards to the Cooperatives under the Tikrikilla Block for their outstanding performance in Cooperative Movement and Farm Activities.
From there, the road follows the right bank of the Umïam Mawphlang River which is a narrow and flat road until it crosses the Umïam Mawphlang River by a bridge.
The group also sent several emails threatening the government and claimed that the Organizing Secretary of the group is a software engineer. The future of Phyrnai"
They had planned in advance and when they arrived at the dorbar, they convinced the people to send only those who supported them to the dorbar.
