In the 21st century, computer technology or computer knowledge which almost all the children of the farmers have learned is the way for the children of the farmers to learn. They can easily improve or expand their agriculture.
It is these organizations and their leaders who teach, explain and set the themes on how to run the affairs of the country forward.
On the 22nd of this month, the Indian women played against one of the strongest teams of Sweden and USA in the WU23 3-Nations Tournament.
At present, the company which is constructing this road has worked hard to remove all the stones and soil from this road.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that illegal activities should not be allowed in the state and the police and district authorities should look into this and stop it from the beginning.
The HNLC has announced a four-day office blockade on the 8th, 9th, 12th and 13th if the government does not release those arrested.
Besides India, three other countries including Australia, Malaysia and Singapore have been selected from Asia & Oceania for the final round. and 11 teams from Europe, 3 from the Middle East and Africa, 3 from South America and 2 from North & Central America along with the host country.
“Many times when we write a book we write and suffer for months and years, but this little book has been completed in only three days.
All of them are from Garo Hills.
Shillong: U Congress MP from Shillong, Vincent H Pala, has written to the Secretary General of the Lok Sabha to allow him to bring the matter to the Legislative Assembly to discuss the incident. This happened on the 13th of this month in East Jaintia Hills where several coal miners were trapped inside a coal mine.
He said it is the NPP-led government that is willing to take steps to resolve the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
The cow, named Merakli, lives on a farm in Kosovo and is 3 feet tall and weighs 7.7 kilograms.
According to sources, the two men were arrested after the villagers of Mawbyrshem suspected that they might be drug traffickers and informed the police.
Furthermore, the union strongly warns against others involved in the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh especially at this time when the state as a whole is still in crisis from the spread of the disease. of this covid 19 virus.
As the Word says, a little drop of water fills the sea, it has happened, because only because the parents or the grandparents don't have time to take care of their children. The Pyrsa who have lived a long life has also made them brave enough to commit many evil deeds which have affected the society.
If there are any of these things that are not true, please point them out, but if they are true, let us think carefully and decide what we should do, not just talk at home or on the street or just he bein and khoh in the market.
This should encourage the students to learn more about these incidents and especially the contribution of women.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 24: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Muliang Circle on Tuesday confirmed two units, one Tynghor Area Unit and one Nongsohram Unit.
Rev. Thomas Jones I, at the age of 30, and his wife, Mrs. Anne Jones, who was still poor at that time, left Liverpool on the 25th of November
In the elderly, it is not long before they fall asleep because once the body is placed on the bed, they want to fall asleep.
The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has approved two bills and will be submitted to the House for approval.
Speaking on the policies of the MDA Government, the Governor said that the State wants to improve the income of the farmers by taking advantage of the different climate conditions here and by strengthening the production of and to produce other food items from the crops they produce.
Donkupar Sumer MDC of the UDP from Umsning constituency said that the CEM had promised to spend T.15 crore for the road but later after the Sengbhalang robbed his office, he upgraded it to T. “The CEM has promised to increase the amount of T.20 crore and later to T.25 crore. “The CEM has promised only to stir up the protesting Sengbhalang. “It's not like we're going to get money for the scheme,” he said.
Thinking too much all the time is one of the most devastating diseases in your life.
In the last elections, the BJP alone won 333 seats.
The doubts arose after the BJP leaders alleged that this is not an aid, but a money taken by the state government.
Sohmynken jhur : Another type of fruit that is rich in Vitamin A is Sohmynken jhur.
E. The ILP will strengthen the Meghalaya Land Transfer (Regulation) Act, 1971 as it prohibits only non-Tribals from buying land, while the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation prohibits all foreigners. and barri to buy land even if they are tribals.
As happened in the town where I grew up.
The election is for the election of two MPs to the 18th Lok Sabha, the results of which will be announced on July
Only children aged 15 to 29 years can participate at District, State and National Level.
Shillong, July 11: The Mawlai Town Durbar (MTD), which consists of 15 Durbar Shnongs, on Tuesday said that the decision of the Meghalaya High Court that the functioning of Rangbah Shnongs is an attempt to run the The village activities are not created in the same way as the Government Departments, they differ from heaven to earth and do not agree at all.
There is a belief that this is a very bad sign and that there will be a bad weather, a bad agriculture in the years to come.
Shillong, Naitung : U MLA of Mawlai, Bah PT Sawkmie on Saturday inaugurated the road and distributed the village lighting equipment for the Dong Deng Shnong. for four villages within Mawlai Mawtawar.
She said that the party workers should not rest but should work hard to bring the party victory in the upcoming elections.
In fact, the MFA had announced that it was not going to participate but at a meeting recently made the decision to go ahead and participate.
Everything is possible if you have faith.
Anyone who has any questions is kindly requested to contact us at
He said that laws should be enacted as discussed to protect the identity, land, customs and traditions and the power to implement the laws or the Judiciary System.
I will see what kind of legal notice and on what terms of law Henry will send me this notice.
Nongpoh: A prisoner identified as Darius Marak, who escaped from the Corona Care Center at Civil Hospital Shillong, has been arrested. He was arrested by the Ri Bhoi Police.
He said that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance 1.0 government in 2019 has decided that because the land is not used even though it is in the middle of Kolkata, it is sad that they lose their revenue. state.
When children call you ‘PA’, how intimate, bring connection and warmth to the surface.
Manipur, on the other hand, used five bowlers in which four of them took one wicket each and among them, Liyas scored the highest point in the match with 2/4 .
The meeting was conducted by Hamless Kharbani, Vice President of FKJGP Sawsymper Circle. The meeting was attended by Bah Kitboklang Lyngdoh Marshilong, Education Secretary Leviss Kharnaior. , Runningstar Kharbani, President FKJGP Sawsymper Circle followed by the handover of mementos and donation on behalf of FKJGP Sawsymper Circle.
Many leaders or individuals who are involved in society are accused or criticized in forty ways by accusations that have no basis at all but those who are accused of criticizing or criticizing others themselves. they don't come out to work.
This is the second time that the Governor of Meghalaya has delivered a speech in Hindi, the first time was in the Mang Tyngka Dorbar in 2018, when the then Governor, Ganga Prasad u I spoke in Hindi.
The "suffering, torture and death of Jesus, is a sign that God through his Son, Jesus, has redeemed mankind"
James Marbaniang scored 22 runs out of 21 runs and Rilanstar Dkhar of Nongdawah CC took four wickets for 17 runs in three overs.
In addition, Kong RM Kurbah, has requested all those traders of jhur ki jhep from Ri Bhoi and those who intend to deliver to these villages, to inform the village leaders when they intend to send jhur. especially in the evening, so that the village leaders can monitor the movement of the people in these villages and also to prevent the spread of the disease.
You can use WIFI (Wireless Fidelity) to connect to the network.
Earlier, there were allegations of misuse of funds for projects under the leadership of Bah Syiem including the construction of a guest house in Nongpoh, the construction of an MDC hostel, the expansion of the district building. council and to purchase a generator at a reasonable price.
In his speech, the Chairman and Rangbah of Banang Village, S.Lyngdoh said that this is the first time that such programs have been conducted in the village and this one day program has been very beneficial. eh especially young people.
Tomorrow, the match will be between Nangbah Mulang with 7 points and Ladthadlaboh with 6 points.
Mr.D.Nongpoh Bangladesh is a country neighboring Meghalaya; It is a country where our state has a good opportunity to manage the heritage trade.
“The CAA has been exempted from the Scheduled Areas, I feel that the UCC should not operate from the Sixth Schedule Areas either.
Shillong, July 25: The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) in collaboration with the District Administration and the Office of the Sessions Judge, West Garo Hills and East Garo Hills District, has conducted a camp sitting since 17 to 20th of this month.
“If we hold on to the documents, maps and boundaries of the Hima, we will never be able to resolve the border dispute with Assam.
The children are Aime Momin (6) and Rajumoni (9) who complained of illness, Brunith Momin (7) who suffered from rheumatism and Nochi Sangma (11) who suffered from rheumatism.
It was approved by the Legislative Assembly with the participation of various groups in the past years.
UKRAINE has begun collecting bodies thrown into trenches by Russian troops and reported that 400 civilians were shot dead and buried in trenches in Hole.
Meghalaya lost all wickets for 178 runs in 48.3 overs while Manipur managed to reach the target of 182 runs for the loss of four wickets in 38.1 overs.
The leaves of the tree, the leaves of the tree, the leaves of the riewhadem, are covered with the snow.
Mukhla Raij SC won by one goal until the end of the match.
Ma R. Shadap (District Mission Manager) MSRLS, West Jaintia Hills District gave a short speech.
The reason is because of the destruction of trees,” he said.
Donbok Hujon (3 overs: 20 runs: 2 wickets) and Wanbor Lamare (over: 26 runs: 2 wickets).
The road and the footpath are not well maintained and are not discussed.
Ms Sabina congratulated the members of the Board of Directors who have been able to participate in this competition.
but I say unto you, unto them that are in Thyatira, as many as have not this doctrine, and who have not known the devices of Satan.
Batyngshain was accompanied by Wilfred Khyllep, who does not have a ticket from the Congress, and MDCs from the KHADC. Shella needs many needs such as roads, schools and other development works.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday announced that the Aadhar registration process is conducted daily at the office and then at the Block Offices in the district.
Another part that Laitkseh should do is to set up registers to keep an accurate census of the residents and many areas of the village that are necessary for the peaceful relations with the government authorities and the authorities and various other agencies.
Because God doesn't need the Temple anymore to offer sacrifices like in the past.
Landarson said that on this basis, they have demanded from the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to upgrade the PHC to CHC so that the health center can provide better services to the people. public.
The protests against the coronavirus have spread to other parts of Europe.
Because of the refusal of the family to accept the suggestion, the village did not dare to announce publicly, because they are afraid that it would be like calling the villagers who are in their own group. The village has already witnessed the violence between these groups in the past few months.
The hearing will be held on October
in lane through the Common Service Center (CSC) or Cyber ​​Café with your Aadhar Card, Mobile Number and Bank Account.
The General Secretary of the NPP West Jaintia Hills District Unit, Donboklang Jana, said that the passing away of Ma Sunday is a great loss not only to her family, but to the party as well. He is also a strong member of the party as an EC member of the NPP District Committee.
“Use your wisdom to set the conditions for the sake of the nation because there are those who elect leaders only because they love or feel sorry for them,” he said.
The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that as the leading officials in the society, they should learn not only to look after their own interests but also how to give. it is the gift of God but what is different is the gift of man to God.
When asked whether there has been any discussion with the NPP MLA candidate Kong Grace regarding her joining the party, she said that she has not yet had any discussions but she has expressed her opinion. They hope that in the future they will be able to work together in the party.
Although the 2nd NEOG 2022 will be officially opened on Friday, the football tournament continued so that the players could take a break.
He said that the person who is accused is not a bad person and the person who praises is not a good person.
The Cemetery Committee of Mawprem Parish in a statement through Bah A Thabah, Secretary informs the public that the cleaning of their own cemeteries can be done at any time, and the deadline for cleaning or build or maintain their own cemeteries will be on November 3, 2023.
Three persons, including a woman, were injured in a clash between the armed men and the police near the residence of the Additional SP. A chargesheet has been prepared against those involved in the murder of a 10-year-old boy in Umtyngar.
However, at that time, Dame Phawa came out of the house and Ohi Shylla, Kynmoo Phawa and two others were arrested. Dame Phawa doesn't have a map if he has anything wrong.
The Seng urges the department to follow up closely with the contractors to work smoothly and also to ensure that the roads are adequate and durable.
The Union also informed that it has decided to urge the State Government not to implement the Reservation Roster from the year the Reservation Policy comes into force.
S Shylla also cooperated with the Hima.
Puramon Kynjin, the elders of the Seiñ Raij Jowai and others who were invited.
There are also coal truck owners who can no longer repay even the loans they have taken from private individuals, banks and other financial institutions, the Forum added.
Lak to this school, so that this school can be improved.
The teachers were dismissed from the school on 24th June 2013 and it was said that these teachers were not qualified to teach the subject Maths & English.
The Government of Meghalaya (MDA-2) through its Chief Secretary has announced that a committee of all political parties in the State has been set up to discuss the implementation of the Reservation Roster and also the Reservation Roster. State Policy.
Asping Rynjah (42) has left his home in Tyrsad (Kyrphei) since the 16th of this month to come to Shillong but has not returned home.
Spaining Pyrhut took the most wickets for Mowkiaw for six wickets in seven overs.
The mother of the house is dressed in maroon and has a matching dress.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Minister said that during the meeting there were also many suggestions on how to combat the menace of these illegal drugs in the state.
It is worth mentioning that the Government has not yet allowed any person or firm to mine coal as this activity is illegal in the state.
The report was submitted to the Government of India on 31-03-2
“Rahul's misuse of computers and internet among some members of the CWC, who praised him for what he has done, has led him to Mustafa, who was a minister in the former UK Karunakaran government from 1991-95 and served five terms as a member of the Kerala State Legislative Assembly, said. also, that he is not afraid to speak against the leaders of his party.
If the time comes for a single national party to emerge, KHNAM is ready to work together, but for now KHNAM will continue to fulfill its date and we will wait for the day. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said F Marpna, General Secretary, KHNAM.
Batskhem Thangkhiew, goalkeeper of Ri Bhoi United Football Club, was named Man of the Match.
Regarding agriculture, it was mentioned to provide more productive seeds, water supply to the farm fields, and also to have adequate electricity and also to have adequate price of seeds. mar rep lane to minimum support price.
The people of Mairang Constituency have expressed their hope that the MLA election next year will be a lonely contest between the MDC and the MLA. The President of the Congress Committee (MPCC) Vincent H. Pala has announced the establishment of the Congress party at a meeting held at Mawshut village on Monday in the presence of hundreds of supporters. Congress.
According to the rules of the scheme, roadside vendors will have to register to get an identity card, proof that they are residents of Meghalaya for at least three years, proof that they are earning a living. from the business of selling along the road in the same place or village (as well as for those selling in vehicles) for a period of six months from the date of issuance of the notice of surrender.
Therefore, the HYC through this message invites all the Chief Executive Members of the area including the Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sordars and the residents of the village to come and listen to this explanation. benefit and understanding in relation to the Bill.
He said that as the three ADCs have passed a resolution on the CAB at that time, it will be the same on the UCC. “The ADCs have been affected by the CAA and we want the same for the UCC government,” he said.
The Jorge Vilda-led team will face the Netherlands or South Africa in the quarter-finals in Wellington on Tuesday.
At the same time, he said that the police have tried everything to arrest the woman involved in the rape of the 25-year-old man in Khyndailad recently.
God will bless those who seek peace, not those who seek bloodshed.
Meanwhile, Radhon Singh has written books of proverbs which are a source of strength for us Khasi and it is the best book to preserve the way of life of us Khasi youth,” he said.
Forty teams from all over the state have come to take part in this tournament.
After the money went missing, the school authorities suspected Angelina and together with the police raided her house and found the money. He confessed that he was the one who stole the school money and confessed that he had committed the crime with these three persons.
He said in the report that the AIGP of the police department who was present at the meeting on 8.9.2023 has been ordered to identify all the people involved in these illegal mining and quarrying activities. , who illegally set up coke factories and should take action against them according to the rules of law.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Roykupar Synrem, General Secretary of the HYC, said that the HYC has sent a petition to the Lat so that those who are still holding the religion will continue to practice the religion. They are also recognized under the National Commission for Minorities Act, 1992 as Christians, Muslims, Sikhs, Buddhists and Parsis.
On the 10th April 1937 , Chete Rani Syiem Nongbah demanded from the Governor of Assam to revive the old Nongmynsaw Hima but according to the order of the Governor of Assam dated 18 July 1938 , this demand was rejected he is the Kingdom.
"I also support the statement of Babu Soso Tham in his article on the reasons for going to church that those who go to church go only to show off their new clothes, to get praise from the priests, the elders, bishops, pastors...There are also those who go to church just to meet their loved ones, to look after their fellow human beings, who are tired of staying at home and so on.
I am also looking forward to our first match against Mohammedan Sporting today and this will be a tough match for the team.
Leaders of the two organizations including the President of the HYC and the President of the JYF, Bah John Pala, expressed their gratitude to the Deputy Commissioner for promising to The district has decided to conduct this examination in the district as the posts that have been allocated since 2021 have remained unchanged for almost two years.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: There are currently 9 active cases of Covid-19 in the state.
Shillong, Lber 30: U Governor of Meghalaya, V.Shanmuganathan tomorrow, 31st October, will inaugurate the three-day Mawbynna Festival at Mawphlang at 12:30 pm.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Ronnie said, “I have seen in the newspaper today that the High Court has issued an order to the state government, PWD and NHAI to improve or repair the Shillong-Jowai road”.
“We have requested the Supreme Court today which is also holding a hearing to allow the transportation of coal until 31st July and we are waiting for the decision,” he said.
MATI has trained and coached more than 125 students in the past 2 years.
As divided in the women's category, both teams won the trophy and buskit according to their category (first and second).
About 9 villages in Nongstoin Division and 11 in Riangdo Division have lost transformers, according to the EE of MePDCL West Khasi Hills.
East Shillong MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh, who used to be with Bah Lapang in the Congress in the past years, alleged that Bah Lapang left the Congress because he wanted power and wealth. this party is not in power.
Two in West Khasi Hills including Umjan Mawtari Residential School in Umsning, three in Ri Bhoi, Nongrim Synjai Residential School in Umling and Jirang Residential School in Ri Bhoi. school in Jirang.
This is the reason why the school authorities should think again to remove this problem by installing school buses as suggested by the Rangbah Shnongs and Principals of the schools. in general that have been in the last few years.
It is time for us to reflect for a while on what Patriotism and Khadar Government mean in a People's Government.
On the other hand, Sangma said he will meet the Union Commerce Minister, Piyush Goyal to discuss the Unity Mall – a unique project in the state.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, has imposed a night curfew from 7 pm to 5 pm daily from 3rd November
According to a study in the Journal of Nutritional Science in 2016, these free radicals or oxidants are more abundant than the antioxidants in the body.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit said that it is easy to talk about unity but what kind of unity should be understood.
For children breakfast is important on the ability to concentrate and perform well in their studies.
The Seng Khasi College has launched the Inter School Invitational Futsal Competition for boys on Friday at Weiking Stadium as part of the celebration of the Golden Jubilee.
Melita Syiem MSMHC, the youth of St. Stephen's Hostel Girls, Bah Opel Lyngdoh (Rangbah Shnong of Nongpoh), and others.
Kenstar Kharshong (11) and Robert Khongriah (21) scored 10 assists each.
A total of 47 political parties submitted their views and suggestions and out of these 32 supported the holding of simultaneous elections.
A good mother is a good advisor, encourager, encourager, helper to her husband as the saying goes (In every successful man there is a woman behind). .
Ramesh Chennithala, Congress leader and Leader of the Opposition in the Kerala Legislative Assembly, is busy today and one of the reasons is that he will have to lead the people for the protest. against the increase in the price of petrol, which has been arranged by the Congress party and another of his needs, is that he has to make a promise to his son.
QC Springside Higher Secondary School won the title by defeating HK Singh Memorial Secondary School.
The Land Port Dawki is important as it is a hub for trade and transportation between India and Bangladesh, to facilitate the transportation of goods, people and vehicles.
“So we are trying to complete them all as soon as possible,” he said, adding that the work has been awarded to a company from Manipur.
Speaking to Rupang, KSU Bangalore Unit Secretary Amos John Syiemlieh, who is currently in Bangalore, said that Savio had left his residence at 8:30 or 9 pm. and they did not look for him because they thought he had gone to the house of his friends.
“When we want to bring about unity, the first thing is that the leaders must unite because we cannot see the unity of the people if the leaders cannot unite with one voice,” he said.
Not only does it provide sports, but it also provides other necessities such as food and drink for the teachers and students.
Village headmen, elders and youth from these villages said that there are thousands of registered voters in Meghalaya and Assam.
The journey was not pleasant for the driver until he/she reached home and was found to be physically ill.
A case has been registered under Section 45(08)2023 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) at Lumshnong Police Station.
Rev. Simon Edward Nongrum, the second son of Babu Gedeon Nongrum and Marina Nongrum of Mawlong, was born on 5th November 1984 at Mawpat Church and served for 25 years at Pynthorumkhrah.
Four men who lost their lives in the shooting death by the Assam police on 14th June 2010, including (L) Columbus Hojon of Umyiap, (L) Denis Nongsiej of Mawsikar, (L) Ekros Rani of Mawdiangsnam and (L) Charles Lyngkhoi of Mawlan 'A'
He said that there has been no explanation from the Government of India on the reasons for the delay in including these two languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule.
Minerva are currently top of the table with 19 points from eight games.
On the other hand, the KSU Barak Valley has expressed its gratitude to the Government for its decision and said that it will fulfill the long standing aspiration of the Khasi Pnat people in Assam.
In June, 2022, the Union Minister of Education, approved to exempt Meghalaya from the CUET at the request of the Chief Minister.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 13: The General Observer, Bhupendra S Chaudhary IAS, in charge of West Khasi Hills District for the election to the Legislative Assembly to be held on the 27th June , held a meeting with all the Political Parties in the 3 Constituencies of the District today 13th June 2023 at the Conference Hall DC Office.
Sanjay Kakade, MP Rajya Sabha of the BJP, said he was not surprised by the BJP's defeat in Rajasthan and Chhattisgarh. This is because the party is concerned only about the issue of Ram Temple and another issue is the renaming of land.
The water in Lunar River has a pH value of 4.9, while the Lukha River has a pH value of 8.3 and is clean. and the fish were found living in the water.
He announced that in gratitude to God for what our beloved High Priest has done or has been for the Church, society and the church. The Archdiocese of Shillong has taken the initiative to hold a buskit in the name of our High Priest, bam kwai ha Dwar U Blei. .
The event was held at Sangai Hall of Imphal Hotel.
From now on, we will try to monitor them, to think about them, to ensure that we take the necessary action at the right time so that there will be no grief or loss of precious lives," he said. said Dr. Lyngdoh.
The Committee was appointed on 29th November last year.
At the same time, the KSU strongly opposes this torti of the restaurant and warned everyone to be vigilant not to eat food that is harmful to health.
In the recent elections in Manipur, we have seen how much bloodshed has been caused by the fighting between one party and another. people's homes and even the candidate's home.
These days it is necessary to ensure that the youth of the state do not lose their way in life, because many of the youth are involved in many evils, such as drugs, alcohol, etc. to affect the bloodline of the nation if as young people we don't see this part.
However, this did not stop him, until he had to return to his family, the Congress, which he had already released.
As of November 2022, there are 1700 known crematoria in the state and 1000 crematoria have been entered and are just beginning to enter.
Sangma, who launched 16 Prime Tourism Vehicles on the same day, said the government will ensure that such vehicles will be issued to entrepreneurs or operators who have the right to get them.
One person was seriously injured and was taken to Tura Civil Hospital while the others were released,” said SP West Garo Hills Mukesh Singh.
The Khasi people have opened their doors to Kamat.
Tomorrow the match will be between Ryntih and Nangkiew Irat at 2.45 pm.
“If you look at the writing, the main issue of the HNLC is to drop all the cases against its leaders and members.
The areas affected by African Swine Fever are still the only areas that have been declared as Containment Zones, where the slaughter or consumption of pork is prohibited, but nothing else has been done. spread in this state.
“The Smart Meter to be installed in our state, whether in the city or in the countryside, will be free to the households and will not require any payment and we will ensure that it will be installed in the state. “It's a safe and secure road so that the people don't have any complaints,” said Prestone Tynsong.
“If you Pnar students need a reservation policy to get jobs and education, you should join hands in this struggle,” said JSM president LS Rymbai.
In the final of the U-17 men's category, Bakenang SS beat Resubelpara Girls HSS 2-1
More than T 50 crore was found to be hidden earnings.
Vice President- Bah HB Nongsiej, Kong Rona Khymdeit, JA Lyngdoh, Allantry F Dkhar, Utpal Arengh, Welcome Dkhar.
For the 10 LP Schools, he said that the sanction amount has been allocated to 44 lakh 78 thousand tyngka.
But Mary sat at the feet of the Lord.
In the second leg, R.Shkenshynriah SC beat R.Iawpynsing SC 2-0 goals. R.Shkenshynriah SC scored the first goal through Hikaidame Bareh in the 45+1 minutes. Obadaiah Bareh scored the second goal in the 86th minute.
Nongstoiñ: U Bah HL Nongsiang, also known as Ma Ledy, together with his supporters, have joined the National People's Party (NPP) Mawshynrut Block. , at a large meeting held today in Shallang.
He said that in the meantime, those who opposed came forward and announced that Bah Moon Rumnong has been elected as the Rangbah Shnong.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: Twinklely Grace Ïawrod from Phlangwanbroi village in Mawsynram Constituency has been selected to compete in the India's Talent Fight Season-3 to be held at 31st January 2023 in Delhi.
He said that the government does not have the funds even to appoint a guard in the office.
She said class will resume next week in buildings that still have vacancies.
I have cast thee to the ground, I have set thee before kings, that they may behold thee" Ezekiel 28:1
At present, one part of the road has been used for traffic,” said the DC. The Council on how to clean up the garbage that has been scattered around due to the spread of the residents.
Three-part measures Meghalaya has implemented a screening system for everyone entering the state during this time of pandemic.
He said that as the leader of the party, he has often urged the people of the state to vote for the party for the sake of development and peace.
Even the employees of GHADC, SSA teachers, Adhoc teachers, contract workers, COVID workers, contractors and others have not received their salaries which have been suspended for four months.
When they found him, they informed the family members of Quinine and the family members of Quinine and Jorhat have been searching for him. day he was found in a place in the area.
The four organizations on Friday met with the EE of the PWD department to ask for clarification whether this is true or not.
Out of the 8 schools that took part in the exhibition, 3 schools won the prize including St Paul's Higher Secondary School Nongpoh in the first place, Alpha English Higher Secondary School, Nongpoh in the first place. Donbsco Higher Secondary School, Byrnhihat came third and prizes were awarded on the same day.
“I would like to congratulate Minerva Punjab Football Club on winning the title of the Hero I-League 2017-18 and qualifying for the Hero I-League 2017-1 ACL Qualifiers next season.
Sainkupar Nongtraw said the bomb blast in Riangdo was only the beginning and alleged that the income of the state has declined since the Congress government and also during this era. The HNLC has admitted that in the past, the HNLC has planted bombs in Shillong, Jhalupara and Jaintia Hills with the intention of showing the government authorities that it is not true. Shillong: Police of Umroi outpost Ri Bhoi district this morning after receiving a tip-off raided a police check gate in Kyrdeng and arrested Police have seized 33 grams of Ganja from a truck (JK 02 CD 0188).
Shillong: The fire incident at Thana Road, Khyndai Lad recently has been very serious.
The president of the Forum, Bah SD Khongwir, who is also a former MLA of Mawlai, said that 17 former MLAs attended the meeting.
“Suddenly, AIIMS New Delhi through Notice-200/2023 dated 25.08.23 on its website has announced that NEIGRIHMS, Shillong has participated in NORCET-5 and The deadline for submission of Online Forms is 28.8.2023.
The house is located in Koinadhora, the residence of the Chief Minister of Assam.
She said that the Khasi should not suffer from the suffering of her children.
To date, media reports said that about 42 farmers who took part in the protest around the Delhi border have lost their lives due to the extreme cold. environment.
He said that on the 2nd of November, she was told by her family that she would return to Shillong and she called her mother when she arrived in Kolkata on the 3rd.
Regarding the occasion, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh and Dasakhiatbha Lamare, expressed their gratitude to the organization for taking the initiative to bring the market for the convenience of the farmers of the area. They come to sell their agricultural products and what is more beneficial is that the people benefit from getting agricultural products without the use of pesticides.
To reach this village you have to reach Riangdo and then follow the Riangdo-Athiabari Road for about 13/14 km. When you reach Riangsih, follow the road to Nongjri and then Riangkang. Follow the road to the right to reach Langdongdai for about 12 km, which is still rough except for about 2 km which has been cleaned.
He said that the HPC has directed the state government to immediately summon those involved in the construction of the dorbar hall to explain to them why there is no cooperation in the construction of the dorbar hall. building the Dome.
*According to the affidavit in the Supreme Court of the Hon'ble Dr. PBN Prasad, Joint Controller, Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation, Directorate General of Health Services, Ministry of India on 28/11/2 covid is voluntary but not mandatory.
They have to look carefully especially at turning to avoid any accidents and especially to look carefully at the most dangerous places where accidents are frequent.
To address this, the Dairy Processing and Infrastructure Development has been announced with the aim of providing funds to cooperatives and farmer producer organizations across the country working in the field of dairy production.
The death toll in Iran has risen to 141 with 3,111 new cases.
Earlier, three VPP leaders who attended the All Party Meeting were Dr. Ricky Syngkon, General Secretary, Dr. Batskhem Myrboh, Spokesperson of the VPP and Bah Brightstar Marbaniang, MLA. Mawlai, wore white robes to take part in this meeting.
It is also prohibited to hold election meetings without the permission of the District Election Officer. Election Officer and Rangbah Shnongs and are also allowed to use sound equipment for the election only within 10 pm.
The funeral service will be held on the 23rd November 2020 at the Presbyterian Church, Nongthymmai at 1 pm.
About 15 schools from all over Nongstoiñ have participated.
He said that even the money for the works that have been completed before the division of the district, which is only the money for the purchase of equipment for these 45 villages, the government has not been able to pay. and if counted together, it has reached hundreds of billions of dollars.
A group of journalists who visited the area, witnessed that hundreds of trucks with mawshun smam, were smuggled to Dawki to Bangladesh.
?" I asked again. Rida was still listening and pretended not to hear.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, along with Indian government ministers, will meet Murmu this evening to congratulate her on her victory.
However, it was said that the sudden suspension of coal mining has deprived many people of livelihood and therefore, such people have had to continue their coal mining activities even after the bans.
I don't know whether Bah Process knows that Art 244 (1) doesn't apply in the states of Meghalaya, Tripura and Mizoram, but it can apply to other states where there are Schedule Tribes.
The union also suggested that the state government should create more opportunities in the field of agriculture in the state so that the state can avoid relying on other states.
The investigation is ongoing to identify the perpetrators.
The article is determinism not probabilistic which is unfair enough for the article theme of rethinking.
According to the RTI received from the Executive Engineer (PHE) Rural Water Supply Division, the 2nd installment of the Total Sanitation Campaign Program has been released since In this regard, the union after receiving complaints from many households that they have not received the full payment of their rights through this scheme which has been allocated at the price of Rs.3700 per household. The 68 families have decided to lodge a written demand to the leadership of VWSC Bataw through the Rangbah Shnong to take action to ensure the rights of the beneficiaries who are entitled to receive this assistance. to build a toilet.
Pringstar said that two of his friends Wanbor Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi and Batskhembor Lyngdoh came to the scene and although they tried to talk to the two robbers, , but they laid hands on his two friends.
Please answer this by 4 pm on the 17th, and if you can't don't mislead the people,” said Prestone. what can happen.
The report, submitted to the Legislative Assembly recently, said that the debt includes the withdrawal of funds from LIC, GIC, NABARD and others and this has amounted to T.11,244.83 crore from T. .11,912.82 klur which is the unclean debt.
However, his appearance amid Russia's invasion came after the leader raised a military force to fight Russian troops over their unjustified invasion of Ukraine. it is still a small country compared to its power and strength in front of Russia.
" Bah Deng called from a distance, "Ade I Bah
These two goals were scored until the end of the first half even after they tried to score.
Four children were seriously injured in the incident and the incident was stopped when police from Mawkynroh Outpost arrived at 11 pm.
“Continuing the issue of the removal of idols from NIT, we demand that the state government should immediately remove the books, which used to be placed near the beds of patients at Shillong Civil Hospital,” said the LRO. “To put a Bible near the bed of a patient and to force non-Christians to read it is a violation of the right to freedom of expression,” said the LRO. Article 18 of the UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
Regarding the meeting on the 22nd convened by the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma with all the civil society organizations opposed and supporting the road; Sohlang said that during the meeting, two issues were discussed, one is the issue of uranium mining which everyone stood against and the second is the two lane road which the government has clarified. that it has nothing to do with the uranium mining project.
The inability of the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram, Lyngngam etc etc to become one clearly shows this.
In addition, the High Court said that the prosecutor will also find out who those people are involved in the conduct of all these illegal activities.
“He that is quick to anger is foolish; but a man of wicked devices shall be destroyed" Proverbs 14:1
Who threw the dead piglet will always be found out from the attached seals.
Therefore, dressing appropriately in the workplace not only makes a person beautiful but also encourages him in all aspects.
In Mairang constituency, there are many poor people who don't have adequate jobs.
Two BJP leaders from Delhi, Alphons Kannanthanam and Nalin Kohli, will also attend the rally.
This program is aimed at identifying those who have real talent, from an early age and providing them with the best training to develop their talents.
AHAM has urged the police to take action to investigate into this incident as it affects the beauty and culture of the Garo people and the spirit of the Garo people when they welcome foreigners. who visited Garo Hills.
The Special Cell of Delhi Police has arrested Deepak Boxer from Mexico with the assistance of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. (FBI), police said Tuesday.
On the other hand, Kong Passah announced that the initiative taken by the MCSWA will open up a lot for the welfare of the elderly through this support channel which will be a great blessing to the MCSWA. the role of such people in society.
Shillong, November 4 : U Dr DRL Nonglait, Professor, NEHU Khasi Department, on Tuesday announced that he will not apply for ticket from the UDP or any other party in the MP election next year. There are still many things to be done especially in the struggle to include the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule, but on the part of former MLA Bah PT Sawkmie who is one of the candidates who applied for the ticket to contest. The MP Election Lok Sabha from the UDP has made it clear that he will not hesitate but will continue to apply for ticket but it is up to the party who will be elected to contest.
Pynbha Suting of Laban SC, Brolington Warlarpih of Ryntih SC and Arbis Kharkohngor of Ryntih SC won the most promising players of the match. , Best Defender Maitshaphrang Kharumniud of Ryntih SC, Best Goalkeeper of Bickyson Kharkohngor of Laban SC, Best Players of Devinroy Nongspung of Ryntih SC. The Rifles Invitational Football Tournament started today at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, Polo where Lawmali SC beat Narwan SC from East Jaintia Hills.
Result : the answer is not available; the answer is the word that is expected.
Batbitbha Bareh of Soaring Eagles SC and Hesmiki Rymbai of Rymbai Deiñshalalu were also awarded the player of the match award.
If you choose the first or second option, you should not have to worry.
Disparsing urged the Government to pay the Covid workers including 26 doctors, 100 staff nurses, 85 paramedical and others.
At the same time, Shillong received 244.6mm of rainfall while Umiam received 99.8mm.
Therefore, the two constituencies are urged to help these Twinkle Iawrod from Mawsynram Phlangwanbroi and Johnwesley Wahlang from Nongstoin, so that they can bring glory to the community as well as the state as a whole, said the statement. Nongpoh: U Bah Denis Mukhim, one of the elders of Mawhati area and former elder of Mawhati area, who has also decided to The UDP candidate for the 2023 elections from Mawhati Constituency has announced that he has joined the Congress party and to support Bah Charles Marngar, the Congress candidate from Mawhati Constituency. Constituency.
At this meeting, the Forum also decided to strongly oppose the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) in the State and the North East. They have affected the minorities and ethnic minorities in terms of culture, identity, dress and others, and the time will come when they will no longer feel ownership of their own country.
In these training camps, the office has deployed up to 60 children in each center and all these centers have started the training for them today. young children who came to participate.
Mookaïaw MLA Nujorki Sungoh said that the Assam government's claim that the people of Mukroh area have been stealing timber is just a fabrication because it has understood that it is wrong. but the world has known and witnessed that it is the mistake of Assam to shoot dead people in Mukroh.
Dr. Don, who is known by his village name, Dishe (hymen or Bah Bah), is the second son of six brothers. Milianti Dkhar and Ma Blessingstar Roy Diengdoh.
Today we have closed the office of the Labor Department and we will discuss the matter again on Tuesday next month,” he said.
This is to provide allocation to these poor families for employment in Civil Posts & Services in Government of India Offices and employment and admission in Central Government Institutes, said the Chief Minister. Conrad Kongkal Sangma talking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting.
"I too have the disease and when all the people of Brazil have been injected and if there is still more vaccine, I will decide whether to inject myself or not," he said.
The ICC will assist farmers to communicate directly with buyers in foreign markets and at home and abroad.
to pray anywhere is good, I don't agree with this statement of this Rangbah.
Dr Amit in an interview with Dr Amit said that he came to Dr Carehome's pharmacy to encourage him to maintain this method of dispensing medicines which is one of the methods of dispensing medicines. medicine scientists of the past.
Kharbani, in her petition, referred to the ban on shun mining by the High Court on 24th November 2022 and said that the shun mining industry has been working for a long time. for 50 years, through strict compliance with government regulations, issued from time to time.
However, in the age of wealth, the pursuit of worldly peace, the spirit of mankind has caused the soul of man to destroy many springs of water, in the beginning, to destroy the forests, he cut down the trees, he attacked the medicinal plants, when he didn't feel good about the forest, he went down to the lower places when the water was low, where he used his power. He didn't have the strength to distribute it through the earth, because of his great desire for water to drink, but he turned the surplus into a way to earn fish, by selling it again. doesn't.
Dr. Mukul said that before signing the MoU with the Assam government, the opposition had informed the state government not to proceed because the MoU has not yet appealed to the people especially to the people. The Meghalaya government has not listened to the voice of the people of the state.
Thousands of people attended the HSPDP rally in Umwiehsnieh where the party has confirmed and announced that Kong Iva Kharbani will be the candidate for the election. I will be elected in 2023 from Mawhati Constituency.
These plants have been cultivated in Jaintia Hills as taught since ancient times without any difference except for two other plants which have been cultivated in the new era. and they grow according to their time.
Almost all the officials of these three parties attended these two meetings to seek support for their candidates.
They also discussed the issue of full employment of employees and contract workers.
The pass rate of students this year is 56.49 percent.
Senior Engineer, PWD (Road) Williamnagar Circle on Saturday inaugurated the 1st Christmas Cup Football Tournament 2021 organized by the Mihmyntdu Catholic Church.
Retired teachers, former Principals, members of the Alumni Association of the College and government officials from various departments were present.
“We have studied everything now to bring the issue in line with the National Standard, so that the students can compete with others from other states.
As it turns out, it has been seen that the status of those who attend church services, or the holding of religious services, falls into the category of visiting bars, restaurants, shops and others. ; but there should be a longer and more comprehensive vision for the service of God, although there should also be advice to understand, to protect themselves from the danger of disease and rules. government and we believe that there will be no religious group to fight against and if so, we will see what the opinion of the people's leaders, because they themselves are very smart, to go to church, especially in the times of great prayer.
The KSU said that the bill will not lead to violence by the army, human rights violations, which have been seen in other incidents in the states. .
Meanwhile, the Federation of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Pritam Marak said, “We would like to thank the people who have supported us in our struggle for the truth. For the death of Balsan, we have decided to continue and intensify the protests if the government does not listen".
“We will write to the EC to convene a meeting of all the MDCs together with the Chief Executive Members to discuss all the pending Bills, and that the EC will also send a letter to the government on the proposal to amend the Bill. the 6th Schedule,” said Bah Pynshngain.
Before the two teams left the field to compete for the title, Samla Johny Nongrum, Sports Icon of the state, gave a speech to express his gratitude to the Sports Icon of the state. The District Sports Officer of Ri Bhoi District has organized this day to celebrate the National Sports Day. to love sports to achieve a healthy body according to the goal of the Government of India.
Even in the middle of the rain, the HYC members did not hesitate, but continued to raid the foreign shops, but at such a time when the HYC members were still busy raiding the shops. , Police from Nongpoh Police Station, have stopped the shoplifting of these HYC members. When the Police from Nongpoh, there has been a heated argument between the members of the HYC and these shopkeepers. The HYC Police Station, Nongpoh, has insisted that it cannot accept that foreigners can open open shops without providing proper documents.
She said that a day before taking a decision on the fate of Lamphang, he announced in the House on 24th October that he has appointed a committee. the Chairpersons, where the elders among them shall preside over the dorbar.
Expressing hope that the talks will bear fruit, the Vice Chairman of the party said, “We are hopeful that the talks will reach the goal, although it may be slow.
Today, Modi launched the IPPB to raise funds through post offices, which will go to every household across India and will have More than 3 lakh sign workers will work together with Grameen Dak Sewaks.
The union also warned that if the government does not take action, the union will not hesitate to take other measures.
It is also a time when the candidate still has a spirit of love, respect and affection for the people.
Nongpoh, July 19: Thousands of children of Raid Marwet today performed the annual sacrifice to God. The Creator of the Sohjer festival said that God will bless the children of thousands every year especially after the harvest of the first fruit of their hard work every year.
The Director of the State Information Centre, Bah T Dkhar, said that no information is available on the EVMs but the equipment manufactured as EVMs is adequate and reliable.
He said that the poor people have been left in darkness and misery because of this government which has ruled without respect for them.
“I would like to inform you that the State Government has received many complaints from the students of Meghalaya regarding the postponement of CUET examination outside the State like Ranchi, Jharkhand, Jorhat, Dibrugarh, Kolkata and other States. “I don't know what to do,” said Conrad in a letter sent to the Minister.
Don't be law law with your friends or don't laugh at the raitoi. Don't cheat on your fellow students or teachers and on your parents.
Jowai, Jymmang 03 : The Open Cricket Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WCRI) on Tuesday at Madan Khliehtyrshi Mini Stadium. Lion Sports Youth Affairs beat Moodymmai Cricket Club by 27 runs.
Shillong, November 06: Shillong Tiger SC will play against Dhana SC and Khliehriat West YWSC will play against Moolamanoh SC on the 9th of November. within three years from patients seeking care at this facility.
Anila Ali, from Dokri in Sindh, was born with a large, soft head and this affected her three-month-old baby. , as the head grows larger and at the same time, that there is a risk that the disease will affect the back of the body, which can grow larger as she gets older. .
In another message, the BJP-WJH sent its condolences to the families of the deceased and injured.
The Prana Pratishtha, a Hindu ritual to erect the idol of Rama, is currently underway inside the Thakurbari Temple and will be completed on the 22nd of June.
Police are investigating to identify the suspects and arrest them in due course.
“This clearly shows the violence and violation of property rights by Dr. Mukul Sangma.
Some of the bacteria that cause gastro-enteritis and diarrhea are: Bacteria – Salmonelia or Escherichia.
When she reached the front of the house, she shouted, "Ko Rida, Ko Rida..." "Oi mano..." As soon as she heard the call, Rida ran out of the house and ran to look.
About 14 children who sell kwai dong every day in Jowai, West Jaintia Hills District have taken part in various programs prepared by the Seng.
Shillong, November 5: The body of a woman aged between 35 and 40 has been recovered from Umiam Police Station at 3:30 pm this afternoon.
Why don't you have money to live? If you get sick, you can't buy it. We have saved ourselves from what we think.
In the final U-17 Boys, Rymbai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School beat Wapung Higher Secondary School 2-1 while in the U-17 Girls, Khliehriat Higher Secondary School beat Wapung Higher Secondary School 2-1 1-0 against Lotus Secondary School, Dienchynrum.
He will be the first Prime Minister of the country to chair the NEC meeting in Shillong in the presence of all the Chief Ministers of the Eastern States and government officials.
“It is on these grounds that we have decided to support and if the amendment comes, we will be able to give our opinion and what we agree with we will support and what we disagree with we will oppose,” he said.
When asked, Sangma said, “This is why you will see that the Government is like a government that has been locked up. and the people of the state have to pay the price and the state as a whole has to pay the price and for this reason the people do not want this to happen again.
If the Ministry of Education immediately issues this order to direct schools, it will surely be a great protection for the students, when the Government has decided to grant permission for the opening of schools. schools in the state.
He also strongly criticized the Congress candidate Ma Vincent Pala for contesting the election after a fierce ticket race from the party. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Paul.
The NDSA Tournament Committee has also announced that the quarter final match of the 1st Division will be played on Friday 29th between New Nongstoin and Nongstoin FT. at 11.30am.
Regarding the award ceremony, Bah Kharkrang said that on the 19th of June at 1:30 pm and at the time of the worldwide market. Two of these men, who are over 60 years old, have arrested four murderers.
Ardent also questioned the decision of MeECL to turn off the electricity during the day and at night as well.
After a while, they threw stones at the houses of the UDP supporters and there was also an attempt to burn down the motorcycles.
The 29 MDC candidates announced by the Congress on Saturday include Chairman of GHADC Purno K. Sangma from Jengjal, CEM of GHADC Alphonse A. Sangma from Siju constituency, former MLA U.S. Ismail R.Marak of Asanang constituency, u Freedarson N.Sangma (Wagesi), Jeshwell Ch.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: In order to keep pace with other States of India as well as other countries in the world, the Central Government has advised the Meghalaya Government to find ways and means how to use There is no need to rely solely on water but to try through solar, wind and thermal energy.
Due to the lack of investigation, the police had to be called to arrest the residents who demanded an answer to the question why the BDO has reduced the number of days of pay.
In the men's football category, Namdong SC 'A' beat Moosachram 4-0
Officials of the Revenue Department have staged a protest to force the government to negotiate on their demands.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of Nongsder, Pyllun and Mawpun villages today held a public meeting at Pyllun village to protest against the robbery of land owners and the district authorities to demolish They have destroyed the houses of the residents of these villages.
During the meeting, they discussed issues related to the prevention of cruelty to wildlife as well as to wildlife.
We have come here to ask for the assistance of the Meghalaya government to develop the skills of the youth to lead the North East,” said Abhishek Mahatu.
The incident was first witnessed by neighbors who immediately called for extinguishing the fire.
On the 2nd of November, there will be heavy rainfall and heavy rainfall in some places.
On this occasion, the Rotary Club Jowai (RCJ) also presented an award to one of the members of the Club, Rtn.
He added that the people do not want such a government.
Bah Donboklang said that the fight against drugs will continue in the future, and the party urged the parents who are concerned about their children to contact the organization, the organization is ready to meet them.
It was this authority that forbade the Jews to have a Temple to worship until the time came.
you are doing the right thing.
However, it cannot be repaired due to the presence of timber trucks during the rainy season.
“After the discussion, we have decided that the Forest Department should set up a committee with the Executive Member of the Forest Department as the Chairperson and the CFOs and DCFOs as members as well as the State Government and Center of Excellence officials. “They will submit a report to the EC to proceed with the work,” he said.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the 22 groups and the people, Kong Nongrang said it was very pleasant that the people from all over the country came to meet.
Before the issuance of the Hindi Education Act, the Svamitva Land Survey Act was sent from Delhi to the Government of Meghalaya to accommodate foreigners to survey land in 6846 villages in Meghalaya and to stay up to Every year, to take counts from drones that fly in the sky and send information back to the ground to collect these survey workers.
Out of the 11 cows kept inside the house, 6 cows standing in front of the house fell dead.
If the Assam government does not take action to punish these police shooters, the HSPDP will not stand idly by, but will continue to demand the rights of these four shooters.
The KSU has urged the Infiltration Department to curb the illegal entry of foreigners into the area and said that it will not allow the illegal entry of foreigners into the area.
It may be recalled that the village leaders together with the landowners, in July this year, had met with Bah PD Sangma, former Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, to hand over the soskular which they had already signed. they would be pleased if the government built a road through their land.
In order for the shying to dry well, they cut the shying which they are cutting and turn them in the sun so that it can germinate in all the seeds.
“This project to build the railway line has been started since 1980-81 and this news is shocking because the Executive Committee which I led has not issued any NOC to the government for the construction. “It's a railway line in Ri-Bhoi,” he said.
The source said the caller threatened to attack Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath.
This is one of the ways to prevent the influx of foreigners into our state.
Because whatever God has said will happen.
Peter saw firsthand that there were times when the business was very heavy because it was a very successful shop.
According to the police, after receiving information about the illegal activities of these three persons, the police of Hamren area have conducted an investigation, and it was from Tinsukia area that they They were arrested.
The two producers of the video and the speaker in the video came today to Nongpoh Police Station to talk face to face with Bah BB Makdoh together with the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs to apologize. in front of these leaders, and on the other hand these leaders warned and urged that they should not hesitate to do such things to make money by stealing the longrynieng of others especially those who are not journalists recognized by the They also requested them to come and apologize to their relatives tomorrow.
When asked about the actions of the Prime Minister against the Garo, John Leslee said, “I will mention only a few but there are many. Conrad wants to abolish the Reservation Policy, this is the worst thing for our state if Bangladeshis come here. Another thing that shows the childishness of the Prime Minister is that he has spoken against the protesters in Shillong by accusing them of being “It's a good idea to have a prime minister who shouldn't say that,” said John Leslee.
Every nation that lives in this world lives, grows and prospers because its language survives, spreads and passes down from one generation to another, thus a nation that knows how to country and to respect their own language, who use it properly, not only survives but becomes a great country and looking at the behavior of the citizens of the state who speak the language Khasi seems to have learned to speak swai or sdot.
The group also demanded that the government should increase the budget of the Veterinary Department so that it can assist the farmers, allocate special funds to provide urgent assistance to the farmers who have lost their livelihoods. The group also demanded that the government should temporarily ban the import of pigs, cattle and cows from outside the state to prevent the spread of the disease. you are from the state.
Jowai, March 8: On the 6th of March, 2015, a house collided with an electricity post which collapsed due to a snowstorm, at Namdong village – West Jaintia Hills. District, and until today, the line man in charge of this village has not received anything and the village authorities have informed him immediately to rescue the house from the danger.
They also said that the insult to Mawlai village on how strong they feel and the ignoring of the voice of the people who held at Student Square to demand ILP is not justified, but was accepted by the. “This is the main reason why we have lost confidence in the leaders of the party because they have turned the ILP into M-ILP (Mukul-ILP),” they said.
“There have been Dorbar Shnongs who have proposed to allocate land to the department to build Rehab Centers for drug addicts under the DREAM project to fight against the menace of drugs,” said Bah. Paul.
Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein: for the time is at hand.Revelation 1:3
On the other hand, this fellow missionary also went to meet his beloved friend.
He said that the cold storage of jhur and the implementation of training on crops in the rural areas will enable the farmers to benefit from the crops. They from these crops by reducing the amount of jhur ki jhep.
He also criticized the implementation of the new plan as not only the construction has not been completed but the materials have been purchased and provided in advance especially in Sohra which is known as the highest rainfall area. “It's like a house that has just been built, TVs, refrigerators, furniture have already been bought. " said Titus.
Prestone's remarks came after the HNLC expressed its strong opposition to the summons of General Secretary Sainkupar Nongtraw during the peace talks.
If you want to buy jhur jyrngam from the fields, from the fields ... you need to buy only the flour from the market"
He suggested to inform the implementers of these schemes if there is any delay in the implementation of various projects.
Riquoma Rq.Laloo, father of Rupda who is also the Waheh Shnong of Panaliar, conducted the meeting in the presence of family members and invitees.
“When I left the police service, I last worked in Resubelpara in 2021,” he said.
A tall man cannot make anyone like Rabindranath Tagore,” said Mamata Banerjee, Chief Minister of West Bengal.
They also expressed their regret that the churches have not listened to their request to stop the burial until they can resolve the issues. however, there is still a grave to bury people and there is still a border crossing.
Speeches were also delivered by Dr. Damewan Suchiang from Seiñ Raij Shangpung on the topic “The Role of Children in the Society” and also by Mrs. Santina Mawlong Asst.General Secretary of Seiñkhihlang on the theme “The New Trep New Skum in the Society”.
“It has also been learned that those who operate these quarries are only households and many of them are the people of the Syiem and this is against the customs and traditions,” he added.
“The government in power can use force, but we are not armed forces, we carry principles and if the government uses force on the grounds that we are against the future “We are ready to take another path and we will stand firm against this,” he added.
In a meeting with the village leaders, the union said that they are still in trouble and unhappy that if the government cannot set up the BOP until the end of the village boundary, the union concluded.
This gift is part of the Christmas celebration.
Samla D.Sunn President of the Seng in a statement sent by the Seng said that during the meeting with the Director of DSEL, the Director told the members of the Seng that In fact, his office has already appointed these subjects according to the list appointed by DSEL in the form of temporary appointments and he said he has no information. He said that the DSEO Nongstoiñ office has not given any information on the strike or retirement of these teachers.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Ranikor Circle has invited all those who wish to contest the MDC elections for the Langrin constituency this year.
A total of 26,979 health workers have been vaccinated once and 19,107 have been vaccinated twice.
Only if you have IPR you can go to court if someone tries to misuse the name of your company,” said Langstieh.
The meeting was conducted by TbnSP Rngikeh CASA Officer for Meghalaya. The meeting was opened with the opening prayer by Pastor PB Syngkli of the Church of Christ. Mawpat and former MLA Rangbah Edward Kurbah who is also the General Secretary of the Meisin Kur Seng and his children welcomed the guests.
“Until now, there is no border between the present Karbi Anglong and Jaintia Hills,” he said.
On the same day, the MLA also handed over the cleaning equipment to Umsaw Mawjynrong village in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong Bah R.Mawthoh. and others.
Shillong: The STIEH this morning met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy to request him to pass the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHAD) Bill. Bill) 2018.
So that the wheat in these fields can “breathe” that is, it will not die.
They also won the MSL 2018 title by beating Tynrongmawsaw in a tie-breaker in Jowai.
The leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council Mawthadraishan Circle, after receiving the request from the villagers, have taken action and handed over a letter of request to the EE of PWD Mairang. to talk to the government to turn its attention to the village, by allocating funds for the construction of the road, so that the people can escape from the problems.
The opposition has 5 MLAs from the Congress, 5 TMC and 4 MLAs from the VPP. The ruling NPP has 28 MLAs, UDP 11, BJP 2, HSPDP 2 and independent MLAs .
It may be recalled that in the past few days, due to the severe flooding, the dam has dropped to more than 3165 feet until the hills, old roads, houses have been flooded and so on.
The Minister also outlined the objectives of the Meghalaya government to identify talented youth through a special program known as the Start Talent Identification Programme.
The Shillong Times, November 8, 2012).
Drivers have also been directed to check whether they have been injected or not.
On the part of the residents and village leaders of these two villages, they expressed their gratitude to Ms. Macdalyne S Mawlong for providing these parking spaces at a time when the residents need them.
Shillong, Nailar 28: Before the meeting of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, tomorrow, to discuss the ILP, Bah BM Lanong, former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, while talking to “I have already sent the report, it is up to the government and it is the report wanted by various political parties.
However, for Ambani's son, Ananth Ambani, all the rules have been violated.
Speaking to reporters on Monday, 20th June 2024, Lamphrang said, “I don't like to mention the name of the party but the voting is their own business. members who support any party.
In another match, East Khasi Hills, which won the toss, failed to bat first and managed to stop West Khasi Hills, who scored only 78 runs for the loss of 7 wickets. that has been reduced to just 15 overs.
At the start of the first round of the SPL, it was found that the MFA Turf Third Ground Polo was unsuitable for playing, as the plastic ball had broken and the rubber had broken. They came out and flowed outside the stadium, which clearly shows that if the book goes wrong, it can cause serious injuries to the players playing in this stadium.
Rani said the government should provide a new Fire Brigade vehicle because in yesterday's incident, even 1 km away, the fire truck was slow to reach even though it was near the scene.
Just as people differ, so do the differences in remembering or forgetting things.
Bible scholars explain that the Truth is the source of Freedom, and the Truth is that which we hold fast to the covenant and the ransom that has been broken.
JOWAI: This will be the first time in the history of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) elections that it has brought a great surprise to all the people of Jaintia Hills and Meghalaya. The people have decided to elect up to 10 new MDCs.
The award of T.1 lakh was awarded by the Parliamentary Secretary of the State, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh.
Then the spring, the rain, the snow and the rain appear on the earth and life.
We hope that you readers and supporters of the newspaper will not feel anything about this decision which we cannot take, and that you will continue to support U Nongsaiñ Hima so that we can serve you in the days and nights. years to come.
He recalled that it had been discussed to implement the T.1.40 crore scheme received from RUSA to improve the college from classrooms and others and at that time he said that the minister had promised. He said that the project will start by 31st March but no signs have been seen yet.
The residents of Lapangap Village have protested against the decision of the district authorities of West Jaintia Hills to cut down the trees from Pynthor Hill as demanded by the Karbi residents.
Police from Jowai together with the family members of Govern Bang from Mystem will rush to Kalain and the owner of the vehicle and police to Karimganj to investigate and take necessary action on the incident.
Investigation has revealed that the suspect was involved in the robbery of ATMs in Madanryting, Rynjah, Laitumkhrah and Laban.
Expressing the same feeling, Sutnga-Saipung MLA Santa Mary Shylla said that women have started to come forward to participate in politics.
In the third division, Sanmer beat Lawmali 4-0 with Babit Dorphang of Sanmer scoring two goals in the 55th and 65th minutes, while Judicius Khonglah and Wonderful Lyngkhoi scored each in the second half. 58 and 69 minutes.
At the same time, he urged other political parties to cooperate with them for the benefit of the people.
I don't know what it means, but the Rajasthan government has also been involved in this project, which will provide the mechanism and surveying.
The Tipra Motha has nominated 42 candidates including 20 from the constituencies allocated only to the tribals.
The party stands on the basis of dialogue with the government or other political parties, not to criticize or say, only mine is the best.
Sadhu Sundar Singh in Khasiland There is no record that Sadhu Sundar Singh met or preached the word of God among the Punjabis/Sikhs in Khasiland, especially in Shillong, even during his time in Khasi Hills. Shillong, a Sadhu lives in a house in Mawkhar, just 10 km from Mawlong Market, where the Sikhs live.
“I am worried that any hasty action could lead to conflict,” he said, referring to the ongoing border talks to resolve the remaining seven dispute areas.
Interspersed streams and rivers and valleys form many flat hills on top of mountains that differ from one mountain to another in height and length.
On the other hand, the union said that according to our understanding, this project will not die or disappear, but there is a secret of someone.
He said that out of the 308 land owners, 17 have not yet received their land fees.
The names of the National People's Party (NPP) LAC are as follows:-1)1-Nartiang (ST) LAC -Shri Sñiawbhalang Dhar (MLA & Minister).2)2-Jowai (ST) LAC -Shri Wailadmiki Shylla( 3) 3-Raliang (ST) LAC-Shri Comingone Ymbon (MLA & Ex-Minister). 4) 4-Mokaiaw (ST) LAC- Shri Habahun Dhar. 5) 5-Sutnga-Saipung (ST) LAC-Mrs Santa Mary Shylla.6)6-Khliehriat (ST)LAC-Shri Nehlang Lyngdoh(EX-MLA).7)7-Amlarem (ST) LAC-Shri Stephanson Mukhim(EX-MLA).8)8-Mawhati (ST)LAC - Shri Shemphang Lyngdoh.9)9-Nongpoh (ST)LAC-Smti Macdalyne Sawkmie Mawlong(MDC&EM).10)10-Jirang (ST)LAC-Shri Sosthenes Sohtun (MLA).11)11-Umsning (ST)LAC- Shri Jason Mawlong (MLA).12) Umroi (ST)LAC-Shri Damanbait Lamare.13) 13-Mawryngkneng (ST)LAC-Shri Pyniaid Sing Syiem (MLA).14) 14-Pynthorumkhrah (ST)LAC-Shri Rocky Hek .15)15-Mawlai (ST) LAC-Shri Teibor Pathaw(EM&MDC).16)16-East-Shillong LAC-Smti Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh (EX-MLA).17)17-North-Shillong LAC-Shri Ransom Sutnga .18)18-West Shillong LAC-Shri Mohendro Rapsang(Ex-MLA)19)19-South Shillong LAC-Nil.20)20-Mylliem (ST) LAC -Shri Hamletson Dohling (Ex-MLA & Ex-Minister). 21)21-Nongthymai (ST) LAC-Smti Jasmine Lyngdoh.22)22-Nongkrem (ST) LAC-Shri Dasakhiatbha Lamare (MLA& Minister).23)23-Sohiong (ST)LAC-Shri Samlin Malangiang (Ex-MLA & Ex-Minister).24)24-Mawphlang (ST)LAC-Shri Kenedy Cornelius Khyriem (Ex-MLA).25)25-Mawsynram (ST)LAC-Shri Alvin K Sawkmie (MDC& Deputy Chairman KHADC).26)26- Shella(ST)LAC-Smti Grace Mary Kharpuri(MDC&EM).27)27-Pynursla (ST) LAC-Shri Prestone Tynsong (MLA,Dy-CM).
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that the Chief Secretary has sent a letter to Assam and the two Chief Ministers will soon meet to discuss border issues.
The HITO said that according to its investigation, it was found that out of the 60 MLAs, only four MLAs who have not been found have been able to release the money allocated Rs 2.5 crore and these MLAs include Metbah Lyngdoh MLA Mairang, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Renikton Lyngdoh MLA Mawkyrwat, Minister of State, Wailadmiki Shylla MLA Jowai, Pynïaid Sing Syiem MLA Mawryngkneng.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: U MDC of Nongkrem constituency, Bah HS Shylla, who has joined the National People's Party (NPP), on Tuesday said that the ethnic parties cannot achieve the goal of forming a government. “The UDP and HSPDP have ended only in Puriang, only in Jaintia Hills they have not entered. What do you expect from these parties? The PDF is the party of Malik. but the final decision is Malik's," he said.
It is not enough to get a job, what are the salaries and rights of the workers? A clear picture is clear in Meghalaya that the workers are no longer workers, but have become like slaves and no one respects them.
“I am surprised how the chairman speaks to the media without asking me as the CEM for the truth,” said Teinwel.
As a sign of the beginning of unity among us, let us be clear to elect only one regional (preferable) or national political party which can form a government. the winners through the party so that there will be no party split after winning their victories) which can bring us back to the same way we are today.
The DKRSRBD leaders also strongly criticized the government for trying to mislead the state by passing the Meghalaya Grassroot Institutions Governance Act The VAB is the foundation to protect, preserve and maintain the country, the nation and also the culture and traditions of the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
There are reports that the venue of the prayer is in the forests of Pohkseh, Mawlai and Barik areas.
After working at night, she was on leave and was supposed to start working again on the 23rd of June, but on that day, she informed that she was not well and so, in the evening, she came to stay at hospital, to be treated better.
The opposition members have demanded a special session to discuss the power struggle and their intention to dissolve the NPP EC in Garo Hills.
Shillong: U DP Leader and Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday slammed those who accused him of not visiting the funeral home of Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit last month.
The Constitution of India contains provisions that allow the people of the country to elect new representatives to the Parliament every five years. ), and also to the State Assemblies across the country.
He said that the roster system has not yet been fixed on the date of the roster system and therefore the court cannot. passing this Act, which is the responsibility of the State Government or the State Legislative Assembly.
Nongdawah CC won by six wickets against Marbisu CC and Nangshai Nongpluh was named Player of the Match.
So far, there are 37 cases in Assam and the total number of cases has risen to
Expressing concern over the allocation for MGNREGA which has dropped to ` 600 crore, Bah Lyngdoh said, “Why has this allocation dropped from more than ` 600 crore to ` 600 crore.
The species most commonly found in Bengal and in the eastern parts of India is the scientific name Nicotiana rustica.
Shillong, Nailar 16: Hundreds of names of the residents of Mawkisyiem, Sohra have appeared in the answer to the public information request of the Project Manager of the Cherrapunjee Ecological Project on the implementation of the multi-billion rupee project. in the city of Mawkseem.
During his visit to the market, the Prime Minister also had a chance to talk to the shopkeepers of the market to get their opinion on the needs to improve and renovate the market.
However, the department has allowed its contractors to do whatever they want during the improvement or maintenance of the roads without the proper supervision of the engineers of the department.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Fortunately, there were Khasi who came to fight against the robbery and survived.
The following year, Caudrat led the team to the playoffs.
The incident happened at 10:30 pm when the truck driven by Achik Barbuyia was coming from Silchar to Guwahati.
God calls us to God's glory in everyone who believes in Jesus Christ and God wants to carry this glory wherever we go in our daily journey. of our Christian life.
He said that the union has found that the dumping of garbage by the resort has polluted not only the environment, but also the river in the village. The river is used by the residents of the village for cleaning.
KHNAM also demanded that the rules of procedure of the EC should be clear and that is to verify the suggestions received from the political parties and the suggestion to improve the State Reservation Policy.
Speaking to media, Dr. War said that the seven places where people have been tested are from East Jaintia Hills, including 67 cases in Ladrymbai, 89 cases in Lumshnong and 71 cases in Umpleng. 91 cases from ISBT, 11 cases from Phulbari PHC and 62 cases from Bhaitbari PHC. The 7 clusters in the state have been closed as all 418 people who have been tested positive for covid.
Prophecy: the prophecy is the word that comes out of the mouth that is not understood by others; This is an event that happened as foretold.
The number of cases of Covid-19 in India has risen to 4,000 so far with 4,067 cases and 109 deaths.
In the SPL Under-18, Langsning FC beat Marbisu 3-1
However, there are also schools where fewer students take computers and the monthly fee is lower.
I met a Heh-Niam who was walking with an elder in a yard of our village.
It is worth mentioning that the previous government in the last five years, has been severely affected by the smuggling of coal in the state.
Dulong beat NSA 6-0 in the Under-1
“We have never said that, but when we go to the people we talk about how to bring about clean governance in the state and to ensure that justice will stand, to eradicate poverty and issues that we always talk about protecting the rights of the people of the state,” he said.
Therefore, all the friends, relatives and relatives from near and far are invited to attend the Shad Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Lber 20: The Meghalaya athletes today won several bronze and several silver medals at the 3rd North East Games held in Nagaland today.
In this regard, the Dorbar Shnong Mawthawñiaw, in collaboration with the CDPO Nongstoiñ, and the Nongstoiñ Police Department, on Saturday conducted a training on and these two things are how we can escape from them.
Jowai, Naiwieng 28: The KSU Laskein Circle and KSU Myntriang Unit under the leadership of Fives Tarson Suiam President and Channel Lam Urong VP today met with the DC of EJHD and submitted a letter to the DC of EJHD. Ma Wolding Lamurong, Rangbah Shnong of Myntriang, Meghalaya, has investigated into the misuse of NREGS (100 days scheme) funds amounting to T.5,1 This misuse of funds was committed in the years 2010-11 and 2012-1
MD Nafees Siddique was named man of the match for four wickets and Swarjeet Das was named Player of the Series for 190 runs for five wickets. Shillong Cricket League Super Division 2022-23 2022-23 FIFA World Cup 2022-2
Lambor said he is happy to be one family with the UDP party. He also appealed to the people to support the UDP party because for many years we have supported foreign parties. , but this time the UDP will undoubtedly win more than 20 constituencies and the power will not be theirs.
It is to be recalled that on the 13th of November last year, a girl was raped and the incident was committed by several children near the Sacred Heart School in Williamnagar is located in East Garo Hills District.
Clean fruits we will reap and it will bring rest when we can fulfill our desires through hard work.
HNYF East Khasi Hills President Bles Dkhar said that the KHADC has been operating these gates illegally without receiving the NOC from the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI). and from the State Government.
Andrew Mawthoh of Mawpynthaw won the award as the top scorer of the tournament by scoring 9 goals from the start to the end of the tournament. you're in the final.
Rajasthan accounted for 16 per cent of the highest number of tragic incidents and murders recorded in the country, the Chief Minister said.
Speaking to reporters, KHNAM Vice President Thomas Passah said that the party is now preparing to strengthen the party for the MDC elections next year. to come.
Dr. Jemino said that as of now, many leaders, intellectuals and dignitaries have turned to the UDP for the upcoming elections.
God himself says, “Heaven is my throne, and earth is my footstool: what house will ye build me?
According to an article quoted by the Assam Tribune and Zee News, the United Liberation Front of WESEA (UNLFW), the Coordination Committee (CorCom) of Manipur, the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) and the Hynniewtrep National Liberation The Council (HNLC) has called for a curfew from 12:01 pm to 6:00 pm on Tuesday.
The plaintiffs also said that there are no legal requirements to obtain permission from the environmental authorities to set up coke factories and therefore this order to demolish these factories will cause huge losses to the people. they.
Because God saw that there were no more true worshipers of God from the heart, God allowed these things to happen.
Bah HS Shylla was also the Deputy Speaker of the Meghalaya Assembly and former CEM of KHADC. on the plight of the people after the imposition of the National Lockdown to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
Dr War said the safest place to avoid Covid-19 is at home and do not go outside unless it is necessary.
He said that if the residents accept the blueprint, the government will have to build their houses.
“I have already asked you to ask other parties contesting the election now whether they raise such issues in Parliament, like the TMC,” he said.
“When something happens, it doesn't appear to the world that the woman is strong,” said Santa.
It is to be recalled that the public hearing of Star Cement has failed twice due to strong opposition from the civil society. Once in Brishyrnot and once in Lumshnong, it is now scheduled to be held in Khliehriat.
Zenith said another power plant at the Leshka power project has been damaged since 21st November, resulting in a loss of Rs 25 lakh per day.
On the other hand, the SDO, Bah I.Iakai, said that he will take action against the loss of machine transformer of Lakadong Ummat village and will inform the relevant authorities. He said that the stingy counting of the residents to pay the electricity bill and said that this is the reason why it will be difficult to get another machine transformer in the village.
Umiam I, II, III and IV are old and can no longer produce many KW. Umtrew I, Sonapani and Lakroh also produce only a few KW. Meghalaya has a population of about 2400 million MU.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has requested all parents to bring their children under 5 years of age to be vaccinated against polio at the designated places in their villages.
To develop and employ the youth, the YESS scheme has been implemented. This scheme has also benefited the youth as the youth who have their own groups have received assistance of up to 1 lakh tyngka and this has helped a lot. Shillong, July 18 : Three MLAs from different parties including the Minister of State have resigned today. and a few hours later they joined the UDP, one of the largest ethnic parties in the state and which is also part of the coalition government of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance.
“While I was away, the parents and the elderly people talked about the decline in morality in our society,” said the Mylliem MDC.
Lah Lamin Daloi said that it takes about six months to prepare the Rongkusi, and the Rong itself lasts for three days.
MPCC leaders and the Prime Minister urged the Congress MDCs of JHADC to remove their differences and to work together and strengthen the party, as the elections are approaching.
How long will this explanation in Delhi end? The MDA government, just because the state has been destroyed and peace has not been achieved, doesn't it mean that the demands for ILP will disappear?
He said that the Meghalaya Environment Protection and Restoration Fund (MEPRF) was established through the orders of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) in October 2015 which directed the State Government to collect 10 percent (10%) of the funds. the market price of coal per metric ton.
“Why do you say that I am so sorry?
Shillong: The State Pollution Control Board (STB) has opened a smoke testing center in Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills.
“Investigation is ongoing to find out from where the drugs were smuggled, where they were taken and who was involved in this,” said Bah Rymbui.
He said that at the same time, the KSU stands firmly on the ground to demand the implementation of the ILP and others.
Christ is the center of Christmas.
It also made me ask them about the dance without mentioning the combination of two words, because of their young age.
The cash prize will also go to the individual winners in the men's and women's group competitions in their respective weight categories, and also to the yoga winners.
In a statement, the President of the union, Samla Donalson Pyngrope, said that Nongmadan FC has been able to lead the region in the MSL tournament after many years that the teams from the region have not been able to take the lead. participate in this biggest football tournament in the state.
This distrust of the government towards the adhoc teachers will cause problems not only to the teachers but to tens of thousands of students in the state.
Bikram was arrested by Chabua PS from a border area between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh in Tinsukia district.
This is the first raid in Jaintia Hills.
Inspection by this reporter together with the officers in charge of these training centers and the youths from Mawthadraishan Block who are willing to attend these training centres, it was found that these training centers have not been properly equipped. The officers from the state have also taken the initiative to visit these training centers from time to time to visit and meet with these students.
When asked whether he has been able to stop drinking drugs, he said that as soon as he doesn't get drugs, his body becomes weak and he doesn't know how to sleep. .
Shillong, March 06: The month-long protest by the contract teachers at Mot Kiang Nangbah, when the police used force and fired tear gas bombs at them. teachers who turned to the Secretariat to demand their rights.
Police sources said that some people pretended to be the father of the student and came to pick him up from the school.
Shillong: Police and Magistrates of East Jaintia Hills District today conducted a search operation in the areas where there is illegal coal mining in Umpleng and Sakhain villages.
However, Madhav declined to comment when asked about the agreement with the NPP. Although he did not say clearly, he admitted that the BJP will form a government in Meghalaya after the 2018 elections.
“Many school children and students do not have Aadhar numbers, where can they go to get Aadhar now, I strongly oppose this action of the government,” said Bah Chyne.
Shillong: The Cabinet of Ministers of Meghalaya today approved to allow MeECL to assist in the payment of the debt of Rs 1,345.72 crore. to reduce the average cost of supply (ACS) and average revenue realized (ARR).
The Court also said that even the Indian Institute of Geomagnetism, which has stood firm not to allow the road to pass through its land, has now expressed its willingness to allocate land. You will be able to move more sharud if NHIDCL is willing to pay to move from this location.
The statement said that there are 43 cases in hospitals and 33 cases are from East Khasi Hills alone.
In Nongpoh Constituency, VPP members turned to the residence of Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem with placards to demand that he should speak on the demand for the renewal of the State Reservation Policy. Khasi and Jaintia are still silent on this issue.
Jowai, Lber 16: The residents of the India-Bangladesh border area in East and West Jaintia Hills have expressed their grief to the state government due to the lack of development works from roads to water supply. drinking water and even in health care when they are sick or injured.
The truck was driven by Somsul Sul Islam Tapadar from Assam and was also carrying Atta, Amul, Urea and other items.
The party said that the political transformation of the district councils has completely changed its purpose to preserve the customs and traditions.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills Ram Singh said that the elderly man was found positive for COVID-19 during a random test at Tikrikilla.
Nongpoh: The RBYF has informed the RBYF that the school children who were walking from Patharkhmah to St.Peter SS in Umkadhor have informed the RBYF that they were suffering from the disease. to go to school, because there are cases where their school uniforms have been torn, after they have been hit by a stick by vehicles passing and parked through this road and this happened because parts of The road is still under repair.
The book of Genesis tells us that in the beginning creation was confused, formless, and pure.
They were also told to leave before anything untoward happened.
However, the mission did not end here, it laid the foundation for a larger but vital challenge which is to ensure sampoorn swachhata or complete sanitation, where villages in rural areas are ODF Plus.
However, the government's approach is wrong, it seems that it is in a hurry just to get glory, and the desire is only to appear publicly that it has been distributed and given but without any proper follow-up, without think before you act.
“Young people with disabilities have been addicted to drugs, but you are a messenger to the world that in the forests of India there are rang kynsai,” said the KSU leader. “We are too small but God has chosen us from the small paid among the big paid who don't know us anymore,” said the NPYFU leader of the WKSU. In India, they are from the northern parts of Punjab and other states.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 19 :- The Rumshnong Youth Club Bataw on Saturday held the opening ceremony of the 2nd RYC Bataw Knockout Football Tournament
“I don't know what will happen later but today has already been a victory for the Congress in Nongstoiñ and we don't need to blame ourselves or insult anyone. “We will give a smile on our faces because we have a goal in 2018 and this has become clear today,” said Gabriel Wahlang.
“When we look at the example of other states like Assam, when it needs its own land, even though the people have been living illegally on government land for decades, when the government needs it, it doesn't allow them to own it. The Delhi Mumbai Express Highway has not provided the necessary space for the government to build the Delhi Mumbai Express Highway. On the other hand, the UHM warns these Sikhs from outside the state not to mushlia Shillong Municipal Board employees should respect the management of the SMB because the agreement is with the SMB and not with the SMB. employees.
In another incident, a man named Srot Ïawphniaw from Langlew village, has committed suicide by hanging himself.
“This is what the Council has done now, that we have to find out for our own people and this is only the beginning and the Council has started a small research and from there it will continue. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Dr Nonglait.
This helps in the early detection of new diseases, if there is a detection of cases in the country and also paves the way for taking measures for the health of the people.
Melina Basaiawmoit, another wrestler from Meghalaya, has reached the pre-quarter final after defeating Sonia Rana of Odisha and will face Arunachal Pradesh.
Experts on the occasion included Nidahun P Swer, Community Nurse, DMHP, East Jaintia Hills and Rev RK Sutnga, Sutnga Presbyterian Church.
The cold weather this year in these villages has been so severe that in many places the trees have fallen to the ground.
Any residents of East Jaintia Hills District who wish to become Fair Price Shop Dealers for the year 2021 can submit their applications to the Office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District. Hills District, Khliehriat.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has taken steps to resolve the border between Assam and Meghalaya. The second meeting will be held this month after the celebration of Independence Day.
Tomorrow, Lalduhoma will meet the Governor to show his support for the formation of a new government in Mizoram.
“However, this has made us stronger and able to work better in all aspects,” he said.
All the five candidates have expressed their views and opinions.
In parts of the state, there will be heavy rainfall and thundershowers.
The Entry Tax Gate of Assam at Khanduli has been guarded by the Assam Police, while the farmland of the Pnars in the Karbi area has been left unattended. to go rep.
Police said that a man named Deishim o Lamurong, from Rymbai village, was arrested by the villagers while he was committing the crime. , while his friends escaped in the darkness of the night.
However, when the land plots are digitized by the Government Office, the method of selling plots will be very difficult to go to the Government Offices and if the government officials do not have time to visit them, GPS Technology can no longer be used to buy land.
In his speech, he said that he is deeply saddened to see this flood until the people have lost their sleep and he said that because the water has reached these places, at the time of “He has done whatever he has the authority as an MDC to help them and also promised to help some of the households who are still alive,” said a statement sent by Bah C. Kharmawphlang (member).
Furthermore, the JAC Rilum Jaintia urges all the residents to maintain unity throughout the state on this issue so that the demands will be successful.
“KHADC should not issue a license to this company,” said Bah Sumer.
The pollution of the Umsohlang River is due to the flow of waste from the households of the people through the streams coming from Mawkynroh, Umshing and Mawroh.
Alia made her debut in Bhansali's Gangubai Kathiawadi and Ranveer has starred in Ram-Leela, Bajirao Mastani and Padmaavat.
Shillong, Nailur 23: A few days after the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem personally led the closure of 46 foreign shops in Ri Bhoi District, These 46 shopkeepers have come to the KHADC office to register. These 46 shopkeepers belong to foreigners who illegally open shops in the area. Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Chief Executive Member of KHADC, said that after a while of closure, On the 21st of this month, more than 15 shopkeepers came to the office of the KHADC and expressed that they have understood their mistake.
Expressing his dissatisfaction with the government's failure, Babu Andrew said that as the Minister of Education, the door is open to talk to the teachers. The Minister's speech will not end only in the newspapers but will be demonstrated by his actions.
However, unfortunately, those schools which do not have BSNL network will not be able to use the internet because the IT department of the state has contracted only with this company to provide the equipment in all schools. .
The East Khasi Hills District Badminton Association (EKHDBA) will soon hold the 7th East Khasi Hills District Badminton Championship 2023 on July 29 and will end on November 1,
One of the reasons, most affecting and real that most people are lonely and lacking in friendships is because of poverty and lack of education.
The District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills District on Saturday lifted the micro containment order in Demthring village after failing to curb the spread of COVID-1 This village after the outbreak of the disease.
It was also explained among the youth, parents that they should not marry children or encourage child marriage as this is illegal and can lead to severe penalties.
Shillong, June 20: The President of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM), Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, has clarified publicly on the allegation by one of the media outlets in Shillong, that he was photographed while voting. also in the Whatapp group.
What is more dangerous for media freedom is the bias of journalists and producers.
After the meeting, Pawar sent a tweet inviting Shinde to the party's program to celebrate the 75th anniversary of the Maratha Mandir. in 1945 by the late GG Gawde, popularly known as Babasaheb Gawde, who expressed the need to set up a training center to educate the people so that they can learn about their own culture. right.
The deceased were identified as Jawanalderliefest Talang, 10, son of Dashisha Talang and Edify Laloo, 8, son of Replist Laloo.
In the past few months, there have been talks to nominate Mukul Sangma for the Tura Constituency, but it is understood that Sangma has not agreed, as he wants to continue in the Tura Constituency. politics in the State and thus instead, the name of Deborah Marak was proposed.
“This is the Government's plan, they want to run away from their responsibilities but we will not allow them," he said.
This was announced by Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, EM and Chairman of the Traditional Medical Commission, KHADC, at a meeting held by the SNDKN. Bhoi unit, Saturday morning at Umsning Auditorium Hall.
“This complaint will be referred to the Privilege Committee for examination, investigation and submission of a report,” he said.
“I have already spoken to Bah Ernest Mawrie (and asked him) if he can withdraw the decision so that we can work together,” he said. the decision of the party leadership.
Selected candidates will receive a certificate at the end of the training and a t-shirt, travel expenses and food for each trainee.
U Ganga Prasad, Governor of Meghalaya, today spoke in Hindi in his first speech as Governor in the Budget Session of the State since his appointment.
And we will no longer have leaders or journalists to live for peace.
Shillong: The Special Committee of the UDP MDC Sohra Constituency was held today at Shillong Club, Shillong.
He asked, “Where do they put the vacancy of the vacant post that they have already announced? We have come to oppose and we cannot accept that and we hope that the people will support us and we request the Nongmihkhmat to take action on this demand and you will demand our rights and we should write examination and enlistment in the army.
Police have handed over the bodies to the relatives after completing all the necessary procedures except the post mortem as the family members have requested to release them from the post mortem.
Pranab Kumar Goswami, AGP (P) leader, said, “We have made it clear that we are against the CAA from the beginning, but it is these AGP leaders who have brought this bill. The BJP will contest the elections in its own party and will talk to others who oppose the CAA. Constituency.
“Christians who are the highest paid in the state should be removed from the status of minority at the state level,” said the SMC. The Supreme Court of India in 2002, ruled that the census should be based on the state and not the country because most of the states in the country are divided according to language, ethnicity. .
During the raid, it was found that the theft and release of money was linked to banks in Hong Kong and the United States as well.
Besides Raju, other ministers who sent their resignation letters to the MRD were Kotla Surya Prakash Reddy, Minister of State for Railways, son of K Vijayabhaskar Reddy. he should not convey as if it were in his mind.
Our happiness depends on the order and happiness of our family.
Shillong: A program to mark the relocation of the Khliehriat C&RD Block to Wapung was held on Friday at Wapungskur, East Jaintia Hills District.
According to an order issued by the Director of NEIGRHIMS Hospital, DM Thapa, only those patients who have received permission from the state government in the North East can bring patients for treatment. The order from NEIGRIHMS hospital also states that only one person will be allowed to accompany those who are sick with the corona virus and the health department should keep a count of vehicles and escorts of those who are sick when they are sick. pass through the gates of the state.
The Khasi population in Bangladesh is currently 85,1
Because death in the Spirit reigned from Adam to Moses.
The Maharashtra government has decided to allow the purchase of liquor online and delivery of liquor to the door from now on. of drinkers.
“This demand to amend the Reservation Policy will not affect the party in the elections from Garo Hills because the struggle to amend the Reservation Policy is not against the Garo people but against the government. “I am sure that the Garo people also understand this good intention of us and not to be misled by some,” said Bah Ardent. The VPP's demand to change the Reservation Policy has not affected the party in Garo Hills.
The JAC of Social Organizations (JAC) hopes that they will immediately stop the operation of the petrol pump and especially to summon the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Lambor Bina.
There are also some who say that these vehicle owners mostly cancel their online orders so that they can put them offline to get the price as they please.
However, if the party is not in power, it is not easy to implement its hidden dream.
It allowed the three payments to be made equally on all three occasions.
McDowell said he expected China to develop a strategy to operate the rocket while it was flying into space and even until it returned. long now, it is difficult, that they should be released, without being guided by their powers.
Therefore, you need to learn to eat and enjoy your health.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Mawphor said that a man was found lying lyngktar on the road in the middle of bloodshed.
The reply of the AICC chairman shows that he did not want to comment on the matter and is trying to hide it.
The government from the beginning has set up this market to help buyers and sellers.
Dr Lyngdoh said that not only the NSUI, but we have also decided to suspend other organizations run from Delhi like Sevadal, Mahila Congress which may be among them, who intend to to destroy the organization.
Shillong: Syntung Upper Primary School, Mawkynrew, has celebrated its 50th Golden Jubilee.
Not only has the temporary rainfall turned into rivers, but it has also caused terrible floods.
I promise to find a pleader.
According to the programme, the President will leave for the residence of the Governor at Raj Bhavan after addressing the House.
Shillong, June 16: Police recruits today, 22nd June 2024, met with Bah CVD Diengdoh, IAS, Personal Secretary, Home to demand the government to upgrade the card. The 27-year-old police officer has been sentenced to 30 years old.
Some of the prominent candidates in the state include Bhupesh Baghel (Congress) from Patan, Raman Singh (BJP) from Rajnandgaon, Vijay Baghel (BJP) from Patan, Gomti Sai (BJP) from Pathalgaon, Renuka Singh Saruta ( BJP) of Bharatpur-Sonhat, TS Singh Deo (Congress) of Ambikapur, Arun Sao (BJP) of Lormi, Brijmohan Agrawal (BJP) of Raipur City South, Tamradhwaj Sahu (Congress) of Durg Gramin, Charan Das Mahant (Congress) of Sakti bad Deepak Baij (Congress) and Chitrakot.
Stella Khongsngi won the Miss Meghalaya title while Angelina Jackson won the Miss Teen title in the Miss Teen pageant which ended on Saturday under Soso Tham. Auditorium, Shillong.
There was no one inside the house and the fire burnt down all the belongings of the house with damage worth tens of lakhs of rupees.
Perhaps for those who are clean, there is no problem and they will not find it difficult to get certificates from their Rangbah Shnong but what will upset and anger will be for those residents who want to stay. and he didn't want to tell anyone.
Nongpoh, March 04: In preparation for the Assembly elections and to strengthen the party in Ri-Bhoi District, the United Democratic Party (UDP) today held a General Council to elect the new office bearers of the party. district for the term 2022-25 held at the Dorbar Hall in Nongpoh.
The Nongkrem MLA, who is also the leader of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), said that besides the reservation policy, the next issue that the party will demand from the government is to remove the excessively appointed Chairman and Consultants who are a waste of public money.
“Our policy is to bring about development for all under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi,” he said.
India is currently under a 21-day curfew to prevent the spread of the disease.
With this victory, Tura will prepare for the title against Shillong Cricket Association-A in the final on the 3rd of June.
“This talk of attacking Pakistan is an election ploy.
They lodged a complaint at Sola police station, Ahmedabad in Gujarat in connection with the incident and were beaten with a tied base ball.
The government has taken this decision after seeing that many water wells have been severely affected by the urbanization.
The tournament will end on 15th June.
Dimple also feels that as a widow, she needs to perform and act in roles that inspire other women in the country.
Therefore, he said that this action of the NPP has thrown itself ahead of the elections.
The funeral service will be held on 17/08/21 at Khnap Thangbru, Khimusniang, Jowai. 352 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed, 8 people have died and these people have died. The number of cases in the state has risen to 1235 on Monday.
I think the Government is considering this because not only T.5 lakh but it may be too much but I cannot say anything now because the relevant department is still considering this matter. " said Mr. Prestone.
The Lyngkhat market is the food source of the Riwar area for the purpose of feeding the households of the low income people. It is a hope once again for the people of the area to trade.
Com Company Private Limited in collaboration with Chankylliang Development Society.
Laitumkhrah Sports Club, Mawlyngngad Sports Club, Ïatyllilang Sports Club, Pommura Sports Club and Umsohsun Sports Club won their SSA U-20 4th Division Football League MFA Turf Polo on Saturday.
In the 3rd division, Umlyngka SC beat Lumparing 1-2
Shillong, Lber 31 : The Government has informed the High Court of Meghalaya that the repair of the Jowai Bypass Road will be completed by July this year.
However, in writing, the distinction between the pyrsa kur and the pyrsa kurim should be clear.
“Then you came to the market...” She asked again.
Bity Jyrwa, after being able to close down the shop of a non-Khasi, told reporters that she strongly condemned the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the Ministers. The delay in checking the Trading License of the foreigner whether it is proper or not and the failure to check the employment of foreigners in the market from time to time. time that always happens.
In the quarter-finals, they beat Maroua Rahali of Tunisia 15-6 and in the semi-finals, they lost to Nicola Adams on 8th July. the bronze medal.
Furthermore, the government through its Muktiar has requested for four months to submit the status report and the court has allowed this.
I expressed my gratitude for the support to our candidates and urged them to work hard so that the NDA candidates will win, and we also discussed some of the ways and means that we can move forward. Sangma said.
Our mission is “One Earth, One Health" which aims for good health for all – for people, animals, plants and the environment.
Furthermore, these Homeguard Volunteers said that their commitment to work with the Homeguard and Civil Defense Office is from 27th March 2020 to 31st December
The incident happened on the 29th of this month when the couple, who were suspected to be in love, drowned in the pond.
Speaking to media, he said that as of today, the Cabinet has approved the decision to increase the revenue through the Excise Department, but there is still a need to change the decisions regarding the Excise Department. This matter will be decided tomorrow morning after the writings have been submitted.
Dr. LR Bishnoi requested the cooperation of the media to disseminate information to the public regarding the dangers of drugs.
“Speaking on the All Party meeting, the Chief Minister said that the state government has done a lot to fight the disease in the state where in the first phase of the disease in the state there were only 700 cases. Initially but now there are more than 3000 oxygen cylinders. Before there were no oxygen cylinder filling stations but now there are these are just examples of what they have done.
The policeman, identified as Chiran Moshahary, committed suicide by shooting himself with a rifle.
The HYC Sohing Circle under the leadership of Bah Purningstar Shabong, has lodged a complaint against the Tang Jait against the four tribes. claim.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 07: The Roral Enfield Foundation (Eicher Group Foundation) has launched a campaign to address the problem of garbage disposal in the Sohra area. From Delhi, India's largest company has visited the site at Mawkyrdup, Sohra where the construction of the Scientific Waste Recovery and Waste Treatment Plant will start. , separate the recycling of garbage in its parts so that the villages and villages do not go to throw or burn their garbage in the hills, creeks and rudnongs of the village or thank you now.
His and his brothers' skills in teaching horses were more useful to those tyngshops who had a role in horseback riding.
There are some land owners who have not yet refused to give up their land despite the Deputy Commissioner's efforts to talk to them.
On the other hand, the union urges the villages not to allow the Assam Rifle to buy land. Let us think carefully before we act to avoid these dangers to the nation.
Conrad K. Sangma said the goal of his Government is to provide roads to all, housing to all, information to all and water to all.
He also alleged that the relocation of the parking lot was forced by the members of the Taxi Association of Mawdiangdiang.
At the time of writing, no investigation has been conducted into the suspects and the motive behind the attack.
This will help the beneficiaries to receive their payments on time.
This place is very popular with tourists and is only about 12 kilometers away from Tura city.
The four projects visited by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah include the Integrated Command and Control Center (ICCC) and Smart Elements, Retrofitting and Upgradation of 3 Multilevel Parking Parks at different places in Shillong, The construction of the Commercial Complex at Polo and the construction of the Laitumkhrah Municipal Market.
Many of them wanted this Act to come into force because they felt that once this Bill becomes law, it would prevent and curb the unclean marriage which is widespread these days.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) Shillong City today came forward with a report on the plight of taxi drivers, market vendors and market vendors. They sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma and the Symbud Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong to urge the government to think and create opportunities for them to earn a living.
He said that the media in Meghalaya has played the role of a stronghold of democracy especially in politics but it needs to focus on income generation and explanation of various policies. of the government for the benefit of the people.
The Minister said that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has said that besides having missions to develop farmers in the state, it will also prepare to formulate a policy.
The wildlife authorities have urged the public to stay away from the places where the elephants choose to live and urged the public not to be afraid of the big animals as this can cause trouble to the animals. to do wrong that leads to injury to people.
The program was sponsored by YESS Meghalaya. There were more than 200 participants from children aged 14, 15 years and above, youth and adults.
And the sky began to darken at that time.
The purpose of this tournament is to promote literature in the state and to promote it around the world, under the leadership of Dr. Prakash Kishore who has decided to continue such a tournament in the years to come. ban and wan.
Therefore, it is necessary that as the supporters of the party, they should continue to work hard to bring the party to its goal.
“To get the Aadhaar Card, citizens can register through the office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai or through the office of the Block Development Officers in the district. District on any working day.
Prestone Tynsong said the Meghalaya government, although it does not pay the fare of the returning youth, will provide vehicles to transport the youth from the airport and railway station in Guwahati, Assam.
The coldness of the mountains causes the nature to take on a beautiful and bright appearance.
SHILLONG: Four political parties in the North East have unanimously decided to strongly oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) passed in the Lok Sabha.
Since the opening of Ri Bhoi District on the 4th July 1992 at Paham Syiem Nongpoh Square, this day and date has become a special day for the residents. in Ri Bhoi District and this day is celebrated every year through various programmes.
“This incident shows that the police have misused their power,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
“If this government comes in 2023, it will reduce the powers of the MDCs or send them to the DC and run the council by the Secretariat which will affect the customs and traditions of Jaintia Hills,” he said. Pariah.
He urged the Symbud Myntri Rangbah that if the NPP comes back to power, the government should do something to revive the MCCL. that people this area.
Thus, the Luiñ Intention was happy and sad for the rynïeng, until the rynïeng, until the harvest of the ang and the burden on the human race.
This wind of freedom stirred and stirred up a group of slaves who had longed to leave Egypt—“...I came to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians, and to lead them out of the land of Egypt. Egypt to that land flowing with milk and honey..." and this is the voice of freedom.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the residents of the market said that this closure happens every year during the puja. They came to the Khasi spirit.
Jowai, Nailur 13: The Dorbar Shnong Mynska West Jaintia Hills in a statement today through the Waheh Shnong Mihsalan Lamare has expressed its concern over the theft of these items. people who have been scheduled to come to shondur Ahar on the 12th of this month.
It can also be said that there will be a shortage of food and drink if the wind continues for many days.
Shillong, October 7: The polling day for the election of the new CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (ARPA) has been nominated by Ardent Basaiawmoit as its candidate. KHUDA-II led by the Congress party has filed its nomination papers for the post of CEM yesterday. today.
In the 57kg Freestyle category at the Asian Wrestling Championships, Aman Sehrawat has won the title after losing. to beat Kyrgyzstan's Almaz Smanbekov 9-4
Therefore, a clean marriage will endanger our small nation.
“In this age, electricity is one of the most important parts of human life.
A small example is the ïewduh, which used to be considered the sacred market of the Khasi Khara people, but has turned into a plate of foreign farmers because of the lack of wealth, because of the desire to earn happiness of the Khasi people. .
“This meeting is to look into the food security and needs in the villages,” he said.
The PWD department has awarded the bridge to Bah H.Lyngkhoi as the contractor.
Shillong: The Rama Krishna Mission Sohra Ashram on Saturday, 02nd July 2020 distributed clothes to 210 residents of Sohra Ashram. Kyndongtuber village is located in West Jaintia Hills District.
The BJP's election manifesto, which was released today, includes the aim to transform Delhi into a city like any other city in the world and the working methods for the people, including the section on which it states that 'the North Eastern Refugees should be protected'
He said that if he wins this election, he wants to bring about development in the fields of health, education and others. NPP, which has opened only the foundation stones without implementation, gave the example of the MCH Maternal and Child Health Center at Panaliar, which has already been opened while the hospital is still closed. you don't save people.
Their fear of the body is not because they are afraid of the enemy.
In reply, Conrad said that the Government has issued a new announcement on 22nd July 2022 in which MPs and MLAs of the Districts have been included as Members of the DMF. remind the District authorities on the need to implement this notice as it should be.
However, it was said that the police could not understand what was in the mind of the man as he was not willing to talk when questioned.
Payal gave birth to two children, a son and a daughter, while Kritika gave birth to a son a few days before Payal's birth.
It is on these issues that we must discuss and fight, protect and restore.
No casualties were reported in this incident, but the house and belongings including daily necessities such as food items, clothes and others were damaged. they were destroyed.
These become strong family bonds.
Many of the people across Khasi and Jaintia Hills expect the government to be stable whether or not the NPP or BJP is involved and they want a new government in which they expect to see the NPP or BJP. Bah Ardent, Bah Paul and other younger leaders to demonstrate their skills to serve the nation in the next five years.
Expressing that the Government has decided to resolve the pending border dispute with Assam, the Prime Minister said, “We want to expedite the process as soon as possible as this will end the incidents forever. and that it can be avoided in the coming days but due to the tragic incident in Mukroh, expectations have changed.
Shillong, Nailar 20 : The second round of peace talks between the HNLC, the central government and the state government will resume soon.
At present, these teachers have no other way to feed their children due to the lack of responsibility of the Government.
Shillong: About 200 Border Security Force (BSF) personnel have recovered from the COVID-19 virus, UK Nayal DIG/PRO of the BSF Meghalaya Frontier, today said that about 200 BSF personnel have recovered from COVID-1 , were willing to donate their plasma.
God gave the Sabbath to man to keep it holy and not to set a day or date and to wage war until Meghalaya is a Christian State.
If it is possible to eliminate the backwardness in the work, the work will be done in an orderly and beautiful manner.
Ma Sniawbhalang announced that the final of the tournament will be held in November 2023 at Wahiajer Sports Complex near the Mini Stadium, Wahiajer. Conrad K.United.
However, now the college has improved in terms of education and the students have improved compared to the past.
Until now, she said, the work has not been completed and nothing can be said.
Besides the doctor, staff including ward girl and sweeper were also appointed.
The demand for the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state has started to stir up again as another party has emerged to stir up the issue which has been raging in the state in the past years.
The six victims were identified as Jilal Uddin (25) of Jalabad, Karimganj, Dilwar Hussain (35), Ali Hussain (40) and Mokbul Hussain (32) of Karimganj, Abdul Sabur (32) of Laborputa. , Silchar, Cachar District.
Referring to the life of Victoria, she graduated from Class XII from St. Mary's College, Shillong and continued her studies to study BA, but could not complete.
I looked west towards Nongmensong, the snow and the law Khyriem, it was like covering my face with a cloth to see through but the shape and colour were not clear.
After thorough preparation, the film was released about the new human being, the origin of human being Hok Manblei Sot, and the pure source of unique and diverse human beings. of Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep.
Besides the secular songs, there are many religious songs of the Christian Churches and also the songs of the Seng Khasi, which are songs of praise to God.
He stabbed her with a knife but she survived but sustained serious injuries and is undergoing treatment at the hospital.
During his visit to East Jaintia Hills District, Rakkam said he had met with the officers to discuss the state of education in the district.
The MDCs recalled their visit in 2014 to these areas and some of them suggested in the House that they should visit these areas once again.
Bah I.Diengdoh, DySP East Khasi Hills, explained about the rules and regulations against smoking in public places and the sale of tobacco as well as the COTPA Act which has been in force since .
Nongpoh, July 15: U Bah Ernest Mawrie, President of the BJP in Meghalaya, has strongly criticized the two schemes launched by the Trinamool Congress party in the state and the promise to take special care of the youth and women by issuing the MYECard and The WeCard has encouraged the youth and women in the state to register themselves by promising to provide 1000 per month to the unemployed youth and also 1000 per month for the women. Speaking at the opening ceremony of the BJP office in Jirang Constituency, the TMC party in the state has said that it will not lie or thank the people for the election.
Shri Sunil Chettri was arrested and 2 byrni of rice were seized from him.
The Samyukta Kisan Morcha (SKM) leader admitted that the man was killed by the Nihang Sikhs and the Nihang agreed to kill him.
Sangma said that this month the government has arranged to hold a sensitization programme, an awareness campaign on how to protect themselves in the villages, which is hoped to bring awareness. to the people to be responsible for taking care of themselves.
He said that the beneficiaries of the NFSA will receive 5 kilos per month while those who belong to the Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY) will receive 35 kilos per month.
The priests or prophets confirm and proclaim the voice of freedom and the voice that God Himself is on the side of the slaves, the weak and the oppressed.
Then you have to count how many kilos you lose and how much the price is.
There has also been a rumor that doctors and nurses who treat covid patients receive buskit when the number of positive cases increases.
The behavior of the voters shows that Meghalaya is still lagging behind in all aspects especially in thought, social thinking, judgment, employment and so on.
Urvashi Rautela is very beautiful and when asked about her marriage by reporters at the awards ceremony, Urvashi replied, "I want to marry Salman. “For you all, I love Salman Khan from the bottom of my heart and I am one of those who love this actor,” she said.
They said they want to show Bengaluru that the sohniamtra from Meghalaya is clean and free of pesticides.
The truth is that if you buy 10 lakh metric tonnes of rice and put it in the shops of the Kharkaia in Shillong, you will make the people waiting in line all day long. Therefore, the rice should be transported immediately and stored in the shops across the Khasi Jaintia Hills and in the villages, especially in the rural areas. There is no knieh in the beginning of the kharkaia.
There was also a discussion with the VC but later, he promised to look into their demand according to the rules.
“This ceremony is one of the ways in which we followed the old teachings before harvesting and gathering the seeds.
With this new political situation in the State, the strength of the Government to come under the leadership of the NPP has increased to
The recipients also do not believe that it is the money.
He said that they are very fortunate to have a candidate like Bah Vincent Pala, who always speaks and addresses the needs of the people, such as schools, roads, hospitals and who always has a He said that the Congress party is an impartial party, respects all the citizens of India while the BJP does not respect at all especially the He also expressed his confidence that Bah Vincent Pala will win this election and said that this is an opportunity to get new leaders in Meghalaya to bring about change in the state as a whole.
There are more than 90 quarries and 50 quarrying factories in Rani Jirang area and it has become an industrial area. which is a threat to the future.
However, the JSM's plan was supposed to be completed in the afternoon when they gathered at Lad Block, Khliehriat. The police left the scene and a clash broke out with the police.
"Btengbiang ka Lano" I understand now that he doesn't want her to come and hurt you... If that's the case, I'll talk to Bah Deng. I'll tell you myself and I'll ask you about your relationship with Kongthei...” said LanoKa Kmie. When she understood this, she felt happier.
The Khelo India Youth Games 2022-23 was held in Madhya Pradesh from 30th July to 11th July. In June 2023, they are Berit Nongbri, Mebanaibok Kharbudnah, Ricky Chyne, Moonstar Nongsiej, Mangkara S.Sun, Damebanker Lyngdoh, Cannyson Kharnaior, Tremiki Lamurong, Fashioning Syngkli, Colinsalmon Lyngdoh, Batshlangh, Batsjdo, Maxkhemlang Wa , Easter Seal Ch.
So they did not know how to thank God even though they had seen many signs and wonders that God had done for them.
“The authorities have not been able to protect the innocent and maintain peace and order in the State.
“On the other hand, Dr Kharlukhi urged the youth to come forward and set up jobs through the Prime Hub which the state government has launched.
Shillong, July 17 : The Center for Innovations in Public Systems (CIPS), Hyderabad was established in 2010 with the aim of supporting and developing those who are innovating in various fields of work especially in the way of working across the country. State of India in accordance with the directives of the XIII Finance Commission.
The leaves and flowers are also similar to those of the cow, but the flowers of the rymbaija are stem or sawbthuh, or are four-coloured like the flowers of the cow.
The meeting also received comments from other organizations and elders who attended the meeting.
The Gramsevak and the Block prepare a report or assessment to send to the District authorities and from the Districts to the State Government.
However, the contractors need to do the work as quickly as in other places, where they have started digging the ground.
The SBI said the one-day bank strike would also serve as a warning to the government that the bank cannot tolerate these frequent kidnappings, which endanger its employees.
Also present on the occasion were Sh.
“The Meghalaya government has requested us to help in the search for the people trapped inside, a rescue team will soon reach the scene,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The Deputy Comms Sion of East Jaintia Hills has banned vehicles from playing music inside vehicles which affects the hearing of others. to park inside the vehicle in the grounds of the office of the Deputy Commissioner.
By saying that as leaders, we need to have people who are skilled in various fields.
Noting that the works to improve the economy range from roads, upgradation of health centres, introduction of drinking water schemes, sports grounds and others, he said, “I have not left the Constituency since you elected me and I am close to the people whether it is illness or any other need”.
Candidates should not carry more than T.50,0
The main objective is that our young men and women should have the will and desire or interest in this work.
“To go to the people and say that we need a lot of money is not appropriate because it is not our goal.
It is true that the discrimination in employment compared to us and Garo should change.
In a statement sent to the media, the Khasi Students Union (KSU) said, “The incident at PGT College where the queue has been standing since morning is unpleasant. for the Government does not accept it.
These leaders were sworn in by PS Phawa Joint Secretary JSM Thadlaskein in the presence of Suni Bareh, Nickson Sungoh, Resmi Suting and others.
The purpose of this two day exhibition is to enable local entrepreneurs to showcase their talents through their work and to encourage other residents to improve their income through by taking advantage of the support of the Government through the Department of Commerce & Industries.
Lyngdoh also explained about the loss of Labang Nongphyllut Elaka, where even the Dolloi has been lost.
After her attack, she claimed that her hands had bruises and she also had difficulty walking.
The rep shyrti is also still growing.
Therefore, the Sixth Schedule is not sufficient as it is now to curb the entry of foreigners.
The Congress-led state government shows that it does not respect the voice of the people and intends to silence the voice of the society, said the BJYM. At the same time, he said that the government should take measures to prevent the entry of foreigners. because this is a threat to the minorities in this state.
Speaking to media, HNYF President Bah Sadon Blah said that the demand for the amendment of the Reservation Policy will be dangerous because if it is amended, it will prompt the court to look into the Reservation Policy.
He urged all from the villages, various organizations, as well as various government departments to work together to find ways and means how to preserve the fire.
This scheme promises to provide a monthly allowance of T.1000 to each Longkmie as an income support.
She doesn't listen at all but insists on her own opinion until even the magistrates have to listen and can't do anything.
Speaking to reporters, Ken Syiem said that this unfounded allegation by the HNYM leader is completely wrong, because of the same issue on the post of Rangbah Shnong of Garo Hills. The Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the KHADC have already arranged the matter, but now he has raised other issues which have disrupted the working methods within the Raid.
Shillong: The legislative elections are approaching and in the coming days, we will soon witness the promises and promises of all the political parties that they have to offer to the voters of the state.
Especially to the leaders of those who have been authorized to take part in this Indo-Hynniewtrep peace talks.
Police of Pillangkata Police Outpost, led by Nurul Islam, on receiving information about the incident, immediately took action to search for those involved. Police have arrested only these two persons, but the buyer of these drugs has not been arrested yet.
Bah Renik, who is also the chairman of the Regional Committee in the first round of the border settlement talks, said that if the people on the border are still facing problems, nothing can stop them from protesting.
Shillong, March 26: Four members of unheard of tit organizations have been arrested by some exploiters to earn money by demanding money from traders and vendors in They were arrested by the East Khasi Hills District Police on Friday.
We also take into account the views of the people in the decisions we take,” he added.
the law shall come into force immediately and shall remain in force until further notice.
Zenith also alleged that the government has purchased electricity at a price of T.12 per unit without the approval of the MSERC. UGO billing, which is managed by software, where the biller is not publicly informed.
We are no different from Manipur as indigenous people.
This road connects with the road from Nongshillong which passes through Domkseh village to Mawthadraishan Hill, which is a popular place for tourists.
When contacted by Nongsaiñ Hima, the relatives of the two men said that they have not yet received any news about the whereabouts of the two men even after lodging a complaint at Mawngap Outpost. around the place.
However, the Netherlands equalized through Stefanie van der Gragt in the 90+1 minute.
The anniversary of Khliehmynkrem will end in the New Year.
According to the former Rangbah Shnong, the JJM scheme has reached 1 crore 50 lakh tyngka, but according to the information of the village, the scheme has reached more than 60 lakh tyngka. “It is not clear yet, because the village has already put in an RTI inside the office and once the village has received the RTI it will be clear how much money has been allocated from this scheme JJM,” said Bah. Robertson.
The incident occurred after a woman from Umlynghong was cut off her hand and ears by a khar tyrwa tiar just to get her gold jewellery.
On the 2nd of this month, Bah Hep Lyngdoh has disappeared from his house at midnight. The family members of the deceased have started searching for him but have not found him.
After the ceremony, the Lyngdoh Sohblei blessed the cemetery accompanied by the relatives who also held a prayer for the relatives who passed away during the day.
He said that from the first day he went to ask for advice from Bah Prestone and in this advice Bah Prestone encouraged him to move forward and said that from the first day he went to ask for advice from Bah Prestone. The government will support you.
They also alleged that the Vice Chancellor has withdrawn from the decision taken at the meeting with the Registrar on 16th March.
Commenting on the VPP's statement, Prestone said, “They feel that only the Khasi or the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep can lead the state, but I feel that this is not the time. The VPP is a party that ends in one district and only in East Khasi Hills.
Besides, Kurmi said that school children should no longer learn about the Mughal kings and kings but should know and learn about the great Hindu kings.
Walk also tyngkhuh stop also block in an accident.
These two men, Bah Herbert Kharbani, is a well-known doctor in the state and has received the rank of Doctor, in the manufacture and treatment of herbal medicines. He has been well recognized by the government and has received certificates as a Doctor of Herbal Medicine from various universities in the country.
Deputy Chief Member of JHADC Lasky Rymbai was also present.
It is learned that some women in Biswanath, who have also held a fast, as a worship of the goddess and believe that if the goddess corona, is pleased with the worship, then the disease will disappear. from the earth.
At the same time, the KSU has demanded that the Chairman of the MSPCB should investigate through their office into the coke and also in relation to the rules as stipulated by the EIA. Through Shibaitlang Rymbai Publicity Secretary, KSU Wapung Unit, KSU Wapung Unit has said that it will not rest until the coke is banned. the people will be able to live in peace and breathe clean air.
Jowai, Jymmang 15: A prisoner identified as Shiningstar Pala (20) has been arrested by the police for allegedly robbing a shop in Ummulong and stealing eight mobile phones along with two others. The child robbers escaped from the custody of the police at Iaiong Civil Hospital while they were undergoing medical examination.
Romans 11:31.
This is also a promise we made to the people during the elections and we have been able to complete this road now,” he added.
Young people from Ri-Lum Jaintia who are interested can visit Runo Health Clinic, Kynruh Saphlang near Little Angles School, Jowai for more information.
The places raided were a residence at Lumshyiap, Upper Golflink 1, a police officer's residence at Golflink and a farmhouse at Rtiang Umsning, Ribhoi.
What is more, all the health experts say that this time this time the Covid-19 is three times more dangerous than the Covid-19 which was infected last year.
John 12:12-19.
After the agreement, the remaining agreement is that the rebel group will come and surrender its weapons.
These types of ksew work as housekeepers.
Meanwhile, Bah Hilarious Warbah, Chairman of the Sub Committee of Bah Shylla's supporters in Nongkrem, said that the party has not yet decided but the UDP will not contest anymore because the people have rejected the UDP. said.
One of the issues discussed was that the government has decided to revive the Constituency Covid Management Committees in these seven constituencies.
“Yes, as you say.
Jowai: U Obil Kyndait, a prominent political leader of Jaintia Hills and the state, has passed away suddenly this morning. The doctors declared that he was no longer alive.
Umïam Police Station has received a tip that a commercial taxi number ML-05 Y 7753 has been parked between the road at Umïam Bridge and at Umïam Police Station. Police found that the keys to the vehicle were still inside the vehicle and a mobile phone and a jacket were also found behind the bridge.
“I don't want to say anything because it's too early, about four or five months, it's too early,” he said, noting that Dr Mukul Sangma took over as Prime Minister in October. and it’s still about five months old.
It is on this basis that we need to accept and everyone knows that it is a cross-border issue.
There is a system in the government, where the BSF and Custom will look after the border issues if there is such a trade,” said Marcuise.
Riia's father still remembered Bahnah's prayer so he sent him back to pray and they drank.
October 16, 2020 There has been a heated discussion in the past few days on the collapse and burning of the uranium ore tanks at Nongbah Jynring in South West Khasi Hills District.
The end will be that this earth will be burned with fire.
There are 308 cases of seizure of vehicles and illegal transportation of coal, in which they have to pay a fine of T.2,025 per tonne, for violating these rules of NGT. 3 Lber: On Friday at 1:30 pm, a severe cold weather struck parts of West Khasi Hills where five villages were severely affected. The three villages are Marang, Jaidoh, Nongklung, Old Nongklung and parts of Lai Lyngdoh.
Tynsong said the government has already allocated T.20 crore for each district to provide immediate relief to the victims in the event of disasters. border with nature.
Earlier, Pastor (Dr) H Rymbai led the song while Principal, Kong H Mawroh, gave the welcome speech.
On the other hand, the Meghalaya Police have not visited the police station to see if there is any problem.
Speaking on the occasion, BL Sarswat said that Meghalaya has abundant resources for fish farming but it needs to provide training to the fish farmers according to modern technology to improve their business.
If the KAAC does not comply, we will have to send a complaint to the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, as we understand that he is a strong leader who can easily persuade others.
Even the Rangbah Shnong also paid special greetings to Bah Shanbor and Kong Lumspah.
Nisilia Majaw scored two hat-tricks and Ïaraplang Nongrum scored three goals.
He therefore appealed to the parents to urge them to cooperate to improve this shortage in literacy to bring about change.
Prestone said the NPP will ensure to form a strong government and not to introduce President Rule in Meghalaya.
He also congratulated the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on his election of Murmu as the NDA's presidential candidate.
The incident happened on the night of Sunday, when, after the march, they burnt and threw away these prew ding, outside the village, as a sign of war. and the plague was spread abroad in the city.
He said that the party is deeply saddened that the District Councils have been silent on this issue and the government will soon set up Regional Committees led by the Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam. The Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) will participate in three out of six border areas in the second phase.
“We have many talented youth but there are no training centers or skill development institutes, so the Council will also open this skill development institute and besides this sports and entertainment is one of the ways to create jobs. but we must not forget the agriculture,” he said.
I also saw it at 4.30 am when I went to khwai doh.
The KSU has admitted that the tollgate in Lumshnong and the tollgate in Pasyih West Jaintia Hills are different.
Indeed, these days there are many parents who take care of their children and until their children reach Class 10, they still go to school. It is because they believe in this world which is full of evil and because of the wrong tools can cause many problems which cannot be recovered from the loss.
These clothes were seized by BSF personnel patrolling at BOP Barmanbari while the smugglers were trying to cross the Bangladesh border.
We understand the dramatic changes in the environment caused by the heat of the sun, floods and the damage caused by hurricanes to homes.
Speaking on the fact that each part of India has its own way of life, Bery said, “We on behalf of the Niti Aayog are here to serve the states.
State BJP General Secretary Evarist Myrsing was the Chief Guest at the function.
The competition will be held on the 4th of March.
Another thing is that this young man did not go to disrupt the religious services but he carried only a banner or placard and walked around to show the writing about the Son of God.
For more information please call
In conclusion, I would like to say to you religious leaders, if you have the character of the brother of the prostitute, you are no different from the menshohnoh or the menaiksuid who want to kill people.
In the state, 210 people have recovered including 3 cases.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Federation, Bah Samuel Hahshah said that four medals were won including Shanbor Kurbah won the gold medal in the 45-50kg category, Kordor won the gold medal in the 45-50kg category. Rynjah won the gold medal in the 45-48kg category, Royalson Lapang won the silver medal in the 48-51kg category and Labiang Thawbri won the bronze medal in the 68-71kg category.
Meanwhile, the teams under Zone II were held under the auspices of the North Garo Hills Cricket Association at Mendipathar, Garo Hills.
Speaking to the Assam Police, the Congress MLAs said that they should respect the status quo or mutual respect in relation to development works on the border, but the actions of the Assam Police, It means that they don't respect and want to destroy all the villages of Meghalaya and those on the border.
Shillong, November 29: The United Democratic Party (UDP) will hold a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs to discuss the decision of the Meghalaya High Court to suspend the powers of the Rangbah Shnongs.
"He also warned the corrupt officers and urged them not to fiddle with issues affecting the rights of indigenous people.
The union also said that regarding the appointment of followers within the police department, no notification/advertisement has been issued which has raised questions regarding the appointment of followers. .
However, in such a competition, it is no longer like a spot game.
Jowai, Lber 21: The Mihmyntdu Community Social Welfare Association (MCSWA) today conducted a Village Awareness Program on HIV/AIDS in Jowai. The Meghalaya Aids Control Society, Shillong has sponsored this training program for the participants from mothers and children. young men and women who have received much additional explanation from the experts of today.
Jowai, November 04: The semi final of the Super Division Football Tournament 2023 titled 'U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy' was held today. at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, North Jowai.
We don't want to criticize men or women but we see that both men and women have lived too much as if they had never been disciplined.
At the same time, the District Council should also define the meaning of the words Kyntang, Lum Kyntang and Khlaw Kyntang so that those who have turned away from the ideology of the Hynniewtrep people can know and understand. its meaning and value.
The program was opened by Sh.
Commemorating the Father of the Nation Mahatma Gandhi on his birth anniversary, the speakers at the program announced the contribution of this great leader for the country. program nationwide partly in his memory.
The NTC took this decision at its meeting today and urged the people to come out on that day to take part in the march of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
The pilots were under training and lost their lives after their PA-34 Seneca crashed near Chilliwack Airport on Tuesday. , about 100 Miles from Vancouver.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, UDP leader TW Chyne said that although the date has not been confirmed, it has been arranged that Conrad may visit Shella on the 19th of this month to campaign for the UDP candidate. “The Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, may visit Shella on the 19th of this month to campaign for the UDP candidate,” said TW Chyne.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, the Minister in charge of the festival, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said, “The beauty of the state should be respected, and through the Tourism Department of the state, can further promote its beauty, and this will attract more tourists".
When asked why he took this decision, he said, “Because I know for sure that if I go to ask for support, they will set a rule for me. “I don't want to say anything more about my long-standing demand to expedite the relocation,” said Bah Adelbert.
Laitsohphie beat Lapalang 3-0
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The State President of the National People's Party (NPP) Dr WR Kharlukhi on Tuesday said that the people of the state will answer in 2023 for the decision of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government. to resolve the border with Assam is right or wrong.
The new cases include EGH: 43, EJH: 19, EKH: 189, NGH: 20, RBD: 17, SGH: 35, SWGH: 15, SWKH: 24, WGH: 60, WJH: and WKH: 19.
This is the form of excessive love until it becomes a master rather than a servant, and then there are tragic events until suicide like Judas, is the greatest sin to suicide.
When you participate in this way, you mean to participate in cleansing.
This attitude should be ended because there is no Reservation Policy implemented by the Government of India and the State Government.
As soon as the order was issued, the coal traders shook their heads and stopped talking to anyone because their loss was in the billions of rupees and the first loss they suffered was in the challan they bought. already at a reasonable price.
He said that the Petroleum Depot, which is located in Umiam, has been in existence since 1995 to 2010, and the land is also large and covers an area of ​​about 5 acres. eiei, but as it is now inside the former Petroleum Depot, an LPG Bottling has been built, but although the area is still large and sufficient to set up a Petroleum Depot and through The Petroleum Depot inside the area and the Umphniang stored in the area cannot be transported to other districts in the state.
“At present, the residents have to fetch water from the wells near the village and now the village is in the midst of a severe water shortage,” said Bah Thongni.
Expressing his concern to see the Government's intention to help the farmers and to increase their income, he said that the truth is different because the price of kwai and shynrai has dropped significantly. -more compared to last year.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: U MDC Nongthymmai Constituency, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, has strongly criticized the decision of the Cabinet meeting today to allow government employees to become Rangbah Shnong or Rangbah Shnong. They must notify the Government and must not take part in any protests against the Government.
Drugs are the most dangerous weapons of darkness and are expensive commodities and only the rich can afford to play with them.
It was also noted that many of the areas in the North East are affected by the floods.
Therefore, the relevant authorities have to take immediate action so that it will not cause any incident to the passengers who pass through this road.
For the benefit of the players, the preparation rooms have already been improved with the assistance of the state government, which wants to make the tournament a smooth and successful one.
This was announced by the Secretary of the Village Council, Prof Don Kupar War.
This evening I have come to Bangalore and I have led these Farmer Producer's Groups, Organizations, Self Help Groups and other farmer groups who have agreed with the government to bring sohñiamtra to the state,” she said. Ampareen Priest.
The HPC has decided to hand over the investigation to an IIT either IIT Delhi, IIT Guwahati or IIT Kolkata.
Even the clothes worn by women during the menstrual period are also available.
Dear father.
Satellite imagery shows that on 29th June 2020, there were many Chinese troops, who were not prepared; It is located at a distance of 40 kilometers from Galwan.
However, Laitkor still has some talented players to compete with Mawlai in what is expected to be a match that will impress the spectators.
The next hearing of the case is scheduled for June 28, 2023.
Shillong: The Malki Youth Association (BAM) together with the Bouncer Association of Meghalaya (BAM) has called on all to join hands in the rally against drugs and burning mombati. The Awareness Rally Against Drug Abuse will be held on the 18th November 2019 at Madan Malki from 11 am.
To give an idea to the readers on the decline and decline of sports in the State, let us look at the decline of Badminton.
Therefore, the union is surprised that as doctors who provide services to the people especially in the field of health, can't they meet or discuss for the safety of this doctor? Even if there are emergency patients, they cannot be treated because they are off duty.
Their purpose is to improve the country and the nation, to protect the land, to preserve the customs and traditions and so on.
The District Transport Officer has issued this order after receiving a directive from the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District.
“If it weren't for the VDP leaders who had a vision, we wouldn't have thought of this Yearlong Cleaning Drive”.
On the other hand, the Minister promised to the union that by 2024, the school will start opening.
These are: (1) The eggs of all kinds of animals, (2) Fertilizer plants, (3) Medicinal fertilizers, (4) Shaba fertilizers.
Because if the rulers are corrupt, the ungodly of the country will be destroyed.
The dorbar will continue till Monday, 7th to complete the work of the government.
With this news, Na Rynsan appeals to all those who want to develop the youth not to feel anything.
Nongstoiñ, July 31: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Nongstoiñ constituency has turned to the villages and there have been many places where the turnout has increased to support the party. the party's candidate before the elections to be held on the 27th of June.
Narbong, Byrnihat, where they illegally operated the factory, without proper documents and which could endanger the people living in the area.
He said that through this meeting, the office bearers of the RBDSA, have expressed their concern, as the RBDSA has closed down almost all the Sports Clubs in Ri Bhoi and which has caused suffering. the working methods within the Assaocia tion, especially to conduct sports tournaments or even to train talented athletes.
At the same time, he said that for the upgradation of the Thynroit Sub Centre, the work cannot start until they have received the funds.
The meeting was attended by TMC Mawkyrwat candidate Sounder Strong Cajee, Kathleen Marbaniang, Vice President Mary Tiewla and Joint Secretary Mahila of TMC Shillong.
UDP East Khasi Hills Secretary Teinwel Dkhar also delivered a speech and the meeting was conducted by District President Titosster Well Chyne.
Attempts have been made to promote and spread Hindi since independence and on 14th November 1949, it was declared as 'Hindi Bhasha Diwas' and this day 14.09 is known as 'Hindi Bhasha Diwas' and not 'Rashtra Bhasha Diwas' or National Language Day.
USES OF BAKING SODA FOR THE SKIN:— Baking soda has anti fungal properties which can reduce the health of the skin immediately.
Those who are not able to attend the audition.
The one day tournament will feature seven states divided into two groups of three, with the group stage followed by the semifinal and final, Naba said. Bhattacharjee, Co-Convenor of NECDC. All the games will be broadcast live.
On the other hand, the Head of Government said that the State Government has taken special measures to evacuate the 68 residents of the State who are still stranded in Manipur.
This is what God says – my people perish for lack of knowledge.
The candidates of the examination have also checked the answer key of the questions of the last examination which has been released on the website of the party from this evening, said a statement from Bah R.Kharjana, Education. secretary, KSU-CEC.There is a lot of controversy these days about the various buildings in India; from the synagogues, the stones, and so on.
Collecting census data is also not an easy task and takes months.
Answer: There is a big difference between sedition and treason.
The Minister said that the rules of the Benami Transaction Act 1958 will be announced later, as there are still some rules that need to be reviewed.
The death toll has risen to 1,183, bringing the total to 3,94,4
Das said that on receiving this information, police conducted a search on the mobile number used by the robbers and found that they were in Amlighat area under Jagi Road police station.
Shillong: The Synrai Session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has passed smoothly and many issues have been discussed.
The Returning Officer (RO) of the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency has sent a show cause notice to the President of the VPP, Bah Ardent Millar Basaiawmoit to clarify why no action should be taken against him before the 12th of June. in accordance with the provisions of the Model Code of Conduct (MCC).
The Minister said that a tender has been laid for the implementation of the Chief Minister's Solar Mission.
Highlighting the government's hard work to resolve the issues and take forward the development works of the State, the CM called for unity and cooperation between the leaders and the supporters.
It is a place inhabited by foreigners from all over the country, it is not safe to walk especially at night and during protests.
“It is for this reason that we have taken this decision (to postpone only one day) because we have to look after the welfare of the students,” said the General Secretary of FASToM. “The decision to request the teachers to return to schools, to the Centers assigned by the MBoSE and to other duties assigned by the Government to the teachers,” he said.
“If they make the wrong decision, let them take responsibility if there is any incident that causes instability in the State,” he said.
PFR FA, the winner, received a cash prize of T.40,000 while Mylliemlum, the runner-up, received a cash prize of T.20,0
Agatchu Chetai K Marak scored 15 runs to help TDCA reach 107 runs.
In the first leg, Rangjadong Sports Club won the title by 3-1 goals.
Zenith Sangma said that according to the Pandemic Act 1897, the government is empowered to do whatever is necessary and the state government will not fall into the courts.
She said that instead of building a road, a parking lot should be built and land should be requested from the Cantonment to build shelters for the poor.
This is the most brutal murder case in the Rs 50 lakh crore electoral process.
According to the RTI received by Bah Pakyntein from the Shillong Municipal Board, the Chairman of the Implementation Committee has purchased 100 15 liter, 100 25 liter and 100 20 liter bottles worth T. ,10,000 tyngka and a Cash Memo purchased from the Meghalaya Metal House at Iewduh purchased on 5th November,
“The Meghalaya government in July has issued a price for transportation of dewbilat at 9 tyngka per MT per KM by road, 10 tyngka per MT per KM by road and 12 per MT per KM through the road, but until now all the dewbilat factories have not accepted this government's order,” said Nidamon Chullet.
The ritual of the Sacrament of Confirmation is only for the union of a man and a woman in an eternal covenant.
The truck was carrying coal from West Khasi Hills and it is suspected that the coal was burnt to convert it into coke.
Habandajop Lyngdoh, who has completed many trainings and is also a pig farmer, has been involved in the production of pig feed by using unnecessary feed and by mixing LAC with IMO. There are at least 20 pigs, he said. The Bokashi method is to feed the pigs.
Therefore, those who want to become children of God must walk under the guidance of the Spirit of God.
The date is not yet known, but the tournament will start in the first month of March
In these mountains of ours, where the natural resources are abundant, whether in the forests or in the mineral resources, or in the fertility of the soil, it is up to those who dare to use this resources. it to a greater or lesser extent.
Nalin Kohli in his speech, said that when he arrived in the state he heard that Dr. PW Khongjee former MLA of Sohra is a well known person in Sohra and loved by the people. “He has served as a doctor to treat people, he has served as an MLA and now he wants to contest from the BJP, the BJP needs such people,” Kohli said.
Even without the ILP, food vendors from all over the world have entered the police station. I don't know.
“It is a continuation of the previous government in 2017, we have followed up on this issue with the central government but it has not listened and therefore, we demand a resolution of the House,” said Dr. Absolutely.
Who else will they think about while they are going to school?” said the mother with a smile.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Rajya Sabha MP from Meghalaya, Wansuk Syiem, on Tuesday said that the meeting between the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, has been closed. , it won’t last long and time will sort it all out.
It is not useful for parents to complain, blame the traffic police or anyone else if they do not know the root cause of the traffic jam.
All vehicles coming from Riatsiatsim will be diverted to Mynthong (District Library).
The paramount power has not been handed over to the Constituent Assembly of India.
Sources said that he fled from Puthisara on 1st July 2016 and crossed the border with another Bangladeshi from Dawki.
He said that he has already discussed the issue of providing electricity in the village along with other more important needs.
According to the complaint, the family members of the girl on the 19th of this month said that the incident happened on the 14th of this month at 4 pm when the robber robbed her. He took advantage of the situation by committing the crime inside his house.
The expansion of the airport requires a large area and this is the main reason why Meghalaya does not have an international airport although the people of the state do not oppose the airport as they do. railroad.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, has paid tribute to Bah Hockey Kharumnuid, who has served for nearly 40 years in the field of traffic safety. at Mawlai Bus Stand.
Sohra MLA Titos W Chyne said that he has spoken to the SDO to release the MCCL trucks as it affects the MCCL trucks. Nongstoiñ, June 27: Bateithymmai Nongrum, a young woman from Sohra, said that the SDO has agreed to issue another order to release the MCCL trucks. Umthied Bynther, who has reached the grand finale of 'Yes I Am', the biggest reality show in India, today arrived in Nongstoin. HYC Nongstoiñ Circle at New Nongstoiñ Square to perform clean songs to the people of the area and also to ask for the support of the people through votes so that it can win the Grand Finale. you will not be able to do it.
The youths participated strongly despite the heavy rain and wind caused by Cyclone Sitrang.
On the 31st, these officers met with Shrri.
She also criticized the Minister of Health and Family Welfare for urging the ASHA workers to go to work without any adequate payment and also for the statement of the Joint Secretary Health & Family Welfare TG Momin who said that The government has released Rs 31.89 crore since April 2022, including Rs 34.50 crore in the last 18 months. , said the President.
JFEPA under the leadership of its President Lamwan Paswet, Secretary NK Lamare together with the Village Committee of Tympang Ïawmusiang Dorbar Chnong Eddie Stone Shylla and General Secretary Ajoy Lywait today held a meeting. and the leaders of these two groups visited the site for the construction of the check dam.
The Moolamylliang equipment of the village with lights has attracted many witnesses from all over the villages in the state, including government ministers and officers from various departments.
He said that the purpose of the festival is to showcase the culture and to showcase it to the world.
Many youths who come from poor families face difficulties and lose admission just because of lack of money,” said Jyrwa.
She said that the women's organizations will not listen to the voice of the government's powerful leaders, but will listen only to the voice of the people.
“If Gavin refuses to resign, the HNLC will not be responsible for anything that happens.
According to the information provided, the email was sent from morguelo 1545@gmail.com which reads “I have planted a bomb inside your court and all the courts in India.
Shillong, November 12: The Hynniew Seng Bhalang together with the village leaders of various villages in Jaintia Hills have met with the Governor of Meghalaya Dr.KK Paul to inform him to stop the division of constituencies of JHADC. alleging that the division of constituencies was used only for the personal benefit of someone.
The NEP has also sent for the selection of 14 pre-selected languages ​​for better understanding in the field of education.
White House photographer Andrew Feinberg looked closely at the photograph and when he looked closely, he found that Trump had signed his name on the board.
He said that it has caused problems especially as many employees have been laid off.
Raising the question in the House today, Dr Mawthoh said, “According to the information received, the timekeepers, enforcement checkers and gate chowkidars have been appointed by the Minister of Transport”. ,.
Shillong: The residents of Nongwah Mawtamur constituency, have expressed their deep sorrow over the promises of MDC Jirang Constituency, Bah Victor Rani to build a bridge on the Umksias River.
In the rural areas, 77.79 percent of the beneficiaries while in the urban areas, 50.87 percent.
Shillong: The CBI has submitted its report on the appointment of teachers to the Meghalaya High Court and the Chief Secretary of the State Government.
Nongpoh: In a meeting between the leaders of the Ri Bhoi District Congress Committee held at Umiam on Saturday, the Congress leaders of the Ri Bhoi District Congress Committee (CDC) on Saturday discussed many issues related to the welfare of the people. not only within the District, but for the benefit of the people in the state as a whole.
Although they could not explain clearly, they said that the body was hanging on the tree.
He said he had never heard that they too had to take to the streets to protest.
As a religious man, he acknowledges in his heart that the woman's family are people who understand because they have already revealed so.
MeECL has taken measures to extend the KV line from Byrnihat to Nongpoh Sub Station, but there is a problem at about 200 meters. because there is no room to run the line.
Following the complaint, the police have set up a Special Operation Team to track down the robbers but despite the search for 10 days, they have not been able to find anything.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday left for Delhi to meet Union Home Minister Amit Shah to discuss the issue of border resolution between the two countries. states of Assam and Meghalaya.
To achieve this, the government is preparing strategies for growth in all sectors and is on the path of providing investment,” said the Governor.
Not only that, this road has created problems for the patients who need to be transported to health centers far from the village.
Experts estimate that the number of cases could reach 3 lakh in the country, but so far only those who have been admitted to hospitals have been tested.
The Chief Minister and others distributed laptops, digital tablets and syrnot to the youth chess players who were honoured on this occasion.
The BSF said that the drugs were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh through the border area in West Jaintia Hills District.
Many diseases in the world, no matter how serious, are nothing like this disease of covid-1
However, the wording and other parts shall be as explained by the competent authority to decide on each of the new proposals.
First of all, they became Lumpi.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) has announced that government departments including PHE, MeECL and others should no longer require house owners to apply for permission from the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA). ).
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 25: Three houses in Langpih area have burnt down and burnt down suddenly. .
Coke factories have emerged as tits in areas where illegal coal mining is rampant,” said Justice Katakey and said that more than 50 illegal coke factories have been shut down by the NGT during his tenure. as a Judge.
It may be recalled that in the past few days , sources said that before resigning from the post of Deputy Speaker , Bah Sanbor Shullai had planned to hold talks with the BJP leaders in Delhi He said that he had already prepared a flight ticket to Delhi at that time, but his plan also failed due to other reasons.
Speaking on the occasion, MPCC President Vincent H Pala said the Congress intends to contest from all 60 constituencies and today it has announced the names of the 40 candidates. Two candidates whose names have been approved to be sent to Delhi.
For this purpose, the organization has also trained the farmers on how to make pig feed using the Bokashi method.
For the first time in the country, the North East has begun to see growth as the engine of India.
In another incident, SP (City) Vivek Syiem has lodged an FIR at Shillong Sadar PS for posting indecent remarks against a Meghalaya High Court judge and a lawyer on his Facebook page. One of them was Mr. Marcus Tonglieh.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Tenis Marweiñ, the sister of the deceased, said that they found the body after she and her children went to the farm to gather the remains. There is a snowstorm near this field.
Police also recovered 8 mobile phones, 17 SIM cards, T.8400 cash, 2 thynia and a knife.
“We human beings need the power of God immediately, to bless, to protect, to take care of our daily lives.
The UGC, on the directive of the central government in recent months, has decided that all students who have completed or passed Class 12, will have to take the CUET examination to continue their studies. that Degree Course.
According to a survey by Nielsen Media India, an independent group on behalf of Amazon.
In 1942 there was a battle in Kohima, Nagaland between the French and Japanese troops on the site of the present War Cemetery where many Frenchmen were killed in this battle.
Addressing the group as his family, the Prime Minister said that such special occasions remain in the minds of the country.
D.In 2011, NEHU awarded the Ph.D.
The match became more intense after the captain of the team, Kevin, scored 137 off 172 balls including 19 fours and one six.
Out of all the polling stations, only one VVPAT machine in Rongramgre has been replaced by another but all of them are complete.
The District Magistrate has issued an order after receiving a complaint regarding the holding of fish competitions by some residents in various fish ponds in Eastern West Khasi Hills District where the entry fee is not less than Rs /- (Five hundred) tyngka per ryngwiang and a prize for the winners of not less than 15,00,000 /- (Khatsan Lak) tyngka. ten years in the same pool.
Lumpyrdi Ïongpiah was the winner of the tournament.
Therefore, the struggle led by Kiang Nangah was not easy for the French to fight against.
We would also like to congratulate all those who have won the Congress in Chattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan.
If we take the development of the market, the Iewmusiang Market, the roads of Syngkein have been repaired, the water supply is not enough, the education has declined, the infrastructure according to the present time, if we look at the There is no Health Center in East Jaintia and West Jaintia doesn't have any infrastructure in the Health Centre. but the present government has lost the wealth of this district.
“Perhaps if it is the Khasi prah there may be a contest but if it is the West Bengal prah they will not last long and the NPP will come back to power,” he added.
RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das has tested positive for the corona virus.
The BSF, had stopped the robbers, but they did not listen and opened fire on the border guards. The BSF also opened fire with Pump Action Guns (PAGs). They were shot, but they left and it was reported that they were seriously injured.
Nongstoiñ, July 6: It is sad to learn that Noapara village in West Khasi Hills District, does not have a single school which can provide services to the people in terms of education. knowledge is not read.
This pleased and pleased Hiram.
The Government should bring them back in understanding with other state governments, without disturbing their families and when they return they should stay in adequate quarantine facilities especially those who come from the state. and areas included in the Red Zone, said a statement sent by Publicity Secretary Treki Mukhim.
He said that the trainees now understand that instead of 10+2, 5+3+3+4 is still in operation.
When you look and imagine, it has become like that percentage of those agents who are the representatives of the Lord and the buyers of their land or land, and only by mistake have reached the border to carry swords and carry. and it was surprising and pleasant to think of the wisdom of those former Hills State claimants without borders and also in terms of employment should have a percentage especially for Khasi Jaintia and to Garo.
Shillong: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), on Tuesday said that the BJP will not leave the MDA government and will end its term. in this government.
Besides the explanation, he said that he has to travel around the state to meet with the farmers.
Between 2015 and 2016, Singh took over as Assistant Coach of FC Pune City before taking over as Head Coach of NEROCA FC in
Since 11th July, 2017, the KHADC Chairman has witnessed that 99 percent of the children of the Hima do not trust the current Syiem.
However, it is sad to say that even after this has been resolved, there are still many problems from the opposition parties to the KHADC, the Sengbhalang, the Syiems, the Sordars and especially those land owners who have been affected and transferred to Assam.
The sun shone brightly and everyone was shocked.
Therefore, the arrival of the Head of State will make the tournament even more memorable for the people of Garo Hills.
On the other hand, the residents of the village alleged that the illegal demolition was carried out by the residents of the village who wanted to join Assam.
Ricky Khonglam, Education Secretary of the Seng Samla Shnong, explained to the participants the theme of this year's World Population Day which is “A World of 8 Billion – Towards a Resilient Future for all – Harnessing opportu nishes and ensuring rights and choices for all.
Topcem, which mines coal from various places, has a dewbilat factory at Thangskai and has also received benefits from the state government through the North East Industrial and Investment Promotion Policy (NEIIPP). it counts at a lower rate for purchasers belonging to the State.
Other speakers on the occasion included Tbn CL Wanshong, Member of MC, Chairman of New Nongstoin District, Moderator of Nongstoin Presbytery, Sordar of Tiehsaw, Syiem of Nongstoin Hima, Paiem E.P. Syiem, Rev.SI Iawphniaw former President and others, to enrich the day, there were also songs, dances and drama performances by the students of the school. the school.
Tea was brought for the guests to drink.
It is suspected that the drugs include expired drugs and other drugs that have been mixed with spirit and other ingredients to produce more bottles (bottles) with half a phowa of each. The bottle can be injected into others using the Thyrnia Inject.
