Shillong, Nailur 8: The FKJGP and the Association of Democratic Empowerment (ADE) have urged the West Garo Hills District Administration to take stronger measures to protect the petrol pumps in Garo Hills.
If the father of the household does not respect his young children or relatives as well as his young wife, he will never respect them if he is in a public place whether on the street or in the street. the market place too.
“The VPP has no complaint if the Government provides accommodation to Government employees who are entitled to stay in Government residences while they are working but the provision of accommodation to these public is impossible. “It is also outside the boundaries of the law and there has been no exact explanation from the Government on how it can do this,” said the VPP in a statement. Member of the Media Cell of the VPP.
The peon of Jason was identified as MK Sangma.
The festival in the Raij started with the 'Shain' festival which is a festival to ask the Creator to ward off diseases.
On that occasion, Bro Simon Coelho, Principal was the Chief Guest and launched the 'Rynsan' Award and praised the Khasi Department for such activities for the benefit of the students.
The opening ceremony was attended by CD Lyngwa, Director of Social Welfare, Dr. CW Lyngdoh, DSP West Jaintia Hills District, Dr. AN Paswet Psychiatrist, Dr. HH Mohrmen, Secretary of SURE. Sabahmuswang Village Head Tellme Phawa and others.
This year's final will be played at the SSA Stadium from 3:30 pm.
“Give us the Hill State, or we can't create our own way to get it.
The 1st NECDC Interstate Friendship Tournament 2023 will be held between the seven member states of the BCCI North East Zone. The tournament will be held in Nagaland from 29th October to 3rd June.
“Since we were together, when we went out in the evening, he used to say throw away those lipsticks, because he likes his lips, which don't have any blemishes,” said Alia.
Human life has been shortened because without turning around, we have seen and heard of tragic events.
These sell shoe accessories, clothing, and other accessories.
He said the department will soon consult with other government departments to prepare for the implementation.
Many years ago, Shillong was known as the city of education.
Australia will be the first country in the world to use drones to deliver goods to people's homes and it is expected to start in
He said that the LP Ahoc teachers support and are always with JACATAM because it is the only one they trust and hope that it will be able to solve the problems of the players.
Speaking at a public hearing at Mawlai Mawdatbaki Pata on the principles of the VPP and the reasons why he came forward to contest this election, he said that the main reason is because of the He said that the government's aimless performance has brought back hopelessness to the students because they don't see a bright future for them.
He said that the entry and exit of Pyndemumiong has been closed in the past few days due to the rapid increase in the number of cases of COVID-1
On the other hand, RBYF, MPSO, HNYF, NKU, relatives and Kur Syngkli were waiting to welcome these athletes at Petrol Pump Down Gate Nongpoh together with their coaches in Ryndia clothes. and so did the flowers.
The Emergency Special Session was convened by the Chairman of JHADC after the MDCs especially those in the EC of Thombor Shiwat as CEM after the government through District Councils Affairs has returned the CEM. The Bill will be passed on the 16th of this month.
“No one has questioned the implementation of the project,” said the CEM. On the Khasi Heritage Village in Mawphlang, he said that they have not paid the full amount because they are still waiting for the authorities to pay. submit the requirements.
For those who have already met, the road is not long and they wait only for a while.
Such vegetables are called “organic products,” because they improve the health of those who are willing to pay for them.
Referring to the public administration, she said that the voice of the people is the voice of God or the voice of victory. consisting of 29 ministers.
The BDO said that the poor house scheme has been increased to T.1.20 lakh from T.75 thousand after the CM changed its name from IAY to PMAY, the Old Age Pension Scheme for the elderly. National Wodow and Disability Scheme for those over 60 years old, T.250 per month for the deceased, T.40,000 to T.50,000 per month for small farmers and marginal farmers, the National Family Benefit. Scheme (NFBF) for widows, Rashtriya Swasthya Insurance Yojana (RSBY) for the sick, Swachh Bharat Mission for sanitation and MGN REGS, 100 days employment scheme for job card holders and others.
All the speakers at the rally condemned the incident in Mukroh and demanded the government to give a fair trial and to resolve the border issue and demanded the immediate arrest of the police involved in the shooting death of the residents of Mukroh. .
'Smam' said without turning.
The leaders present at the meeting expressed their readiness to work with the Chief Executive Members or the Forum to achieve the aspirations of the people of the region.
It is these religious leaders who say, “Let us praise the Lord, let us praise the money.
It is worth mentioning that all those who were present at the funeral home as well as the journalists who arrived at the funeral home expected some speech of condolence from MeECL, at the last tribute to the victims. When Pran, the spokesperson, asked if anyone wanted to comment on the MeECL, it was seen that no one came to comment on the electricity department.
Hamlet Thabah (34 min), Maban Lanong (35 min), Ivan Garry Kharbuli (70 min) and Aldhues Nongbri (70+3 min) scored the goals for Laitumkhrah SC.
He said that the people are suffering, the youth who have to study can no longer do online classes which makes them have to come to the city to study. government and the electricity department should not discriminate against the people in the rural areas.
According to the Meghalaya High Court, there is no other reason and concluded that the bail granted on 24th July and 8th November was issued by the Special Judge (POCSO), Shillong without proper consideration. refuse to consider the evidence relating to the accused.
Earlier, a 3.5 magnitude earthquake was recorded in Doda at 7.56 am and its tremor was from a depth of 10 km, explained a statement sent by the NCS team .Two more earthquakes were reported in the early hours of this morning.
They are all from Barpeta, Assam.
Kim doesn't want the church to rise.
The main question here is: “Which side are you on? “The election is a joyful participation and celebration of the election of MLAs by the people, to form a government that rules the people (Festival of Democracy).
The children who suffered severe injuries after eating the food were taken to Sadar Hospital, where they have now survived.
He said that the leave for mothers has been increased to 260 days from 120 days and the father has been given 15 days leave.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has ordered all Americans to cover their heads and noses when going to public places, but Trump does not wear a mask. .
“For the father judgeth (no more) any man, but hath committed all judgment unto the son (given unto Jesus)”.
Shillong, Lber, 22: The PHE department which has constructed the water pipes of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GSWW) in 7 Mer, Upper Shillong has encountered a rock after the land owner Bah K.Rapsang He immediately suspended the employees of the PHE Department, the Forest Department and the Police from entering his premises on the allegation that the PHE Department has not paid the bailutksan.
The 'tiewlarun' is a forbidden flower but in the temptation and persuasion of Shatai, who took part in Darihun Marbañiang, she picked a beautiful flower, even though it was forbidden by her brother. , Het Rande, did not take part in the Naziar Synranki.
Here, even if you leave these conditions, it is necessary for a person once appointed as Chairperson of the Commission, to refrain from political activities,” he said.
These office bearers of the PDF said that their resignation from the PDF is because they have no hope and no issue to continue to support especially after the departure of the leader and founder of the party Bah PN Syiem. I'm not a party.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) has announced a night curfew from 8th July to 15th July 2013 to prevent the spread of corona virus in the state especially in East Khasi Hills. July 2020 from 9 pm to 5 pm in East Khasi Hills.
The Chief Guest also praised the service of the church to the village of Nongtalang through schools and other relief activities.
Police of Saitsama OP arrived at the scene after a while and contacted the Forest Department officials of KAAC saying that the scene is within Meghalaya.
These people are able to cultivate Sohsaw, Kajor, Phan, Muli, Phulkubi, Phankaro and other vegetables.
“The kidohlieh attacked in a few months and defeated other chiefs peacefully, but Tirot Singh spent years in prison until the day of his death,” said Bah Samlin.
Bah Lapang sent his condolences to the families of those who lost their lives.
In other countries, Muslim militants such as ISIS, Taliban and Boko Haram use swords, guns and guns to build Islamic states.
In society there are three main issues, social, economics and politics.
In fact, Ri Khasi-Jaintia and Garo is a State that speaks Khasi and Garo throughout the State, not English.
Pator Pohkshang also inaugurated the memorial stone of the school in the presence of Pastors, Tymmen Basan from various churches, teachers and students.
It is a very important plant in times of war because it is used to kill many kinds of insects that bite the soldiers when they go to the forest, the river and the night.
It is worth mentioning that the Executive Committee of the Government has approved the construction of the road in the presence of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya during his visit to the Golden Jubilee of Sawlyngdoh Higher Secondary School Mowkaiaw. of December, 2021.
We are from Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Sikkim and Himachal Pradesh.
We have seen through social media that the Ministers of the MDA government who have been in power for the past three years have been praying and praying that they will win the 2023 elections peacefully but the social media Many media outlets do not accept the anti-incumbency waves of the MDA government.
Furthermore, he also appeared for the foreign national team of Kenya, the country where he grew up.
Social Media Co-ordinator: Shri.Pynshai Sana, Representative to District Congress Committee: Shri.Therbor Rymbai Shri.Remius Dkhar Shri.Skhem mon Lapasam Shri.Training Sana Shri.Ieidlang Dkhar Shri.Pheinlang Siangshai to MP Representative Shriya, MP with 30 Executive Members.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, HSPDP Leader Bah Witting Mawsor said that the party has not yet revealed anything regarding the relationship with these two MDCs. dep byrthen earlier, I gave you a strong punishment.
They are: (1) Kotta which costs Tk 5000 per kilo, (2) Pure which costs Tk 4000 per kilo, (3) Number One which costs Tk 3000 per kilo, (4) Number Two which costs Tk 3000 per kilo. 2000 tyngka per kilo, (5) number three 1000 tyngka per kilo, (6) Kipkap 500 tyngka per kilo, (7) Bangtang 250 tyngka per kilo, (8) Kola or Kola Khasi 250 per kilo, (9) Kola 250 per kilo, and (10) Dum 50 per kilo.
And this Reservation will give more strength and encouragement to those who have been chosen and written by Mother Nature to live and serve our beloved Khasi Hills.
At this meeting, the KSU said that it has informed the authorities that the KSU cannot just listen to the complaints of the patients.
“For some reason, which I don't know, she has a suspicion about me and doesn't trust me and doesn't want to work with me,” said Garg.
There were also questions raised by the participants of the seminar, there were also many discussions on the District Council, during the program which lasted for more than 2 hours.
I also have witnesses to prove my complaint which I have brought before you,” said Bah Sumer in a complaint against the VPP leader. The NPP also alleged that Bah Ardent did not receive any authority from the Executive Member of the Council to sign the sales deed and the sales deed is also unregistered.
In the last pre quarter match, Assam Regiment from Shillong beat Assam Regiment 1-0 at New Nongstoiñ Stadium. ASEB Football Team of Assam.
We may have thousands of words that we use to explain something, or that we use in speech and writing, but the number of words must be developed and developed.
He said that through this Act, there will also be Land Banks or land where people who do not have land who want to build houses, can get land to build houses.
Today, there is a website, which publishes the fake result of the SSLC examination of MBOSE and when checked carefully, it was found that it is the result of
The march started from the State Central Library, DC Office, St. Anthony's College, Shillong Commerce, Don Bosco Square, Laitumkhrah Police Point, Fire Brigade, Dhankheti, Malki and Civil Police Point and ended at the same place.
Khliehria: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, today issued a statement to clarify to the public regarding the spread of rumors that there are hospitals and health centers which are advertising falsely to the people. They have Covid 19, by increasing the number of those who have contracted the virus just to make money or get schemes.
The incident happened at 9 pm, but it is not known why the three persons from Thangskai and Lum Tongseng were tied. BSF troops patrolling Sonapyrdi were killed in the attack.
Shillong, November 15: The State Government today proposed the name of Dr BP Todi as the new Additional Advocate General (AG) of the State.
When the Rangbah Shnong and the members of the EC, tried to explain that it is not allowed to bathe in the water tank, because the water has been too low in the village, Kong Volenda Nongpoh, said, The Rangbah Shnong and the EC, when it was found that the Longkmie had spoken too much, the Rangbah Shnong took out his mobile phone to record the speech of the Longkmie. At that time, she suddenly stole the mobile phone of the Rangbah Shnong and threw away her clothes until they broke.
In addition, a target has been set to construct 937 Rm of RCC bridges from the State Plan funds.
He said the government can submit its opinion to the Governor for approval.
The total number of cases has risen to 1,508,308 and the death toll to 90,3
Nongpoh, Naitung 24: Dr. Saralin Dorphang, the third daughter of former MLA and MDC Mawhati Constituency, Bah PW Muktieh, has decided to contest the 2023 elections after the TMC party announced. He was elected as a candidate from Mawhati.
The Dorbar Shnong Khliehmynkrem, Jowai has inaugurated its 25th Anniversary on Monday.
Shillong: The body of Bah Running Ramsiej, 29, a father of three children and a clothes seller, was found by the family members and residents of Mawkriah village at 6.30 pm today. In Umsohsun, Damsite Mawlyndep has been destroyed by the floods.
A Suting, Deputy Project Director, M-LAMP, said that the aim of the project is to improve the work of the farmers.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, in a statement today, said that those who have tested positive for covid-19 in the past three months, including from 28th July to 4th November From 5 to 11th November 2021, 7,883 tests and 879 or 11.15 percent and 12 to 18th November , 7,920 tests were conducted and 890 cases or 11.23 percent.
After the state government passed the Act to protect MLAs from being nominated, all the MDCs who are MLAs have resigned from their posts as MDCs except Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, CEM. The KHADC is still in power.
Nangbha Pohban (39) scored the first goal for Wahjaier Narpuh FC.
The MLA requested the Veterinary Department to work together with the KJBWA. He said that the cow slaughter is a great blessing in terms of unemployment, the own meat farmers, the farmers. their own blood, those who clean their own blood and so on.
Adelbert said he was surprised by the newspaper article that the driver of the commercial vehicle has been charged under the Attempted Murder Act. It was an attempt only to please the Chief Minister and the desire of the police chiefs, in which the lui lui turned into a langknia.
On the last day, 130 students (Athletics 71, Boxing 74 and Football 130) participated.
Furthermore, once this has been done, it should be considered which experts to delegate so that they can develop detailed plans and where to implement various projects.
According to a letter sent to Narendra Modi, Dr Mukul said the difference in the price of Smart Meters is Rs 137.555 crore compared to the price paid by the Government of Meghalaya and the market price.
“We have directed the forest department to look into this and even to close them down,” said Bah George.
Furthermore, the MPSC office has been criticized for its working methods, which has discouraged many job seekers.
These are the issues they want to get a detailed clarification from the Government.
At the meeting, it was also announced that from the 16th of this month, if any daju is found carrying loads without uniform, the police will arrest him and punish him. to the smugglers, if it is found that they have smuggled their goods to the Daju without white clothes.
East Jaintia Hills has 11 ILI cases, East Khasi Hills has 210 cases, District Jail has 2 cases, 96 high risk cases. cases, 5 cases of police, 7 cases of health workers, 15 cases of foreigners, 8 cases of SARI, 4 cases in Madanryting, 3 cases in Laimer and 3 cases in Laban. 3 people.
I am sorry as a mother that many of us don't say anything to our daughters.
On the other hand, the Club has informed that this tournament will continue every year so that it will be able to showcase the talented youth because football is one of the most important sports. employment opportunities for the youth in these times.
Therefore, for the sake of the safety and security of all, the Dorbar Shnong urges all friends near and far to cooperate with the Shnong so that we can prevent the spread of COVID-1 19.
On the charges and summons of Bah Adelbert, Bah Kynta said that once the court summons him to appear, he must appear immediately and cannot be denied. “To give an explanation, they have to appoint their lawyers and if they don't appear, it will be illegal,” he said.
The Director of CMC Vellore, Dr Sunil Chandy, said that their visit was because they were invited to help how to solve the problems of the hospital as they used to do in the past when there were any problems. .
Lumdiengjri Police Station and Sardar Police Station will continue to be under curfew from 9 pm tomorrow morning.
Replying to a question by Laban MDC Mitchell Wankhar, Grace said that in 2022-2023, KHADC has received T.16,10,900 and in 2023-2 It has received T.18,98,900 from the Council.
The MLA also sent his condolences to the family of Primel at this time of tragedy.
Speaking as the chief guest at the meeting, Ms Kharkongngor said that science and its application is very important in these days where it has brought about many changes to make life easier. of you people.
And from then on, The boy, along with his other siblings, was under the care of his grandmother and eldest brother.
This is after the KSU War Jaintia Circle visited the school to inquire about the complaints of the students and the villagers of the area.
Officials of the National Institute for Empowerment of Persons with Multiple Disabilities (NIEPMD), Chennai said that initially there were only seven signs of disability, but now there are 21 of them.
A day after the Minister of State for Revenue, James K Sangma announced that the Meghalaya Regulation Gaming Act 2021 has been repealed, there have been many demands that the government should call for the The Special Session shall not pass an Ordinance to repeal this Act in the House.
The General Secretary of the party, Victor More Khongstir, said that these Dkhars came to the area without permits.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Shangpung Unit on Tuesday awarded the 1st Maitshaphrang Academic Award to the students who passed well.
“If the office of the Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills does not take action to look after this coal mining factory, we will take strong action to shut down these factories,” said Sambormi in a statement.
Boldness said that on the 16th June 2016, there will be a celebration of the 125th birth anniversary of Dr. BR Ambedkar which the MPCC will also end on the same day.
Speaking to media, Fernandes said that on the question of the CoMSO to the Congress leaders, they are still in doubt regarding the support for the ILP demand in the country. The Congress party has not supported the ILP in the past because the state has the Land Transfer Act, the District Councils and therefore the state needs only a law to he said he was a foreigner.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), which is on the verge of peace talks with the government, has said that the BJP's wish will turn India from a country to a country. democracy, to a country ruled by only a few and to follow the laws of the Hindu Rashtra.
The two arrested youths are residents of Lawsontun.
He said that many of the villages have been included to get water through the JJM scheme and the department will have to consider the villages which have not been included at all.
Khasi men, remember that before you want to insult your sisters, please think carefully and don't worry.
The Khasi in the Hima Mylliem and from other Himas do not have another market like the Ïewduh.
Meghalaya will play its final match against UP on Saturday. In the men's Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy T20, Meghalaya beat Arunachal Pradesh by 49 runs. Pradesh in the match in Mohali.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh Constituency, today handed over an ambulance to the Nongpoh Civil Hospital, for temporary use. I haven't seen a Nongpang vehicle for more than a year.
The President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Bless Dkhar said that the party expresses its dissatisfaction with the statement of North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrem against the political parties.
“I am proud to say that Ri-Bhoi District is one of the districts which God has blessed in all aspects from culture, traditional food and drink, clothing, agriculture. and especially the presence of tourist attractions which has attracted many tourists from all over the states and this shows that our state is not lacking in tourism which can improve the income of the people and the said Bah Sosthenes and congratulated the RBTEDF for taking steps to conduct various programs in the district with the aim of preserving the culture and promoting tourism.
All of them will feel like home in the BJP,” said Ram Mahadhev.
The SP said that no one was killed or injured in the incident, but only two buses were damaged.
The landowners are also reluctant to donate because the land is valuable and the road takes up a lot of space.
Prestone said many issues were discussed ranging from the shortage of staff, the problem of lack of funds and the difficulty of implementing projects due to lack of land.
Out of these 20 new cases, 23 are from EKH and 1 from WKH.
Earlier, Ronnie said the Congress has the right to win the opposition seat as it is the national party and the largest party in India.
Donlad Diengdoh scored the first goal for Langsning in the 28th minute to make it 1-0 in the first half but in the second half, Rangdajied United had a golden opportunity through the penalty spot through Wallamsuk Nongkhlaw. in the 58th minute to make it 1-1
“We will convene an MDA meeting after the Cabinet has discussed this issue and if necessary we will convene an All Party Meeting as I said,” said Prestone.
Sagar, who won the silver medal at the Commonwealth Games 2022, lost in the third round after Jaipal hit hard and the referee had to stop him. stop the game.
However, not only COVID-19, which is believed to be caused by Lymbit, MERS, which is transmitted through the Ud, and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS), which is transmitted by the civet, are also diseases. It comes from animals and causes disease when it enters the human body,” said Pastor Mohrmen.
For the children of the church and compatriots who are out of state and country between their studies and activities.
It was in this year that he was appointed Moderator of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church in Wales.
CEO of NEIFT, Vikram Rai Medhi, spoke on the 16th anniversary of the festival and congratulated all those who came to participate and support the 17th edition of the festival. fashion show in Milan, which is the capital of fashion.
Referring to the illegal entry of mynder into the state, Bipul said the party will continue to demand that the government should implement the Benami Act, 2016, 2016, which is the Act to Prohibit Mynder and at the same time the union has demanded that the government should set up a District Task Force Committee in the district, which is also in accordance with the provisions of the Act. Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act.
In another development, the house of Biola Mawthoh (the resident) and the house of Y. Mawniuh, Mynsain, Mawnei, Lower Lumparing, have been sealed since yesterday.
People have increased in wealth and income, although many are still poor.
Shillong, July 27: The Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) today announced its candidate for the Mawsynram Circle Constituency. PN Syiem, the CEM of KHADC, who is from the same village, will contest again in the upcoming MDc elections.
The office of the Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills, Khliehriat, has announced that it will conduct the examination on 27th June 2016 for the post of Receptionist and then on 5th October 2016 for the post of Fishery Demonstrator.
“Today’s victory is memorable.
Sometimes you don't have Good Friday.
Speaking to reporters, Secretary of the Seinraij Kongwasan Chyrmang, Bah Kerlang Lakiang, said that the Behdeinkhlam to be held by the Seinraij Kongwasan Chyrmang is the first Behdeinkhlam in Jaintia Hills.
Speaking to media, Bindo said that before the 2008 elections, there was a ticket dispute between him and the incumbent General Secretary of the party, Jemino Mawthoh who went to meet the President of the party. (L) Dr. Donkupar Roy did not apply for a ticket from Nongthymmai.
When it rains, such things happen.
This happened after beating Jongksha SC 3-2 on Friday.
After this, Tomar will leave for ICAR, Umiam to inaugurate the Krishi Kumbh Mela before leaving for Pasighat, Arunachal Pradesh.
Therefore, the party requests you to take action regarding the violation of COVID-19 rules in the state especially in the mid-term election campaigns in 13 Mawryngkneng, 24 Mawphlang and 47 Rajabala Constituencies and to provide detailed information whether the voters have “They should have been tested before voting and ensured that they comply with the COVID rules,” said the letter signed by Bah Shri Lawyerson War, Legacy Secretary and Bah Shaniah S. Nongrum, Assistant Secretary.
The KHADC has done the right thing in this time of great corruption.
He said that through this fund, the farmers who have been affected by the damage to their farmland, crops, to repair roads and highways have been damaged and destroyed. bridges collapsed and destroyed by floods, school buildings destroyed, families destroyed homes and lost lives and so on.
Meanwhile, BJP General Secretary David Kharsati said that the allegation that the BJP is a religious party is misleading the people.
The group has elected NPP MDC from Nogorpara Constituency Boston Marak as Chairman of GHADC while Conrad Sangma son of Purno A Sangma has been elected as CEM. long as an MDC.
The driver shall have one helmet per passenger, and according to the rules of law, all drivers and passengers shall wear helmets.
The Syngkhong Rympei Thymmai (SRT) has come forward to express its opposition to the non-issuance of Scheduled Tribe (ST) syrnod to children who take their jait ka jai from their father and not from their mother.
It is often seen that families are destroyed by the cold weather.
Many voices were heard from the protesters who turned to the KHADC, shouting 'Im sorry bah Ardent', 'Condemn UDP', and there were also shouts of 'Ha u Sing- In the Sing'
He also encouraged the students of the school to join the defense services and serve India.
In the final, the first half of the match ended in a 1-1 draw.
The KSU did not get to meet the Director during its visit to Lafarge but submitted a letter of demand which was accepted by Asstn.
From these laws, the village has tried to establish a ban which has worked well and those who violate the law will be punished by the village along with a fine decided by the Dorbar Shnong. The prize shall be paid to any group or individual who is arrested.
He said that at present, the power outage in the State continues while there is no rainfall to fill the water in the areas where there is no power generation.
JAIPUR: A religious man, known as Tapasvi Baba, has been charged with raping four women.
Speaking to media, Suzan Syiem on Saturday said that schools in rural and urban areas are not able to meet the requirements of the education policy.
In a statement, KSU WKHDU General Secretary Rishot Kharbani said that the KSU WKHDU stands on the ground that this BSF camp is not for the benefit of the residents of the area as found in other places. The BSF camp, the people have not benefited at all but only the problems they face from time to time in walking and standing especially the young men and women.
However, when it comes to the allegation of this woman that the Marams are only Poiei, it is very wrong. This statement does not only affect those from the Maharam Hima but also affects the longbriew manbriew. and society as a whole because it is a divisive and divisive term even for the entire race.
Three small vehicles involved in the incident were ML 05N 9465, Local Taxi ML05N 5476, Local Taxi ML-05Q 2262, Local Taxi ML-05J 8746 and Local Taxi ML- 05K 1862.
Shillong: UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh on Tuesday said that the victory of the UDP in Ranikor in the mid-term elections will have nothing to do with the government coup, but will strengthen the MDA government. Speaking today, Dr Jemino, Dr Jemino, has congratulated the people of Ranikor, Mawkyrwat on Tuesday morning to wait for the counting of votes. The party candidate Bah Pius Marwein has won the election in the constituency.
The Minister also explained that the test itself is the only way to confirm the presence of COVID-19 in their bodies.
Although the police have not been able to confirm the cause of the incident, they suspect that the incident happened due to a dispute over money.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has said that the judicial inquiry appointed by the Government should be an independent inquiry. It is clear that it can bring about a report that is satisfactory and accepted by the relatives, the public as expected and desired and does not want the investigation to go astray and remain in the dark.
This year, three teams from Meghalaya will participate in the Under-14 category, HK Singh Secondary School West Jaintia Hills, Assam Rifle Public School (EKH) Under-17 Boys and Saiden Secondary School. (Ri-Bhoi District) in the Under-17 Girls.
As soon as they saw the troops, the robbers fled back to Bangladesh to take advantage of the darkness of the night.
Edmund Khongsya, General Secretary of KSU South Khasi Hills, said that the KSU also warns the Chief Executive Members of Sohbar, Mawlong, Wahlong, Shella and Sohra Hima that the miners, Traders, and Village Authorities not to allow any foreigners to enter or issue any NOCs in relation to any trade activities in the Border Area.
Speaking to reporters, MPDF President Pyndapborlang Marshilong said that many letters have been sent to various departments of the state government regarding the deterioration of the road. However, the government or the relevant authorities have not come to inspect this road even once.
Speaking to media at his office, the CEM said that now there is a shortage of locals in the trade and foreigners have increased and until now the market is like a sacred market. to preserve the customs and traditions and therefore the CEM does not want the state residents to become low paid in the market.
“According to the rules of law, the police cannot investigate a person who is in critical condition, nor can they investigate a person who is in judicial custody without permission from the court. One of the sons of Bah Rymbai has filed a complaint with the District and Session Judge against Claudia Lyngwa and IO PS Paul. “It's a complaint and ordered that a show cause notice should be sought from them,” said Bevan Kynta.
The West Jaintia Hills High Court has sentenced Sujit Deb Nath to 7 years and 10 years imprisonment under Section 376 IPC and Section 6 of the POCSO Act along with a heavy fine. T.20000/- in these two cases.
According to the Global Drug Survey, Crystal Meth is stronger and more dangerous than other drugs as up to 4.8 percent of users have to seek immediate medical attention.
Also present on the occasion were the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, the Kongor of Khyrim Hima and others.
Shillong: In the past few months, it was known that those infected with covid 19, are only those with difficulty in breathing, or SARI cases, but now another finding has emerged that doctors , is for those who have ILI or Influenza or headache and rheumatism.
The Prime Minister said that the Congress party should have resolved this difference in the party, because at present the Congress has no power to point fingers at us.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah P.Nongrang President of HS&CC, said that this year's event is the fourth time.
“This shows that children, even if they have disabilities, can do many things that we don't think they can,” he said.
He said that they did not enter the shop until the Crime Scene Units and forensic team arrived to collect the samples.
Daniel 9:24.
The meeting was convened by the Shnong after some of the residents and residents of the village who are employees of NEIGRIHMS which is located nearby.
The use of the land is not a sacred duty.
“But now I have to support the team so that it can play well in this tournament.
Police sources said that the cause of the incident has not yet been identified and the robbers who killed the youth have not yet been identified. He said that according to the examination of the body of the youth, it is highly suspected that the robbers used a shotgun to kill the youth.
What will happen in the middle of that day or in the middle of those 7 years? “Much more then, being now justified by the blood of Jesus Christ, we shall be saved by his blood. THE WRATH OF GOD" Romans 5:9
The celebration has been held throughout the year since November 12, 2022, and throughout the celebration, various competitions for children were also held, with prizes being awarded on the weekend.
On the part of the President of MBA, Bah Cornelius Kharhunai, in a short meeting, he gave his words of advice, blessings and hope that the students will be able to play well and reach the goal of victory. Therefore, the name and honor of the family and the State as a whole.
The Congress leader said that the existence of CUET has deprived many students of the right to study in universities, and the Congress feels that the right to decide on the Access to education depends on the universities and not on the Government.
The HITO said that the minister's action was illegal because the appointment was not made publicly.
Hercules Toi, said that this is the fourth house built in Loompyrdi Iongpiah.
It is learned that the cleaning and filling of the road was supported and donated by Congress candidate Nehemayah Tyngkan together with his supporters to alleviate the difficulties of the people to travel especially during the difficult times.
Police have registered a case on the incident and the investigation is ongoing to identify the perpetrators and arrest them.
On the other hand, another group which wanted to form a government to reject the NPP-BJP failed after two HSPDP MLAs left the meeting of the national parties including the NPP-BJP. UDP, VPP, PDF and HSPDP along with the Congress and NPP. The political drama has intensified after two months, as it was only in June, that the PDF raised its flag and both the MLAs went to join the party. The PDF at that time had two MLAs, Gavin Mylliem from Sohra and Banteidor Lyngdoh from Mawkynrew.
He said that the small state has been an opportunity for the people to meet their leaders easily unlike other large states, where the people find it difficult to meet. to meet their leaders.
Shillong: There have been 33 new cases of covid-19 in Meghalaya today, according to the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War.
Although there is no such custom in other nations, the closest English word is 'Anathemise' or 'Accurse'
He said that to accuse the BJP leader, Bah Mawrie, there is no way to prove that he has brought about many changes to revive the BJP as a party that has the power to fight with his dedication. bad you decide basket.
Rymbai said that due to the appeal, the company had to suspend the registration of the new name and will wait until they receive an order from the court to register again.
“After the burial of the children, we went to meet the mother and the relatives and we also met with the Police and during the investigation we found that there was stinginess and irresponsible behavior of the Police,' said the Chairperson.
Jowai, Naiwieng : The District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District in a public statement has requested any residents whether they are individuals, groups or Waheh Shnongs who wish to testify on the shooting death of 5 The incident occurred on the 22nd of this month at Mukroh village. They have been arrested at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills, Jowai.
With this victory, Meghalaya is ready to move on to another match of the tournament.
The school has only two teachers and three assistant teachers.
The Tourism Department has improved the location of the park.
Twenty-one Indian civilians were also injured and nine of them were taken to Aizawl for treatment.
From now on, they will see more talented and famous teams from within the state and other teams from outside the state, who will compete at New Nongstoiñ Stadium for the title together. the amount of money is 7 lakh tyngka.
“I have been directed by the AICC to suspend Bah Pynshngain,” said Bah Lapang.
Donbok said Amit Shah should immediately hand over the inquiry by the CBI or the Enforcement Directorate by 23rd June 2023 to punish the corrupt people. On the scheduled date, the party will not file a defamation case against Amit Shah.
Most of the members showed a lack of willingness to participate in debates, consultations and decision-making processes, I saw very few opposition members and seats were empty.
Nagaland won six silver and three bronze medals while the Army Marksmen Unit (AMU) won six gold, four silver and one bronze medal.
“It would be wrong to say that we are going beyond the powers of the District Council, because the Chief Executive Members are also involved in the council,” he said.
No information has been received yet on the number of candidates who have bought forms from Lum Garo but it is learned that all the incumbent Congress MLAs have bought forms.
Nongpoh: At the TMC meeting held on Saturday at Patharkhmah, the TMC party leaders and the candidate from Jirang Constituency, were delighted to have some former Congress leaders. The UDP and BJP on Saturday joined the TMC to support the TMC candidate for the 2023 elections.
Shillong: Members of the Shillong Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders Forum (SKJCLF) have joined hands with many citizens in the state and others in the Meghalaya Prays program convened and led by the Shillong Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders Forum (SKJCLF). Hon'ble Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma on the evening of Easter Sunday 12th June
One of the subjects of the Lord's Prayer says – “...thy kingdom come” and Jesus began to implement the principles of the Kingdom of God here on earth.
When asked whether they have received any assistance from the government, Bah K.Muktieh said that they have not yet received any assistance, but the responsibility has been taken by the government. MC and teacher.
Smit, Nailar 18: Three men, Yesly Mawthoh, 70, Besly Mawthoh, 65, brother of Yesly and U Bah D Nongdhar (30), was shot dead at Smit Market at 9.30 pm.
She also urged all the vehicles passing through the Long Round Road, Mawlai Nonglum to cover their vehicles so that the night vehicles will not fall on the roads.
He said that the mention of many members of the KSU will be shown at the venue because they came to take part in the protest against the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) called by the KSU in Ichamati on the 27th of October.
Shillong, November 06: Ka Maitshaphrang has marked the 173rd death anniversary of the hero of the nation, Phan Nonglait by urging the State Government to declare the 6th November as “Phan Nonglait Day, " as a sign of appreciation for her contribution and dedication and also to give an award as a sign of appreciation for her.
Your money is also puk-puk.
He said that their presence in the government shows that they support the ban on cow slaughter, but they don't remember what they promised to the people in patriotic words.
“The government has always said that the door to talks is open if the HNLC stops its illegal activities,” Roy said.
The government which bought the land should also take it to Dkhar as the Instrument of Merger (except Jammu and Kashmir) has been signed in the north.
“Therefore, it is expected that the affidavit will be sent on another date,” the court said.
One of the main benefits of the Downtown Hospital Assam is that they also receive special cards from the Downtown Hospital Assam. them up to 10% of the amount they owe, which is medicine and accommodation.
Additional Chief Engineer M Allya said that the office has been constructed at a cost of T.79.17 lakh and will provide services to 158 villages and 32 villages in Mawphlang C&RD Block.
All players must submit their Xerox Birth Certificate from PHC / CHC / Addhaar Card and Medical Fitness Certificate from their Doctor.
Sixteen persons have been arrested under the Excise Act.
In the semifinal, YFC Trangblang beat Amlanai TC 9-8 in the tie breaker.
A 17-year-old youth from Nonglang village in South West Khasi Hills District has lost his life while another youth was injured when his bike collided with him. An Alto vehicle collided with another vehicle at Saitsnad, Mawlangwir near Rowell Lyngdoh Stadium.
Shillong, November 05: When Amit Paul entered the Indian Idol contest, all the people of Khasi-Jaintia Hills were sitting quietly to vote day and night but now they have decided to come forward to support him. The Khasi who entered the struggle were like this.
We are often overlooked in the field of sports activities.
The competition was organized by the NYKS office, Ri-Bhoi District in collaboration with the Seng Samla Umling and about 35 youths from different villages came to participate in the competition. on the phang is not buh.
“The people of Meghalaya have looked forward to the goals and dedication of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the fulfillment of his promises and especially to bring about the economic growth and development of the country in all areas. The BJP statement said that the BJP-led states in the country have witnessed the work of the government for the people.
He is experienced in conducting defense training for officers at the Defense Services Staff College and the College of Air Warfare, Secunderabad.
Shillong, June 18: “It was a shame when the meeting was opened,” said Boldness Nongum, President of the District Congress Committee, while commenting on the reports that the Congress party has started to fight in Nongstoin.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the project of the Shillong International Center for Performing Arts and Culture (SICPAC) which was launched last year has not been handed over to the government yet. On his part, he will ensure that the project should be handed over immediately.
The President of the Unit, Babu Wanbha S Phawa, said that many issues related to the teachers will be discussed at the meeting and urged all the teachers to attend the meeting. so that the issues of discussion are consistent.
The union strongly condemns the actions of this person and at the same time requests the department in charge of the hospital to find out the facts on this matter. threaten the residents of the entire area.
Shivansh Awasthi (ÏAS), Deputy Commissioner, South Garo Hills, who was the chief guest at the closing ceremony in Baghmara, said, “All three sections of APEX – Communication, Scientific Thinking and Wellbeing – based on the National Education Policy and goes hand in hand with our objectives for education here in our state.
“The presence of these coke factories has not only affected one village but also other neighboring villages due to the garbage produced by these factories which has severely affected the health of the residents and the crops. “The construction of coke factories in the area has affected Tongseng, Shnongrim, Khaidong, Thymme, Lumbangla and other neighboring villages.
At the same time, he urged the public who visit these places to plant trees not to damage them and the union will fight as much as possible to take care of these trees so that they will grow. five.
“For my part, I have spoken to Dr Chuba Ao and I will also speak to other party leaders in Delhi to keep Bah Earnest and to stop the presidential replacement,” said Bah Sanbor.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the High Court of Meghalaya has not canceled or suspended the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Meghalaya and Assam regarding and the demarcation of the boundary in 6 places in the first phase.
“I am pleased that within five years, we have been able to complete new buildings for the youth and the people of Baghmara,” he said. in Science and Commerce Stream from Sohra, Williamnagar and Baghmara College.
This is especially true of people who are physically weak.
The large number of trucks carrying stone and mawsalin has caused traffic jam in this area.
Mawrie welcomed Bernard Marak and wished him to forget the tortures he has suffered in prison.
“I have read the files, the former Chairperson Phidalia Toi has not attended the meeting 12 times and there are reasons why she did not attend the meeting, but she has also participated as it appears in the meeting. video in the last election campaign which is against the rule.
“At present, we are doing the rural roads first,” said PR Marwein.
The Assam Government has sent the same request to the Central Government to hand over the investigation to the CBI.
Perspective: Your perspective is not your own; far away, you don't have to see or hear.
Minister of State for Home Affairs Amit Shah on Thursday attended the 71st Plenary of the North Eastern Council at the State Convention. Center in Shillong.
In the first 2000 years there was a flood, in the second 2000 years Jesus came, and in the third 2000 years the end of the world was determined.
One evening, the farmer heard the sound of a cow, which was coming from a lawbniap. When he heard the sound of a cow, instead of going home, he stayed there. you night.
“I see the voice of the people that they will win the NPP again,” he said, adding that the party is confident of winning 32 seats in the 2023 elections.
SU Pangnyu Phom, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Nagaland, made the announcement on Twitter this morning.
The union has also warned against those who take the account numbers of the people and has warned that the union will take strict action against those who take the account numbers of the people. she threatened, that she would, sternly.
But that crane.
The first is the encounter between Jacob and God at Peniel, in which Jacob says to the Angel, "And the second is the subject of the Lord's Prayer, which says, "The word bread also means good drinking water, clean air to breathe, land to cultivate, adequate and safe housing, sufficient income to support life and family, health and adequate and affordable health care.
In the past 24 hours, two new cases have been confirmed but no cases have been reported.
Meanwhile, SC Phlangkynshi Sepngi beat SC Phlangkynshi Sepngi 10-0 while Kuchaphrang Football Club beat Mawkyrwat Presbyterian School 2-1
“Oh, you're alone, aren't you?” asked Hep.
“But we are still looking into this matter, there are losses and gains in it.
The Meghalaya government has also given 10 days to any party leaders or members of district councils who wish to submit further comments to the Parliamentary Standing Committee on the proposals to amend the Constitution. Sixth Schedule.
Before taking the body of Bah Neil to Lawmali Cemetery, the remains of Bah Neil were laid to rest at the residence at Pohkseh.
If these non-natives who have come to live here in the land of the ninth generation can get a share, our children will reach where, especially if these foreigners have close ties with the government officials. they pulled it all together, he added.
He expressed the government's commitment to provide training to those who have been identified through this talent identification based on the countries that won medals and said that the government is looking into this programme. and can send this talent identification back to the Block so that they can identify all the talents available in the countryside.
The protest was against the union's arrest of two employees working at the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY).
Bhalang's mother, father, brother and sisters were very happy with him because they had been accustomed to living together for a long time.
Later, the police conducted a search operation on the truck and after a while the driver of the truck fled the scene and left the truck on the highway.
He said that the union has also lodged a complaint with the Manager of Airtel but due to his absence from the office, they have lodged the petition and have spoken to the Airtel Manager. “It's a good idea to have a mobile phone,” said Evanfield.
Shillong, Lber, 16: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced the date of the Lok Sabha elections. CrPC to prohibit any person or group from carrying more than 50,000 tyngka within the boundary of East Khasi Hills District.
When asked who the UDP Mawphlang Circle will nominate to replace him, Bah Eugeneson said, “The Circle itself will try to follow up on the applications that will come in the future. He said it is up to the leaders how to appoint another candidate to replace him as he himself does not want to continue. continue to be in the political sphere.
The match on 14.12.2023 will be between Tyrshang vs Takhniang at 12 noon and Moobakhon vs Kremmyrsiang at 2 pm.
Those people who understand themselves and think about their future are really like that as you call them.
The conflict in Manipur has been going on since January 2023 and so far, more than 200 people have been killed and thousands of others have been displaced.
Tony AR Phawa scored 9' for Tuberkmaishnong while Tanlang Dkhar scored 34' for Jalyiah.
The district administration of West Jaintia Hills District has imposed Section 144 CrPC to curb the violence in Pasyih village after an allegation of land dispute between a woman and the Catholic Church.
Rawat said there are 111 flying squads and 36 surveillance teams to monitor the misuse of money, alcohol and other items to deceive voters.
He urged the parents to take good care of their children and to warn them to stay away from drugs.
In another development, Meghalaya Police on Friday arrested three GNLA members from Siju area near Nongal in South Garo Hills.
The love that the poets often sing is that it cannot be expressed, it can reach even across the sea, it can even reach the other side of the sea.
The Deputy Commissioner was accompanied by the Superintendent of Police, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang and the Chief Judicial Magistrate, Kong KML Nongbri. “To verify whether the owners of these houses have built according to the rules laid down by MUDA,” said Goyal, who is Chairman of the committee appointed by the Court.
The Law Department and the Labor Department will meet next month to examine the Foreigners Act.
There is no difference between being ruled by a foreigner in Bangladesh or a foreigner.
Lynkhoi said that all the Khasi villages including Nongmawlein, Ewnongma, Mawlan, Umwali, Mawdiangsnam, Domtiewaw, Umwahsiang, Mawsikar, Umyiap, Umbyrsit, Nongmaw and others have been destroyed. They have prepared sufficient documents to hand over to the leaders of the Regional Committee on Border Dispute when they visit the area.
After this meeting, all the people pledged to give their full cooperation to protect the environment for their own future.
The lack of trade and heritage of us Khasi is a blessing only to our daughters and not to our sons.
JOWAI: The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma has approved the release of the council's share.
Even now, as the elections are approaching, there have been various schemes that allow those in government to distribute money to the people.
The event was attended by the State Youth President of the National People's Party (NPPYF), Bah Kitborlang Nongrem, MDC Rambrai Jyrngam, Bah Bajop Pyngrope and office bearers of the NPPYF Warsanlyngdoh Area. Up to 50 tree seedlings have been planted.
Therefore, the NPP wants to clarify to the people that they should not be dressed in these scientific tricks of the AITC which has been promised without any basis.
Pangniang, who is currently the President of the HSPDP, said that these two demands which the founder of the HSPDP has signed, are also the foundation stones for the protection of the HSPDP. The Khasi Pnar people are under the rule and authority of the Government of India.
Speaking on the occasion, Ms Shylla expressed her delight to be able to celebrate with the faithful of the Catholic Church Borghat on the opening day of the preparations for the 100th Anniversary of the Catholic Church in Borghat. Borghat village and confirmed that it will be held in 2023, the year to complete the centenary celebration.
He asked for a tyrnem, she gave him a tyrnem, he asked for a screw diver, a knife and a plastic, she said she gave it.
While Khasi Jaintia, even if they get 85 to 90% marks, many of them will not be able to study doctorate. duh you are faithful".
The North East Students Organization (NESO) has called a curfew in the entire region to protest against the introduction of the Bill.
Police immediately rushed to the scene to recover the body of the man from the Nanpalok Pond.
Benedic Marak, MLA, who has just won for the first time; However, he was also elected as an MDC to the Garo District Council for the second time from Raksamgre.
The Rangbah Shnong of Lumdaitkhla, Bah ST Rympei, said that half of the stadium has been handed over to the Meghalaya Cricket Association for use, but the rest will be used for football and basketball.
Banshai said he has gone around the villages to find out whether there is any benefit to the people as shown in the RTI but he said that many are worried from the Rangbah Shnong to the families. , but the problem could not be diagnosed correctly he said that the names of the beneficiaries were not disclosed in the RTI.
Until now, both the groups have worked together to strengthen the relationship between the Khasi and Assamese in Meghalaya,” said the statement.
They said that the demand for the removal of the Lyngdoh was due to the border issues that he had arranged for Lembarkut and some others not to attend.
These years in question are important.
According to police sources, the two drug traffickers were arrested on the 20th of this month from a Maruti car number ML06 0853 while it was arriving at You are from Nongspung.
Supercare aims to be a pioneer in new treatment methods, solutions and ideas related to health services, and at the same time ensure that the principles of care are our strength .
Shillong, March 20: Police of Umïam Police Station, Umïam Fire and Emergency Service and Search and Rescue Team (SRT) are conducting a search for the body of a suspected man. that he died on the Umïam Bridge on Friday.
The harvested rice is usually planted in nurseries in April or the first month of May and then planted in the field for 20-30 days, and harvested. even in the month of August.
Maneka Gandhi also said that Priyanka Gandhi has not been able to attract voters in the Lok Sabha elections because she does not have followers.
KSU Mawlai Circle on Tuesday 8th June, 2024 under the leadership of Samla Edie Malngiang (General Secretary) and Samla Sam Lyngdoh Nonglait (Education Secretary) has lodged a complaint with the Principal of Sacred Hearts Boys Higher School. Secondary, Fr T.Kharsyntiew on the incorrect writing of the name of Mawlai on the sweaters of the Sacred Heart Boys School. .
After a quarrel with the chiefs of the Hima Shyllong, they refused and fled far away until they reached the Hima Sutnga.
So far, it is learned that the NPP, BJP and other Independent MLAs along with two from the HSPDP will take the oath to form the MDA-02 government.
It was unexpected that this year's heavy rainfall has caused the rivers to rise many times and covered the bridges.
Speaking to media, Sangma said the move requires both the states to sign the meeting between the two CMs on border reconciliation issues which was held on 30th November. .
He also spoke about the provision of poor housing to the people of the state.
Only qualified candidates may conduct election campaigns and demonstrations.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Divisional Forest Officer of the Khasi Hills Wildlife Division, Shillong has urged the Range Forest Officer, Zoo Range and the Range Forest Officer, Lum Nehru Park to fight against the use of plastic in Lady Hydari. Park and Lum Nehru Park from 5th July 2014, which is the Environment Day and he urged that signs and warnings should be placed in these places before entering these places so that the public they tip ha shwa.
Nongpoh, Nailar 14: Speaking at a training program for the students of RBP Higher Secondary School, Ri-Bhoi District, E Kharshandi, Ri-Bhoi District, on the dangers of drugs. The district is one of the four districts which is at high risk of drug trafficking which is also the gateway for drugs to enter and leave the state because through this district it is the route to others. other districts in the state.
you can't bring development.
Out of these 31 cases, 15 cases were seriously injured and were admitted to the hospital while others were treated and discharged. to him.
Speaking to media on 2nd June, HYC President Bah Roykupar Synrem said that the decision was taken after the district authorities expressed their inability to take the measures to evict these illegal occupiers on the grounds that this area is in dispute and a court battle.
The Bhang festival will be held at Dat Lawakor at the Behdieñkhlam of the Raij Jowai where the winner of the festival will receive a gift of rice and wheat.
He appointed me as the Chairman of the Committee, until I won the election (2013), he threw away the ILP and introduced a new law, 'The Meghalaya Regulation of Landlords and.
Replying to the comment against him, Bah Pathaw said, “On the day we registered at the same polling station, my fellow journalists asked me, and the answer I gave was I will leave it to the court, for it is the only one who has the authority to decide whether I am right or wrong.
However, the decision of the meeting to end the decision agreed earlier and to find other ways will be discussed at tomorrow's meeting with the new government led by the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma.
Clever Sangma scored 44 runs to help his team win in 43.3 overs.
Shillong: Two UDP leaders, Shella MLA Balajiedkupar Synrem and Sohra MDC Titos W Chyne, Sohra MDC, KHADC, have been arrested. ), they met face to face with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to urge him to take action on the demands of the workers of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL).
Ri Bhoi also had a skilled bowler, Ram Gurung (6/25), who scored 6 runs for EJH, which reduced to
Regarding Pynshai Nongrang, who was arrested on suspicion of robbery and rape of a woman, who has been alive for nine months, the police have sent a report to the court. In fact, the police are still planning to apply for Police Custody, but what remains now is that they are waiting for the Court Order and then they will know how to take the necessary action.
Speeches were also delivered by Kermen Ryja, Secretary, Michael Lyngdoh, President, Apualus D. Sangma and Romoland Paliar. this area.
This is true and happens even in the marriage of the children which was also according to the arrangement of their mothers.
Jowai, Naitung 18 : The Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament 2022 will start tomorrow on the 19th of November. Kiang's Stadium, Jowai.
The court said that although the case has been improved, it is not permanent.
KSU Nehu informs that if the students have any questions, they can also telephone 8974587275, 8414965903, 6033301084,
The statement said that the Seng will soon write to the State Government to meet with the Central Government to resolve the announcement, dated 29th October 2017, regarding the appointment of Rural Banks in the state. Jowai: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYC-CEC) has said that the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYC-CEC) has said that the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYC-CEC) JYF) will hold a special meeting on the assassination of its President, Poipynhun Mawjaw.
However, these organizations have accepted the implementation of the entry and exit points as proposed by the State Government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister of the state in 2013 but in the past three years the entry and exit points have not been set up and the entry and exit of mynder into the state is still slow.
Rejecting the news spread from Assam, the DGP said, “It is a clean news that has been spread”. and urged the media to refrain from publishing false news.
“In fact, we wanted to inform the Ministry and it is time for us to inform Delhi that we have not received this money yet.
Shillong: The JSU Mynso unit today seized four trucks carrying illegal drugs from Barato village passing through the Wah Myntang Bridge in Mynso village.
Umpling also beat Gorkha 2-0
The winners of the men's race were Hepstarly Lyngkhoi from Mawthawpdah (00:37:58), Wobeststar Ramsiej (00:38:56) and Iwelljohn Ramsiej (00:40:03). Plug.
All citizens of the State, except those employed by the Government and whether the State Government or the Central Government.
The Seng strongly requests the authorities of N.E.H.U to take strict action not to allow such people to get shelter as it is dangerous for the students in N.E.H.U as well as for the the neighboring village.
Andrew J. May, a scholar at the University of Melbourne, Australia, said that Rev. Thomas Jones went to Calcutta to study.
“To blame only one political party is unfair,” he said.
who were persecuted by Muslim rebel groups.
Shillong, June 18: Police have recovered the body of a 50-year-old man from Lum Mawlong, Maw Htlati on the 16th of this month at 2 pm. The body of the deceased was found at Dieng Kynthong, Mawjrong (EKH).
The union can also say that the SSLC and HSSLC are only the beginning of education and encourages others to have the spirit of desire to work hard and not to lag behind, because while there is still the The path of victory will always be open to those who are willing.
The government's increase in DA and DR is to help its employees due to the increase in the price of commodities and this increase in DA will benefit more than 47 lakh employees and the increase in The DR will benefit more than 68 lakh retired central government employees.
“Nagaland cannot be counted stingy either because it is the U-17 (boys) team that won the Subroto Cup (in March) and among these players will be in the U-21 team,” he said. u Mr. Think.
After this, the child developed peritonitis, there was another abdominal infection, and the team of doctors was able to treat this too successfully, to pave the way for the continuation of the ' peritoneal dialysis' until the function of the kidneys in the child has improved.
Bah KS Suchiang President of the Society and Bah Tackmon L Gympad expressed their gratitude and thanks to God for organizing this program and for achieving the objectives as expected.
The Government has also drafted and passed the Meghalaya Residential Permit Bill as part of the protection of the rights of indigenous people, but this bill has not become law because the President of India in that he did not have time to sign it into law.
She explained that with the PM Kisan, the Government of India will provide assistance only to one farmer household and if they have children who have worked in government jobs, they can no longer. have participated in this scheme or can no longer apply for it.
For more than 50 years we have been allowed, it is time for the Meghalaya government to recognize us Khasi-Jaintia because even the Indian government is one of the main reasons for giving reservation to the Scheduled Casters, Scheduled Tribes and others. four days of the census (Population).
Now it is up to the party who is eligible to nominate as candidates from Shillong and Tura.
Furthermore, the department regularly engages with the States/Smart Cities through video conferences, meetings, site visits, regional workshops etc. to monitor the performance of cities and to guide encourage them to improve their work.
There are only a few parts of the country that can generate electricity, two of which are the eastern parts of Arunachal Pradesh and Sikkim.
In the fourth and final match of the second innings, Arunachal lost all wickets for the loss of 150 runs and scored only 172 runs.
The committee will include two members from each district council besides officers from the DCA. He said that these rules will be implemented as soon as possible although it is not yet clear when they will be implemented.
Among these articles, the Government acknowledges that only Article 53 on page 168, paragraph 4, included in Class X, states that there was an article explaining the nature of Christianity which affects the the Khasi religion, which says, 'The conversion of the Khasi to Christianity since the 19th century has increased the spirit of love of culture'
The increase in the number of drug addicts has increased and we want to bring back peace in the homes and parents to hold this Free Medical Camp because of the increase in the number of drug addicts especially the children under 18 years of age have been afraid, he said.
Remember that the world and the age itself are changing, not that they are changing.
Another foreigner who won the most votes was Sader Hossain of the Congress from Shyamnagar constituency who received 9297 votes but was defeated by Esmatur of the NPP. Sengnal M Sangma of the NPP from Wagesik constituency has won the election with 2291 votes.
The authorities of Seinraij Lower Primary School, Mukhap have decided to hold a memorial service this year to spread the awareness among the students about the works and life of Kiang Nangbah. on the 158th death anniversary of this Khlawait who gave his life for the sake of the country and the people.
However, the Executive Committee of UEFA said it would take a final decision in April this year to grant the rights to these countries for the tournament. play in the coming years.
In the first half of extra time, France struggled to score against Argentina.
The two parties demanded that the state government under the leadership of the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma should talk to each other and demand that the CM should allow more Scheduled Tribe youth to enter the Scheduled Tribe. I am an officer of Meghalaya Rural Bank.
Before the registration of members, there shall be an explanation of the principles of the Party.
Jowai, July 26: U Junel Tongper of Lumphyllut Umkiang village has been arrested by the East Jaintia Hills Police on suspicion of involvement with the HNLC. He was arrested on the 23rd of this month and according to police sources, he was also involved in extortion in the name of the HNLC in Amlarem area last year. Shillong, July 26: The Elders Committee of the Seng Khasi (Kmie) Mawkhar has expressed its deep sorrow and surprise over the news that the Seng Khasi (Kmie) Mawkhar has been arrested. Nongpoh Constituency 20 MDC Rona Khymdeit said, “There is no tangjait in Ri-Bhoi”, according to a report published on July 23, 2016 in a newspaper.
Speaking on the occasion of World Tuberculosis Day 2023 on Tuesday, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh said at a meeting held at Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
The Chief Minister was accompanied by the Minister of State for Urban Affairs, Bah RV Lyngdoh who visited the market in the past few days before the Chief Minister's visit. Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ricky Nelson Syiem and Ministers of Mylliem Hima.
This is the fourth attack by the militants in the past three days in the state.
The CEM said that with the existence of the laws and regulations of KHADC, all the villages now have to set up a solid waste management committee in each village in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnongs and the villagers.
This was announced by the Secretary of the Church, H.Dhar.
Jowai, Naitung 12: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Jaintia Hills District Unit today donated balls and equipment to the Niaw Wasa Football Club. .
On this occasion, the meeting will also discuss the outstanding issues where other government departments have not been able to implement the demands, besides the orders of the State Government.
Shillong, June 15: UDP General Secretary and Nongthymmai MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh on Tuesday said that the appointment of Parliamentary Secretaries is a practice of all governments from now on and it is difficult in politics. for everyone who wants to be in the house.
On the same day at 7:30 pm, MJ Kharbudon, Executive Magistrate, Khliehriat, seized four trucks bearing the number plates ML-11-0696, ML-04A-0 Rajesh Sympli, Sati Dkhar, Chedrale and Heman Nongtdu were arrested from Ladsutnga NH-44 (EJH) while transporting coal without proper documents. .
The man was a commercial taxi driver who had just started driving a commercial vehicle again about a week after six months of discharge.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: The registration of candidates for the MDC elections-2014 has started on the 5th of this month and will end on the 10th of this month, according to a report. There are 17 candidates who have already filed their nomination papers across the state, and besides 17 candidates, there are more candidates who will file their nomination papers today.
India, which is one of the fastest growing economies in the world and the fifth largest economy in the world, but this time, its GDP, or The country's gross domestic product (GDP) has declined for the second quarter of 2020-2
At the same time, the FKJGP and KSU said that the MDA-II government should not just listen but should take strong action against those who come to commit crimes and do not respect that status. quo'.
According to a statement issued by the Home Department of the Government of Meghalaya, it has received a report from the Police Headquarters after the incident in Mukroh village that there was beating of people, arson and damage to public property.
Leaders of FKJGP, HNYF, HYC and other civil society groups in Ri Bhoi District have called on the youths to leave the country. and the Hynniewtrep United Movement (HUM), rushed to the scene to witness the forced eviction of the youths at the Toll Plaza.
TDCA-B led by 25 runs in the second innings but managed to score only 93 runs for the loss of all wickets. , which put East Garo Hills on the path of victory by
The order said that no one is allowed to enter the containment and those outside the containment are not allowed to leave.
Because you want to be God.
The time is running out.
Anthony Syiem, 24, also known as 'Outlaw Bhoi', has left the state for Dubai to fight against Karan Lama from Maharashtra at the MMA Matrix Fight Night held in Dubai. Dubai where he defeated Rangiakura from Maharashtra and won the title by decision of the judges.
Eshanee Hatimuria from Assam came second and Dyna Jomo from Arunachal Pradesh came fourth with prizes of T.1 lakh and T.70,0
The MPHRC demands that the government should find ways and means to convince the public that the time has come to stop the use of firearms especially during the rainy season. maintain peace and order through mass protests and other modern weapons should be used in many countries to avoid any injuries that could lead to death. human life that is not right.
This is the second victory of the U-15 team of the Regional Academy Kolkata.
The Khasi States are one of those States, which are directly connected with foreign rule through the Crown Representative in Delhi, – they do not fall under any province. ter-ter through the period until Independence Day (15.08.1947) and until 25.01.1950 it included the Khasi States and the Khasi & Jaintia Hills District (British India).
On this occasion, the President of the JBB&FA, Samla Yoosar Kynjing, expressed his gratitude to Wanraplang Thubru for his victory. He congratulated Wanraplang Thubru for his success in the upcoming matches and reminded that Wanraplang Thubru has won the 1st All. Meghalaya Amateur Body Building Champion, Mr.Ironman Amateur 2021 which was held in Jowai.
At the same time, he reminded that all the villages in Khasi Hills have their own special blessings of the Creator. You can't go to Umshit or Hot Spring.
And may this Christmas bring you joy, love and peace.
Although Meghalaya is not a state where Adhar number is available to everyone, the benefits of various government schemes cannot be obtained without Adhar number.
JSU General Secretary Treiborlang R Suchen said that the army has admitted that the camp is part of the Joint Mobile Check Post and is temporary.
Santosh Kashyap, former coach of Royal Wahingdoh FC and Rangdajied United FC, has also received the AFC Pro License in
to God give you peace in heaven.
The outcomes of the B20 Conference of the G20 Presidency of India in Aizawl are as follows:1) Tourism in Mizoram: Mizoram is a diverse country; rich in deiriti, it is the most attractive tourist destination.
There have been many discussions in these days on the need for Rangbah Shnongs to run to one political party and to another to fight to get rid of the law which has taken away their powers. Many of the people were surprised to learn that the Rangbah Shnongs were following.
“Besides, Dr. Jemino said that when it comes to the power of money during the elections, the people should understand that they will give money if they don't benefit themselves.
Moosa joined Bengaluru in 2017 to coach Team B, which won the Bangalore Super Division title in 2018-2
Article 371 A bad Article 371 G – Quote “.
“The Congress is ready and we will continue to work hard, we will contest from all 24 seats in Garo Hills, and I hope we will do well in this election 2023,” she said.
Finally, he appeared to more than 500 of his disciples.
In a statement, Sainkupar Nongtraw Publicity Secretary strongly criticized the government for arresting youths who took part in the ILP protest, alleging that this is a violation of human rights.
The four suspects were brought before the court on July 27 and remanded in Judicial Custody for 14 days.
According to Peter, the incident happened on the 1st of July but he was phoned and informed until the 2nd of July at 5 pm. I told them to file an FIR with the police but they didn't want to send me to Shillong for treatment. Then they informed me that they don't want to go to Shillong for treatment. I went to Mawryngkneng Police Station on the 3rd to lodge a complaint, but the police didn't respond. When there was no complaint against them, I told them to go home but don't run away.
He added that although the North East is still lagging behind in many areas, it has many areas to improve and said that the time has come to develop this area. in the field of tourism.
After the victory, Tsitsipas will face Alex de Minaur; Grigor Dimitrov won the title by w/o.
The UDP has not been able to run smoothly its activities to bring about development and prosperity in its own country, why do they want to go to Garo Hills? We also see how the Garo because they don't have enough leaders, they don't have enough blood relatives, and they don't win anyone from the UDP because they know that they won't see development if they don't have enough leaders. elect representatives from this organization.
Police have taken the five persons to trial today and the court has given six days to the police to conduct a thorough investigation.
According to him, for now, the government has paid some to the employees according to the availability of funds.
Sometimes they are like the police, by arresting people (especially the authorities) and they are also like the income tax enforcement by collecting taxes from the rich like government officials. Sometimes, they are like MLAs of the opposition and they have the power to remove anyone they want to remove, such as the The former Chief Minister, Bah EK Mawlong, has been accused of corruption, even though he has nothing to do with it.
Shillong, July 30 : For the first time on the 30th July 2023 at 4.30 pm, the MSOA has gathered together the leaders of the state who have represented India to discuss the issue of sports. ) within the state.
On the other hand, the President of the National Youth Front (NYF), Bah Sadon K.Blah, said that the Government should implement the MRSSA. The Help of Christians at Laitumkhrah, Shillong Archdiocese on the 12th of November, was a festival, organized by the Archdiocese, which witnessed the participation of many Catholics.
Nongpoh, July 11: The Meghalaya Aids Control Society (MAI) has announced that the number of people infected with HIV/AIDS in Ri Bhoi District has increased to The number of cases has risen to 5115 and 23 cases are new cases and the question is whether there are still many cases who have not come for examination by the health department.
However, although they differ in the way of governing and conducting religious activities, in the practice of religion they are united as the traditional religion.
But as soon as he stood up, his friend came to him.
Shillong, Nailar 24: On the 15th of this month, the Special Rescue Team searched for a body in Wah Umiam using shiah signs. the equipment to be used for diving.
By Collin Wanñiang Ask the Paid Khasi Hynniewtrep or any other Jaitbynriew where they came from and how they came to live in that place; when all the Foundations of Modern Wisdom have been exhausted, the answer will be “It just happened.
You must also hold an Arms License and work or Job Cards under the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme.
On the way as they walk they meet a stranger who asks them for directions.
According to sources, the house belongs to Bah Dwomlin Thongni and Kong Spholinda Wahlang, both of Kyrdum village. accident except for the loss of the contents of the house.
Speaking to media, Titos W Chyne said the meeting was convened to hear the decision of the Chief Executive Members of Ri Bhoi District on the government's plan to build a The railway line to Byrnihat Ribhoi District.
It is expected that the Meghalaya government will provide all the accommodation and workplaces, including electricity among others and will also be responsible for the implementation of the project.
Of these, 46 are from Hojai district, 28 from Udalguri district and 11 from Kamrup. 10 from Nagaon, five from Morigaon and three from Nalbari.
Shillong, June 4: The Additional Chief Secretary, Meghalaya Government, today announced that all state government offices and schools in East Khasi Hills will be closed on the 10th of June. 2017, for the sake of the Spiritual Dance.
“However, it is sad to see that private individuals who have money, status and power who have reduced themselves to the rank of cheap slaves when they offer themselves or are bought by the slaves of the world “It's a good idea to exchange ideas with the people and sell promises like goods in the market,” he said.
East Khasi Hills has 93 cases and West Garo Hills has 93 new cases.
The union questions why the DIPR department cannot appoint full time employees in these vacancies, why they have appointed 'temporary employees', this action of the DIPR department has violated the rights of children. those who are entitled to receive these jobs.
On this occasion, Bah D Pyngrope, Bah W Syiemlieh and Bah KS Nongbsap, Asst Directors of Horticulture and Agriculture, Nongstoin, and resource persons.
Fifty years of rule have passed and we have seen more losses.
The morning disaster that these villages have faced will be very sad and pathetic.
Wahkaji Secondary School won the first match of the Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament 2023 by beating Nineset Secondary School 1-0 at Pyndeniewlyng-doh Stadium. Playground, Nonglang, Mawkyrwat today 15th July
According to a statement, the Ministry of Human Resources Development (MHRD) of the Government of India has recently decided to include three Centrally Sponsored Schemes of the Central Government in the field of education. SSA, RMSA and Teachers Education through the new Integrated Scheme for School Education known as Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan from 2018-19 onwards.
The BDO, Mawryngkneng C&RD Block, has been directed to discuss with the Syiem of Khyriem Hima, together with the Rangbah Shnong, on the health rules, before reopening these two markets.
The Congress youths burnt the portrait of the Union Minister as a sign of their protest against Giriraj Singh's remarks against Congress President Sonia Gandhi.
South Shillong MLA Sanbor Shullai, Jowai District Dolloi Puramon Kynjing, WJDSA members, family members of (L) Debo were present on the occasion. Shullai and others.
Police immediately rushed to the scene and found a man lying in a pool of blood inside the ground floor of a car manufacturing factory belonging to Bah Farid Mukhim at Laitkor Mawrie, Lumheh.
At the same time, the SSTP suspects that there may be no cooperation between Airtel and Jio, because when Airtel disappears, there is Jio and when the Jio network disappears, there is Airtel.
When asked how he feels about the implementation of the Act, he said, “It is up to the government, the political parties say it is”. .
Manager of Lafarge.
The council will issue a notice directing the Dorbar Shnongs to register all those who come to live in the villages, including the Khasi.
Shillong: Ka STIEH has strongly condemned the brutal murder of a young man at Golflink, by robbers until he took his life.
Today, 10 new cases have been confirmed in Kerala, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
Meanwhile, Sylvania said that what made her reach her goal was the encouragement from her father especially to act in films.
The eight arrested include Dapynbiang Sten (26) of Kyrwen, Riwandakaru Dann (22), Ladthadlaboh, Kristina Lyngdoh (18), Sohkynphor, Sanwaki Dkhar (28), Khliehiongriang, Lemi Ryngkhlem (20), Demthring, Elison Dkhar, 24, Demthring, Emryngkatmitre Dkhar, 20, Demthring and Prosperity Talang, 22, Demthring.
Amlarem 16th August 2021(Issued by the SDO(Civil),Amlarem Sub Division,Amlarem).
Urging the youth and school children, he said that the children should not spend their time in useless activities, but should use their time properly in constructive ways.
The CEM of KHADC said that the visit of all the MDCs of KHADC to this area to meet the people, is to show the unity on issues related to the jaitbynriew by putting politics behind.
To form a Government, whether ruled by a single political party, or a Government coalition of many political parties, requires a majority.
These 18 villages include Sabuda, Jatalong, Madan Umwang, Khlieh Umwang, Umlaper, Laru, Umtlieh, Umma, Ummru, Umshadktad, Umtliej, Umhi, Itpatung, Umsder, Umtyrshing, Umsaw Lumdorbar, Mawsladieng and Imsohlaper.
Since the beginning of the protests against the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB), the Assam government has arrested 190 people and filed 136 tobacco cases against the protesters in Assam.
Galaxy Junior FC has reached the quarter final of the Football Knockout Tournament 2023 organized by the Ri Khasi Social and Cultural Sports Club.
The President of KJDSTA, Babu Kular Khongjirem, presented a gold medal and a plaque.
The UDP Working President said the party will try to maintain and operate according to the Sixth Scheduled.
Lane, there is a thought that the BJP will not appoint Bah Hek or Bah Sanbor as the President of the party.
Although the U-14 Girls Inter District Cricket T20 Tournament 2023 on Tuesday was a success, it was disrupted by the natural forces.
It is also true that Meghalaya has set up a small Police Outpost about 300 meters west of the market.
All evening services will be held at the church and school grounds but on the Lord's Day at 10:00 AM and 1:00 PM at Madan Polo.
Mawkyrwat, March 20: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat, who is also the Chairperson of the District Level Coordination Committee for the 11th Agriculture Census 2021-2 The Government of India through the Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare has ordered to conduct the 11th Agriculture Census Survey in all districts including Mawkyrwat. Hills District where the first phase will start in November 2022 and will end in December
The final of the AJCA Open T20 Cricket Tournament will be played on Saturday (10/04/2021) at Jrisaleiñ Stadium, Chutwakhu Jowai.
The Minister also urged us to join hands in cleaning up and maintaining the beauty of the village.
The race started from the ground floor of the Deputy Commissioner's office to Mawïaban and ended at the gate of the Deputy Commissioner's office.
The party said that if only 1.4 crore Bangladeshi Hindus come to live in the state and become Indian citizens through this Act, then the small nation will suffer. and perhaps it shall become a fugitive in its own land.
Until now, there is no cure for this disease.
The incident has been handed over to the National Investigation Agency for further investigation.
Out of the three constituencies, Rambrai, Jyrngam and Mawshynrut are the only constituencies where there are still many villages without roads. Darephang, Nongspung, Umbah, Nongmawlein, Mawkhap, Mawsngi, Umyiap, Miangbyrkong, Mawdiangsnam and others.
Nongpoh, Lber 01: After many years of waiting for a proper Dorbar Hall, the Village Council of Nongkhrah in Ri-Bhoi District today inaugurated a proper Dorbar Hall for the purpose of running. you don't village you don't thaw.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Hynniewtrep Social Democratic Party (HSPDP) has expressed its deep sorrow over the incidents in the past few days regarding the construction of the railway line at Byrni, Ri Bhoi district.
“What difference does it make when there is a way and the government is ready to help or support people who stand on their own feet especially us women,” said the daughter.
There are signs in some of those who have given hope to the country, who have survived the storm of LD and IAS and such courage should be given all the blessings and support they deserve.
She also urged the youth to avoid early marriage as it not only affects their health, but also leads to poverty and beyond. There is also a law that prohibits them from being arrested if they marry underage.
In a letter sent to the Chairman of the Law Commission of India, Justice Ritu Raj Awasthi, MLA South Shillong, said that Meghalaya is a special state where women and men are discriminated against. The implementation of the UCC may conflict with the customs and traditions of the state.
As we all know, the Central Government has sent the North Eastern States to resolve the border issue before the 75th Diamond Jubilee of India.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma have decided to include the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) in the Regional Committee.
The HYC has arrested the suspect after he was trying to steal the tape of the owner of the car from the vehicle but the HYC came and found him.
Nitish Kumar, on receiving the news of the killing of these workers, sent a message on Twitter today expressing his condolences over the incident in Tamil Nadu.
Therefore, on the 12th June 2022, they immediately inspected and found that the illegal activities of foreigners are illegal and can affect the health of the people.
In the midst of the heavy traffic jam, and the Government's plan to introduce projects to reduce traffic jam, the question is whether these projects such as flyover, skywalk and other projects that can reduce traffic jam will be completed soon. in the city of Shillong.
The Khasi Jaidbynriew, although it is still a small nation in the world, has a lot of intellectuals who can enrich the Jaidbynriew by playing a great role in it. to save the Jaidbynriew forever and ever.
Another provision is under the 5th Amendment 51(B) 52 Disaster Management Act 2005, according to which the punishment is that they have disrupted and failed to comply with the announcements of the central government and as well as the state government.
The source said that the cause of the fire was due to an electrical short circuit which started to catch fire from the meter reader. The damage caused by the incident has reached about Rs 30 lakh.
Internet : the meaning of information is the spread of information from one country to another; par has two meanings, one is clean and the other is clean; information is memory power concentrated in the brain.
The farmers, once they looked at these types of soil, immediately knew whether it was suitable for planting seeds in that field.
The office bearers of the Forum include CB Syiem as President, Ojrin Mangu, Lois Umbah and Tes Syiem as Advisors, PW Umbah, Thomas Muktieh Jos Syiem and Working President. Hopingstone Masharing, O Pangcho, Morning, Dit Mangu as Vice President, Army Shadap as General Secretary and others.
This means that the Israelites will be able to offer sacrifices only for 3 and a half years inside the temple with those bulls and for the remaining 3 and a half years, Satan will go and live in the third temple and pretend to be like him. God until he sat down in the temple in Jerusalem to be God himself.—2 Thessalonians 2:4
The body of the woman was found by her family members on July 1 at her home, said Chemphang Syrti.
He said that as the president of the SSA, he has already met with the management of the Shillong Recreation Ground Trust to request them to allow the SSA to improve the ground for the benefit of the players.
The next morning, the residents saw a pool of blood near the ground floor of her house and it was suspected that she had been murdered.
According to information provided by the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, the Anganwadi in the monthly monitoring of these children, found that L Nongstep, who is 1 year old, was 1 year old. The second child of the woman is facing malnutrition (SAM) as she weighs only 5 kilos and is 63cm tall until October
Regarding the distribution of medicines, the UDP Youth Wing has expressed its regret that the money allocated for the health sector has been misused to the point of reaching the limit. The UDP said that the most painful thing is that patients are still running to different pharmacies to buy medicines because they don't get medicines from the hospital.
All the speakers spoke on the importance of preserving the environment for the sake of peace from generation to generation.
Shillong: The Anti Narcotics Task Forces (ANTF) have arrested a 26-year-old drug dealer at her residence in Them Metor.
Speaking to reporters, these three persons, said that they have been dismissed from the place, which they have been working for many years, only because of the personal power of Prof. .JK Chauhan, who is also the new Dean of CAU, who has just arrived this month.
In 2023, we the paid citizens will not be deceived or bought again as happened in
Regarding the daily entry and exit of foreign ambulances, Ratacherra Police said that they have already checked and only patients will be allowed to be in one ambulance including the driver and only those but in an emergency.
He also alleged that the BJP government has tried to introduce Hindutva through the influence of the RSS and therefore, the people of Meghalaya should defeat it again in the 2018 elections.
Police have arrested all five persons and the investigation is ongoing.
Trinamool Congress MP Nusrat Jahan has been insulted by a Muslim leader for taking part in Durga Puja.
Ronmoy Das opening a workshop for journalists at Shillong Club.
Besides, Bah Sainkupar said that the State Government's threat to immediately shut down the MCCL is only a ploy to allow other foreign-owned dewbilat companies.
The Chief Minister, Dr. Manik Saha and Rajib Bhattacharjee on Tuesday held a meeting with the Ministers of the State Government and BJP leaders to discuss issues related to preparations to welcome JP Nadda.
HANM has demanded that the District authorities through the DSC should take the necessary action to invite applications immediately for the test and interview.
The 2023 election will be interesting due to the political turmoil in the past three years.
Some Khasi said that this is the first time they have arrived in Delhi and they said that they cannot even breathe because the air is too bad.
Shillong: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) has urged the Meghalaya government not to pass the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation Act 1873 or the Inner Line Permit (ILP) to ban the illegal immigration. illegal entry and citizenship of foreigners in the state.
Jowai, June 7: The residents of Nongbareh Lyntiar village under the leadership of Rangbah Shnong Lah Lamin Daloi have been able to revive the Rongkusi dance which is one of the traditional dances in this village.
I don't want to say many words but I want to say a little briefly about this article about the Assam border crossing in Meghalaya.
The Executive Engineer of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) said that the office has also received information regarding the payment of electricity bills installed on the High Mast at Motphran. It remains to be seen whether this has been handed over to the Municipal.
She said that the Government will not soon increase the Radiology department at Jowai Civil Hospital.
The match between the two teams was very friendly and at the end of the first half both teams failed to score.
He said the tourism industry will also employ about 50,000 people while CM-Elevate will produce more than 50,000 vehicles and IT will create 20,000 jobs.
This incident happened after the Seng expressed its deep concern after receiving complaints from the residents of Nongjri and Tishang area regarding the increasing infiltration of Bangladeshis into the area. Nongjri Tishang Pungdiengïong to smuggle siej, kwai and other agricultural products and to smuggle trees and other agricultural products. The riang in these areas besides the threat to the farmers.
The Thma U Rangli Juki (TUR) also condemned the incident and said that the incident was not only against Agnes but also against the RTI leader Pynpoihun Majaw. he died.
Shortly after, it was learned that the reason for the ban was after receiving a letter from the office of the Divisional Officer of Forest (T) Jaintia Hills Division to the Range Forest Officer. (T) to Passadwar Range.
He also protected the blood.
The 12th November 2016 will therefore be a working day, according to a Government statement.
Shillong, June 12: The Seng Khihlang Tournament will be held from 17th to 19th June at Laitarted Village, Hima Nongkhlaw.
The Lord has given us a sense of humor; you think- world.
The fire broke out at 3:30-4 pm during the rain and heavy wind in the village.
Talking to the people of the border area, it is understood that they are facing a lot of problems in transportation and especially they have faced rocks in getting their produce to the market places, as we all know that this area is a producer of agricultural products such as kwai, tympew, soh, synsar and other agricultural products. It also affects the income of the people of the area.
Robert said that according to the customs and traditions, if people who are married want to give Khasi jait to their children, they have to adopt a new jait.
For Meghalaya, we see that the Khasi and English languages ​​are doing well and we have to honor the Khasi lovers, who have been intellectuals, to build society, through the heart. Furthermore, we should also honor many English writers, who have brought us together, from the ability to compete with the world in many fields and our Khasi, has reached the ends of the world. , because he speaks the language of the world, English and they are also the carriers of the culture of the nation to different countries of the world.
He said that this collaboration between these two systems of medicine will benefit Meghalaya which has more than 3000 medicinal herbs and plants and also has many Khasi doctors.
So we understand that these people are illegally living.
In the hands of the rich and famous, Through the victory of the war without bloodshed;
How has the government decided that the children from pre/primary to upper primary (up to class viii) will remain closed until now? They are detained in the same class.
The meeting also appointed three Conveners of the Youth Wing of the UDP including Eleazer C. Dkhar, Dawan Lyngdoh (MDC) and Medalin Swer.
Nongpoh, Naitung 10: The District Magistrate of Ri-Bhoi District, has imposed section 144 CrPC for two nights, on the 11th and 12th of this month, to prevent the spread of the disease. traffic of vehicles and the public.
The Bangladeshis told police that they had tried to go to Bengaluru in search of work.
Shillong: Seven new cases of covid-19 (COVID-19) have been confirmed in West Jaintia Hills and one in Ribhoi District.
For more information please call: 8974574166/ 6909415590/ 8794621644/
One of the five persons arrested by the police is Charles D Shira, 25, of Dalbot, WKH. Four others include Daniel M Sangma, 26, of Rongkhugre, WKH, who surrendered to the police in Shillong in 2014 with an AK rifle. Juningbirth M Sangma, 22, of Suangiri WKH, Rajesh Sangma, 24, of Dalbot A WKH, and Apseng G Momin of Dalbot A. Bike, 2 mobile phones, pass book and 18000 tyngka.
“This is not the first time for this newspaper, once again they have not done their homework,” said Conrad.
In the 2nd Division, Rangshangkham SC beat Kyrphei SC 2-1. Dibansing L Nonglait scored the second goal for Rangshangkham SC in the 3rd minute. Nonglait scored the first goal for Kyrphei SC in the 33rd minute while Sistarlang Rynjah scored the second goal for Kyrphei SC in the 37th minute.
The order issued by the Chief Justice (Acting) HS Thangkhiew said, “Regarding the order in Sl.
FKJGP President Chandra Nongdkhar said that the FKJGP strongly condemns the incident.
However, after the Seng has encouraged through various trainings by teaching how to convert this plant into various foods that can be sold at a reasonable price, so far 46 households have started cultivating. enough for this plant.
In this regard, the support of the Government is needed to assist this area so that the Red Cross can once again provide the best services to the people in its three divisions. be in health, employment and public relations.
Women who have succeeded in their own fields and to encourage young women who are standing on their own feet were also photographed.
According to Mark, Jesus began preaching the Gospel after he had been hungry for forty days in the wilderness.
The man died while undergoing treatment at Nazareth Hospital at 10.30 pm, according to John Kharshiing, brother of the man.
Meghalaya has always had women who are skilled in khadar administration since ancient times.
Nongpoh, Ïaiong 23: To preserve the traditional medicine and the provision of traditional medicine for various diseases as provided by God, the State Government through the Planning Department in collaboration with the traditional healers has The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has decided to open a Meghalaya Bio-Resources Development Center at Pahamsyiem Village in Ri Bhoi District.
There is also a free place at the National Games Village.
Enjoy the Schedule Tribe status all year round.
If you don't believe in the Dkhar, how can you stop the presence of the Dkhar here in Khasi? They don't have to wait until the government says.
Speaking as the chief guest, Gerhard Albert congratulated the Jaintia Hills Development Society, the School Managing Committee, the teachers and all those involved in the construction of the school.
Let us renew our electoral system so that we can get a new government that will remove all the failures of the previous governments and that will be able to work according to our wishes and we will see the growth of the country. father, peace and harmony in our society.
The College was established by the KJP Western Synod in collaboration with the Synod College, Shillong.
Especially since the month of November, as the soh saw harvesting season has started and sohsaw farmers have to transport sohsaw by Mahindra pickups to deliver around the markets in the state and to Assam, they are suffering because of the high transportation cost. due to the poor condition of the road.
It is worth mentioning that the eviction of the Harijans from their current location in Them ïew Mawlong has been a long process, as the plan to evict them started in 2018, when there was a strong protest in city ​​of Shillong.
In South West Garo Hills, there are 3 high risk cases and in North Garo Hills, there is 1 case.
Matthew 6:33-34.
Most of the people who come to watch the festival are young people who still enjoy dancing and partying.
Shillong, July 1: U Bah John Kharshiing, Adviser of the Kharshiing Kur, has written to the Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, regarding the change of names of two foreigners, through an affidavit dated 30th November , in which they changed their names from Mithun Chanda and Mintu Chan to Aiban Kharshiing and Vicky Kharshiing.
These three were identified as Shem Langstang, Tharki Langstang and Hiarki Langstang.
Pangñiang said that the Langpih sector is a good place to resolve.
The decision of the Central Government(Govt.
They should not blame Hynniewtrep but their own leaders, whom they themselves have elected by their own free will.
The people of Ri Khasi Jaintia have now started to turn to the HSPDP, after they have faced many insults in the present government, whether on the border, they have not been able to resolve until The government has banned the marketing of coal, shyiap, timber and others, which has brought the residents of the state into turmoil, because the leaders in the “The authorities don't have the responsibility to create special areas so that the people don't die in poverty like what is happening in the state,” said Bah Ardent.
The Solicitor General of India, Tushar Mehta, who represented the Meghalaya government, said that the MoU was to resolve the six land disputes. years and it is a decision taken by the authorities in charge.
From the east side of this stone, only young men with strong bodies can climb the ranab.
Besides this, Tarni Kumar Tiu, DIG, BSF Sector Headquarters Shillong and Ratikant Thakur, Commanding Officer, 43Bn BSF distributed various items such as solar power appliances, shatri. , plastic chairs, tables, sports equipment and others to the students and villages in need in Rongra, Chirangri, Seemakona and Dambukaphal.
“We know that Karnataka is a strong team with talented players who have played from various clubs and reserve teams of the ISL. But we are not afraid.
He also congratulated the office bearers of the Sport Club for being able to organize such tournaments.
While other developed countries in the world have declined in the number of employees, India has begun to become another country, with 64 employees. per cent of the population at the end of 2022.
Lajong will play against GTC on 28th June in Guwahati.
And we can read these accounts at 2 Kings 4:38-41 and Ezekiel 37:3-1
Everyone in Parliament praised Narendra Modi for his quickness to help in the sudden incident. Singh was one of those who praised Modi. “I should have known my duty, but it was he who informed me,” said Singh in the House while praising Modi.
Referring to the discussion on the opening of the Science Laboratory under the Karnataka Model School Guidance, as well as new schools at Konanakere village in Shillong, the Minister said that through the Karnataka Model School Guidance, 151 classrooms have been built in his Assembly constituency, and in the next three years, the government plans to build another 500 classrooms. class in the area.
Shillong: The death today is confirmed by Sherlina Hynniewta, 38, of Mawphlang, East Khasi Hills, and Tiewmeris Mawthoh, 67, of Umpling. , died at the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
The NIOS has requested that as the curfew will affect the students who are taking these examinations, it has requested to lift the curfew to allow the students to write the examinations. they.
But one thing I want to say is, 'Practice as you preach'
(Dr.) B.D.Mishra (Retd.), Governor of Arunachal Pradesh, to conduct the affairs of the Governor of Meghalaya from the date of his appointment as Governor of the State Meghalaya has not yet been resolved.
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in his Independence Day speech, expressed the government's commitment to promote the empowerment of women in the country. other.
Shillong, July 6: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has strongly opposed the announcement of the Atomic Minerals Directorate (AMD) for the mining of uranium in the South West Khasi Hills.
In the evening they began the ceremony with the tied ksing.
The reason for the decline in tourism is due to the poor condition of the road, according to the residents of the area.
The HYC said that the findings of the investigation are clear that the members of Tactical Team-I were the cause of the death of Bah Cherist and therefore an investigation should be conducted and punishment should be imposed. to those who are involved in this crime according to the law.
“We were scared and shocked when they came inside, because they were carrying firearms to demand money from the manager.
And he causeth all that worship not the beast to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads:
“They have informed us since yesterday that the body was found from the east, but we have not stopped the search because those who found it said that it was the body of a man...an elderly man. “When they found the body, they said it was a woman,” said the son of the young woman.
It is right to strongly demand the repeal of the CAA as it is unfair and violates human rights.
Shillong, Jymmang 12 : Nine candidates for the MLA election from Mawlai constituency on Saturday expressed their views to the Mawlai constituency. The Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Iewrynghep has held a public election campaign rally at the ground floor of Mawlai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Iewrynghep.
S. Suchen, Vice President, Satly Ryngkhlem, Secretary, KS Suchaing, Finance Secretary, Shaniahskhem Dkhar, and other members of the party.
The funeral service of Meirad Melrose Challam will be held on 25.03.2020 at 2 pm at the Presbyterian Church Jowai.
Shillong, July 23 : U Ferdinus Marbaniang has been sentenced to life imprisonment under the POCSO Act. He was sentenced to 5 years and 3 months in prison and fined 3,000 tyngka for raping a 14-year-old girl.
The Jaintia National Council (JNC) has met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Sniawbhalang Dhar and submitted a letter urging the search for experts to conduct a thorough investigation into the issue. history of the areas involved in the dispute between Meghalaya and Assam to find out the facts.
“As part of protecting ourselves and the state of Meghalaya as a whole, I urge the youth of the state to stay in their current places and after 30th June 2020 the Meghalaya government will think of a way to come. take it into the state," he added.
On the other hand, John Fisher Nongsiang urged the Election Commission to take action and punish such a person who has registered to vote in both Assam and Meghalaya. He also urged the Meghalaya government and its authorities to arrest immediately this person who caused trouble so that such incidents will not happen again in the future.
Nongfloot 10.
“It is easy to talk about the number of teachers because every day schools come out from time to time to talk about the request for assistance from the government and what is being done. The Cabinet has already decided that it is the best.
The foundation stone will be laid on the 18th and from that date it will operate from the dorbar hall until it gets its own office building.
Among the MLAs from Ri Khasi Jaintia in the current Legislative Assembly, the UDP has the highest number of MLAs and the NPP has the second largest number of MLAs. In the MLA elections this year, the NPP received 31.49% while the UDP received 16.21%.
S.Deb, who is the lawyer of the three, said that Labenn, Balkarin and Bernita had nothing to do with the incident although they were present at the scene. 24 May.
The letter said that the people who came to meet the first meeting were those who did not claim to be members of the Hindu Jagran Manch, but they had to meet the vice principal because the principal was not present. to hold Sarawati Puja inside the school.
At the same time, the Minister said that Assam has also shown its own map and it is for this reason that there will be a land dispute between the two states.
In this regard, he said that the Congress party in Assam has been severely affected after party leader Rana Goswami sent his resignation letter as the party chief in Upper Assam.
The Forum has demanded compensation for the owners of vehicles and those injured, and has urged the employees in all villages to put up signals for vehicles to drive smoothly. side to avoid accidents.
The Nongstoin Youth Welfare Organization (NYWO), which is also the sponsoring body of Nongstoin College, on Tuesday renewed its office bearers. Bah JK Dewsaw, who has held the post of President for 30 years, has handed over the post to Dr. Lumbor Mawsor as the new President of the Sponsoring Body of the College.
The JSU has decided to convene a meeting to take the voice of the people and to demand from the government to immediately remove the garbage from Iawmusiang, Iawthymme.
In this age of technology, it has stolen the working hours of the employees when distributing salaries in this way. Many of the departments have to stand in line not only in government offices, but also in private offices. Companies also pay salaries by depositing money into the accounts of their employees, and perhaps if the Home Guard department pays salaries by depositing into their accounts it will not steal their working hours and vice versa. it will not cause trouble to the public.
After finding the body and parts of the Umïam Pond, the police together with the relatives took the body to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh and brought it back to Shillong for post mortem.
Shillong: The number of new cases of coronavirus in East Khasi Hills has risen to 124, according to the Director of Health Services (MI). Hills, there are 100 cases and 92 of them are civilians.
Therefore, this article will focus only on part of Thomas Jones' experience in the fight against corruption.
Another woman said that she was fired by the authorities after working for years without knowing the reason and they did not even release her EPF when she applied.
Shillong, July 20 : The Sohiong Block Congress Committee will hold a public meeting on the 25th of this month at Mawmaram from 10.00 am to elect the renewal of the office bearers of the Block.
It will get worse if you don't clean them quickly.
“I asked her whether she really did it or not, but she said she didn't,” said Kyrmen. “If anyone does anything illegal, I strongly condemn and the law should punish. have a room'
A case has been registered at Lumshnong Police Station and the search for the suspects is ongoing.
The Internet and Mobile Association of India (IAMAI) has issued a Voluntary Code of Ethics for all participating social media platforms to ensure the orderly and ethical use of their platforms. to maintain the sanctity of the Lok Sabha elections
Do you know that the law enforcement agencies summon members of the Dorbar who support the government's objectives? Go ahead Panaliar, arrest the robbers and robbers, but take them to the law enforcement authorities to take the necessary action, by informing the public to support, against this crime that has been won by the robbers. fighters who fight in a clean way on principles and who have sufficient knowledge and a spirit of service.
The Police Department has donated equipment to 22 children at NEIMA and 9 children at Convent.
Nongpoh, Lber 25: The Ri Bhoi Youth Welfare Organization (RIO) today demanded that the district authorities of Ri Bhoi District should turn their attention to the food providers in the MP election. bam you are outside the District.
They said that these days even from remote areas like Langpih, Riangdo and other places, the price of synsar is very good and this is a source of income for the farmers from Langpih, Riangdo and other places. These are the rural areas of this District.
The KSU said that this shows that there is a lack of understanding from the NEEPCO officials who want to take over the job.
The 1st Division Football League (EJHDFA) started with a 3-0 win over Tpep Swer while Sutnga Mission beat Musniang 3-0 The match ended with a 2-2 draw at Moolamanoh Stadium on Tuesday.
therefore, if thou wilt worship before me, all shall be thine.
The Wildlife Division has immediately taken these people to Jowai.
Shillong, June 20: Leaders of the Union of Village Authorities of four villages including Madan Mawkhar, Umrynjah, Umphrew, Nongkohlew and Mawsiatkhnam on Tuesday in the presence of MDC Mawlai Constituency u Teiborlang Pathaw informed the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is also in charge of the PWD (Roads) department, about the excessive deterioration of the road from Lummawsing, Mawtawar to Mawsiatkhnam.
Modi has preached the Hindi slogan 'sabka saath sabka vikas saka prayas sabka vishwas' which means the benefit of all with confidence and the BJP does not use the poor just to benefit during elections as the Congress party has done. “Instead of the Congress leader spending time spreading false news, he should stand up for the poor to win the elections,” said the BJP leader. He has done many things as a leader from Shillong Constituency instead of promoting other parties just for his own benefit in the upcoming MP elections.
The tournament was also enriched by the performances of Samla Endo Dhar and DJ Young and other dances and performances by the students of the city. Guwahati.
However, let us note that the words of this song are taken from Psalm 137:1-6
The first Sunday of May is celebrated as CHRISTIAN HOME SUNDAY.
This overloading can cause problems, that if these vehicles stop suddenly, stones, can fall from these trucks and injure people or vehicles following them.
On Tuesday, Hamas released two Americans, Judith Tai Ranaan and her daughter Natalie, where they were able to be with their family members and talk to them through you called Joe Biden.
Mawlai SC continued to play strongly without allowing Ryntih to score and took a 2-0 lead at the end of the first half.
The Meghalaya Trinamool Congress (TMC) has announced that Sofior Rahman, Mostopha Kabir, Abdul Joli Sheikh and 40 former members of other political parties have come to join the party. TMC MLA from Rangsakona Constituency Zenith M Sangma, TMC State President Selma D Shira, TMC State General Secretary Mukul Das and other senior leaders of the party. The TMC in West Garo Hills Tura, has welcomed the new members.
Rachel, then, covered the injured hand of one of the soldiers and tried to console him, so that he would cool down his anger and then, she told the others, that they are more calm.
He said that on the complaint filed by the Hima against the state government, the All Dimasa Students Union, the three District Councils, including the Labor Association Siejlieh, the State Coordination Committee have filed a complaint against the state government. They also tried to appear in court, but the Supreme Court said they would decide to issue an interim order or a temporary order to release the remaining coal.
He said that so far no political party has promised and set goals to do for the state has won, and there are parties and candidates who have not even come to the discussion on the election platform.
Nongstoin, June 8: The Meghalaya Youth Federation (MYF) under the leadership of Bah Hamar Lyngkhoi, President and Samla Pliebok Hoojon, President of Nongstoin Circle, on Tuesday met with the District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO) of Nongstoin Circle. West Khasi Hills, to seek clarification on the delay in the opening of the Maternity & Child Hospital, which will provide special treatment for pregnant women and children.
When Publicity Secretary Samla Riki Mukhim arrived at the Police Station after a meeting with the OC, Mukhim said that if any Bangladeshis are found from the day labourers, fish vendors and Bangladeshi owners. illegal trade without proper documents The organization will act in accordance with the rules of law so that it will serve as a punishment and warning to those who violate the law.
Momen's remarks came after Shah said during the election campaign in West Bengal that if the BJP comes to power in the state, it will completely block the elections. They are from Bangladesh.
The Chairman also persuaded people to join the NLCN and promised to receive training, purchase firearms and involve in looting.
He expressed his hope that this problem can be resolved immediately to alleviate the problem of garbage dumping in Jowai.
He said the Supreme Court has accepted the PILs and has already sent a notice to the CM to respond to them in the short term
“As we have received information five days ago Bah Che was threatened with death by Herman Pakyntein, what is happening now is that SHNLC members like Herman Pakyntein, Treng Saw have joined hands with the Police to take the life of Bah Che. Mr. Che.
He also promised that the Congress will also promote sportsmen, especially those from low income families by providing a financial assistance of T.10,000 per annum.
Through this statement, the party strongly warns all those who are allowed to enter the state illegally without proper documents. If found guilty, the party will take strong action.
There was also a question from the Sengbhalang leaders on the arrest of these members, during the meeting, in which the Prime Minister replied that he will order them to decide on the trial of those who have been arrested. , on different terms.
He said the reason why the government has postponed the GHADC elections is exactly because of the peace agreement between the two Garo rebel groups, the ANVC and ANVC-B and the postponement of the elections. , is because the government still has to get more MDC seats from 30 to 35 or 40 MDC seats, which is not clear whether it is possible or not. it still takes time however.
“The government should think about this and make proper plans to expand the market,” said Bah Passah and added that KHNAM will meet with the vendors to discuss this issue.
According to the complaint lodged by the woman and her husband, on the 4th of this month, the police of Dudhnoi Police Station summoned her and her husband to the police station.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: Thousands of people from all over the Khasi Hills have paid tribute to Father Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh today in Shillong.
There are 18 independent candidates in total.
After beating Gokulam Kerala FC in the recent match, Lajong FC are now ready to face Delhi FC who have already won two matches and drawn once and lost once and have scored seven points from four games.
The state has used the power of technology to track and monitor many indicators related to the health and development of the state.
Therefore, I have decided to leave the party congress but at this time we have no reason to leave the UDP, and the opinion of the people about Bah Mayral is not true. I don't know why, but I think it's because until now I haven't seen any sign of him saying anything to join that party and all this is just the opinion of the people and we can't stop that opinion. “The most important thing is that we should be strong as leaders to stay in the UDP party,” he added.
New Delhi: The increase in the number of cases of headache has increased significantly in these days, especially among those who have been infected with covid 19 and this increase is almost all those who have been infected with covid 19.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that 47 people have tested positive for the virus out of which 8 are high risk contacts and 2 are high risk contacts. People who attended the wedding ceremony held at Greenwood Resort Khanapara, Guwahati.
He said that the state government during his tenure has passed a law to ensure that there is responsibility between the state government and the central government but looking at the current situation, it shows that the government does not have responsibility.
The meeting was attended by Bah PB War Nongbri, Asst Director, DSYA and others.
“This decision of the court shows that it knows exactly that there is a tax evasion of billions of rupees,” he said.
Swimming pools used for training of athletes are allowed to be opened and the SOP on this will be issued by the Ministry of Youth Affairs & Sports (MoYA&S).
The central theme of this year's Chad Sukra is “The time has changed and changed, Whoever knows the truth”
Jowai, Nailar 11: The employees of the Jowai Municipal Corporation (JMC) have stopped working from today.
Dr Donkupar died suddenly on Tuesday at Medanta Hospital, Gurgaon, Haryana after undergoing treatment for a long time.
Apart from rymbai and dohsyiar, rajma is known to be rich in protein and is rich in these nutrients.
All of us the residents know that this river is the nearest and most important river for us in terms of its services especially during the rainy season which is the time of drought which has caused water shortage. terrific.
The work cost T.42,000 and was allocated under the MDC Scheme 2009-10, Dkhar said.
According to reports, the investigation into the outbreak and onset of Covid-19 in the past three years is ongoing. Christopher Wray said the outbreak of Covid-19 from the beginning was due to a mistaken escape from a laboratory in Wuhan, China.
They also have the opportunity to appoint a Grade IV employee.
The former leaders of the MBCC have made it clear to reporters that they will stand firm on their position to follow the path that Bah Pynshngaiñ will lead them.
The donation was led by FKJGP President Jimy Phalangki in the presence of FKJGP Assistant Information Secretary Arwot Myria who is also the Advisor of the Nartiang Area Unit and General Secretary Samla Wednesday Dkhar.
According to sources, the robbers, who are suspected to be from the village, in collaboration with some other people from outside the village to provide vehicles, took the cows from the village. village near MMR road known as Ampuhnow to transport these cows by car.
Others arrested from Mawlai Mawroh are Shanborlang Kshiar (30), David Ryngki (23), three persons from Mawlai Iewrynghep, Wanlambok Wansai (21), Smallingstar Nongsian (24). Steeleborn Khonglam (22 years old).
The Anna Seva was held in Udaipur, where she was born to Anand Piramal, on 8th and 9th November
They said that tomorrow, the 16th day of the President's visit, they will have to close their shops until the President leaves the state.
During the meeting, the Deputy Commissioner promised to direct the Executive Engineer of PWD Nongstoiñ to do the work as soon as possible for the benefit of the people of the area.
The AIVF demands that instead of pylleng, the government should provide vitamin-rich jhur in the lunch meals of school children.
In a statement, the SP of East Jaintia Hills District said that the Maruti 800 vehicle of these foreigners who had illegally entered the state was stopped at the Umtyrnga Infiltration Check Point. these foreigners have fled from this place.
Shillong, July 16 : East Khasi Hills has taken the lead in the medal tally at the Meghalaya Games
Youths living in East Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi Districts have to report to the District Training Centre, Mawdiangdiang, Shillong.
There are hundreds of people who are staying in hospitals and who are trying to break the chain of illness because they have understood how much physical and mental suffering is not only for themselves, but also for their loved ones. their.
Safety of residents: To provide drinking water to every household.
“In our lives, we know and learn from our mothers,” he said.
However, another surprising thing is that in the midst of this cleanliness, there are many places, where telephone signs, TV signs and mobile signs have been broken and hidden without any light. the deterioration of these villages.
Titos said that the loss of land in the border areas of Meghalaya and Assam is due to the fact that some village leaders steal land to non-Khasis and even to the residents of Meghalaya. the state of Assam.
“We are in government but we don't have the number of MLAs and it is difficult to achieve the aspirations of the people,” he said. This time, we will win many MLAs in 2023 and hopefully the people will vote for the UDP. ".
Mancini reportedly left on Tuesday to take part in his introduction programme.
Besides the leaders of the Seng Khasi, Justice HS Thangkhiew, Judge of the Meghalaya High Court, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa' CEM of KHADC, Adelbert Nongrum MLA North Shillong, Matsiewdor War Nongbri, leaders of political parties and others.
Momin also questioned Dr Mukul Sangma by saying that according to his information, the social demarcation agreement is based on the map drawn in 2011 when Dr. Mukul Sangma. Sangma is still the Prime Minister, and these villages are on the line of the map.
East Khasi Hills DC Sanjay Goyal has threatened to hold an office blockade tomorrow to force the government to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
The NIA has conducted raids in Jammu & Kashmir with the aim of detecting new insurgent groups such as the Resistance Front (TRF), United Liberation Front Jammu & Kashmir (UL J&K), Mujahideen Gazwat -ul-Hind (MGH), Jammu & Kashmir Freedom Fighters (JKFF), Kashmir Tigers, PAAF and many others.
The Development Commissioner and Principal Secretary, Health and Family Welfare, Sampath Kumar, spoke about the MSCEA, a new policy and initiative that has brought many benefits.
The residence was also used for dignitaries.
ter-ly-ter: the one who cannot speak or the one who has passed the distance.
“The question is whether we as the Legislature can oppose or pass the Resolution without knowing what is in the UCC Bill.
Earlier, the President of the VPP, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, said that the VPP MLAs will not go to deliver the letter, but they will go. by the officers of the organization.
Rina Hajong, Headmistress cum Secretary, Tangabari Govt.
The Government has taken steps to ensure that the residents of the state have access to adequate and clean drinking water.
“We have discussed the issue of corruption and we are deeply concerned about the ease of punishing those involved in the insult to teachers,” said Bah Lanong.
This is a serious matter, so, please, don't talk nonsense".
In this regard, the Police Department has directed the Garo Police Chiefs to monitor the movement and activities of the GNLA members who have been arrested. to sponsors and donors, investors in their respective areas.
Look, even now, when the disease is not over, they have not taken advantage of it.
Khyndailad has opened, other markets near the market have opened, but the market has not yet opened and there are many who wonder how the largest market in Ri Khasi Jaintia has not opened. .
“Bah HDR Lyngdoh, who is not a child, also won from the HSPDP before joining the Congress party, the party played a major role in Sohiong,” he said.
The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) led by the President of the Republic of Bhutan (RBYF) has visited Shillong to encourage the team to take part in the State Level Inter School Subroto Football Tournament in Shillong. , Bah Bipul Thangkhiew donated a tracksuit and a cash prize of T.20,000 to the team to take part in the State Level Inter School Subroto Cup. in Shillong.
The walk was not only for the prize money but also for the test of the participants themselves how much they have the spirit to do and endure the time. jrem to complete the journey which they did not know how it would be and when they would reach the end.
There are seedbeds that can plant up to 100 seedlings at a time; however, such machines are usually operated by a tractor.
Nature, like humans, needs to rest and must be given a chance to revive itself.
“We hope that the preparations for peace should proceed as quickly as possible and move forward, in order to reach a final decision, that we can bring about peace and stability in the state,” said the statement.
They also spoke on the importance of eating healthy foods to maintain a healthy body through the Poshan Abhiyan scheme which has been allocated by the CM for children and women as well.
Besides the night curfew, the order from the DC's office of EKH has also clarified that the entry and exit of people from one state to another has been banned and the shops that will open will be only a few shops recognized by the government. to open only at the times specified by the district authority.
Besides, they said that in fact, if the Minister says so, he should explain why he cannot give plastic playground to West Khasi Hills.
The Socio Economic and Caste Census was conducted by the Government of India under the supervision of the C&RD Department of the State and was conducted by the Indian Telephone Industries (ITI). ).
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Kharkrang said that they were involved in the murder in the village two years ago.
Shillong: The BJP today announced two more candidates, Banbuhai Makdoh from Mawhati and Field Marshal Mawphniang from Umroi Constituency.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Monday set up its new executive unit known as the KSU Thadlaskein Unit.
“I just went to greet him as a friend, I talked about his health, the situation at home, it was just a special greeting to my old friend,” said Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
Shillong, March 2: In the month of April and April this year alone, 203 cases have been arrested by the State Police. public places.
Education secretary: Chiborlang Passah Agriculture secretary: Pyndapbor Sumer.
In addition, the Minister said that the NEC has not yet approved the proposal for the Turmeric Mission.
Because many of those who have learned now, there are many explanations to explain themselves like those blind men of ancient Hindustan who explained and explained about the elephant.
“The process of purchasing land has started and I am sure it will be completed soon and the tender will be called,” said Prestone.
Many have had to leave their teaching jobs and pursue election-related jobs.
“After we have given an explanation to make everyone aware, this part will become clear.
From 6th June 2022, the fare will be increased from Rs.250 to Rs.200 tyngka.
Therefore, the burial of the Hima Rules as they were in the past, refers to the burial of the traditional rule which is no longer in accordance with the Pyrdaiñ Synshar Paidbah of today.
For more information, please visit the Agnipathvayu website.
In the cruiserweight category of 80-86kg, Jugnoo won.
He also promised that as an MLA and other MLAs, they will speak in the Legislative Assembly for the development of this area.
Chairman of JMB Lasooki Lakiang said that JMB has various schemes to help the residents of Jowai and at present JMB has a toilet construction scheme which has cost 12,000 tyngka per household and urged to take advantage of it. this scheme.
Speaking to Mawphor, Bah Adelbert said that his resignation was a demand of the job and not because of greed and selfishness.
MSSASA, West Khasi Hills District expresses its regret that the Government has brought about the racial discrimination that other districts in the same state have paid salaries until November 2015 while the teachers under the supervision of the DMC, You will be able to stoin until March,
O son of the land Tipbriew – Tipblei, Once again let us stand;
They said that the cause of the accident was due to the reckless driving of the driver of the Tata Mobile, who drove too fast without thinking even in the area where the school children were walking. until it caused the accident and serious injuries to the student especially in the legs and arms.
"He also showed how to start selling goods online and how to register to start selling online.
We welcome him as our Representative to the House of the People of India.
The visit was conducted by the Chairman of the Council, Pyniaid Sing Syiem, the Chairman of the Council, Lamphrang Blah and the EM in charge of Arts and Culture, Bah Victor Ranee. the heads of the Mawphlang Hima and the heads of the state government.
UDP Garo Hills Secretary Utzol Sangma said, “The party has decided to contest from South Tura and the candidate who will be announced will surprise many because he is famous and has hope to win the election. objective".
According to information received, the BJP will contest all four candidates from these constituencies and some have already gone ahead to gather the people for the election.
Pakyntein said that the market price of these kombor in Shillong is only T.150 tyngka each while the cash memo shows that it is T.375 tyngka each.
Weiloi FC scored another goal through Henry Marboh in the 51st minute and Mawkynroh FC couldn't turn the tide until the end. Weiloi FC won the title.
This also means 77% in Singapore.
The Women's Day was held at Holly Cross Higher Secondary School, Umkiang by the BSG 172 Bn.
We cannot blame anyone for climate change and global warming because it is mankind's own destruction of the environment.
Regarding the incident, Bah Albert Kylla, Rangbah Shnong of Umsning Patarim, said that the village is deeply saddened by the incident. The cleanliness of the village and besides that which can also affect the health of the residents of Patarim.
However, the Deputy Chief Executive Member, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, said that the sudden departure of the members was not appropriate as he had already explained in detail on the issues they brought to the meeting.
She said that the MLA of the area (Sailo) on Sunday visited these villages and distributed relief items to the residents of the area.
The MLA alleged that more than 1000 trucks carrying excessive loads have passed through the Mahendraganj Port and many of these trucks have received a transit pass of 12 metric tonnes but have carried 30-40 metric tonnes. metric tons of rock.
Mawrie said the leaders from Delhi are turning their attention to Meghalaya and are looking to select the candidates who will win this election.
He said that in the past 15 years, the revenue of the State has increased from T.45 thousand crore to T.56 thousand crore due to the need to strengthen employment and expenditure. has strengthened the book.
Tobacco consumption kills about 8000 people in the state every year and through this goal of World No Tobacco Day (WNTD) 2023, two areas of awareness will be addressed. against tobacco by conducting a public march against tobacco and another by conducting a signature campaign against tobacco.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Students Union (RBSU) Sengkmie has demanded that the government and the district authorities of Ri Bhoi District should take action against the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI). This is to urge them to clean up and repair as soon as possible those damaged areas under the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi, which has been affected by the landslides in many places.
Shillong, March 30 : U Conrad K Sangma, President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today spoke in Khasi at a rally in Jongksha to announce the candidacy of Bah Kansing Lyngshiang. Mawkynrew party will contest the 2023 MLA elections.
Police immediately conducted an investigation and arrested Meban and Sambuun.
Sanjay Mahato, from Jhargram district in West Bengal, has gifted his wife a 10-acre plot of land worth Rs 10,000 per month as a birthday gift. long, that he should fulfill his promise from the time he was young with her, that he would bring the moon before her.
Apart from tryptophan, glycine, glutamine and theanine are other types of amino acids that help you sleep well.
Jowai, Nailur 22: The management of the Food Corporation of India (FCI), Jowai today held a showcase for the the management of the work of this department according to the present time.
The public meeting was conducted by Bah M.Marwein Sordar of Pyndengrei Village and other speakers at the meeting included Babu Jenes Synshiang Deputy Sorbar, R.Wanniang Asst Pastor of Full Gospel Church. Chief Minister, JTS Thongni, EC member of Siejlieh, former MDC G. Wahlang, BS Kharlor, elders of the area and others who spoke on the same topic.
The body was taken to the Civil Hospital, Jowai for post mortem and handed over to the family members.
“When the war starts, we will see how the MLAs behave.
Shillong, July 12: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) will hold its General Executive Council (GEC) tomorrow, 13th July 2017 at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall (Mawkhar) at 11 am.
They were sentenced to death for speaking against the Koran and the Prophet Mohammed and were thus hanged in prison in Arak.
“I have already sent my resignation letter and that letter I have sent is still valid and I don't change the decision I have already taken,” said Kong Roshan. requested by the prime minister to reconsider the decision.
It is indeed a sad history for the Jews not only were they once slaves in a foreign land but they were also killed and persecuted, and this was because of their rejection of the living God the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob.
“I have been able to raise the issue of extension of the age limit in the Assembly and I have also been able to achieve this and many issues that need to be discussed for the state and the nation as a whole whether it is the border, the reservation policy and many other issues that we VPP need to do and I am confident that the people not only from North Shillong but from other constituencies,” he said.
This day represents 7 years when the goods are divided into 3 and a half years, 3 and a half years and during this time there will be a false covenant with the false Christ which is said in Isaiah “We have made a covenant with death and hell have we agreed ...... and death shall be swallowed up" Isaiah 28:15-1
Speaking to media, Prestone said the reason for the ban on slaughtering or eating pigs is because in the past few months up to 15 pigs have died and This is suspected to be African Swine Fever.
The view taught by MS Golwalkar that Muslims, Christians and Communists (in his book 'Bunch of Thoughts') are the three threats to the country still exists today.
The union expects that this order of the state government to control the price of food items in the market should be implemented even after the end of the lockdown.
During the protest, the protesters started throwing stones at the DC office and burning the vehicles in the ground floor of the office.
Look at Laitlum as well.
The Union is not the responsibility of one person but the responsibility of all the student unions and should not be taken over by one member alone, said the statement sent by the Cultural Secretary of the Union.
The bridge, which was covered with wood, collapsed and broke in half. It is estimated that the incident happened at 2 or 3 pm.
On the 4th of July, there was an Internet outage in Garo Hills at 4.00 pm and BSNL has tried to restore the Internet.
He said that he and his colleagues have elected the NPP which is the biggest party and its President is Conrad K Sangma who can be there at any time. “Whether it is in Shillong or Tura, we are happy to talk to him. He can come at any time,” said Prestone Tynsong.
Chyne said that during the meeting, the implementation of various schemes implemented by the District Council was discussed.
Speaking to media, HNYM President Louis Dohtdong said that the HNYM has sent a final letter to the District Council to abolish the Garo Rangbah Shnongs.
“And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, The feasts of the LORD, which ye shall proclaim to be holy convocations, even these are my feasts.
“I am pleased to announce the welfare grant of T.1 crore to NEPA. I am also pleased to announce that another T.1 crore has been allocated for the training of NEPA police. Rijiju said while speaking at the 40th Basic Course of NEPA in Umiam on Saturday.
Man and animal can live for a while, without food or drink, but they cannot live without the oxygen in the atmosphere.
The Governor of Meghalaya said that this celebration will bring lasting peace, love for others and peace in the state as a whole. state.
These are the types of jobs in the 21st century but those who work for themselves have to pay.
It has definitely improved the services to the users by being able to provide quick assistance in case of any problems, reduce the wear and tear on the vehicles, and improve the efficiency of these vehicles.
The meeting was convened by the Executive Member (EM), Bah Teiborlang Pathaw in charge of Land and Building Department of KHADC in the presence of Dy CEM, Bah Pynshngaiñlang N Syiem and officers at Hotel Pinewood.
Ms Aidiana said that AMDA includes from traditional dances to chronological dances.
In Ri Bhoi, there are 2 cases, one of which is a high risk contact and one is a foreigner.
Balsan's relatives have alleged that he died of torture, saying that there were signs that he died of torture. and they said, His hand is withered.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Marian Maring, encouraged the youth to take the initiative to play Yoga, as this is one of the healthiest sports and also many Young people will avoid alcohol or bad habits if they spend time in such games which are part of sports to exercise for their health.
He also condemned the HYC Krang Unit for accusing the village leaders of the village of corruption.
The project was laid the foundation stone by the President of India on 22nd March
The Congress and AIUDF today demanded the removal of the minister from his post as a minister in the government of India.
In his opening remarks, Joe Biden said, “Here we stand after the attack by the mob but they cannot silence the voice and the choice of the majority.
Shillong, July 7: “I am the Governor of the people,” said the new Governor of Meghalaya, U V Shanmunathan, while meeting with experts from various fields, including the religious leaders, refugee service workers, principals of schools, colleges and others.
“Most of the time we repair and build the roads through the 100 days scheme just to prevent the water from flowing and to avoid the road from being damaged,” said the Waheh Shnong of Borkhat.
The song has been composed by Mynried Passah and Meban Sohtun and directed by Sandy Shanbor.
Paiem Ainam on this occasion donated 10,000 tyngka to the leaders of these NGOs.
When asked about the locations of the District Council markets, Hadrian Lyngdoh, EM in charge of the market, replied that there are two markets in Laitlyngkot and Byrnihat.
He said this was after the State President of the BJP, Bah Ernest Mawrie, had suspended the MLA of Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, Bah AL Hek, who is also a Minister of State, from sending a letter to the Prime Minister. The names of Bah Shangpliang and Bah M.Kharkrang were nominated.
Solomon Morris was the chief guest in the presence of the Principal of Loretto Convent School, Sr.
The order said that this is the first time that Justice BP Katakey has submitted his seventh report in which he expressed his satisfaction that the orders of the SC and NGT have been followed by the authorities. This will help now to prepare for the auction and transportation of the coal that is still being collected within the coming year.
The union will also send a copy of the petition to the EE PWD Roads Khliehriat Division on this issue.
In this regard, as these policemen have been in close contact with the infected person, they have been ordered to undergo quarantine.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has completed 20 years of service as Leader of the State, from Chief Minister to Prime Minister of India.
He said that the Council has already inspected foreign shops and found that some of them do not have trading license and also closed down such shops. to conduct more trading license issuance and also to conduct an inspection with the union regarding the issuance of trading license and the number of Benami illegal immigrants.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister in charge of District Council Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, said that the government has already responded and clarified the issues that the Governor wants to clarify. The Bill was sent to the Governor for approval.
Odakani Nongtdu scored 1 goal and Danishisha Lyngdoh scored 2 goals while Ribhoi beat Ribhoi High School 3-0 Daphishisha Singkli, Phibanrica T Nongkseh, Diamond Makhroh.
It is indeed a special news that this 50-year-old actor who was born and raised in Mumbai has a special love and affection for the NE region.U Redeem Tlang who is also a football star from the state is now in the club of the actor.
The same was in the beginning with God.
Meanwhile, Bah Witting Mawsor said that it is a sad incident in which the police who are supposed to enforce the law have taken the law into their own hands and have shot without mercy. the crowd did not listen.
The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has invested a lot of money to build the stadium with the support of the BCCI. in India.
"I met her once at the KJP Girl's Hostel in Mission Compound, Shillong.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr Andreas, Medical Superintendent of Shillong Civil Hospital, said that there are 58 patients at the hospital, 14 of whom are in critical condition and 10 of whom are sleeping in the building. new.
Signs that appear among those who intend to commit suicide: Change of behavior: Sudden change of behavior can be a sign of understanding - such as a talkative person who suddenly listens and try to hide himself, or a person who appears to be mentally strong appears to be affected and calm even in small situations.
The Bhang of the Phangwah was brought from Rimbai Tuber while the Bhang of the Phangneiñ was brought from Khliehriat.
These issues, in turn, outline the basis of the Unified Code of Conduct.
Jowai: Four days after he drowned in the Umngot River in Shnongpdeng, the body of Spainlious L Gadew (Lamin) was found this morning at 8:30 pm from the Piyain River in Sylhet District. about 5 km from the zero point.
Shillong, July 30: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has prepared a reply to be sent to the State Government on the rejection of the Rangbah Shnong Bill by the State Government. “The Khasi Hills Autonomous District (Village Administration) Bill, 2014.
If the people who elected them hate the BJP party, their elected MLAs (elected representatives) will join them.
According to the Revolutionary Guards, Iran still has 100 targets against Washington.
Therefore, to strengthen the Service in the tourism sector, it is necessary to take statistics relating to householders, business owners and tourism services.
“There will be a public hearing in every village where the people can lodge complaints if they find that it is not sufficient and that it is sufficient, the final result will be released in October,” he said. Kharpriest.
Many of them (whom I don't want to name) are not even allowed to practice their religion according to the Khasi beliefs.
It is for this reason that we don't have time to do other things related to our society.
The HFU also demanded that Conrad should protect the farmers who farm on the border especially with Assam against the damage to their crops by the Assam police.
The party will enforce the implementation of the Election Act to protect the election of MDCs and to strengthen the rule of law. And to improve the Village Court.
Trailyne said that the relatives of Wandari had searched all over the area but could not find her. She said that the search for her had been all over Shillong and they had come to look for her. spirit only Damsite.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District has expressed its deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Hoping who was affectionately known as “Mr 12 A”.
Bah Monarch ShabongThere are many who have demanded that Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, should withdraw from his cooperation with the BJP, because it has passed the Immigration Act; but we don't know whether these people have a mind or whether they want to die in anger.
From an early age, parents encourage their children to live a good life and spend their efforts to provide their children with a good education that can improve their lives. so that they will be good people when they grow up.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Bishnoi said that this information has been provided by the intelligence agencies and said that it is only information provided. “We have received a report from the SP but as of now we cannot confirm anything,” he said.
“It is a belief that the handshake will please the goddess Indra Dev.
The Chief Minister of Assam told reporters that the North East has improved in all aspects since 2014 after Narendra Modi took over as the Prime Minister of the country.
Martha is the sister, and Mary is the sister.
Shillong: The Shillong All Faiths Forum (SAFF) has decided to meet again with the state government before taking a final decision on the reopening of places of worship and churches in the state.
So I withdrew my support from him because he wanted to stand alone.
“According to the affidavit submitted by the Shillong Municipal Board, 342 people have been submitted to the Court, while the RTI information shows that there are only 195 households, who is lying there,” said the President of the HYC. “It is not allowed to give those who do not work in the Municipal, because they are only residents,” said Bah Roykupar.
Also, the two foundation stones for the construction of the Border Area Road worth T.40 lakh through the Rural Infrastructure Development Fund (RIDF) XXVIII for the year 2022-23 from Photjaud to Langwarai which is 1.80 km and Eitser to Mawtngam 1 km and another foundation stone for the construction of the new office of the Block Development Officer of Mawkyrwat C&RD Block worth T.2 crore 77 lakh.
Dr. Myrboh said that if the government had taken action to resolve this issue which is the demand of the people to improve the recruitment policy, this issue would not have reached this stage.
It is not yet known what the BJP authorities will do about the anti-party move of Pelcy, who is also the State President of the Mahila Morcha of the BJP in the state.
The ECB has also announced its domestic sports program for the nine-year period 2025-2031, which will include both men's and women's sports teams. same.
The most important thing is that we will decide on the basis of issues such as the demand for ILP, the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Khyrnit Baphra, the border, the cleanliness of the environment, the demand for the rights of Mr. Cheristarfield Thangkhiew, the border and so on.
Rupang spoke to Pastor RT Rymbai, who is in charge of the school, to talk more about the school.
“However, I am just saying that our policy is clear that we will not speak but we have spoken on the issues.
Then there are vegetables such as pathaw, bin, kubi, sohsaw, kajol and scotch.
The Nepal Kew is a plant that has recently come to the Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
The meeting was conducted by Rev HF Wahlang who is also the President of the World Mission.
Youth is a time of trouble and remember your family, your brothers and sisters and your parents because you don't have to worry about your friends. He has decided for each of us whether to do good or bad in life.
Shillong: After a meeting with the Governor of Meghalaya at Raj Bhavan today, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that on the 16th November, he will open the Entry/Exit Point. in Umling, Ri-Bhoi District.
Kerala opened the scoring in the 22nd minute.
With the opening of this sub centre, the people of the area will be able to access health services and will facilitate pregnant women, childbirth vaccination and other health check-ups and programmes.
Of these cases, 632 are from Kamrup Metro, 460 from Kamrup Rural, 335 from Nagaon and 265 from Dibrugarh District.
There are many medical implications of excessive consumption of green tea and if this consumption is sustained for a long time.
Therefore, he hopes that through this competition, the students of Ranikor Block will get many benefits and that they will be able to improve from time to time through their hard work.
Governments in the past years have spent hundreds of crores for the construction of markets with the assistance of the Government of India and this is a huge loss to the state. ei shall provide such sources of income to the Hima without any agreement to distribute the taxes or duties arising from such markets.
Samla Anver Medon Pariat, one of the youths who intends to contest the upcoming elections from East Shillong constituency, said that the people should know where the political parties get the money to contest the elections.
God promises to multiply people in Israel – “And I will multiply upon you all the house of Israel.
I attended one of the Nongsharai seminars in a church in West Khasi Hills (I will not name) and in this seminar they discussed the nature and destruction of the environment.
Because they say that absolute power is absolutely corrupt.
He said the KSU has held a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs of Upper Shillong to discuss the matter and the Rangbah Shnongs have also expressed their regret over the decision taken by the government.
Meghalaya played well in the bowling category, where Ajima Sangma took the wicket of one of the opening bowlers.
In 2022-23, urea consumption decreased in Punjab, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Jammu & Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Jharkhand and Assam while urea consumption increased in the same period. use of Nano Urea in these same states.
Speaking at the meeting, Hitler said that the new government will be led by the TMC and as an experienced leader who has led the people of Garo Hills, he will continue to help the party in the future. days and years to come.
The village strongly condemns the owner of the house and if such an incident happens again, the village will have to evict him immediately or take strong action.
Both of them beat Langsning and Wahlakhiat 3-0
Therefore, to 'AI EI' to the traders 100 kilo per shiton is unacceptable and a huge loss to the farmers.
KAM Meghalaya makes it clear that it cannot violate the principles of justice, truth, tolerance, respect and mutual respect.
Looking at these rules, it is clear that there is a great doubt that the poor people of this state will benefit from this scheme of the Government of India, as it is now, whether in the city or in the countryside. I don't know if you have a household that doesn't have a mobile phone or a household that doesn't have a mobile phone or a household that doesn't have a mobile phone. mobile phone hand.
“There has been a thorough investigation in East Jaintia Hills to connect the railway line to Khliehriat.
The fire broke out at the Ibn Khatib Hospital at Diyala Bridge.
With this victory, Lajong Junior Reds have moved to the top of the Under-18 category and have earned three points today. Another match will be against Rangdajied United on the 19th. month, at 1 pm in Shillong.
He is the fourth son of T Mawthoh and D. Thabah.
Former Pro-Vice Chancellor of ICFAI University Meghalaya, Milton Sangma said, “The killings, looting and kidnapping must stop immediately, the armed conflict must stop, the insurgents must listen to the call of government to come to the negotiating table".
Dr Rijal said that if the cows are examined to find out if they are healthy according to the rules, it will be at the slaughterhouse, not at the market. The price of cow meat will reach T.1000 per kilo in Shillong.
The Aian Cup 2023 will be held in China, where 13 teams have already qualified and 11 teams remain to complete the 24-team tournament.
The report said that about 800 trucks of coal and 130 trucks of coal enter these factories every day and these trucks are overloaded which is up to three percent of the government's limit. you shah.
The Sadhu has given Bah Ardent until 12th June to respond why no action should be taken against him under the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) for the incident in Jaïaw.
He also pointed to the importance of immediate identification and extinguishing of wildfires.
Porsche confirmed today that the ship was carrying four 911 GT2 RS cars worth $293,200 each and all Porsche parts. There are 37 counts, according to the report.
Unfortunately, the school authorities have taken advantage of the school fees which is against the act issued by the Ministry of Law of the Government of India.
Jowai, June 18: The Dorbar Shnong Iooksi West Jaintia Hills District today elected a new Waheh Chnong for the term 2023-2
It is true that people have been living in this industry for a long time but we have to create ways and means to encourage them to leave this industry and this is only through schemes so that they can work and earn. kill.
Shillong, November 11: The Nongshluid Government Lower Primary School, one of the oldest schools in Mawsynram, will celebrate its 100th Anniversary on 17th November
How I rejoice with you, I am filled with joy; You teach me, you show me the way of goodness.
The short program was conducted by Babu Manlang War together with the Vice-Principal, Fr.Mark SDB. There are market residents who open and the market visitors come and there is garbage from the market especially plastic where there is no cleaner but there are only polluters, but still there are those who There is a spirit of tipbriew tipblei who look after and judge and who have the responsibility to inform the village authorities.
The residents also complained about the delay in installing electricity lines and transformers and this is not only happening in Kut but also in Puriang.
Not only that in Shella, it was learned that Bah Tyngshan Rynga, who lost his ticket, can contest.
One of the employees, Shivangaiah, is a gardener of the Bangalore Development Authority, Banashankari and earns a salary of T.48,000 per month. However, he had four shops in Bengaluru, one in Doddakallasandra, 510 grams of gold, three vehicles, 10 lakh household items. T.80,000 in the bank and a lot of land.
The meeting was attended by MPCC President Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, MPCC President Rocky Marwein, Umsning MDC Candidate, MG Kharshanlor, General Secretary. Ri Bhoi, senior leaders of the Congress Party and many supporters of the Congress Party in Umsning Constituency.
The Core Committee of EKHLTWA under the leadership of Bah E Kharbani Chairman has announced that it will hold a public meeting on the 12th October 2022 at Madan Malki. by 11 am.
“The presence of many ethnic groups is the strength of India,” said Conrad and gave an example of the uniqueness of the ethnic groups in Meghalaya who give their kur and jait to the Mother which cannot be done. to change.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) comprising the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) and the Jowai Village Authority (JSU) have unanimously demanded that the government should open a BEd College in Jowai.
On the other hand, the Hima Sohiong said that they have no problem in returning Nongwah Mawtamur to the Hima Sohiong but it should be in accordance with the laws and regulations of the District Council.
On the other hand, u Niman Shadap strongly condemned those people who dared to sign his name, he said that the village as of now is in peace and happiness and the village does not force the citizens in relation to the election of leaders but they have their own right to elect whom they wish.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Former Congress MLA from Mylliem, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that his defeat in the 2018 elections by Bah The residents of Dohlieng Hamlet have been misled on the Building Bylaw of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA).
Shillong, June 28: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Thursday held a meeting with the Officers and Engineers of the PWD (Roads & Building) Department at Shillong Club to discuss the issues related to the project. which coordinates the activities of various projects in the state.
Scientists at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) have developed the technology to turn jhur into fertilizer through human wastewater.
The incident has reached the office of the DC and the office of the DC has sent the police to Shallang police station to investigate. of the village.
India's ruling BJP has confirmed defeat in Telengana, Mizoram and Chhattisgarh and Rajasthan, while some predict that the contest will be closer in Madhya Pradesh and The Congress party has not yet decided whether to win the election in the state, although it is estimated.
The bodies of the three children were taken to Khowai District Hospital for post mortem.
The award ceremony was organized by the GISR Foundation to recognize and honor women across India and abroad who have worked hard and dedicated themselves to their work. good work, skills as researchers, education experts, leaders, advisors, teachers and experts in social thinking.
In the Under-17 girls' category, Rangthong Christian High School beat Sakwang Presbyterian High School 1-0
In a statement, the KSU recalled that on Friday, the Assam Police from West Karbi Anglong District, raided Madan Umwang village to forcibly stop the construction funded by the Sericulture Department of the Government. Meghalaya and in the visit to stop the construction, they also threatened to arrest and punish Bah Blikshon Mukhim who is the Rangbah Shnong of Umwang Square.
He said that as one of the youngsters who love to drive cars he wanted to take part in the tournament but due to his busy schedule as a Minister he could not take part in the tournament. They can take part in such a competition at the same time to encourage the youth.
Of the 18 cases, 13 are employees of Goldstone Cement.
Bhajanka, Executive Director of Star Cement Company, Pankaj Kejriwal, in the presence of Moderator of KJP Western Synod, Rev CL Laloo, Rev MK Lyngdoh, Fr Petrus Baniak, Parish Priest of KJP Synod Sepngi. Members of Star Christian Fellowship, as well as invitees, inaugurated a Christian church at Star Cement Company in Lumshnong.
Furthermore, after the robbers managed to enter the bank, there was another silver door which the robbers could not open but broke and destroyed one of the doors of another bank. from the rooms inside the bank and entered the bank.
Speaking on the occasion, Congress leader and former Lok Sabha MP Rasheed Masood said that in Delhi, one can get a meal for only T.5 tyngka near Jama Masjid. .
In West Khasi Hills, the number of illegal coke plants raided by the West Khasi Hills authorities in Shallang area has now risen to seven and police have arrested six factory owners till the time of writing.
The WBC said Benn's team this month has sent a full report on the incident, which was caused by his food and drink. tei-met where drugs were found in his body.
The President of the National People's Party (NPP) in Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that if the Tura Lok Sabha constituency can elect a woman as an MP, why can't the Shillong Lok Sabha constituency? He also urged the Voice of the People Party (VPP) to work together for the cause of the people.
There will be seven categories including Team events, Men's single, Women's single, Veteran's single, Junior's Boys and Girls and Men's Doubles.
“Working in the police department is not easy because there are many complaints but the police in the state have fulfilled their duties,” he said.
The book of Nehemiah states: “In the month Nissan (April) in the twentieth year of King Artaxerxes, when wine was before him, I took up the wine and gave it to the king. ).
Urban Minister Hamlet Dohling will visit Nongpoh, Sniawbhlang Dhar will visit Jowai and Prestone will visit Williamnagar.
Roshan was accompanied by officers including Bah HM Shangpliang, Mission Director of MHM, Secretary Bah KW Marbaniang and doctors.
One of the Buddhist Temples in Innao Sengmai village has suddenly caught fire on Tuesday while Buddhist devotees were celebrating the Sangken festival. is celebrated across all parts of Arunachal Pradesh.
“I hope that in 2023, the Congress will get at least 32-34 seats and if Vincent H Pala, Dr Mukul Sangma and Ampareen Lyngdoh stand in the same position, we hope. that the full support of the people,” she said.
“We demand that the government should set up an independent inquiry into this incident and if it does not, we will not hesitate to hand over to foreign organizations to investigate,” said Bah Marcony.
The VPP, UDP, NPP and Congress have so far prepared to contest the MDC election in Sohiong.
According to information received, this incident happened at about 2 pm.
However, it is clear that the MUDA department has not been willing to dismiss these two Longkmie from Byrnihat area, when there have been demands to dismiss them, as they are the owners of the village. the area.
He said that the contractors or companies that come to set up businesses in Mawphlang should first provide employment to the state residents and he said that the companies should provide trading licenses and should also get they approve from the villages.
It may be recalled that the VPP is not against the Roster System and accepts it on the grounds that the problem is the Reservation Policy, but the Roster System is not a problem in the recruitment process.
Shillong, June 02: RoundGlass Punjab beat Sudeva Delhi 3-2 in the I-League 2021-22 on Saturday at Kalyani Stadium. Indian Arrows scored 10 points and scored 10 goals at the Naihati Stadium.
Beijing claims to have fired 11 Dongfeng missiles from a Chinese naval base near Taipei.
It was reported that the child was diagnosed with SAM and had a deficiency in health.
He said that the decision to give ticket to Teilinia is not his own decision but the decision of many churches within the PDF party. Party workers who want to contest the MDC election have refused to allow Teilinia to allow the PDF party to win.
Shillong, Nailar 04: The National Hynniewtrep People's Federation (NHHP) on Friday admitted that the factories in Umïam and Byrnihat have not paid their electricity bill since 2005 which amounted to Rs 44 crore.
For the first time, the navies of India, Australia and Indonesia have worked together to strengthen their troops as part of mutual support for peace and stability between the two countries. three countries.
Mix it according to the instructions with clean water to make an effective digestive solution.
Prestone said he did not want to say anything on the desire of the political parties for the protests, but the government leaders had already talked to them that they would go to the budget session of Parliament. He met with the Union Home Minister in Delhi.
If found guilty, they should be punished according to the rules of law for their crimes,” demanded the Seng.
Awards were also distributed to the teachers in the district who have been selected for their contribution to education and especially to the development of education including Kong Glenise Iawphñiaw from the teachers of Lower Primary School. Head Teacher of St. Peter's RCLP School, Nongsder, N Violinda Shabong, who was elected as the teacher of Upper Primary School, while Bahunshisha Lyngskor was elected as the teacher of RBP Higher Secondary School. Assistant Teacher of Nehru Memorial Secondary School Umsning.
Authorities have closed restaurants, bars and beach resorts from California to Florida.
The President of KSU Narpuh Circle, Bah KS Suchiang, said that he found that many people have gone down to the Lukha River to catch dead fish and those that are about to die. kin bam “When asked why the fish died, some of the residents said that it was the heavy rainfall in the past two or three days, because it was the first rainfall, so All the waste from the dewbilat factories such as fly ash, gypsum, coal, shun maw and other waste flows into the Lukha River. years at this time,” said Bah Suchiang.
Speaking in the Lok Sabha today, Rahul Rahul raised the issue of the agreement on the supply of Rafale jets, accusing Defense Minister Nirmala Sitharaman of saying earlier that she would not social agreements and the purchase of fighter jets, but later said it was a secret agreement between India and France.
For more information please call
This policy is a reflection of the unique timing of the CBC's work to provide information on schemes, programs and issues of the Government of India in line with changes in the media industry and the increasing use of digital ways to get information.
Birds bring beauty and beauty to the tree through their cleanliness.
These four persons lost their lives after a strong earthquake struck and damaged two houses in Nongpriang village on the 30th of this month. month.
He said that in the 2011 Census, the literacy rate in Meghalaya was only 74.43 percent and the 100 percent target cannot be achieved if all the literacy rates in Meghalaya cannot be enrolled. child.
Thus, the Raliang God remained in Nartiang.
All the finals in the 13 weight classes were completed today, and Shiva Thapa of Assam, Amit Panghal of Services and Sanjeet of Services were witnessed today. la reached the honor.
JOWAI: Congress Lok Sabha MP candidate Ma Vincent H Pala has alleged that the burial of 15 coal miners in Khloo Ryngksan is due to the promise of the BJP and NPP to release coal in the country. MLA Election 2018 is over.
These new office bearers of the circle were appointed by Leningstar Rymbai.
Shillong: The Commissioner & Secretary of the State Legislative Assembly, Dr Andrew Simons, today announced that the death of Dr Donkupar Roy, MLA of the 26th Shella Constituency, on 28th November Constituency, you don't have a faithful representative.
Returning to the victory of the men's team, Satwik & Chirag played well until they were able to win their toughest match. Alfian & Adrianto beat Indonesian opponents 21-13 21-13 in a match that lasted more than 45 minutes.
If the TMC suddenly comes to power, it is known that the one who was banned before leaving the Congress party, will immediately replace his fellow members who do not comply with his rules of procedure; and he shall utterly destroy the assemblies, and shall destroy the people until the morning.
In addition to Section 3 (c), sub-section 3 (d) has been introduced, which states, “Any Khasi woman, who marries a non-Khasi and includes her children, shall be recognized as non-Khasi. Khasi and they shall lose the status of Khasi identity and other benefits of Khasi identity, which allows them to beg as Khasi”.
Police on receiving information about this, took action to remove the stones blocking the highway.
These departments include General Administration T.12,33,92,000, Finance & Accounts Department T.28,77,08,700, Land Revenue & Land Reform Department T.10,73,19,000, Land Record & Land Settlement Department T.6,50,72,200 tyngka, Taxation Department T.4,49,22,600 tyngka, Forest Department T.22,07,83,300 tyngka, Political Department T.4,35,61,800 tyngka, Civil Works Department T .56,72,95,000 tyngka, Education Department T.23,85,02,900 tyngka, Art and Cultural Department T.2,31,94,300 tyngka, Market Department T.17,20,68,200 tyngka, Statistics and Information Department T.1 ,26,12,100 tyngka, Stationary & Printing Department T.1,41,74,500 tyngka, Planning Department T.1,19,63,600 tyngka, Judicial Department T.3,01,62,700 tyngka, Legislative Department T.7,94,26,800 tyngka, Village and Town Administration Department T.97,92,000 tyngka.
Before other speakers at the meeting, the EM of the Building, Bah Jansing Tynsong, said that the newly opened office of KHADC has not yet been opened. I don't have a house, but I've been sent to Bah Hadrian's house and the KHADC has taken four rooms.
The villages that have benefited from this training include Namdong-A, Namdong-B, Mukhnang, Ladmyngngor, Lumrot and Kremmyrsiang.
It is so that he doesn't even expect to have his own car.
On the other hand, the Congress MLAs have requested the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly to allow them to discuss some issues which do not affect the investigation. The Congress MLAs said that the demand for suspension of the police should not affect the investigation because This is a very important issue especially when the voice of the people has demanded the suspension of these police chiefs.
“We don't want to raise the issue of no confidence because the government has already failed and it is better to wait only a few months to go to the elections,” said Dr Donkupar.
KSU Khliehriat Circle Secretary Cherity D. Suja, KSU Sohkymphor President Rimiki Lyngdoh, Daily Star Lyngdoh and others were present at the distribution.
The loss of the identity of the Khasi people:-This method of giving jait to the mother will destroy the uniqueness of the Khasi people.
“According to the Manual Book, it is necessary to burn within 24 hours after discharge from hospitals, as they are disease-carrying waste and it is also necessary to know how to dispose of these waste,” he said.
On this Tuesday, which is the day of the Nongstoiñ market, he harvested a lot of rice and phrisbin and brought it to the Nongstoiñ market, in the hope of getting a high price, but when he went to sell it to the traders, the price was high. you can buy twenty pieces of silver per kilogram.
“We want this Institute to become a Wellness Center where people can come for medicine, treatment and stay.
Shillong: A fire broke out at 1:00 pm this morning at around 1:00 pm on the road. a trade fair was held in Umsning.
“Any good decision, whether it is an election purpose, at any time, we must correct the mistake and imagine that it is an election purpose. wrong", he said.
On the same day, the MLA also handed over street lights to the village for installation in dark places to bring peace to the village especially the roads.
“If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; (Chronicles 7:14) If the people shall pray, the LORD shall take away all our sicknesses, and shall not put them upon us; from those evil diseases of Egypt or of any other country, but he will put them on those who hate us.
Police in Karimganj District of Assam on the 16th of this month said that they have seized a large quantity of heroin from a truck carrying siej which was passing through an area near Karimganj District. in the state of Tripura.
Especially the Congress leaders who have joined the NPP and BJP. The NPP has become one of the parties that has hope with its ability to attract many leaders and the people have accepted. as a party that could stand against the Congress which was in power at that time.
The ceremony will be held at the Indoor Stadium of SAI, STC, NEHU Campus, Mawkynroh, Shillong on the 10th of November at 8 pm.
Nongpoh, Naitung 01: Hundreds of people including vehicles were stranded on the road from Bhoirymbong to Kyrdem today after a truck carrying an excavator overturned and overturned. The government has blocked the movement of the people from Kyrdem area in Ri Bhoi.
The categories are Under-13, Under-15 and Under-17 for boys and girls (Single, Double).
The total tax payment is T.30,497 excluding the DMR of T.7,2
Leaders of the Janata Dal United JD(U) led by KC Tyagi, National Secretary General, met with the party leaders in Guwahati today. for the purpose of discussing the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill,
Shillong, November 12: Up to 33 candidates have contested the mid-term MDC elections to be held tomorrow in seven constituencies.
Shillong: Regarding the relationship between two church leaders (including Pastor RG Laloo and Tymmenbasan T Nongkhlaw) from Shillong who were allegedly shot in Bihar; The Senior Superintendent of Police, Patna and the Superintendent of Police (City) East Patna have held talks with the police of East Khasi Hills and Shillong. The Director General of Police, Meghalaya, and received information that today, at 1.30 pm, there was a rumor that there was a conversion, in a house and there, there was a fight. hylla and also talking rudely to the people in the house in Patna.
Khublei,H.S.Shylla, Ex-MLANI also agree with the suggestion of Bah Deng Shylla that the Government should think carefully especially to cut the salaries of Government Employees and School Teachers is like violating their rights, but if they donate to the Government through their Disbursing Officers and transfer it to the Government budget for the poor, I agree.
Officers and staff of the Raj Bhavan under the leadership of the Commissioner & Secretary to the Governor, Dr.BDR Tiwari were present on the occasion.
It is on this basis that the rulers need to take action to monitor how the state was acquired without a proper boundary.
During their meeting with the DM&HO, they also handed over a letter to the government to take the necessary action.
He added that in Meghalaya, the people should vote for the BJP, NPP and other political parties in the same uniform.
Parom says that from the moment that Sajar Nangli refused and did not want his only daughter to become the Queen of the Syiem, the Syiem created many ways how to make Sajar Nangli get your good son.
The plan to place residential schools under the umbrella of the EMRS is ongoing.
It will help the PMAY beneficiaries and Job Card holders if the outstanding money is cleared soon,” he added.
Former village leader and BJP member Ramdhar Alami was killed by Maoist militants on Saturday morning, accusing him of killing he was the reporter about them to the police.
About 60 shooters took part in the tournament.
Through the seizure of liquor this morning, the BSF this year seized 1915 bottles of liquor worth 2,76,735 tyngka.
Nine lockers have also been set up in the banks.
Speaking at the meeting, Kong Kharkongngor expressed her satisfaction to see that the students have participated with enthusiasm despite the heavy rainfall and this is the quality that we need in any matter. what we do every day of our lives.
While Misa contested against Ram Kripal once again from Patliputra, Rohini contested against former Union Minister and incumbent BJP MP Rajiv Pratap Rudy from Saran.
