The Committee will then send to the Expert Committee the comments submitted by the political parties.
Phawa, who runs the Collection Center at Wahiajer, said that up to 4 or 5 tonnes of Sohsaw arrive every day and mostly on Mondays.
He said that our country can come first only if 140 crore people support Make India No.
The Jaintias, including children, women and elderly people, have been able to leave the village.
Speakers on the occasion included Daniel Thangkhiew, OSD, Chief Minister, John Jarain, Vice Principal, St. Gabriel High School, RS Nongbri, Asst Director MSME, GoI, Ph.D.
The Super League was inaugurated by Raja Brahma, Project Director, DRDA, in the presence of Bah Bobby L. Nongbet, DSO Ri Bhoi, Bah RB Shadap, President of RBDSA and others. At the beginning of the Super League, there were two matches, the first match was between Nongthymmai Kyrdem SC and Kynjoinumran SC. Nongthymmai Kyrdem SC took the lead in the first half, but in the second half, Nongthymmai Kyrdem SC managed to turn the tide by 10 goals.
Isaiah 1:7.
Meghalaya, along with other states of India, celebrated the National Voters' Day at a program held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, he said that he started working with Rupang from 1995 to 1998 and there were times during those years when he tried to write news. I don't know what to do,” he said.
They have more and more children, one after another and there are many kinds of diseases that affect these women,” she said.
The state has decided to host larger tournaments this year.
Nongsiej and Mawshynrut MDC Morningstar Mawsor have been threatened by the HSPDP for supporting the PDF under the leadership of Pynshngain N Syiem as CEM. I want to wait for the party to call a meeting to discuss this issue.
Former member of the Bru Revolutionary Army (BRAU) Joiba Reang, 35, who has been missing since October 24, has been found dead. forest on Wednesday evening.
On the other hand, the union leaders said that during the meeting with the Deputy Commissioner, he promised to look into this matter and take action to provide footpaths in these areas. necessary places and which also endanger pedestrians, school children and children.
The repeal of Art 370, which applies only to Jammu and Kashmir, was forcibly repealed by the BJP government of Modi in 2019, without regard to or in a transparent manner. through the questions or questions.
Meanwhile, the Chinese Foreign Ministry has announced that foreign nationals no longer need to show a negative Covid-19 certificate as usual. especially when you plan to enter or leave China.
The area from Byrnihat, Jorabad, Khanapara, Nongwah Mawtamur, Rani Jirang, Ranibari, Bhalakhawa to Rajapara has a border with Assam.
I have introduced a Resolution on the State Reservation Policy that it is time to review and renew the old policy, and I have also explained that the OM supporting the policy has misrepresented the Census demographics.
DP Manu, another Indian athlete, finished third with a throw of 81.31m after Webber (82.39m) qualified for the final along with Kishore Jena. She finished fourth in Group B with a throw of 80.55m.
In other matches, in Group A, Umkseh scored 10 goals to beat Jyntru 3-2 in their first win of the season.
If you look only at the Ïitkhmih, the sun will set together.
The program included explanations on various Government schemes such as JJM, NRLM, ICDS, PMUY (Free Gas Connection), MGNREGA, IGNOAPS, PMAY-G, Aadhaar Enrollment, Smart Card NRHM and others have been explained by various departments, so that the people can get these benefits from the Central Government.
Prestone Tynsong inaugurates the Marbisu Cemetery The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong today inaugurated the Marbisu Cemetery.
Hundreds of people including parents, youth, elders and leaders of the Seng Samla of Hima Langrin attended the meeting to condemn the actions of the Syiem and demand the Syiem from the KHADC. The beginning of the public hearing was held at Phlangdiloin, South West Khasi Hills District.
In the three years since he entered politics, Marak has often been in the opposition.
The Congress party has introduced the new office bearers of the party and welcomed the new MPCC President Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh. Dr. Bom.
The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang has announced that it will hold a cleanliness drive on the 2nd March 2023, from 8:30 am.
He further alleged that Mukul Sangma and Conrad Sangma gave jobs only to their family members, relatives and acquaintances.
The Chief Minister promised to ask the Police Department to deploy police in the necessary places and not to check the Challans of trucks passing through the highway because the police They don't have the authority to check the challans because only the DMR and the Transport Department have the right to check the challans.
Sheen Sohktung scored the first goal for Lajong in the 15th minute and another in the 26th minute.
The number of confirmed cases of coronavirus in Bangladesh has risen to 10 after two new cases were confirmed.
It is worth mentioning that the road from Umling-Umrit to Patharkhmah, which still falls under the Jirang Constituency, is one of the most important roads for the people of hundreds of villages in Ri Bhoi Sepngi. , which has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of the area.
Jesus said: I have laid down my life.
Earlier, the Dolloi said that Sumer Buam has been elected as the Lyngdoh of Raid Buam since 1980 and his call to the dorbar is to confirm him so that the District Council can recognize him as the Lyngdoh of Raid Buam. Raid Buam shall lead the Raid and shall look after the religious customs.
This long reply of the Prime Minister has left the MLAs especially from the opposition out of the House and only a few.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Director of Agriculture, Kong DSyiemiong said that the use of chemical fertilizers not only pollutes the environment, soil, water, river and air. They also threaten people who eat jhurki jhep, soh ki pai and other living things.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Adelbert Nongrum has praised the political game of Pyniaid S Syiem for his victory over the People's Democratic Forum (PDF). Pyniaid is one of the members of the opposition.
It is worth mentioning that the Oxygen Generation Plant at Nongpoh Civil Hospital is one of the specially set up in Meghalaya, which was funded by the Japanese Government through the United National Development Programme. collaboration between the Government of India and Meghalaya.
Per acre of field only about three or four money is enough.
Why should we mention the shortcoming that the Syiem of the Hima is elected by only 30 and 40 ministers and Basan who lead from some kurs.
In what way did God cast Lucifer Satan to the second place in heaven? Jesus said, “I beheld Satan as lightning fall from heaven,... Luke 10:1
It is also said that the earth moves around in its existence and to move around the sun and it is from this movement that it can bring about the darkness of the night and the light of the sun.
The agreement between the BCCI and TATA has been signed for the first five years of the tournament.
Jowai, Naitung 31: The West Jaintia District Badminton Association (WJDBA) Jowai has held a ceremony to congratulate the badminton players of the district who will take part in the 38th State Championship in Nongstoin.
Mizoram Police on the 16th of this month said that they have arrested two robbers along with several firearms.
He said the HNLC needs to talk peace with the central government through the state government, as the HNLC has been illegally recognized by the central government and not the state government.
New Delhi: The Government of India, through the Ministry of Home Affairs, has denied that there has been a match between Nangkiew Irat SC and Shillong Lajong FC tomorrow. They agreed to sign a social agreement with the Naga people.
In this context, the call to rebuild and strengthen international relations is important.
We the family of I (L) Anijmon Rymbui, District & Session Judge, South Garo Hills, Baghmara who passed away on 27th November the family at such a time when we have lost one of the members of the family.
One of the topics discussed at this meeting was the inclusion of public health and specialty healthcare systems within the medical sector.
The time has come for us to look at other nations which have progressed in all aspects and we can say that even if there are changes in all aspects, but they have not forgotten their own culture and They are quick to become those young men who look after how to protect their nation.
He said that the Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government has already discussed the remaining six border disputes.
It is suspected that these items are smuggling.
“He also explained how they do all this without knowledge and said that it is impossible that the villages have to leave the nearest office and have to go to Umlyngka.
Treatment of cancer of the throat as well as of the head and neck is combined with surgery, medication and radiation.
He said that Mawtawar was too far away.
We see in these days and in the past that the Hynniewtrep people have been taught and misled especially during the elections in the wrong way. They are deceiving our beloved youth by those people who are selfish. They don't care even if they know that our youth will be destroyed, society will be destroyed. Families are destroyed because their politics is not according to the will or according to the will of God.
Shillong: Two persons have been shot dead by a group of people from Tikrikilla village in West Garo Hills.
These 15-minute programs will be broadcast every Thursday between 7-9 pm on the All India Radio network which has 25 FM stations, 4 FM Gold stations, 42 Vividh Bharati stations and primary channels/local radio stations in 23 languages ​​namely Assamese, Bengali, English, Gujarati, Hindi, Kannada, Kashmiri, Konkani, Malayalam, Manipuri, Marathi, Nepali, Oriya, Punjabi, Sanskrit, Sindhi, Tamil , Telugu, Urdu, Bodo, Sanskrit, Maithili and Dogri.
As a youth and also as a leader of the farmers we understand that here in Meghalaya most of the farmers are day laborers therefore as day laborers we should understand and know the rules as farmers so that We cannot get our rights if there are any problems such as beating, overtime, illness or suffering and even if we die, there are rules and regulations. Therefore, we need to register to identify ourselves with the Department of Labor offices in each District.
The term of office for membership shall not be less than one year or more than three years.
Before the meeting, a prayer was conducted by Father Richard Majaw, a song was performed by Khrawbok Blah and Summersalt Band in the presence of two MLAs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh. The ceremony was attended by the Minister of State, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA of North Shillong constituency in the presence of HYC members, relatives and guests.
This happened after the Rangbah Shnong of Madan Umwang failed to appear at the summons of the SDO of Hamran Civil Sub Division, Karbi Anglong District, Assam.
Denis Siangshai, from Mookhep village, near Lad Rymbai, said, “He doesn't work, not even 100 rupees, he doesn't get from Ma Vincent”.
“This incident is like a big festival to go to Wahkhri for the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi to catch thousands of kilos of fish in Belero Pickups. “There is no one to look after the incident,” said Bah Lapang and urged the police and district authorities to take action on this incident so that it will not happen again in the future.
Gokhale said this after seeing Prestone's speech and asking whether Gokhale will be the candidate for the election as a member of the National Assembly.
“To open the door for those people to give their views on the preparation of the election issues, we have created manifesto@inc.
Bah Fabian acknowledged that in Shillong, the Khasi feel that they have opened their society too much to the world because Khasi women are not prohibited from marrying others, while others are prohibited from marrying others. their women to marry the Khasi.
Two children, Avinash Maibam, Khaba, 16, and Ningthoujam Anthony, Temba, 18, were arrested. Residents of Lamsang village in Imphal West were found missing on their way to take oath at AT at Sekmai village in the same district at 9 pm on Saturday.
These areas were first cleaned and the foundation stone was laid and after that the dulir were distributed.
Mynsh’wa days, still holy days.
UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh said the party has elected an MLA to lead the party to the committee set up by the government on the roster system. quickly to the parties involved to get information?,,Government to ask for clarification.
It is often found that children who have been involved in these evils or abuses, whether physically, rape, child abuse, affect their mental health. education, family relationships and close friends, and sometimes it reaches the point where they decide to take their own lives.
man shall fear God, and rule in righteousness by honoring it.
Revelation 20:7-1
“In fact, we hoped that its performance would be better after the transformation of the Corporation or company but it seems that the performance has deteriorated,” he said.
Surprisingly, on the days of larger programs in such schools, parents have to buy and send expensive clothes for their children to wear. only in one day.
Nerren, from the International House of Prayer Ministries, said he was arrested from Bagdogra, West Bengal, in April 2019 for having money in his pocket. tell me you have USD 40,0
The union strongly warns all the drivers of LPG Gas trucks not to sell LPG Gas illegally on the roads and if found again, the union will take strict action and hand over. The LPG Gas truck drivers who sell illegally should take responsibility.
The increase in the number of cases today is the highest in the day.
The Men's Junior Asia Cup Hockey tournament has been a successful start for the men's hockey team. The team beat their opponents 18-0 in Pool A of Chinese Taipei.
Speech was delivered by the President of TULBA Central Body, Bah Rishanskhem Nongrum, prayer by Bah Wankit Nongkynrih and other members of the TULBA Central Body. Pastor Marweiñ.
Knowledge is no longer only selfishness and selfishness.
She said this while addressing the MLA of the Voice of People Party (VPP) from Mawlai Constituency, Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang who is still holding the post of teacher.
The Government has already paid T.139.12 crore to the contractor Nice Infotech.
“He said that they should correct the mistake but we demand that the whole book should be reviewed, not just unit 3 because the writing on the Khasi people is not enough.
Bah Omega Myrthong has been missing since 26th June and his head was found on 7th October near Umiam Pond and a day later his hands were found near the same pond.
It is the duty of every family, clan, community and nation to come forward to discuss, discuss and give advice on how to help our children/youth to survive. from marriage when they are not old enough.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: A Longkmie has suddenly lost her life after being hit by a motorcycle driven by a rude driver at Mawlai. Mawdatbaki, Rainboy.
Those from remote villages like Mawdumdum, Rangesohïong, Umïong and other remote villages, have to leave so it is difficult because there are no vehicles to reach their villages.
Titos said that at present, the officers will have to come to work 100% and the staff will have to work from home and the public will not be allowed to enter the office.
Patel's term of office will end in November
Dr. Helpme Hamkhein Mohrmen, who has decided not to contest the MLA election from Jowai constituency, has joined the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC).
Former JACJH leaders who visited the village include Secretary General Phidalia Toi, former President LD Lakiang, former Vice President Sannio Siangshai, former Secretary Sannio Siangshai, former President Sannio Siangshai, former President LD Lakiang. Gilbert Sten, former JACJH Member and former MDC, along with others, were accompanied by JSU leaders including the President of the JACJH, Rikut N Parien, President of Mynso. unit, young Lawyer for War.
Suddenly, after the elections in 2014, all business failed.
We as a Christian nation have violated the teachings of God, we have witnessed falsely not only to man but to God.
There is nothing that can work quickly to improve the physical fitness of the body except a smile.
In this BJP government, we know where we are going.
Earlier, the Arts and Culture Department of the state also celebrated the 77th death anniversary of Parad Soso Tham on Monday.
He said that the coal mines have been operated by private individuals as it used to be done in the state in the past.
Shillong, Lber 25 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that there are groups or individuals who do not want the border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam which has been going on for 50 years. don't play chess and reach the goal.
This happens because God has already said that His Word will fulfill what He has spoken, and will grow where He sent it.
Nongpoh: Ri Bhoi United have won their first title in the opening ceremony of the Nongpoh Sports Football Tournament at Madan Pahamsyiem, after beating Umden Sports Association. from 5-4.
He said that he should just unite the people and bring any allegation just because the shooting is unfounded.
The inauguration ceremony of the Syiem of Nongmynsaw Hima, Nongmynsaw Syiemship under the leadership of the Acting Syiem of Nongmynsaw Hima, Pa'iem Phlowing Syiem of Nongbah and the Secretary of the Hima, Bah Johnes Sohshang, on 26th November, to submit the Resolution of Willingness of the people of Nongmynsaw Hima to the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of West Khasi Hills District.
Shullai said that the foreigners in the state live in peace and understand each other on various issues that affect the situation in the state. Ichamati should have been prevented and avoided at all costs.
Dr Bom visited Amlarem on the 2nd of this month, Khliehriat on the 4th and Jowai today.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills has announced that it has released the NFSA (AAY & PHH) and Non-NFSA ration for the month of May, 2022 to all wholesalers to deliver to the FPs. shop center until the 15th of this month.
So Israel is a land of wars from generation to generation.
This has also caused a heavy traffic jam which has affected school children, office workers and others until they have not arrived on time. These taxi drivers have lost their income due to the traffic jam.
However, they should understand that we need a law to enforce according to the law the inheritance of children whether it is by will or gift to avoid any future disputes. .
The district authorities have been directed to count the damage in their respective areas, which will be taken to the special court.
The HYC under the leadership of its President, Bah Pynhunlang Lyngdoh, received information from the Minister of Mawtngam that he was in the village and was staying at his mother's house.
“The resolution will not be issued for 2 or 3 days,” said Bah Sokon.
Let us turn from our evil ways and join in all that is good by turning away from evil deeds.
The ANM of Jalaphet Sub Centre, Ms Nidawan Chyrmang, is one of the hardworking ANMs who has done her job properly and has brought about the development of the Sub Centre. She said that she has trained herself like the old men by using siej and it is interesting to know that Nidawan Chyrmang has not refused to help the women in the field of childbirth. child even while she is still on maternity leave.
Many of his relatives also left Rangblang and spread all over the place.
“The people of Songsak should ask Mukul if he wins from both the seats, which one he will leave,” he said. they shall be destroyed in both places.
Guwahati: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, believed to be the most understanding to follow the health rules; but in Assam, it is the longest.
There are those who suspect that there is no reason why this has happened in Hynniewtrep.
The video of her wearing slippers has spread widely on social media.
We must not forget that the UDP is one of the members of the NEDA led by the BJP and headed by Himanta B Sarma of Assam as the convener of the NEDA. an.
The program will be held on the 19th of this month from 10 pm at the Community Hall of Mawkhar.
However, the reporter was passing by the area and found that it could be dangerous because there is a hole in the middle of the road which is really a pedestrian area.
Under the leadership of Pa Togan Sangma, the Garo, who were armed with only small weapons, fought against the French troops.
The largest meeting of the Khasi community in Barak Valley was held on Saturday at Kashiya Punjee, Krishnapur to oppose the Assam government's plan to turn it into a Wildlife Sactuary. If it is turned into a wildlife sanctuary, the Khasi will not be able to cultivate and cut down even one tree and this will affect them severely and they will flee from the place where they lived. grown up for decades and centuries now.
The BJP headquarters was also attacked during the clashes.
After half an hour, Mawtawar opened the scoring through Ricky Chyne in the 39th minute.
The MPBC has sent three boxers, but Elbin Rani has been defeated.
Of these, 1,31,18,621 (64.76%) were cured; 7,38,930 (3.64%) have died and 63,97,134 (31.58%) are undergoing treatment.
The Environment Cell of the KSU-East Jaintia Hill Unit on Thursday handed over the slow loris to the Sonapyrdi Range Wildlife Department and released it back into the wild.
From day to day he turned his body to and fro as the painting progressed.
Nine students from St. Edmund's HS School have not reached the Top 10 while St Anthony's HS School has three students who have not reached the top 10.
“Many people today are like wild animals who are not imprisoned, but are free to choose which candidate, which party to choose,” he said.
The Chief Secretary, Bah Donald P. Wahlang, the Chief Secretary, Bah Donald P. Wahlang and officers of various departments of the State Government including the employees of the departments. Forest in the evening left to express their condolences to the family members on the sudden death of Luikham.
The JSU demands that the PWD department should force the company to rebuild the road and to provide drains so that the water during the rainy season will not flow into the road. clean the color of the road.
I believe we will succeed if we work together.
He said that in the month of June 2012, there was a severe cold weather in the village until the Poly House was completely destroyed. to the members of the society and some of them have decided to leave the society because all their hard work has been in vain without any result or benefit.
Police were able to confirm that he was the Area Commander as they found an identity card from his body.
Therefore, the coming of the New Year is always accompanied by the hope that all these things will come to fruition, and the most important thing is to have a healthy lifestyle, which is the first. perhaps a man has asked the Lord God, and hopes that this year will indeed be a year that will feed the nations, that will fill the fields of every household, that the The agriculture, the employment, the work and the farming will go smoothly as usual, where everyone will have the opportunity to earn a living, no matter if they have to endure the sun, the rain. , the wind, the cold, but when it is enough, all these difficulties disappear, when we can reap the fruit of our hard work.
Counting the two wheelers and four wheelers, 1,60,027 vehicles are ML0
The Regional Blood Bank, Pasture Institute, Shillong and the Dorbar Shnong Thainthynroh, Lyngiong Lyngdohship in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong Thainthynroh, Shillong on the 26th of this month. July, 2020 at Seventh Day Adventist English Secondary School, Lyngiong.
Both the teams played well in the opening innings, with Kishan Lyngdoh, who is also the captain, scoring 27 runs and Tarique Siddique scoring 51 runs for the loss of one wicket.
He said the date of the resumption of the Third Division will be announced after the District Level Subroto Cup.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, A.Wahlang said that this year, the price of biscuits has not risen as well as in other years and last month when the biscuits were starting to rise, the price reached 50 rupees. money ten kil.
Therefore, the union demands immediate action to improve this road.
I believe Bah Mohrmen knows this better, therefore, it is not good to misinterpret.
States were given advance notice of vaccine arrivals so that they could prepare for their vaccination campaign and the vaccines reached the states on predetermined days.
Regarding the increase in the number of robbers, it can also be said that the excessive narrowness of the footpath which has started to cross the border with shops is the reason why the robbers have been able to sneak in and steal. knieh the purses or bags of women while walking or shopping.
Before the distribution of the foodgrains, a short meeting was held by Deovolente Tang, President of the Jowai Association.
They don't pay taxes but they pay indirect taxes to anyone and that depends on your knowledge to understand.
“After the completion of this work, we will send a report to the HPC and after that, they will meet again with the residents of Them Metor to take a final decision on this work,” he said. don't say.
This happened after the cup was removed from the box.
It is after the Resurrection and Rapture that God will remove the death of those who did not participate in that resurrection and rapture.
Speaking to media, the President of the HNYF Women's Wing, Kong Bety Jyrwa, demanded that the government should implement what the teachers are demanding as it is fair and reasonable.
Expressing their concern, the ASHA workers complained about the low salary of T.66 per day per month.
On the other hand, the village leaders said that after the announcement of the decision not to participate in the election, the authorities have ordered the contractor to complete the road which has been left idle until it is completed. The Dorbar Shnong has urged the residents to come forward to complete the task of electing the leaders.
Chief Election Commissioner Rajiv Kumar and Election Commissioners Anup Chandra Pandey and Arun Goel have tried to introduce M3 EVMs to make it easier for voters to cast their votes. Polling Stations outside the State.
Sir AB Lish founded the school with good intentions but the use of BENGALI alphabet has been lost in his hard work.
Saiden Secondary School, Ri-Bhoi, which represented Meghalaya in the 62nd Subroto Cup for Women Under-17, started its journey with a 2-0 win in the first leg. Goa will be held on 20th November 2023 in New Delhi.
“We are all delighted to welcome Monotosh Chakladar to Chennai.
BJP leader AL Hek on Friday said that the decision of the party led by the central leaders will be announced whether he will suggest to contest the upcoming elections. Public Assembly.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 14:Since Mawshynrut has received a fully functional electricity office, it has benefited a lot to the people in all the villages under the supervision of the staff of the Mawshynrut. This is the branch office in Riangdo.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Mayralborn as the Chief Executive Member congratulated the women of this village for achieving their dream of getting a fully functional office and urged the women On this day, they should work harder and carry the burden of the Longkmie and especially in the community work.
We have also launched measures to empower women in the economy by participating in income generating activities through Self Help Groups,” said Conrad Sangma. to improve the income of women in the state.
The vehicles were registered in the names of Queendun Suting and Ibannangroi Suting, residents of Nongbareh Lyntiara.
Pallicha said that the wild sohmrit planted in the area is very good, but the farmers need the right buyers so that they can get a good price.
The entire eastern region of India, which includes eight states, has 25 MPs, including 14 in Assam, two in Meghalaya, Arunachal Pradesh, Tripura and Manipur and one each in Mizoram, Nagaland and Sikkim.
On the other hand, the DC said that he will take action to inquire into the establishment of these factories in the district.
He said the BJP in Meghalaya will increase in numbers to form a government from the current presence of only two MLAs in which the goals of Narendra Moti in the state will be achieved.
Shillong, November 20: Following the speech of the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem at Polo Ground, he said that the people are facing problems due to the failure of the leaders to pass laws. She asked Bah PN Syiem and the MDCs of the PDF in KHADC whether the law has been passed in the District Council.
The Information Secretary of FKJGP Riwar, Edenfield Khonglam, in a statement, said that the overcrowding of the road has caused heavy traffic jams, parking lots and traffic jams inside the area. The danger to vehicles parked under this weight bridge.
He said that the party leader Mamata Banarjee has a special love and affection for the people of the state and will continue to be their voice when they demand for office.
The Mary Our Help Training Center was established in 2010 and provides training to children especially those from poor families.
It was also decided to direct the Obama administration to provide clear information on its intention to achieve peace in Syria.
If a woman or a man commits wrongdoing or crime, they should take responsibility for themselves and find ways and means to correct and rebuild themselves.
What I appreciate most is their suggestion that “the Dorbar Shnongs, Raids, Himas, District Councils, Governments and Municipalities should ensure the proper administration of their affairs, which includes the safety of all.
On behalf of all the members of the House, the Speaker sent his condolences to the family who lost their leader.
These poiwir, when they came in, helped each other.
However, if they cannot show another way of governing in front of the people, there is no point in fighting against the BJP.
On the other hand, Bah Sadon K.Blah, Senior Leader of the HNYF, also spoke on many issues that affect the country and the people, and as the leaders of the HNYF, we have to take that responsibility. to protect their brothers and sisters and also that they should not be those leaders only for their own benefit and for the benefit of the country and the nation.
The cleaning of shyiap, shun and water, which we call sorki, turns into stone-shyiap, because that cleaning absorbs carbon dioxide from the air, and turns that mixture into can long mine.
On the other hand, the AIM has raised questions on the reason why the Government Office has upset the people on this issue, but the answer from the AIM is that it is not known whether it is true or not. The office is still complying with the orders sent through the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
I have called up to three meetings in my mandal and other constituencies, and I see every day that every BJP mandal holds party meetings and campaigns for the NPP. , so how can you say that they have not been persuaded,? said Mr. Hek.
However, sources said that many of the members of the Producers Groups who are true farmers have not yet received the money allocated by the government for them.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the first batch of doctoral candidates will include 50 candidates and the training centers will be Shillong Civil Hospital and Ganesh Das Government. Maternal and Child Health Hospital, Shillong.
Silchar, March 9 : U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, former President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), former Minister, Executive Member (EM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and MDC from Jaiaw Constituency, has been arrested. KSU Barak Valley Circle, Silchar Assam, on Tuesday held its annual meeting to encourage the Khasi people living in Barak Valley, Silchar Assam. He urged the Assam government to discuss the proposal to turn the Khasi-Pnar villages into Wildlife Sanctuaries but urged them to provide the necessary documents before he can talk to the Assam government.
Lady Gaga, the world's greatest singer, came out in Pittsburgh to support Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden against Donald Trump. from the Republican party.
Nongpoh: The residents of 12mer on the Assam side, have expressed their shock and fear, when they saw and found, that there were several people in a vehicle. kit gas, who stole the gas from the truck through pipes and filled it back into the lyer tanks, which was sent by other people.
However, those who pray for a Bible pray like this:- “Oh God, send the Holy Spirit from heaven as You sent on the day of Pentecost”.
Shillong, Jymmang 20 : The Khelo India University Games (KIUG) 2023 kicked off on Tuesday at NEHU, Shillong.
Shillong, March 16: The decision of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma to contest from two constituencies may be because he understands that he may have a threat in the upcoming elections.
They are located in the area of ​​Kyllonmathei, Shallang.
Shillong, March 16: “I cannot say anything, it depends on the wisdom of the people and both sides,” said Bah Julius Dorphang, former Chairman of the HNLC and now MLA of Mawhati Constituency. When asked by reporters what he thinks about the demand of the civil society for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
It is learned that the property, which was searched, is a three-storey building, in which the room at the bottom is a meeting room and has been rented and used for these purposes. claim.
This will benefit the people if we can allocate funds to the schemes faster.
Expressing that the State now needs people who take the post of Chief Minister to be true legislators and not those who take the Constituencies as places to invest and make money, Bah Eldie said, “The question is The 60 MLAs we sent to the Legislative Assembly, have done so far...what is the contribution they have made to the welfare of the Jaidbynriew but we see only various jyrsieh and this is it. the victory of such MLAs".
When the incident occurred, the rawon who took part in the competition, demanded from the organizers, that they should return all the ticket money which they had bought at T 2000 per ryngwiang and that the organizers should also They have decided to pay and some of them have not yet received their tickets.
India has so far ranked fourth, after the United States, Brazil and Russia, in the number of cases.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 85 cases and of these 58 cases are civilians.
Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton Lyngdoh said, “I don't agree to speak in Khasi and I feel that MLAs should speak in English”.
The meeting was conducted by Adiam U Bthuh, District Secretary MBS&G-West Jaintia Hills. the National Anthem.
Before handing over his resignation letter, Bajop met with the President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee, Vincent H Pala and spoke briefly.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 13: As part of the preparations for the Lok Sabha elections, the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) comprising the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the HSPDP have held a meeting to discuss the issue. start to campaign for elections or explain to the public the issues and plans to move forward.
Sanbor also alleged that the incumbent Congress MP has wasted his time in Parliament because there are very few development projects coming to the state.
The inability of the Government to disclose the findings of this report is against the rule of law because it is the people who force the Government to conduct a Judicial Inquiry. It is a threat to the lives of many churches including the Sengbhalang and it is a threat to democracy.
He said that after his song did not arrive he went to complain to the post office but sadly they said that they could not pay for the goods or deliver them. However, they paid more for the speed post which is T.
Brostar Tyrsa, one of the youth leaders of the area, said that it takes about four hours to walk from Rwiang to Umshynrut. but if you are not able to walk, it will take about four and a half or five hours.
· This writer has also tried to intimidate the Hynniewtrep people with the decision of the High Court in
Why don't you protest against the failed education policy of our government?
According to this rule, the ratio of 2:1 recruitment has been allocated to the candidates. by examination and those who should be promoted.
It is highly suspected that the robbers used weapons to rob Samla Fullmoon.
The AH & Vety Department has confirmed this after receiving a report from the North Eastern Regional Disease Diagnostic Laboratory of the Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary at Khanapara, Guwahati. Meghalaya.
Laitkyrhong scored the fourth goal in the 58th minute through Synsharborlang Kurkalang.
During the Civic Action Program which was held at Umsyiem, the selected Dorbar Shnongs were distributed with sentences, blankets, sports equipment, booklets and blankets. residents.
Shillong, July 4: U Bah Shainborlang Syiemiong, of Jakrem, who was one of the candidates for the police post, was arrested today. Rolin Wahlang, one of his neighbours, from the same village.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Banteidor said that since he became an MDC in 2014, he has a desire to develop the area and it is because the people have given their trust by supporting the In 2018, he was appointed as the Minister in charge of Sports and here he has had more opportunities to develop the area from roads, health centers and others.
Nongstoiñ, March 27: Two Khasi youths, Bijoy Rynñiaw, 24, and Joynohstat Samakha, from Langpih village, were arrested by the Assam Police on Tuesday evening.
There is a demand among the people to get a district before Independence Day (15th August)
There was also a portrait of Xi Jinping, which was later burnt.
“What we can do as we have done in the past, except that the roster system should not work from behind, it should be that way.
In addition, the funds will be allocated to Tata AIA's Param Rakshak Solutions.
Peshawar, June 17: Pakistani Islamic State leader Hafiz Muhammad Saeed has been killed after a roadside bomb exploded unexpectedly, media reported.
Fighting between Israeli troops and Hamas militants continues after 24 hours of attacks by Hamas militants in western Israel.
The Taliban have been fighting Afghan troops in recent days, with fighting intensifying in parts of Kandahar.
Inside this university when we compare the campuses in Meghalaya and Manipur we can see that in Manipur, about 95%, this university allows Manipuris to work from the rank of Manipuri to But why can't the people of Meghalaya get the same opportunity in our own country?
The Border Security Force (BSF) in collaboration with the Meghalaya Police, seized a large quantity of drugs, clothes and paintings worth T.88 lakh. It is located on the border with Bangladesh.
Instead of peace, peace has brought about many kinds of problems in society.
But given the value, severity of disruption, the time thieves are the bigger ones.
Shillong: Amanda Pakyntein today filed her nomination papers from the PDF Mawkynrew for the KHADC elections to be held on 27th June.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PHE, Dr RC Laloo and the Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, may meet with the Minister of Urban Affairs to explain and request not to count the money allocated for the project. this water scheme.
There are 13,65,704 confirmed cases, 1,23,36,036 recoveries and 11,11,79,578 injections so far.
According to Kong RM Kurbah, the health department has already checked or tested all the relatives of the man who tested positive for COVID-1 The results of these tests are that they are still clean and negative, so the health officials have ordered all the public not to They should not leave their homes, but they should always obey the orders of the government.
In the women's category, Ribathiang Dkhar St. Mary Mazzarelo Girls HS School won the third prize.
Shillong: U Bah Charles Marngar MDC of the Congress party from Mawhati Constituency, while speaking to media today, said that the state government has not released the funds allocated to the councils. The Central Government through the Ministry of Finance has said that this is illegal.
When Bah Adelbert expressed his dissatisfaction with this decision, Bah Metbah said, “I have received the approval of the House and the House does not accept the Bill.
Even if you lose a little bit of land, it is better than being robbed and robbed because there is no border.
Children under 20 years of age born before 1st July 2023 are eligible to participate in this tournament.
The ancients knew how to raise and care for the forests.
Paiem Ken Syiem, said that as the former village leaders have sent a letter and informed to suspend the election of Rangbah Shnong, he has listened to the voice of the people and from the He said that he will send a report to the Hima Mylliem and whatever order the Hima Mylliem will take will be done because the election of the Rangbah Shnong should be by the decision of the people. church, said Paiem Ken King.
The advisor of the union Khroo L Pariat brought the seeds in collaboration with the university.
Continuing from the previous match, Arunachal failed to beat Meghalaya by 104/6
Shillong: The NPP government with the support of the UDP and the BJP, including the PDF, is likely to come tomorrow.
Therefore, the Union and as the leader of the area would like to pay special tribute to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi and also to the SP of Ri Bhoi for these initiatives to bring peace and stability in the area. This election of those leaders and as leaders we expect them to continue to take that responsibility to bring peace and stability and also to bring about many development projects that will benefit the people in These villages are on the border of Block II which is still on the border between Assam and Meghalaya, he added.
“The UN has already sent a letter to repeal the AFSPA in India, but it is still in force.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Synshar first revealed the name of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, his son, who took over the political post after the death of Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
Laitumkhrah candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh has sent a letter to the Shillong East constituency saying that she has already gone from house to house to introduce herself and seek the support of the people of Shillong East constituency. .
However, the VHP is angry that Akbar is the Mughal emperor, while Sita is a Hindi goddess, like the Ramayan, and therefore, it is believed that the imprisonment is in the same household. , is an insult to the Hindu religion and therefore, they demanded that the name of the lioness should be changed.
Laditsak was immediately taken to the Khliehriat Range Office and during the investigation, Laditsak Lungtau said that the meat he carried belonged to the wild animal Rynjang.
The elderly, the women and the educated youth, men and women, have begun to raise their voices and express their concern and have also begun to see the decline in the rule of law, the economy and the country. book, reading and dangle until all the jobs.
And once you have made a mistake in the rule of law, you have made a mistake from head to toe.
All the nine abductees are from South Salmara, Manchachar district of Assam.
Leaders of the Seng, including President Bah John Lyngdoh and Samla Enlang Sawian, Secretary, while talking to reporters, said that in fact, the reason for getting trading licenses for foreigners is because they have shops to water is the owner of the state.
The Manipur government has evicted the last of 10 Kuki families including 24 members from New Lambulane area of ​​Manipur where they have lived for decades. They have been evacuated from anywhere even after the fierce violence in Manipur which lasted for nearly four months.
Proverbs 31:45, “It is not for kings, O Lemuel, for kings to drink wine, nor for princes to say, Where's the alcohol? When they drink, they forget the law and pervert judgment.
The AAP has won and therefore, we believe that the capital of India will be the most diverse state in terms of governance.
What is the relationship between man and God? It is because God is spirit.
Riewhadem is grown in Khasi-Jaintia only for rice bran.
“It is for this reason that there will be a protest to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the state,” said Bah Anthony.
The 108 Emergency Services under the leadership of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union have urged the Government not to hand over the 108 Ambulances to other Government departments for emergency use in the state.
If we look at the history of Meghalaya, since the beginning of the state, there have been college teachers who have become leaders of political parties and there have also been leaders in the Legislative Assembly. of the state.
This is a pride for us as citizens.
God says, “My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge.
Islamic leader Anjem Choudary will appear in a London court on Monday.
Shillong, Lber 22: U MLA of Mawshynrut, Bah Witting Mawsor, has rejected the government's proposal to sell land to the BSF in Umjarain, Nongstoin. the meeting was held today.
The LBTPS will provide support to the residents through training and public awareness campaigns for the purpose of creating employment opportunities, preserving the culture, ensuring cleanliness and health in the area as well as preaching understand and protect the environment.
The RBYF leaders also expressed their concern over the confusion in the distribution of electricity bills and especially in relation to the sudden increase in the electricity bills to some households, because according to the information of the RBYF , said that there have been households who have received bill light of more than Rs 5 lakh, while their use is only at home.
However, it may be recalled that this place has caused many problems in the past many years and it is not known whether the government has resolved this issue or not because there have been many allegations and comments in the associated with this swimming area.
Many of the parents and children don't have the time to learn as in the past”.
" Bah Deng said [continued]
Regarding this incident, the Governments of Assam and Meghalaya on 30th July 2023, at a meeting held in Guwahati, decided to conclude the investigation of the Judicial Commission of the two states. He will soon be handed over to the CBI for investigation.
The Club has grown rapidly and become famous in Football, Hockey and Athletics since 1944 onwards.
Sugar -2kgs per 3 customers From items -2 kg per 4 customers.
During the investigation, they confessed that the sugar was intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
As a result, AT & C losses of DISCOMs have decreased from 22% in FY21 to 16.44% in FY22.
Amlarem, July 14: The Pdengshakap PHC in Pdengshakap village under Amlarem Sub-Division has reached the limit now that they have to suspend on the 13th of July, those who come to The PHC has been sleeping in the dark for more than three months due to lack of electricity. It is difficult for the doctors and staff to work in the dark especially at night.
This question arose after Jesus opened the eyes of a blind man on the Jewish Sabbath in ancient Israel.
Besides the fact that the environment has already been polluted by the activities of mankind, it has now been found that the water is not safe for us.
On Saturday last month, Umsohsun Urban Community Health Care Center conducted another vaccination campaign at Riatsamthiah Community Hall. 18 years old to 44 years old can come for injection.
Nongtnger said that the girl has been missing for about a month and she is a sweet child and lives alone with her 15 year old brother. The incident occurred at Siejlieh village which is only 2 KM from Nongstoin.
Speaking to reporters after taking over as the new MLA from Mawshynrut Constituency, Bah Methodios Dkhar said, “I would like to extend my special thanks to all the supporters and staff and The leaders of Mawshynrut Constituency, who have worked tirelessly from the beginning and endured many difficulties until they reaped this glorious victory”.
A scooty with register number ML05-P-6944, three mobile phones, a passbook belonging to one of the three and a plate were also seized.
He finished his first Serie A season with 21 goals including 8 assists and won the Serie A Award for Most Valuable Player. Juventus beat Bayern Leverkusen 3-0 in the Champions League group stage.
To curb the illegal Coke factories the government has taken all the necessary measures to keep the environment clean.
In East Garo Hills, there are 7 cases including 2 health workers and 5 high risk cases.
Furthermore, to prohibit any further dealings with this country, whether in trade, travel and to confiscate all the money and other assets of this country abroad.
Before creating man, God had a purpose for each person.
Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem was the chief guest in the presence of E Lyngdoh BPM C&RD Umling Block, Bah Diren Klein Rangbah Shnong Marmain, together with the office bearers of the VO including the President Manita Rahang and the office bearers of these 10 SHGs. Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem encouraged the VO leaders and the Various SHGs on this day to be able to work harder and better for the benefit of women and also to bring about changes in the village as a whole, to be able to set up jobs, to stand on your own feet and also to be able to reach out to other women.
"Bah Kharshiing in his speech, said that through the holding of such tournaments, it will help the State to develop more and more talented players. within the country and other sports.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah added that the law enforcement agencies will continue to do whatever is necessary to prevent such incidents, so that they will not affect the lives and livelihoods of the residents.
Since the independence of the State in 1972, no Government has taken responsibility for the land of the Defense Department of the Government of India in Shillong.
Nongpoh: The Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan, Nongpoh, in collaboration with the Group & Pound MMA Gym, Meghalaya, has organized a program to promote violence against women. Special training should be given to young women on how to protect themselves if any men intend to do harm.
On 24th November 2020, the Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum (JHADC) held a meeting with the CEM of JHADC, Ma Thombor Shiwat in the presence of DyCM Lasky Rymbai, EM WG Sungo in charge of Trade. , the MDC of Barato – Mukroh Constituency; Chandame Sungoh, Chairman and Damechwa Syrti, Finance Secretary.
Earlier, Israel reportedly launched an offensive in Gaza, killing 10 Palestinians.
Goes to deny that the “Jaid Dkhars" are descendants of non-Khasi women.
Deputy Commissioner Keerti Jalli has also held an emergency meeting with officials of the North East Frontier Railways and the Public Health and Engineering Department (PHED). .
Last Saturday, Marius Sumer of the same village passed away at home.
“The reason for this is because we don't have leaders in the Secretariat but we have bosses and if we allow these bosses to continue in power it will destroy the state,” he said.
In this incident, Kong Agnes Kharshiing, President of CSWO, was arrested and detained on charges of preventing MUDA employees from demolishing illegal houses on government land.
Lian Ch Sangma (26 & 55) scored two goals while Konaton Rabha (60+2) scored the other.
If you are wrong, you are wrong.
The opposition also demanded that there should be a Prime Minister of India to speak on the bloodshed in Manipur.
This is a song by Bah, which talks about going to school from childhood and how parents work hard to send their children to school and educate them.
“The laws of the Central Government have brought violence to the customs and traditions of the state and Paragraph 12 (A) (b) of the Sixth Schedule is a misleading law and should be repealed,” he said. said Dr Sangma.
It is said that the strength of the asteroid will cause damage, as if it were a nuclear attack and it is said that a person will die only by the sound of the asteroid's movement, even if it is up to 10 miles. of distance from its orbit followed by an earthquake, a terrible fire and even a storm of sea water.
Shouldn't this age think again that the kingdoms should work together in such great matters, instead of wasting their strength, time and money to fight and kill? one by one.
The district authorities can also monitor the increase in the price of food items and not just give the reason as it has been reported in the media that the increase in price is due to the lack of trucks entering the city during the day.
“I have discussed the issue of the Jowai Municipal Board with the Minister of Urban Affairs where this time a lot of assistance worth billions of rupees will arrive to start or implement the construction works under the jurisdiction of the Municipal. ,” said Wailadmiki and added that he has taken action to look after the problems of the villages which have been placed in urban areas due to the lack of assistance from the government to develop the villages.
“We don't have a far-sighted government, which has a proper policy, but we have a government that provides us only during elections, if we don't have a far-sighted government and no policy. The HSPDP will appoint leaders to correct the minds of the people and not to mislead the people,” he said. let Ardent.
The first general meeting of the JHADCPA, Jowai will be held on 27.03.2021 at the District Library, Mynthong, Jowai at 12 noon.
The group of those who passed the examination has set a deadline for the government after it failed to respond to their letter which expired on 21st July
Of the 41 dead, 39 were students and 2 others were residents of the village near the school.
He added that the desire to have a Khasi as the Chief Minister should not be a problem because if the Chief Minister is a Garo, Khasi or Jaintia, they are also Meghalayans.
It may be recalled that the shop has been closed since 27th November 2020 after the detection of those who have been in contact with those who have been infected with corona virus.
The answer of many is sufficient to say that the main reason is the electorate and not the leaders.
After the Government decided to allow students or residents of the state to return home, the Government has suddenly announced that it cannot accommodate all the residents. of those who have returned home in the Quarantine Centers provided by the Government.
He said that as the Minister of the Hima Nonglang Sirdarship, he is also concerned about the damage to the environment by cutting down the forests, trees and shrubs. The destruction of forests, wildlife, birds and even underwater fish, they can no longer eat and this has caused them to disappear slowly.
“The state government should introduce rules to punish companies that violate the Land Transfer Act by illegally purchasing land, which is the responsibility of the Revenue Department to ensure that enforce the law".
“At present, there is no leader who understands these problems of the people and who speaks for them in the House or in the ruling government,” she said. She has decided to contest the 2023 election from East Shillong against Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA who has won since 2008 and other candidates.
I also express my gratitude for their support to our candidates and urge them to work harder so that the party candidates will win,” he said.
Continuation Bahdeng holds her in his arms and his soul trembles, his body rises.
She suddenly stopped working on the morning of 3rd March, and was pronounced dead at 7 pm from cardiac arrest and lung damage after more than a month of pregnancy. children in the womb.
Male seeds, as small as pollen grains, can fall from this male flower into the silks of the female flowers of the same plant or of another plant, and when they Then the symbols of the riewhadem began to appear.
“At present, the role of Rangbah Shnong has not been clearly defined by law.
Shillong: Sohra, Shillong, has received heavy rainfall today, according to the Meteorological Survey of India.
If the Government doesn't do it, it's better.
“We as the Nongsynshar Shnongs have the same sorrow and condemnation over the shooting death of four persons in Mukroh but the Union requests other Village Leaders and also various organizations to cooperate. “We are working together to maintain peace and order and any violence that could affect the society especially in the city,” said the Chairman of the Union, Bah Bantyllilang Nari. Club.
He said that not only cows or any illegal activities, the border guards, take action and be vigilant to protect the country from crime and violence and also to avoid many illegal activities. you're bad.
This too, in any way, has affected the Khasi-Khasei people.
Bah GS Hynniewta , President of MBCC , welcomed the guests and expressed his gratitude to all the people who came to attend the meeting He also expressed his gratitude to Bah PN Syiem and Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, who came to encourage and encourage the supporters of the Congress Party in Mawsynram.
We humbly request you the people to join us for the sake of the life and death of our area,” said the statement.
His wish was that Ri Jaintia should govern itself, by itself and for itself and not by any other foreign race, whether white or black.
Nongstoin, June 19: The Block Health Mela was held on the first day of this month at Umdang village under Mawshynrut Block organized by the DM&HO office, Nongstoin.
The drama about Kiang Nangbah was performed by Chillaingraij, Loompyrdi Iongpiah, Kiri Dolloi by Lamlyer Group from Shangpung and Panaliar by Begum Hazrat Mahal, one of the first women of the country to fight against the British. year 1857.
He also promised to continue to donate every year for the needs of the community, said a statement sent by Sports Secretary Samla Ferland Swer.
I would provide you with the type of gift cards and the amount of each.
The West Jaintia Boxing Association (WJA) on Saturday welcomed the boxing stars of the district who have brought glory to the district and the state as a whole after winning medals in the North East Olympic Games.
Speaking to the protesters, NESO Chairman Samuel B Jyrwa said, “With the joint support of various political parties, NESO demands that the Government of India should take action to bring peace and stability in the country. in the State of Manipur.
The residents of these villages, said that they have been wanting roads, because since these villages were established for dozens of years and have received many leaders, but until now they have not received roads, therefore they They demanded that the state government should improve the road in the area so that the people can travel easily.
Only then did he send her to come back the next day to the police station.
To prevent the spread of COVID-19, it is necessary to keep a distance from each other and to follow the safety measures in such places.
The incident occurred at 6 pm this evening, when these Dkhars, threw stones and stole the stones at the same time.
There are only 7 factories in the Industrial Area Mawiaban but the Seng has found that there are 100 factories in the Mawiaban Industrial Area. The department said that a factory should have only one machine to operate but it was found that one mill has up to three or four machines.
This initiative will reduce the expenditure of the State from its own resources if received from the Commission.
“I would also like to thank all those senior officers before me who have been Principals and Lecturers especially the Chief Superintendent of Police, the DGP who has entrusted me to be the Principal and also the Police who serve the country and the nation,” said Bah Lakador Syiem.
I am not yet a high-ranking official but I have heard from my officers and from some of my higher-ranking contractor colleagues.
PMGKAY AAY and PHH rice will be distributed at 5 kilos per head.
“The ban on cow slaughter will continue until further notice,” said Bah Warlarpih.
We should no longer blame those organizations for our own responsibilities.
“If you don't have a reason, don't you stop,” said another.
“If we can't give only oxygen, it doesn't matter, the patient will die,” said Dr Sunil Saggar, CEO of Shanti Mukand Hospital in New Delhi.
It also contains vitamin E and carotenoids, which have the ability to fight diseases and bacteria, inflammation, coronary artery diseases, degenerative nerve diseases, and diabetes mellitus.
Your father has a travel history, but he has not completed his quarantine.
Wahumkhrah and Umshyrpi in the State have been given the title of the dirtiest river, the danger is that the Myntdu River will be given the title of lifeless water.
The deceased was identified as Arjun Ray, 52, resident of Nongmensong, Shillong.
Shillong: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA of KHNAM, on Tuesday urged Bah Lahkmen Rymbui to visit Police Bazar and see for himself the presence of prostitutes in Police Bazar. .
All the offices of the State Government will be closed on Saturday, 7th November 2013, said Kropha.
“In one day alone, 21 marriages have been registered in Mawphlang, besides 750 marriages have been completed this year,” said Bah Tariang.
This decision came after the Government promised to convene a meeting with the VPP to discuss the issue.
When contacted by Rupang, some of the shyiap vendors said that even after the NGT has banned the mining of stone and shyiap, the price of shyiap and stone has remained unchanged. they have not increased or decreased in price for about three months.
Barcelona beat Bayern Munich 8-2 ​​in the Champions League on Saturday.
It is because of this approach, the Prime Minister said that a new desire has come and the feeling of neglect among billions of citizens has ended.
The Sengkmie strongly warns that if anyone is found involved in allowing the mining of uranium and the long-term stockpile, it will not forgive anyone, said the Publicity Secretary of the Sengkmie, Bah Emdor Buam.
Among them, three persons did not want to apply for permission from MUDA and withdrew their permission letters.
Marak was arrested on 13th June and was detained for 14 days before being taken to a hospital for fever and other illnesses from the throat, eyes and stomach.
“That is why all those in the MDA cannot say that they are not friends with the BJP. The UDP, NPP and all those political parties cannot say that they have nothing to do with the BJP. It is time for us to warn now that we don't need and don't want any of these BJP parties. However, turn directly to the Congress, because the Congress is the party of the people. , for the people and to the people," he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: U President of India, Pranab Mukherjee today adjourned the session of the Lok Sabha, which was also led by the Congress party. all necessary before the formation of a new government.
It is not for a woman to rise above a man".
Shillong, Nailar 16: The Lumparing Peitngor Group has alleged that the Syiem of Mylliem Hima has been arrested by the BSF. The allegation came after the Seng Raid Laban found that the Seng Raid Laban had violated the rules of procedure. for three countries three places.
Speeches were also delivered by the District Incharge in which he urged and requested the members to be people who know people, know God, have respect and humility and should also be helpers. They are at the forefront of the people in any problems they face in their lives without prejudice.
“We want to give a deadline to the PWD (R) department to clean up this road before Christmas as this road is a source of comfort for the people in coming and going. The PWD (R) department has disappointed the people of Mawdun,” he added.
The leaders demanded that the three Lokayukta officers who have been dismissed by the government should be reinstated after they investigated and found corruption in the construction of the MDC Hostel and the GHADC. The chargesheet was filed against Conrad Sangma's brother-in-law, Sanjay Sangma.
However, police have not yet identified the suspect involved in the shooting.
Energy-related businesses and industries in India are facing a unique situation right now.
Daplin is also like Lanosha.
Various hospitals have been unable to accommodate patients across the country and the army has opened another new hospital, which can treat 1,500 people.
Those who submit false declarations, the Regional Transport Authority may revoke or cancel their permit.
It was known decades ago that the border villages were the most developed villages and this was through their relationship with Bangladesh, where rice, jhur, food and drink were produced. byllai, which cannot be obtained from the market; But these days, after the separation of India and Bangladesh, we see that things have gotten worse and these days, the border markets have died and the reason is From the separation of the two countries, that method, which has been done all the time, and it can also be said, that the market between the two countries, has disappeared, while the market of wealth, increased and especially the smuggling trade, increased rapidly.
According to the report, the truck (NL 01 AD 4856) was coming from Shillong to Guwahati to unload Coke when it reached the first part opposite the office of the Deputy Commissioner. Ribhoi, a small vehicle has passed from one road to another without giving a signal.
Chairman of the Sub Committee on District Council Affairs, Bah Bindo M Lanong, said that the UDP MDCs will investigate from the source so that these allegations on these nine issues will be resolved. bright.
“There is nowhere in the Constitution of India that says that Hindi is the National Language,” he said.
The struggle was established by fighting through the fighters who were considered as true leaders and volunteers until they did not even consider being imprisoned.
“We have witnessed similar incidents in 2010 in Langpih village and until now the refugees have not received their rights and therefore we demand from the Government of Meghalaya to show more authority over the “We have taken the incident to the Central Government and demanded that the Assam Government should hand over the police involved in the shooting death of four civilians,” he added.
He said that up to 70 metric tonnes of plastic has been collected across the state today.
In an email sent to the Principal of Shillong College, the NAAC said, “Your college has been promoted to A+ Accreditation with a CGPA of 3.33 points for the next 5 years from 24-06-2 .
In a letter to the Convenor, the UDP said that they have received information that the Union of Rangbah Shnongs will hold a public meeting on the 30th of this month at Madan Student to discuss the issue. you die.
At the same time, he said that if the law enforcement agencies do not act, the party will have to go to the higher authorities whether to go to the Lokayukta and not to demand a CBI inquiry.
The environment has changed.
Despite these challenges, the EC under the leadership of the Waheh Shnong will continue to do good deeds as permitted by law for the benefit of the residents of Bakur. public not to believe false allegations.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District said that as part of the programme, Ri-Bhoi District has been allocated as an Aspirational District for the development of self-development. Help Group of this district in many ways.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 34 new cases and 1465 active cases in the State.
The union said that this statement is baseless and the intention is only to mislead them.
It is good that the Government should take action.
The union urged the school authorities that this problem should not be faced by the students in the coming days.
Jowai, November 14: There will be only one match of the 2nd Division which will start at 2:15 pm between Umphrup SC and Lumshyiap SC. The 3rd Sniawbhalang Football Tournament 2023 was held today at the Wahiajer Stadium.
It is on this basis that our teaching, the Khasi, since ancient times, “is the highest morality in the world.
JYO Central Body Jowai said that it will soon inspect the bridge to ban cross-border trucks, said a statement from the President of JYO Central Body, Bah Banker Lymba.
“So far, we have received requests from 14, 15 women, who want to give birth on 22nd July
In many countries of the world they say that a distance of about 20 feet is good for sohniamtra.
After he built Kongthong, he said that the residents of three villages requested him to build them and he said that he decided to build Sder, Mawmang and Mawsohmad. don near this village.
Shillong, Nailur 26 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Monday said that unemployment is a serious issue facing all governments.
With the aim of restoring peace and order in the society especially to curb crime, members of the Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) on Sunday evening visited the Nongstoiñ Market to conduct a drug raid in this area.
In the Third Division, Myrjai beat Khlieh Shnong Ialong 2-0
The Sub-Inspector is in charge of the Partharkhmah Out Post, Ri Bhoi District.
The Night Super bus was on its way to Guwahati when it collided with a truck parked on the side of the road. it was severely damaged in the front parts.
This was announced by the Prime Minister in a tweet this morning.
“I urge the residents of Meghalaya and Assam to refrain from any cause of trouble so that we can take a decision to resolve these issues,” he added.
If the Police Department continues to increase its patrols in Shillong at night, even the criminals will be afraid of the chains of the law.
Last month, Lajong lost 2-1 to Neroca at home.
In the incident, the Deputy Commissioner and his PSO were strongly criticized by the people and there was a fight. There was an attempt to knieh the key of the vehicle to prevent the driver from playing chess, but the driver of the pickup showed force. The Personal Security Officer of the pickup, as it was his duty to protect the DC, used minor force, due to the negligence of the pickup driver to keep the DC away from the pickup driver. .
The celebration of Lent begins on Sunday and lasts for six months until Easter.
On the other hand, the President of the party, Bah Charles Pyngrope, urged the party leaders from Mylliem to work hard to achieve the fruit of victory.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma together with a Cabinet of Ministers including Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister, Minister of Urban Development, Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of Social Welfare and u Renikton Tongkhar, Minister of PHE, Government of Meghalaya, on Tuesday, 23rd November 2022, as part of a visit to Mukhroh, as part of a visit to Mukhroh. The residents of Mukhroh village were arrested by the Assam Police on the morning of 22nd November.
Among the many organizations, however, we see that the rights and customs that have emerged from the new identity of the Khun Khasi Khara Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum have declined and declined.
On the hunger strike, she said that this was done for the sake of the entire nation and not for any political party.
There are 8 teams participating in this day.
“This 1% has cost billions but not even 10% of the muster rolls have been received and this shows that they have been discriminated against and deprived of their rights,” said Paswet. arrears of daily wages which have never been increased.
“The FKJGP is angry and surprised to see that the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma will lay the foundation stone at Rerapara for the opening of a new Block in the area,” said Marbud. Dkhar, President of FKJGP, Mawlai Circle.
This will affect the health of all people in the world.
He said that in Meghalaya we have two ethnic groups, Garo and Khasi, which are divided into two parts in the employment process, 40% for Garo, 40% for Khasi and 20% for Khasi. way part.
Medical science says, "Alcohol harms the health, damages the heart, the kidneys, and destroys the lungs and respiratory system.
In the last seven years since 2018, the shortage of water in the Umïam Dam in the month of June has increased this year.
Shillong, Nailar 3: A woman named Pooja K Ram from Umpling, Mawlai Presbyterian High School, has been shocked and surprised by the incident. to start her teaching career as a mathematics teacher at the school.
H Lamin, Pro VC of NEHU and Chairman of the Task Force Committee, which will oversee the smooth running of the Community College in Wahiajer West Jaintia Hills.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, first of all, thanked Richard Lyngdoh, President of Young Mind and the members, who have worked hard to organize this festival. The purpose of the festival is to encourage the cultivation of strawberries, especially in Ri Bhoi, which is one of the most suitable areas for strawberry cultivation.
According to them, the society has not accepted them as others.
These 9,000 candidates are residents of Tripura, but they are taking the examination in West Bengal, as the Tripura Board of Secondary Education (TBSE) has been in operation since 1st July Prime Minister Narendra Modi today unveiled a statue of Sardar Vallabhai Patel, the fighter of the WBBSE. independent of the country, which is 182 meters high.
Before administering CPR, check the patient’s condition.
Speeches were delivered by the Chief Guest, President of KSU Sohiong Circle Samla Donborlang Mawlong and conducted by Samla M Thabah Secretary. Sordar, School Students and others who were invited.
He said that in fact, the party had sent a letter to the Indian government to appoint a ksiang to talk to the party but now Dr Mukul wants to create a way to get a share.
They were last seen at around 5 pm on Tuesday.
If the grounds and grounds of Government Offices are not clean, how can the Government expect the grounds and grounds of the people to be clean?
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) in a statement has expressed its full support to the police department especially in East Khasi Hills under the leadership of the incumbent Superintendent of Police, Claudia Lyngwa. to curb the smuggling of drugs into the state.
The incident was witnessed and was said to have been caused by a clash between members of the PDF and members of the Myanmar Military. with the support of the Meitei rebels.
Not only that, but when the committee submits and sends it to the government, the government cannot accept in toto the suggestions of the committee.
Farmers will find it difficult to market their produce and if they cannot market it will be a huge loss for them.
M.Syiem, to the PWD NH department regarding the damage to the road of Lummawbah village and the concern among the residents and owners of vehicles passing through this road, but until now the U Bah PM Syiem has written a letter to the EE PWD to give him 10 days from the 2nd of November to repair the Lummawbah road before it happens. any injuries to the villagers who pass by.
My mother and Panah got up later.
Tura District Cricket Association FC on Tuesday beat West Jaintia Hills DCA by six wickets in the final of the U-19 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament. (MCA) was held at Salpara Square, Mendipathar.
He also suggested to the authorities to find ways to protect the fish from being burnt or slaughtered so that the fish will not lose their species as the fish helps to develop the crops. .
Holy Land).
He said that as the case is urgent, we will try to give a decision on the case on that day.
The Seng also understands that if the Jowai Municipal Board does not take action on this request, the Seng will consider and take the necessary action.
When asked, the Prime Minister said that there are rules and regulations for the evacuation of people and they have to be followed.
In Meghalaya, the DDUGKY scheme has been implemented since 2017 by the SIRD at Nongsder, Ri-Bhoi District.
Today, as the session of the Legislative Assembly approaches, we have introduced a Bill to repeal the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act,” Sangma said. message.
Police said that after examination, they found that the drugs were worth T.105 crore.
Young people have to work hard and spend many hours a day preparing books in addition to attending training.
The village headmen are in darkness because if they issue syrnod they will be prosecuted for violating the court decision,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
The Shillong Premier Football League (SPL) will hold a trial for the 2023 season.
The 67-year-old Governor has been accused of turning the Raj Bhavan into a young ladies club, in which about 80 employees of the Raj Bhavan have also admitted. They have sent a letter of complaint to President Pranab Mukherjee and Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Some friends who have the same aim to bring about a clean environment have conducted a cleanliness drive in the Myntdu River from Syntu Ksiar, Lynter and other parts.
They also expressed their opposition to the government on this dismissal until it affects the income and employment opportunities where the government often intends to create jobs for the people. However, here in Ri-Bhoi District, the government has dismissed them from their jobs, which has affected their income and their families as a whole.
With this victory, these schools will now be able to represent East Jaintia Hills District at the State Level to be held this month.
Matthew 24:34.
Shillong, November 3: Leaders of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (UVHA) today met with the Minister of Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju and submitted a petition to him. , in which they demanded that the Khasi District Council, the Village Administration Bill, 2015 and also the Village Administration Bill, should not be passed. The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has been approved by the Governor of the State.
“The DIG said that according to information, the HNLC now has only 20-30 members.
When I receive information and complaints from all over, that you don't look after the elders and leaders of the Seng in many districts and don't give them the respect they deserve.
Shillong, July 05: The Minister of PWD (B), Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that she is ready to fight against the allegations of involvement in the recruitment of LP School teachers in the state. which happened in 2008-09 when she was in charge of the education department that year.
He said the speech will focus on the steps taken by the government in relation to the incident in Mukroh village and will also mention the peace talks between the government and the HNLC which have been in various parts of the country. ends.
The reason for the opposition is that besides the fact that the area is already overcrowded, it will cause problems to the area and will cause the village to become more overcrowded.
What do you care about, when you have dismissed 1000 teachers from govt lp schools...you don't give jobs to me.
Will the people in 2023 vote for VH Pala? Regarding other political parties that won in 2018, including the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) led by Bah Ernest Mawrie, who won two constituencies.
A few days ago, the world's billionaire, Jeff Bezos, announced that he would go to heaven or to space, but as soon as he learned about it, there were many people and they are about 56 thousand. Jeff, an Amazon employee, has decided to ban Jeff from returning to the world.
The State Election Committee of the party today held a meeting to discuss the election process.
They issue laws and force the people to worship them, they force the mouths of the inhabitants and they create laws to bind and imprison the people.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, has expressed his desire to be among the athletes of the State who will win medals at the 2032 Olympics to be held in Australia.
Many times the governments receive a lot of revenue from the food and beverage industry even in our state until there is a home delivery of kiad.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has honored this young woman after she won a bronze medal in the Pankration World Championship, which was held in Tashkent, Uzbekistan, from 2 to 4 January.
Lenovo has also provided assistance to write articles in local languages ​​to empower teachers to become leaders in the classrooms so that education can reach the grassroots of society. part of India.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the State, Dr BDR Tiwari on Tuesday said that the police and district authorities who are responsible for the conduct of the elections are closely monitoring the situation. as well as the events that happen.
When inquired, he said that they have not yet received the names of the Rangbah Shnong candidates, but all the requirements will be completed on the same day of election.
Later, a review meeting on peace and order was held in Imphal.
The biggest question mark for the Indian National Congress is whether the Indian National Congress will lose its name from Meghalaya after the 2023 Assembly MLA elections.
The vehicle was coming from Nongstoin to Shillong and 7 people were inside the vehicle and 2 people were killed, while another vehicle was drowned and 4 people were injured. released.
“In our lives we human beings find there are times when we are blessed, there are times when we are warned and there are times when we suffer,” he said.
Russian doctors have had to treat these more obvious illnesses first, and Putin has had to rest for several days.
Remember to avoid homemade alcoholic beverages and to exercise during pregnancy as this can lead to miscarriage or difficulties during childbirth.
The KSU also demanded the establishment of an Emergency Number for the convenience of students and staff to report if anyone suspects of having symptoms of the coronavirus.
The purpose of this ban is to prevent the use of money in this election especially in Jaintia Hills where there are allegations of money laundering in almost all the constituencies.
As time went by, some writers began to write fictional or true stories, novels, religious books, school textbooks and others.
They said that they are saddened to see that such statements appear in the media without knowing the facts because the MLA of Mawhati when he was not an MLA had sent aid to the The Catholic Church where these leaders have forgotten the good deeds he has done.
The Joint Movement Committee for Corridor recently requested the Prime Minister of Bangladesh Sheikh Hasina to expedite the allocation of land for the construction of these railway lines from Balurghat-Hili (West Bengal) to Mahendraganj. Tura (Meghalaya) through Bangladesh.
:The Khasi song “Ha Syndah” is a song with the participation of the tyngshop, Drewda Nongrum and the singer, Siljrang Marak.
Dr Sangma said the government has sent a message to all the Deputy Commissioners and this is the time when all government departments should work together with the DC to fight against the disease.
Besides, due to the shortage of officers in the Headquarters in Nongstoin, police officers both men and women are facing difficulties especially when they have to examine the cases before sending them to the District Court.
The song was produced by Meshan Production, while the camera and editing was done by David Studio @davidmusicproduction.
Shillong: U Bah Granarystarfiled Thangkhiew, brother of Bah Cherish Thangkhiew, on Tuesday said that the family has received and accepted the report of the shooting death of his brother. 9 November 2022.
The Government of Meghalaya has continued its efforts for the development of rural areas, distributing financial assistance on 21st November across the state to 23,491 beneficiaries to ensure economic development in rural areas. farmers who came second in the Direct Benefit Transfer.
Shillong, June 11 : The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has issued terms to continue the peace talks with the Government including the Instrument of Accession (IOA) and the Annexed Agreement (AA). ).
The meeting was held at Pathalgittim in Nongalbibra in the presence of Lahkmen Rymbai, Minister of Education, Thomas A Sangma, Advisor to the Prime Minister, Marcuise N Marak, Secretary of State, Macmillan. Byrsat, Pius Marwein, Jigur Myrthong, all three MLAs and Deputy Commissioners of South and East Garo Hills Districts.
Thank you for contacting us via Email.
The nation is located in that place or land which can be said to be beautiful and attractive to many other nations.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Seng Kmie in a petition sent to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, has raised the question whether Khalai is more important than faith and morality in the state, especially in many religious schools. They have contributed a lot to the students of the state.
It is the duty of the government to ensure that not only the casinos are abolished but also to curb many illegal activities by prioritizing the illegal fete and even the illegal sale of kyiad in the villages. without permission.
Twenty-eight of them were taken to Nonglang PHC while 16 of them were taken to Civil Hospital Nongstoiñ.
Referring to the Shillong Medical College, the Minister said that after the cancellation of the MoU, the government has invited new teams to implement the project in PPP Mode.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) has claimed responsibility for the IED blast in Laitumkhrah market.
Speaking to reporters, Hercules Suting, General Secretary, said that the union is sorry for the complaint of the pig farmers in the district and as the union wants the government to pay special attention to the pig farmers in the state. The government has decided to temporarily suspend the import of these pigs from abroad, which will be a loss for the pig farmers of the state if the pigs in the country are affected by the disease known as of African Swine Fever.
The players who will represent the state in the U-16 category are: Vincent Nirik M. Sangma, Donkam M. Marak, Kangkam G. Momin, Bipush G. Marak, Achang Dildora A. Sangma, Sholinstar Syngkli, Erickson Pamsad. , Medondor Kharbuki, Pynshailang L.Nonglait, Lawan Lambha Pathaw, Pynshai Khongthohrem, Wilbord Thongni, Saindur Rynjah, Samewan Khonglah, Bestius Nongbsap, Alicestar Thangkhiew, Andreau Paul Lyngdoh, Jonathan Mawa, cycle, Rynjah, Khongjee and Nongsiej.
Police of East Jaintia Hills District have seized 2.738 kilograms of heroin worth T.15 crore from the International Market at the International Market. monday.
Chennai Lions, who are still the champions of the tournament, have selected Somnath Ghosh for the upcoming fourth season of the Ultimate Table Tennis (UTT). Indian) and Jorg Bitzigeio of Germany on the day of the selection process for the upcoming season.
Remember that if the farmer dies, you too will not live long.
The launch of the People's Document 2023-28 was attended by Prestone Tynsong, MLAs of the party including Sniawbhalang Dhar, Comingone Ymbon, Wailadmiki Shylla, candidate. Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh from East Shillong and other leaders.
Similarly, as Pakistan has expressed its dissatisfaction with the postponement of the entire tournament from the country, PCB chief executive Sethi has brought forward his suggestion from the country. The Hybrid Model will be implemented in which some of the tournament will be held in Pakistan and some in Sri Lanka.
SHILLONG: A fine of 10 lakh tyngka will be imposed on any contractor who does not build the road properly according to the rules laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Section 198 (A) (2) of the Motor Vehicles Act (Amendment)
Biden congratulated and congratulated all the recipients of the Honorary Medal and said it was their hard work and deeds that led them to receive this special and prestigious medal.
Speaking to media today, Goyal said the ban on heavy vehicles will be from 31st October to 9th June. exactly how to build, it is not to be done in a hurry but to go smoothly.
The Minister said it is important to change the mindset of the people especially the indigenous people of the State and to stop expecting that there will be special allocation in all jobs.
Less educated parents believe what their children say.
For two decades, many organizations have written letters to the Government of India and the State Governments, in which the Justice Reevan Reddy Commission has agreed to repeal the Act. the UN, too, agreed to repeal the law.
Members of the Kyrmen Foundation together with the Waheh Shnong of Pynthorsale, Bah Yooki Phawa and the Secretary of the Village, Bah Pyrdimi Phawa visited the home of the sweet children. Four brothers, the oldest is only 10 years old, these children have lost their mother for more than three years and they have been living with only one brother. They lived in a very small house with a broken house, they cooked their own clothes, ate and slept alone in that small house.
On the same day, the election campaign was held at the same venue under the leadership of Bah Phalastar Mawtyllup Sordar of New Mawlangsu.
They were sent to the Civil Hospital for examination and a case was registered against them. This month, the Judicial Magistrate has sentenced them to a fine of T.5000 tyngka.
Four of the deceased were identified as Merina Sangma, Sabina Marak, Kukila Momin and Tesa Sangma.
Khliehriat, June 12 : The Chairman of Umlaper Village, Bah Poila Pdang, on Tuesday expressed his deep sorrow over the mismanagement of the dewbilat company, Amrit Cement, located in Umlaper Village. For the benefit of the residents, the company has been starting the factory since 2008 and said that until now it has not received any assistance from the company to develop the factory. The residents and the public are also facing problems due to the negligence of the employees of the company.
“And when neither sun nor stars in many days appeared, and no small tempest lay on us, all hope that we should be saved was then taken away.
Although there was a school holiday on that day, the students of the college took part with joy to make this day a working day.
The CEM said that under the new arrangement, the owners of houses have to inform the Dorbar Shnongs when they rent houses to foreigners and they have to put their names properly. there is currently no authority given to them.
Despite the heavy rain, everyone participated in the clean-up with a spirit of enthusiasm and responsibility.
It is to be recalled that this is the fourth time that the Swimming Association (SWKHDSA) has organized this tournament since its inception in year the swimmers are still swimming like in the past or you can say 'village swimming', but in 2018 which is also the second time, the swimmers started to really show their abilities as thou art in other places.
Here are some tips on how to dress and when to dress.
This is the first rynsan in the state to be completed and two more similar rynsan will be built in Jowai and Tura.
Nano fertilizers release enhancers in a very manageable manner and this leads to better utilization of these enhancers and also reduces farmers’ input costs.
At every NPP meeting, Purno has made it clear that he has a desire to achieve Garoland.
The BJP's victory in the Lok Sabha elections came a few months before the MP Lok Sabha elections.
Therefore, the NPP Mawhati office bearers urged the people of Nongkrem to support Dasakhiatbha Lamare so that they can get many development projects. , as Mawhati has already received.
Salvamento Maritimo said that personnel of the department saw a large boat carrying six women and 80 men that day.
The patient has now recovered from the disease after continuing to monitor his condition since the completion of the treatment.
The eTigers will also play to set a record among the 24 countries qualifying for the 2023 FIFAe Nations Cup.
Shillong, July 13: U Bah Erwin Syiem Sutnga, has sent a letter to Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of Home Affairs, in which he expressed his concern over the state of law and order, due to the You are protesting against the railway line in Byrnihat.
The sports ground at the JN Sports Complex in Polo is no longer a sports ground because it has been used for other purposes and for decades or years children and youth have not been able to play sports. to use it.
On the other hand, Basaiawmoit said the EC has decided to appoint the senior Magistrate as the Additional Judge of the Council.
What is that lack? disability is in the shape of a shatri which includes physical dysfunction, occupational exhaustion, lack of opportunity to participate fully in many areas and this is closely related to health problems, lack of educational development, lack of income and poverty which also affect people with disabilities.
These include East Khasi Hills 22, West Garo Hills 8, Ri Bhoi 4, South West Garo Hills 2, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Jaintia Hills 4, Eastern West Khasi Hills 1, East Jaintia Hills 1 and East Garo Hills .
Therefore, the Karbi blockade has affected the lives of the people in this area.
Ma Lakmen said that there are about 700 students from outside the state who have to take the Post Graduate Examination and about 3000 students who have to take the Under Graduate Examination. There are about 22,000 students who will take the Under Graduate Examination and 2,000 students who will take the Post Graduate Examination.
The first prize in the name of Crystal Gayle was awarded to Skhemlang Hynniewta and presented by KN Kumar and Lyngdohsad Dominic Jala.
“ASICS India will continue to strengthen its market presence with the aim of achieving its vision and that is to bring together an active lifestyle and at the same time to ensure the comfort and convenience of the people by wearing these clothes and shoes produced by this company.
"Greetings to all in Eastern.
In the women's category, Bashimti Snaitang won the second prize while Ferenenia Aprillian Kharsyntiew won the third prize.
The award was given to them for their selfless service to the cause.
Shillong, June 18: The 2018 elections will be different for the BJP which does not have a single MLA in the state. to come.
Condemning the attitude of the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam on this incident, he said, “I strongly condemn both the Governments.
Shillong, June : The office of Sr.
However, these two projects remain uncompleted even after 13 years from the date of completion in April, 2017 after the allocation of T.5.31 crore in October,
PC from 10 pm on 23rd October to 5 pm on 26th October 2020 to prevent mass gatherings especially in markets and public places.
Israel on Tuesday captured Hezbollah militants in the east of the country, killing three people in an Israeli bombing.
Shillong, November 30 : The National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya on Saturday commemorated the 161st death anniversary of Woh Kiang Nangbah by laying wreaths and holding a memorial service in front of him. you can find it in the State Central Library.
Khliehriat, March 31: The District Magistrate, East Jaintia Hills District, in an order issued on Tuesday, has announced the enforcement of Section 144CrPC in East Jaintia Hills District. commercial establishments within a distance of 50 meters from any place where there is water.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Powel Lyngdoh, Journalist and Secretary of Shillong Press Club (SPC), said that the Khasi community still lacks writers. still rare.
The launch of the scheme was also implemented in the state, in Tura, Jowai and Shillong, by the Chief Minister.
Crops including rice fields, sugarcane fields and other crops have been destroyed and covered by water and covered with shyiap and soil, and many of the farmland has collapsed. the cover of the river Umiam.
Lehrain is the one who believes.
On the criticism of some MDCs, the CEM said that he has already distributed enough to all and the rest will be distributed for the benefit of the council.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Rangbah Shnongs of Umroi area today explained to the public that they support the demand for ILP by the civil society groups. but should also empower the Shnong and Rangbah Shnong as well as the Syiems to prevent the illegal influx of foreigners into the country.
Is there anyone in the world who doesn't know who Jesus is? Even in India there are those who don't know but ask what party is that Jesus? There are those who hear about him but do not believe, and there are those who believe but do not believe in him.
For those who intend to travel to Shillong and travel by Assam vehicles, there has been a cooperation between drivers from Meghalaya and Assam, where those who travel from Guwahati and those traveling by Assam vehicles, They landed only at Jorabad and those who boarded Meghalaya vehicles to Shillong.
Those who witnessed the event included Bah Victor Rani, MDC Jirang, other senior government officials including Bah H. Malngaing, Managing Director, MHHDC Ltd, Bah D. Syiemiong, BDO Jirang Block. , Bah J.Pohti, Deputy General Manager, MHHDC Ltd and others.
It is learned from the police that during the investigation, it was found that the deceased was living with another friend of his, who is still missing and police are still searching for him. he is a man.
But in the midst of this vision the king did not understand the God of Daniel, and God revealed to the king more and more strange dreams, which Daniel had to interpret.
Mawklot SC won the title by beating Lyngkien SC 2-0 in a thrilling match in the presence of the people of the area.
Shillong, July 24: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) candidate Samborlang Diengdoh on Tuesday announced that he will contest from the Pynthorumkhrah constituency. to resign from the AITC and contest again as an independent candidate in the upcoming elections in June.
“We hope that the government will take steps to end the border dispute between Mizoram and Assam and to protect the state of our ancestors,” said MZP President L Ramdinliana Renthlei.
There are also children who walk to their schools.
Saleng said that these incidents happen from time to time, because the government does not take responsibility to ensure that public transport drivers should not drive under the influence of alcohol.
“If the UDP during the tenure of Bah EK Mawlong could get more than 20 MLAs and the HSPDP could get more than 16 MLAs during the tenure of Bah EK Mawlong, why can't it happen now?” he asked.
“The buyers have brought a certificate that there is no formalin injection in the fish.
Sonowal, 51, was a student union leader in 1992 before joining politics, formerly with the AGP. Sonowal, as a student leader, has been fighting strongly against Bangladeshi refugees and wants to ban the free entry and exit of Bangladeshis. to the State of Assam.
Speech was also delivered by Arindam Dasgupta, CEO of Tamul Plate Marketing Private Limited, Barpeta Assam.
In the second match, Sohra Combine CC lost by 30 runs against Cricket Lovers Sohra.
“To increase income generation, Village Cooperative Societies and Collective Marketing Centers (CMCs) will be strengthened; Custom Hiring Centers (CHCs) will also be established to strengthen the machinery; The NPP manifesto also promises good roads to connect all the vegetables,” said the NPP leader. village for the purpose of marketing the crops to the market, said Bah Bajop.
According to government sources, there is no law at present which empowers public leaders such as MLAs/MDCs to provide accommodation to people.
No deduction shall be made from the allocation made by the Government in relation to the distribution of any food items from NFSA and Non-NFSA and all FPS dealers are directed not to Those farmers who do not have Aadhaar Card and those who have lost their ration cards should be deprived of ration.
Mondal requested the Union Minister to provide not only financial assistance but also technical assistance to implement these projects.
“We remember that in 2018 the MPCB had conducted public awareness campaign in the market on cleanliness and heavy fines from NGT if found violating and polluting the market and we hope that the Board will take action. The office has not done anything and we cannot even go to the authorities,” said Bah Korbar.
Let us put away slavery and envy of what we have.
No police officer will dare to kill a person if he does not receive such an order,” said Bah Basaïawmoit in a cut motion on the work of the police force.
The ANTF will focus on three objectives, namely to take preventive measures against drug trafficking and take action and prosecute all drug dealers, drug traffickers and suppliers; to conduct public awareness campaigns against drugs and to encourage the cooperation of the public in the fight against drugs and to work with other groups/agencies/departments of the State and Central Governments to achieve the goal of It has been designed to contribute to the goal of making India a drug free country.
Mahan, who said his scooty active costs only T.15,000, as it is old, has decided to leave the scooty to the police and will not pay the fine.
However, the Chief Minister of Manipur has made it clear that he will not resign as the Chief Minister of Manipur after the Longkmie protested against his residence. continue to rule the State.
And I am come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians, and to bring them up out of that land unto a good land and a large, unto a land flowing with milk and honey; the Hittites, the Amorites, the Perizzites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites.
He said that it is because of these problems that the people of the area have to rely on the herbalists when they are sick and even the poor women have to rely on the herbalists. It is difficult to go to the hospital due to the lack of adequate roads.
This quarterly publication contains articles on the initiatives and efforts of the 5 states that held elections in 2022 and stories about the elections.
“I don't know if the government has ever thought or not to get rid of this sohkyrdot which has been in existence for many years,” he said.
To what extent have we been able to use the water in these rivers? In today's technology, can't this water be used in the rivers for drinking? The army has been drawing water from Umïam for years now for daily use.
He said the government has taken this decision after carefully considering the impact of the High Court's decision on teachers at various levels.
Land owners are strongly requested not to sell their land to cement companies.
Meanwhile, the Court has directed the Chief Executive Officer of the Shillong Municipal Board to send a letter to all shops, pharmacies and hotels and owners of commercial vehicles why they should not revoke their licenses. The closure of shops and the lack of income during the curfew.
The four, including two engineering students, aged 23 and 25, were arrested from Kolkata last month while they were preparing to leave for Iraq, he said. the news today.
The group also said that the closure of markets and the curfew has affected the poor, day laborers, farmers, traders and especially the market vendors.
“In the past 10 years, since I took over the education department, we have been able to release the salaries of teachers every month unlike before when it took many months,” said Dr Laloo. .
All these funds did not come from heaven but are the money of the people that they have used now,” he said.
Khliehriat, Lber, 07: The Joint Action Committee of eight villages in Narpuh East Jaintia Hills District has decided to start the repair of the road. , today suspended the blockade on the NH-6 at Narpuh, the blockade started from 6 pm this morning until 4.30 pm.
The two day program ended on the 27th of this month with the Director, KVIC, Bah Mange Ram as the chief guest.
The CSWO also complained about the operation of Maxi Cabs, which do not go to the places where passengers need them and the CSWO believes that these are government taxis and should not be refused. There are those who don't want to go from Motphran to Lumshyiap and other places.
The Bible Convention and Prayer for the Healing of the Sick will end on the 30th of this month.
Many of the residents of Khasi-Jaintia Hills do not know and have not reached Diengsyiang.
The Estimated Expenditures are 205,19,52,5
He said that about 15 to 20 villages in the Ri-War area below Pynursla will take part.
For this purpose, more than 1 lakh explosives have been used.
Here is an article that shows whether or not you should eat corn and how it affects eating too much.
Expressing the challenges ahead due to the presence of foreign companies which have advanced in the use of technology, Uriah said, “We need the support of the people to We will be able to succeed in this field because many foreign companies have improved in the use of technology and have improved their services over the years.
Shillong: UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy has admitted that the next government should be led by the UDP-HSPDP, GNC and other parties.
Especially in the rural areas, it is not known whether to call tourists Dkhar or Phareng.
“These children don't go to school,” explained the mother.
:In a raid conducted on the 2nd June 2024, the BSF of Meghalaya, in collaboration with the Meghalaya Police, have arrested a smuggler of sugarcane at on the border of India and Bangladesh.
Nongpoh MLA, Ma Vincent H. Pala, MP, said the same thing and urged the people of the area to cooperate and Take good care of the roads provided by the government, because the maintenance of the roads does not depend only on the government, but it is better for the people to take good care of them.
However, it cannot be said that evil does not need to be taught, but it is easy to follow.
The authorities are also blind to this issue.
The Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra is an initiative launched across the country to inform and empower the citizens about the major schemes and programs of the central government.
In this study on dietary changes, the Western-style foods given to African participants were such as pearl snacks or fast foods - such as burgers and food right.
According to him, police have seized a Scooty and two Motor Bikes on the same night.
Do we spend more for the colors of this world, or do we spend more for the work of God?
Rio was speaking during a visit to the Nagaland Institute of Medical Sciences and Research (NIMSR).
In other constituencies, in Nongkrem constituency, many people believe that the contest between the HSPDP and the UDP will be very fierce between Bah Hubert Riang and Bah HS Shylla.
Now the Word of God is written in almost all the languages ​​of the world.
Why ? Therefore, the girls are the ones who develop the Khasei – Khasoi people.
Mawpun SC, which won the title, also received a cash prize of 10,000 tyngka while Shlem SC, which came second, received a cash prize of 5,000 tyngka.
Speaking after winning the election, the five MLAs promised to provide the best service to the people of the constituency in all aspects and promised to introduce new projects and complete them. does not develop the pending.
He said that the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board has not hesitated and is continuing to fight for the reduction of pollution by implementing the National Clean Air Target. Program (NCAP) in which all sectors will take part to work together with the goal of reducing the emission of pollution which affects the health of the people and even the environment, he added.
During the investigation, it was found that a man from Mawblei was suspected to be involved in the robbery.
He said that Assam has increased the tax on liquor, so the Meghalaya government will have to increase it so that it does not affect the market.
Are these things better than the stars? Why don't these organizations stand up for these issues that affect the individuals and families of their fellow citizens? Why? The answer is by shaking the same thing, the Dkhar will be afraid.
“I don't know if it was Ganja because I didn't take it,” said the driver.
The GHSMC has also received permission from the Deputy Commissioner to hold a protest rally in Tura on the 6th and 7th of this month.
Gagan Jain, a resident of Upper Lachumiere, has lodged a complaint with the National Green Tribunal (NGT) against the dumping of garbage at the Mawiong garbage dump.
A total of 1,299 people are still undergoing treatment and 77,078 people have recovered from the disease.
Shillong, Naiwieng 1: The house of Lieh Swer has collapsed after a fire broke out on the night of the 28th at 7 pm in Borghat village.
Speakers on the occasion including Manish Kumar Singh, Jane Namchu and Kong D Shylla, explained to the public the importance of cleanliness not only in the homes, but also in the homes. which is also the objective of the Central Government implemented through the Swachh Bharat Mission.
The death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to 2,003 with 10,974 new cases.
The Prime Minister said that pharmaceutical manufacturers and distributors have a major role to play in the fight against COVID-1
As the people we have the right to know whether those allegations of corruption against the MDA 1.0 government are true or false.
Organizations of any kind or race are willing to claim to be members.
Jowai: The Jaintia Development Society (JHDS) together with the Jowai Diocese have donated Rs 3 lakh to the Chief Minister's Relief Fund on Monday.
The border problem, the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule, to protect the indigenous people with strong laws like ILP, entry and exit points, etc. They shall provide employment and shall assist and develop agriculture to enrich the farmers.
But even the unlucky can succeed because it depends on the number of friends.
All that is needed is to BELIEVE and call upon the name of JESUS ​​which is the name above all names, and for a reason, in the Book of Revelation.
The two victims were identified as Semion Marak and Sangwai D Sangma. They were shot dead at Meka Adu village near Gasuapata.
They were welcomed by Bah RB Shadap, President of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, Bah GS Shadap, General Secretary and many other dignitaries.
This was revealed at the General Meeting held today at the Dorbar Shnong Riangdo, where the leaders of the PDF Sengkmie came to form and establish the PDF party in Mawshynrut Constituency. the foundation and purpose of the cent.
According to the President of KHNAM Youth Wing, Bah Thomas Passah, the CMD said that if he cannot appoint all these Jugalis within three months, he will resign.
In June this year, Rahul Gandhi was shocked to hear the praise of Bah PT on the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi.
However, Voter Information Slips cannot and will not be allowed to serve as identity cards or other proof of voters.
Then they will put on the crown of wisdom.
He said that the DSC is just a money making house for someone and most of its members are Congress.
He said that there are some people who have to go to the market to Mawlasnai and there are also those who have to go to get medicine when they are sick and these too have been arrested by the Assam Police as if they are not the owners of the village. This has caused a lot of trouble to the Khasi residents.
The problem of the Khasi is that they don't hold on to what they say, everything is for their own benefit.
This verse, literally, means and describes the marriage.
In these nooks, youths from neighboring villages will work on activities to solve the problems faced by the people in their villages.
KSU JHDU Secretary Hamlen Rymbai, Satley Ryngkhlem V. President KSU Khliehriat Circle who is also the Rangbah Shnong of Wapung School and President of the EJH Village Authority Union.
One of them is due to the lack of attention of the village authorities to investigate in order to find them and punish them according to the law.
Speakers included Livison Sama, FKJGP President Deihok Sumer, AJYWO President Reachingson Siangshai, President East Jaintia Taxi Drivers Association. , Bah Tiplang Rymbai and others.
As candidates, they speak freely in every village, especially in the rural areas where there are no roads.
We can stand and fight for the nation/country according to our knowledge and understanding without ignoring our roots and customs.
Another saying that he used to say after getting his own state was 'If our rulers are wise, this state will shine and be like a garden of flowers. , but if the leaders do not act, it will be like a cave for thieves, robbers and thieves.
The body will be laid to rest on the 21st March 2019 until the funeral service at Mary Help Christian Church, Laitumkhrah.
The funeral service will be held on the 30th July 2016, at the Seng Khasi Sohra, Khliehshnong, at 1 pm.
He also urged the members and employees of the council to try this way to reduce the traffic jam.
Through nearly $62 billion in spending, the US Government accounts for more than half of it all.
Jowai, Jymmang 19: Armed men have robbed another petrol pump in Byndihati on Saturday night at about 5:45 pm.
He said that in Meghalaya, because people don't watch parties, we have to elect the right people.
Jesus said plainly, “Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; he shall also have it.
Suddenly, without hearing, they reached Motphran and Kni took them to the Palace.
In these news and videos, we also heard a conversation between Bless Dkhar and a man who did not identify himself as a trader, who arranged for the operation of trucks carrying goods from Jingkieng Damsite.
On the coal smuggling, the DGP said, “There is a monitoring committee to monitor the coal smuggling, and we have used drones to curb the illegal coal smuggling, but it is not easy to curb it. “It's not because of the lack of police but you don't have a complaint and the police don't take action”.
Almost all the roads in Shillong and especially in the area of ​​Nongthymmai, Garikhana, Demseiniong have deteriorated due to the endless snowfall which has disrupted the traffic of the people. The traffic department has been asked to fill up the potholes themselves as it has appeared in the media especially during this Christmas season which is one of the great seasons for Christians around the world and also in this state.
It is also clear that in Meghalaya, where the population of STs/SCs is 86%, it is one of those exceptional cases where the 50% rule does not apply because of the presence of other general categories. only 15%, and there shall be no discrimination against any group, in accordance with Article 14 of the Constitution.
Nerisa took two wickets in two overs for EWDCA. Monycable was named Player of the Match.
The 70-year-old man from Umsamlem village was admitted to Robert Hospital after suffering from breathing difficulties. He was not admitted to the hospital.
The source said that some companies have also lodged a complaint with the High Court and the case is still pending.
Wahiajer opened the scoring through Marlangki Suting in the 15th minute and a few minutes later Niwan o Gatphoh added the second goal in the 28th minute.
“All these soap boxes contained heroin after testing.
Therefore, regarding the increase in the number of foreign shops without proper documents, HANM has urged the relevant authorities such as the District Council, to take action to ensure that the The union has warned these foreign shopkeepers to provide the necessary documents, otherwise the union will take stronger measures if the authorities continue to do so.
The Dorbar Shnongs have worked closely with the government in carrying out the activities related to the fight against this disease and without their assistance it would be difficult for the government to work alone.
The water helps to increase the absorption of food.
He said that the visit to the DC was after the MYM had inspected the department and found that in these two offices in Mawshynrut, there are no doctors and no assistants or employees. where the office.
A few minutes later it was Kevin's turn to score after he picked up the ball from the opposite side.
The Chief Minister said that 10 out of 11 cases of corona virus today have been tested negative after being tested but they still need to be tested again to confirm that you have been saved from the disease.
He said that those who contested from the NPP, Congress, PDF and UDP in the last MLA elections, now come to apply for tickets from the VPP because they understand that the strong wind is blowing in Khasi and Jaintia Hills. .
This wildlife is a special species and has been listed under Schedule I of the Wild Life (Protection) Act,
“While the Expert Committee is discussing, we have written to the State Government that from now on regarding the education sector, it should issue notifications or submit them to the Cabinet and bring an ordinance for six months. They deserve to get it through the scholarship,” he added.
The increase in the income of the CM has affected all the taxi owners.
Therefore, it will be an interesting match between these two teams, as it will be a death match for both teams to reach the final.
Legend has it that Sudama was a Brahmin and a close friend of Lord Krishna and they loved each other very much, despite their racial differences. Krishna was king, but Sudama lived in a very poor life.
The Government has stepped up security in the city and districts due to the blockade of offices by the HSPDP. pep will hurt.
Ernest Mawrie, President of the BJP, said that at the meeting of the party, which was attended by two MLAs, the National Secretary, it was decided to write a letter to the party. Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) has vowed to take strict action against five of its MLAs who left the country. MPCC President Vincent Pala has said that he will write to the All India Congress Committee (AICC) to express the wishes of the party leaders. These MLAs of each party should be punished severely.
This is something of a sign.
Amanda is also a teacher at the Seiñtia Morning School, Shillong.
Look, once they win, no doubt the MLAs and the party that wins will not count anymore or respect their supporters but without doubt they will convince and encourage the supporters to go to the party. the party does not form a government.
Before the clean-up, a short meeting was held by AT Gatphoh.
Journalist and Editor-in-Chief Shekhar Gupta was also present as the special speaker.
“They have completed the enrollment of more than 10,000 students in various educational institutions of the country.
Khliehriat, Lber 24: The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District, in an order issued on the 22nd of this month, has announced that the provisions of Section 144 CrPC have been enforced in the district to ensure that to curb the illegal mining and trade of coal and this order has been in force until further notice.
They also demanded that the government should introduce an education policy and improve the working conditions in the education department.
“There is a estimate of the amount of water in the dams to generate electricity but if it is less than this estimate we will have to stop the generation of electricity. “We have to hope that the state will get rain because it is the end of the season,” he added.
While members and leaders of FKJGP Bataw were transporting them from Bataw to Ladrymbai, three persons fell from the vehicle and managed to escape.
Embhahlang Syiemlieh, former MLA and MDC Mawlai constituency and Co-Chairman of MIDC, Government of Meghalaya will be the chief guest.
In this regard, as a sign of respect and pride in our heritage and also to cleanse ourselves of these acts of violence, the HITO will hold a peaceful procession on Thursday 30th This month is also the 160th anniversary of the martyrdom of U Woh Kiang Nangbah.
The abandoned houses were looted and burnt down.
He called upon the residents especially those who intend to start their own businesses to take advantage of this scheme which will help them.
Bah Teinwel said the most important thing now is to improve the working methods of the Council so that the Bills sent will not be rejected as happened in the past.
Senior BSF officers and Jawans delivered speeches against drugs and social violence.
When the JTTA leaders inquired from these foreigners and asked for documents, these foreigners could not provide proper documents.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 17 : The incidence of theft in Nongstoiñ town by breaking into houses by cutting locks and breaking doors has increased in these days.
“Therefore, a new complaint has been lodged under the POCSO Act,” he said.
Speaking briefly at the meeting, Save Hynniewtrep Mission President Robert June Kharjahrin said that the district authorities have not allowed the burning of tyngshops at the gate of the Chief Minister's residence. The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government is not led by the National People's Party (NPP).
I received the PDIC from Mrs. Sohryngkham.
During the meeting, Dr Jitendra Singh promised to take action on this issue and directed the KSA leaders to meet with the Secretary of the NEC and The Secretary of the NEC has been directed to take action on this issue.
All utensils used by the sick person shall be burned.
He said the government should do something to avoid the danger to the people.
However, he said that in this election only the NPF is the national party and the others are national parties.
Speaking to media after the completion of the filing of nomination papers for the Lok Sabha elections on 26th October, Pala said, in fact, it is not right for him to criticize the government. to the other candidates just because they made so many arguments against him.
Police are conducting a thorough investigation into the disappearance of the woman and the search for the two men is ongoing.
The two countries have been defeated in their FIFA Women's World Cup 2023 matches on Sunday.
The Kur Phawa Siangshai is pleased to inform you all, the Kur, the Jait, and those who are still related to the Kur Phawa Siangshai, that as usual every year, the Kur holds a Dorbar, but for reasons that The General Meeting of the Kur Phawa Siangshai will be held on the 10th April 2021 at the District Library, Mynthong Jowai at 11:00 AM. Constitution of the Kur (Constitution), the approval and confirmation of Units from different villages in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
The GNF has alleged that the government's decision is to undermine its goal of making Hindi and Hindu the central language of education in Nagaland and other North Eastern states and making it compulsory. The GNF said that the Hinduization of Naga India has stopped during the Congress government and the BJP government has revived it. and she worked hard to accomplish this.
The ongoing clashes have claimed the lives of 160 people and many have been seriously injured.
The government of Tripura Chief Minister Manik Saha has seized drugs worth Rs 101.66 crore in the past three years.
“We have decided to suspend the operation of GVK EMRI if it cannot manage the operation of the 108 emergency service,” said Bah Heku. The Minister said that the government has found that the employees of EMRI are not happy with the management and the salary. in accordance with the law of the land".
While these children were playing mawpoin, the farmers were busy cutting jhur, cleaning jhur, providing the jhur in their own dabor, the food plate and other necessities.
The DC of Ri Bhoi, said that the district authorities, on receiving information about the incident, immediately took action to send police and CRPF personnel to the area. protect the voters and to avoid intimidation on the day they go to vote.
Through these two goals, Ryntih strengthened the team which played hard without allowing Ryntih to score.
The WJDSA has produced many football players who have played in the I-League and athletics and the Shillong Sports Association has received players from this district, he said.
At the same time, the union has discussed the smuggling of Mawron (Boulder) by 40-50 boats of Bangladeshis especially at night through the Umngot River and has also requested the authorities. The District Council, JHADC, KHADC, Deputy Commissioner Jowai, SP Jowai, SDO Amlarem and BSF officials should take action.
The price of rice used under the OMSS(D) has been increased by T.2 from T.31 to T.29 per kilo for non-FRK rice and T.31.73 per kilo. FCI, RONEF Region for Meghalaya, Mizoram and Tripura have started selling rice and rice under OMSS (D) to accredited customers as of July 28, 2023.
When asked whether this change of government in KHADC will affect the UDP's relationship with the State Government, Bah Metbah said, “When it comes to the State Government, there is nothing to say. I don't work with you anymore.
Pady Gajageshwar, one of the Marathi actors and writers, was the first to congratulate Merlvin Mukhim at the end of the film.
Initially, his wife had phoned his daughter who lives in Shillong to inform him that he had come to Shillong. I went to Tura to get information but I couldn't find him.
We are here with the team to talk to various companies and find ways to promote and market our products,” said Conrad K. Sangma.
However, on 27th June, the people led by Bah Amazing Kurbah, a skilled election campaigner from the UDP, went to carry a placard in front of Bah Synshar's residence in Sohiong.
The 4-Mowkaiaw Congress Block Committee has admitted that many UDP supporters from Shillong, Myntang and Barato have come to join and decided to support the Congress candidate from Mowkaiaw, Nehemayah Tyngkan.
The NPP candidate for the Symbud Lamphang seat, Timothy D Shira, will win easily after no opposition candidate has filed his nomination papers for the seat.
In Gurugram, protesters set fire to a bus run by the state government.
The vehicle of these persons was seized by the police at their checkpost near ITI Sunderbani on the Jammu-Rajouri highway.
Shillong, July 15: A team of State Police has arrested two drug traffickers and seized 10 boxes of heroin worth T. lakh in the raid on Saturday night.
When we were in power in the district council, the EC under the leadership of Titos Chyne, I was in charge of the Building Bylaws Department and Robert Kharjahrin was the legal adviser of the district council.
Wade's history of the Jaintia Syiems is unfounded and is merely false stories and myths and do not match the customs and traditions of the Jaintia Syiems.
The BJP Sohra leaders want Bah Banteilang, but the people want Dr Phlour more.
As part of the Consumer Group in Ri Bhoi District, on Monday, a group in Ri Bhoi District has donated money to the orphanage of the Government in Nongpoh, the Government Children's Home Boys.
Therefore, as the Dorbar Pyllun has decided to revive the customs and traditions within the Raid, at the same time the Dorbar has also decided to take strong action for the protection of the living creatures. The Dorbar also urges the government authorities to cooperate with the Raid in many areas and especially in this objective of the Raid to provide special protection to all the people. species that live on Mother Nature, he added.
“I would like to thank the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi and the Minister of Jal Shakti for their assistance to us to complete this work quickly.
Can we listen to the insults of our leaders? The BJP cannot stand here.
East Shillong MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh has urged the youth not to 'shed blood from bloodshed' and to wait for the CBI investigation into the shooting death of three children. Two Khasi elders at Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills District, on 22nd November,
Shillong, Naitung 12: Lawei Smit SC beat Mawkriah West SC 6-0 to win their first title in the Shillong Sports Association's Women's League on Saturday. The tournament will be held at the Third Ground, Polo, on Tuesday.
After the youth drowned in the river, the youths, who were present immediately informed the elders of the nearby villages and the police. Mawshynrut Police Station and the residents of Langumshing, Langumshing A, Porsohlang, Myndo together with the police have recovered the body of the youth. on Sunday evening at 2.00pm.
In his speech, the Chief Guest, Ma Het Pohthmi, praised the village, although it is a remote village, but they have the idea to preserve the ancestors. manshuwa, because through their performance of this dance, it preserves the memory of the future generations, for the benefit of future generations.
Other participants included Danny Nongrum, Assistant Education Secretary Central Body and Wilfred Kharumnuid, CEC Member FKJGP. in the village of Nartiang.
However, many party leaders, after learning of the visit of the journalists to Bah Hoping at his residence, tried to prevent him from talking to the journalists.
In the invitation, Dr. Rani said that although the VC has mentioned the benefits of the implementation of the NEP, there has been no acceptance of the challenges.
The Block Congress Unit, Wapungskur on the 10th of this month has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills to demand the payment of land tax to the families affected by the construction of NH6 by NHAI in Wapung.
Likewise, this group has worked hard to bring these children back to the four corners of the school and to open the door for them to achieve their dreams for the future.
Shillong, November 14: Tura MP Conrad K Sangma has led a delegation of Garo Hills Autonomous District Council MDCs and former MP Thomas A Sangma to meet with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and former MP Thomas A Sangma. DoNER Minister Dr Jitendra Singh to discuss the implementation of the funds allocated by the Central Government to the District Councils.
He said that after the investigation, the union has found many misuses by the authorities in relation to development works, especially the construction of schools in the Mawshynrut C&RD Block area.
The truth should be spoken for the people and the final comment and judgment should be given by the people of the Constituency who will see, listen and take a decision on the 27th of June,
No fatalities or injuries were reported during the incident.
The time is now to fight against the unfounded actions of the existing political parties and to fight against the wealthy and powerful rulers.
Ohiwot Laloo, Secretary IRCS West Jaintia Hills District, said that the distribution of these masks and soaps is a reminder and awareness to the public to be vigilant and protect themselves as the COVID-19 pandemic is not over yet.
He said that if the VOs work well, there is no problem to help them set up offices to improve their working methods.
However, recently, u Bah Paul said that he still needs many skilled officers who can follow up on schemes and programs from central government departments in Delhi as the Social Welfare Department has a relationship with those who many federal agencies.
Amazing said that on his part, he requested Bah Synshar to support the demand of the VPP and to remove the party's feelings first. to accept that you are a Khasi people living in the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
Those who witnessed the opening ceremony included Bah George B. Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi, Bah Samla Malngiang, former Minister of PHE, Bah DP Wahlang, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, RM Kurbah, officials of the Border Road Organization (BRO) and the National Highway Authority of India.
The death toll has risen to 140 and the number of cases to 5,611 in the past 24 hours. The Union Health Ministry said.
When he turned back to BahDeng, he couldn't sleep all night because of his thoughts.
After this, about 10 cases of vehicle theft, six from Assam and four from Meghalaya.
Among the activities to celebrate the 125th anniversary of the school, the students of the school performed a traditional Welsh dance as a sign that they have not forgotten the old name of the school. Welsh Mission School and to show that they still remember the missionaries from the West and Wales who came to spread knowledge to Lum Khasi.
Similarly, we call a young man who is married Rangbah.
In 2014-15, 45,000 copies were purchased at a cost of T.17.55 lakh and 1412 households received 12 copies per household which is only 17,000 copies and 29,000 copies have not been distributed yet. and Bah Banri.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongal Sangma today said that the Government has given freedom to the Deputy Commissioners to send relief to the victims of the cyclone. He has collected information on this issue and it is expected that within 48 hours all the relief goods will be delivered to the refugees.
However, the jait ka khong or the longkur longjait can alone determine the nation in the country in which we live.
The Khaw was handed over to the Rangbah Shnongs for distribution to those poor families who have been severely affected by the lockdown to prevent the spread of Corona virus.
During the meeting, the Director of ICAR briefed on the recent developments in the activities of ICAR in the field of fisheries.
As a sign to show to the world about the border, these two groups, went to clean up together by putting up a Christmas banner and welcoming the New Year.
Ma Garod LSN Dykes, Deputy Commissioner, Jowai was the chief guest and inaugurated the center in the presence of Bah P Syiem, MPS.
The ASHA leader criticized the statement of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, saying that the ASHAs came to complain about the availability of Anganwadis.
The CEM also presented the performance report of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India for the years 2011-12 and 2012-1
In the past, the Khasi man in the house of his wife used to sleep happily and gave birth and went back to the house of the family. an.
Shillong: U Former Chief Minister of Meghalaya and Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma today said that most of the MLAs will lose and therefore the NPP should not expect all the MLAs who win. “It's a good idea to join the government,” said Dr Mukul Sangma.
In the Under-15 Boys, Brian CJL Marshillong of JNV Nongstoin won the first prize, P Dakerhime Lyngdoh of Anderson HS School Nongstoin won the second prize and Canbeljone Wanniang won the third prize.
“Phuit, you are a very strong person, the devil has ridden your child without riej anymore...” Kong Mer added, “Yes, you are right, I don't think so. more.
“We can manage and govern ourselves and for this reason it attracts the people to join us,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, one of the women said that this behavior of the parking guards is shocking and disgusting to see. I don't want to even walk through the parking lot,” said one of the women who said that she found that the people of the parking lot were empty while she was going outside. Go outside the parking lot at Mawlong Market, where Sumo Sohra, Pynursla and others used to park.
There are 10 employees of UCIL in the state, 6 of them are working here in Shillong while 4 of them are staying at its Guest House at Wahkaji, South West Khasi Hills.
Jowai, July 20: As the days and months of the Behdeiñkhlam festival in the Raij of Jowai are approaching, the religious servants of the Raij from the Dolloi, Pator, Langdoh, Sangot and Wasan have gathered together to perform the rituals. various offerings in accordance with the religious rules which have been established since the beginning of the Raij of the Shnong.
Lahkmen said that there are 71 Village Organizations (VOs) and 590 Self Help Groups (SHGs) in Amlarem Community and Rural Development Block. improvement and changes over time within these areas.
After the speech, the Symbud Lamphang allowed the MLA of Nongpoh to add in the Khasi language.
Shillong: The second round match will be played between Wapungtre FC and Wallam FC on the 17th July 2019 at 2:30 PM. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, unfurled the tricolor flag of the country at Polo Ground, Shillong this morning.
Speaking on the occasion of the formation of the JPWO, Ma Philemon Lyngdoh said, “The city of Jowai now has no one to look after and talk about its needs in terms of development and daily needs. the residents and the large crowd listened intently.
The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma on 13th November to inaugurate the Silver Jubilee or 25th Anniversary of Kymprup Higher Secondary School Sahsniang-A. since its establishment on 26 June 1998.
Whether we like it or not, Parliament can pass any law, no matter how much it affects us as a nation.
Besides Halen Nongtdu, two other players from the state will lead the tournament including Emboklang Nongkhlaw from Sohryngkham and Lionel Daryl Rymmei from Bhoirymbong.
In the past few months after the re-election of the MDA-2 government, the NPP-UDP-HSPDP-BJP has appointed many advisors to the Prime Minister. Chief Minister) Conrad Sangma.
On the other hand, the doctor said that until now there is no cure for the disease so the only way to prevent it is to avoid contact with new pigs or to bring people to the pig farms. .
The government's decision to supply firearms was taken at a meeting held recently by the Chief Minister, N Biren Singh.
He said that the loss of MeECL is due to the fact that the electricity they buy instead of sending it to the profiteering areas has been sent to the losing areas.
However, Lockheed exports to more than 70 countries and the company said it exports to these countries through the cooperation of the government and thus it is a business relationship. and procurement from government to other governments.
After Rose, Jennie and Lisa, Jisoo will now be able to release her solo album.
The Government's commitment to the environment, energy efficiency and sustainable economic development has elevated India to a leader in energy transformation.
According to the investigation of the Coast Guard, it was found that the engine of the ship had collapsed and started catching fire from that part.
“As an MP of the Lok Sabha, I have worked hard to bring issues to the Lok Sabha through the Private Members Bill, Zero Hour, Resolution but I have not had the opportunity to bring them to the floor. that I may receive it this time.
He was handed over to the Juvenile Justice Board.
“Although the Shillong Traffic Police has worked hard to curb this immoral driving, it is also the duty of parents to ensure that their children do not violate the rules and regulations.
In one incident, a schoolgirl lost her life by mistake while shaking hands with her friends and threw her head outside the bus when she hit another post. ' who was on the road where the bus was traveling at the time.
Both the matches, Lamyrsiang vs Latyrke and Tluh vs Shnongrim, ended with a draw in the Super Division Football League of the Saipung Block Sports Association (SBSA) which was held at Lamyrsiang on Thursday.
Even after we have been ruled by Shah, we are still surprised that we are still fighting.
He said that according to the information received from the Sikkim Tourism Department, the implementation of the ILP will not affect the tourism industry if the tourists are recognized separately.
Due to the lack of peace within the party for the election of office bearers , the KSU , various zones of the KSU together with the candidates who are contesting for these posts have expressed their support for the smooth running of the party The candidates for the election are Zikko Balgra N Marak, Tapseng N Sangma, Alexander Grahamwell R Marak, Appearance M Marak and Look R Marak.
Therefore, I feel it is necessary to say that the change of jaiñ-spong of the name – 'Sohpet-bneng', the change of change will increase the understanding of us all that the Khasi identity in the nation. , shall remain in the minds, thoughts, actions of each other, together to strengthen the Spirit-Ka Bishi, not to lose or lose the root-source like that vast world of the Khynrïam, the Pnar. , U Bhoi, u War, also and others, such as the kyrsan-ka kyrbah, who dressed like a thong of light which has shaped the shape of a story-only to remember this ur-long ur-jïja of go up to the Mount of Heaven; to pray with all your heart, forsake all evil.
“Pooja came into my life like a bright sun and I felt sure that I wanted to spend my life with her.
Former Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit said that the investigation by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Prestone Tynsong and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare AL Hek has shown that this government now thou art weak and without bones.
In Hong Kong, too, the people's demand for justice has been threatened by China.
On Sunday (Monday), Taiwan said China had sent 12 warships and 91 aircraft across parts of Taiwan, along with 54 aircraft to pass through the Air Defense Identification Zone (ADIZ) of the southwest and southeast parts of Taiwan.
The Seng urges the NPP-led State Government together with the BJP and other ethnic parties to express their dissatisfaction with the information from the Central Government, as it is something that It will be very difficult in various schools especially in the rural areas because even in the current subjects there is still a shortage of qualified teachers, as well as the lack of schools.
In the first match, SWO Moosianglamare Old beat Wapung SWO (FT) 1-0 in the 51st minute.
On the other hand, Bhushan demanded that his case should be handed over to another panel of judges.
Ialong took the lead by two goals through Chimiki (17, 31 and 80), but after a few minutes, Poimi converted the goals (36, 40+1 and 45).
Conrad Sangma said this on July 23, after a meeting was held on the collapse of the dam yesterday, where he was handed over the report submitted by the engineers and contractors when they have completed the trial.
The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) today held a welcome meeting for the new members of the party.
Shillong: U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Assam, on Tuesday expressed his deep appreciation to Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam, for the inauguration and foundation stone of the Karbi Hemtun. , a hostel with 100 beds and various shops in Shillong.
“I'm sorry that you don't get a ticket, I'm sorry that you don't call when there's a meeting, I'm sorry that you leave the village, I'm sorry that they write on Facebook that Bah Wilbert “It's the reason why I'm leaving, if you don't speak, I won't,” he said.
In the meantime, the HSPDP has also supported the Garoland State Movement Committee (HSPDP) and recently the leaders have joined the NFNS to achieve the goal of you are the state of Khasi-Jaintia.
Government officials on duty and all staff of Corona Care Centres, DPIR and NHIDCL.
There were also those who said that there was a lightning bolt at the time of the fire.
The Government of India's ignoring and forgetting of these agreements is an attack by the rulers on the minorities through laws which have not come according to the will of the majority.
“It is surprising and sad, after I inspected these buildings today, because the Counseling Center with Multipurpose Hall which has been allocated T.3,15,38,366.00, you have been orpait and answered"
The post mortem of the deceased has been completed at the same place and the bodies have been handed over to their relatives, said the SP of West Khasi Hills, Bah S.Nongtynger.
The deceased were identified as Aldrin Lygdoh, 40, and Akilson Marak,
Who will receive those bones when they are brought?2
The signs that Bah Bajop is ready to leave the party congress are after he went to attend the membership meeting of the people of Nongthymmai Constituency, which was held here today. it's the day of God.
The order was announced by the Minister of Markets, Minister K. Langstieh and the Minister of Finance, Minister of Finance, MB Kharlukhi in the presence of the President of the Hills Farmers Union, Commander Shangpliang. ïewdielang is not available in Sohsaw.
The 4th Division U-20 Football League has been postponed due to the lack of a stadium.
Praising Reddy, who led the election campaign, Venugopal said, “Reddy led a strong and successful election campaign.
This year's theme of the Met Gala is “In honor of Karl”, one of the fashion designers who passed away in 2018 at the age of
Both the teams played strongly from the start and ended the match 1-1
In the past, the KSU has already established its offices in Mizoram, Dehradun and Delhi.
Chaubey, along with AIFF Secretary-General Dr. Shaji Prabhakaran, held a meeting with Wenger, Steven Martens, Technical Director, FIFA, and Ulf Schott, Head of High-Performance Programmes, FIFA, in Sydney, Australia, on Saturday, to decide on the collaboration between FIFA and AIFF to open an academy for under-13 men and women.
Alok Bachattarry, Commandant of 67th Battalion Nongpoh, was the chief guest, in the presence of Ajay Kumar, 2nd Commandant of 67th Battalion and many other elders of the area.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, said that 649 cases have been confirmed in Guwahati.
Dani Carvajal has led Spain to the Nations League title.
Ajay has been questioned by the Kerala-Jharkhand police team and the Central Intelligence Bureau.
She said that if the MP is from the ruling party, it will be easier to work with the people of the state.
After receiving the information, the Chief Minister, Dr. Manik Saha, expressed his deep sorrow and sent his condolences to the families of these children.
Such tourism is called 'experiential tourism' which means that tourists are involved in sharing with the locals.
The FSSAI has issued this report after the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) conducted water sample collection from 46 villages in Shillong on 22nd July. after receiving complaints from the residents due to the pollution of the water.
Thankfully, the public money is still in the pocket.
Lamidaki Rymmai, an intern at GNRC Hospital, Guwahati, has been missing since 2nd June
Shillong, November 23: U President of the BJP, Bah Ernest Mawrie on Tuesday said that the BJP will deliver development projects for the people within 100 days after taking office.
Chapters/lessons for children who are just beginning to learn these problems.
The meeting also discussed the suspension of the Final Draft by the Ministry of Home Affairs and for this reason, these parties cannot give a final opinion on this but will give it again at the next meeting. The Prime Minister shall call upon him as mentioned earlier.
Which of these two cases does he belong to? The wise man says to know exactly when to drink (kyiad) and to choose carefully with whom to drink.
The Supreme Court has not heard a petition filed by the coal mine owners to allow them to transport the coal in their mines since the ban on coal mining in in the year
She said that although they are only small workers, it is not easy for them as women to stay at night on the road.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Sanbor Shullai, Minister in the MDA Government, said, “I would like to congratulate the former Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma and the incumbent Chief Minister Conrad Sangma. Sangma, former Minister of Revenue Prof. RC Laloo, former Minister of Social Welfare, all the officers and others who have achieved this goal.
Teibor Pathaw holds the Labor License and the District Police Council Enforcement.
In another match in 2017, Assam Rifles scored through Kipjen in the 7th minute, three minutes later he scored the second goal through Jefferson Nongrud. it is the head of the goalkeeper.
iv.
The meeting will be attended by NFNS Joint Secretary Stalin from Karbi Anglong, Co-Chairman L. Marak and other leaders of various groups from the North Eastern States,” he said. HSPDP President KP Pangniang said in an interview with the media.
Among the political parties who came to receive the electoral roll were the UDP, Congress and NPP. political parties to help raise awareness among the people to come forward to register as voters.
“We need to look at these environmental issues, human interests and environmental sustainability before taking any decision",he said.
There are also many types of loads.
“It is not only for us to build buildings or stadiums but especially to ensure that there is a way for the youth so that they do not go astray,” he said.
Therefore, the more we unite, the stronger the voice will be against the violence of the BJP and RSS,” said Rahul Gandhi.
Congratulations to Lenovo and your friends for all you have done!” said Jyoti Thyagarajan, Founder & Executive Trustee, Meghshala Trust.
The foreign company, which has decided to take over the operation of these power sub stations in the state, is Broadcasting Engineering Consultants India Limited (BCIL) from Uttar Pradesh. .
“Today, teams of the District Child Protection Unit and police in the state have visited Rimpu Bagan to seize the clothes and textbooks of the children who have been released from the area.
After receiving a complaint from the man, the police immediately searched for the ÑWYF leaders and arrested them early this morning.
However, Latiplang's UDF has become smaller after Congress MDC from Mairang Batskhem Ryntathiang left to support the UDA. The UDA now has 15 members while the UDF has and Chairman Bah Pynshngain in the house of 29 members.
The competition is scheduled to be held at 7 pm at SAI, STC, NEHU Campus.
The most terrible thing is that government employees lose not only their human rights but especially their natural rights/natural social justice while they are working as government employees (58/60 years). ).
“The support of the NPP shows that the MDA government is strong and my victory will strengthen the government,” he said.
Rev Thomas Jones came to these Khasi hills to preach the word of God in the years 1810-1
Thus Christmas is the grace and free gift of God to man and because of God's eternal love for man.
When you have lost your traditional thoughts and when you don't have that traditional belief of the nation then it is better not to attack others.
Mairang, July 08: The UDP MDC from Mawthadraishan, Bah Jambor War, has admitted that about 60 percent of the voters of Mawthadraishan Constituency are supporters of the UDP. The General Secretary of the UDP Mawthadraishan Circle, on Friday, said that according to the forms sent by the party to the Primary Units to fill up the names of the supporters, There are about 22,000 candidates and that too only in 9 out of the 11 zones where the party has divided in Mawthadraishan Constituency.
It is true that you have said that it will not be so.
Khliehriat, July 29 : The District Social Welfare Department of East Jaintia Hills District today conducted another awareness program and explanation on the dangers of drugs at PHC in Pamra Paithlu. The Nasha Mukt Bharat Abhiyaan (NMBA) is a special program launched by the Central Government in connection with the fight against drugs.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Congress party on Saturday held an election campaign at Mawkyrwat Market for the party candidate Deliverland Lyngdoh.
As you all know, the Khaddar Synshar is not elected by the Paid u Raïot of the Hima – only a few of those Kurs ki Jait who can become Syiems or take over other Hima administrative duties. Sima, vol.
According to a statement sent by the Chief Electoral Officer, the Electoral Rolls for the Special Summary Revision of 2023 will be released tomorrow.
“We have decided to count ourselves as suspended members as a sign of condemnation to the Congress party,” said Banraplang Hynniewta.
Regarding the meeting, Pynshngaiñ said that the KHADC has received a letter from the North East Frontier Railway requesting for NOC to build the railway line but he cannot say whether it will grant it or not. NOC said that before reaching the final stage, he said that he had to listen to the voice of many parties especially from the village authorities of the areas that the railway line should pass.
The program was enriched by songs and skits by the staff of Childline at these two venues.
Shillong, Nailur, 02: The Border Security Force Meghalaya Frontier today celebrated the Azadi Day and visited 65 schools in the border areas. surrounding areas and conduct various programmes.
There was an expectation from the people that Bah Ardent Ardent who is one of the leaders of the people will take an active part in speaking on the issue of MUDA in the Dorbar as he is also a strong leader. He also led a rally at the Secretariat on the 6th of July,
The International Finance Corporation (IFC) and the Climate Bond Initiative (CBI) have jointly organized the Deep Dive in Green, Social, and Sustainability (GSS) Bonds Issuance Process. This is supported by HSBC and The Kingdom of the Netherlands.
This was announced by the Union Minister in charge of North Eastern Region Development, G Kishan Reddy in a written statement in the Rajya Sabha today.
With this purpose, PM JANMAN has started today,” said Prime Minister Duh.
What I mean is that the Government of India has understood that we can do better, and therefore it is necessary for all including the NEC to work better.
Although the Khasi are called by many names according to the places where they live, we cannot say that these names are sub-tribes.
“If you sit together in the same boat, if it burns and you don't tell and you don't send it to syrdep and you say it's a political matter.
The love taught by St. Valentine does not mean to allow the powerful to do as they please over the weak.
This shows that although the Jowai Civil Hospital is the oldest hospital in Jaintia Hills, it lacks skilled doctors and equipment.
Shillong: The Superintendent of Police, Bah Silvester Nongtnger, on Tuesday urged the people who are quick to spread racially discriminatory news not to spread false news without investigating. you're not shisha.
He said the truth is that the government has decided to fight to defeat the rebel group and now they have faced difficulties until they have fled to the forest and have become rich because the government has stopped them. him.
The 3rd Sniawbhalang Football Tournament 2024 will be played between Nongkhroh and Sohphoh at 1 pm.
Prof PS Shukla, Vice Chancellor of NEHU, on Tuesday visited the High Commission of Mauritius in India and met with the High Commissioner Santi Bai Hanooman and her Secretaries to discuss the desire to establish a partnership with the Universities of Mauritius. which also signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU).
“We have donated this place with the intention that it will be a blessing to the students of the area and the State.
Shillong, Nailar, 14: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (NLF) on Tuesday raised its flag on the bridge. Conference at Jaïaw People's Republic, Shillong.
The plan to hold the festival again after about 10 years, and this year the festival will be held in November.
Don't even pray, feel tired or discouraged but the Spirit of the Lord will help you.
When asked about the voice, he said he didn't know; however, he said that he was sleeping early that night.
They should not just sit in the office and expect the villagers to come to the Block offices.
This shows that the Government has tried to hide some of the Police Chiefs and some of the Government Heads who were involved in the murder of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkiew.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare, promised to follow up on the problems faced by the filmmakers especially the lack of cinemas to screen their films.
The GSU has demanded that the State Government should first recruit all the Garo people by conducting a special recruitment.
Before giving a detailed explanation on the SAGY from the officers, a speech was delivered by the MLA who said that this village was selected to become the Shnong Nuksa after a meeting with the SAGY. local authority since last year.
He said that if such a thought enters the Khasi elders, it cannot be said that it will be the last disease that will immediately destroy the customs and traditions and the nation will disappear completely from this page. earth.
Shortly after, a letter came from the office of the Public Information Officer of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly informing the media that Ricky Shullai has resigned from the post of Peon who has been working since 8th November, and this was accepted from that day so the office did not pay him anything further.
This was announced in a statement by the Secretary of TMC Mawlai Block.
He added that this could create millions of jobs and create employment opportunities for the youth along with the new construction of the 21st century in India.
The incident happened in the middle of the night on 23rd November when the family brought a JCB to clear the road from one side to the other.
Disparsing also requested RTI from the Social Welfare Department on the expenditure on the treatment of drug addicts in Shillong. In 2023, there will be 3180 male and 32 female drug addicts in Shillong and the department has not conducted any awareness program to curb drug addiction in Shillong. The expenditure on the treatment of 3,212 drug users in Shillong has reached T92, 890,556 (more than T.9 crore) in 13 years.
Nongpoh: Taking into consideration a complaint from the residents, who expressed their strong opposition to the proposal of MeECL to implement Prepaid Meters in the villages under the Nongpoh Town Committee, the members of the Nongpoh Town Committee today. The HNYF, Northern Region, has met with Kong A Majaw, EE, Western Revenue Division, Nongpoh, to protest against the proposal to use these prepaid meters in households.
In the third division, Mawkriah West beat Qualapatty 1-0
How many times have you heard that the issues of the state have been discussed in the right forum or in the Legislative Assembly? “I am fighting for the right to raise the issues of the state in the right manner,” said Dr Ampareen.
On the other hand, Bah Amberlight Masharing, one of the leaders of the Raid Madan Kyrdem, expressed his sorrow and said that the Raid leaders will give 10 days to the authorities in charge of the MRB. Bhoirymbong, urged the police to take action to investigate the incident and to issue all the passbooks to those who are entitled to receive them. bam klop the money of the people.
Last month, Deepika was spotted with her actor husband Ranveer Singh at the Mumbai airport.
Shillong, July 13: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) has demanded this for the benefit of the people. On the 13th July 2022, the house was handed over to Kong Phlaris Nongkhlaw in Lummawkong Village, Laitkroh Village.
However, it is interesting to know that the khujli has up to 60 children from his three wives.
He is also the Chairman of the State Planning Board and has made a significant contribution to the development of the state.
BJP Meghalaya President Khlursing Lyngdoh and General Secretary Dipayan Chakraborty also attended the meeting. Church of India Lower Lachumeir Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur 26 : U Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma today inaugurated the 60th Anniversary of the College of Teacher Education (PGT) Shillong. Hi college.
“I stepped down in 2005 as a sign of responsibility to comply with the demands and wishes of the people,” he said.
Daniel said, O king, thou sawest, O king, the image of God, great and bright, and exceedingly beautiful, standing before thee;
He also urged those who took part in this program to continue the vision of those who fought for freedom.
The Chief Medical Superintendent (in-charge) of Ballia Hospital, Dr SK Yadav, said, “On July 15, 154 patients were admitted to the hospital. 23 of them died that day.
Vice President CEC Donboklang Kharlyngdoh said, “In our human life in the world we often talk that what we need is education and health.
jng ka MeghIdol Please send me a video for the audition??? I don't have time to send the video for the audition.
In June, during the increase in Corona cases in the North Eastern States, Dr. Jitendra Singh held a meeting amidst many reports on the situation in the country.
The matches of the Women's league will be played in a single league format of 30 minutes in the first half and 30 minutes in the second half.
Shillong: The cold weather continues in Shillong today.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: Police have arrested Konessson Rodborn, a teacher of Weilyngkut-Sohiong, for rape case registered at Laban Police Station under section 5(f). (p) 11(iv) (v) POCSO Act R/W section 506 IPC. Police have urged anyone who has information about this teacher to inform the police.
On the same day, a training program was also held on the dangers of drugs and other alcoholic beverages which the youth should not touch or drink because this alcoholic beverage has a strong power to destroy the person. and it is the responsibility of every citizen to take responsibility to eradicate this type of alcohol especially to help those who have become addicted to this type of alcohol.
Thank you for reading.
Therefore, the Government has released T.53 crore in the Financial Year 2021-22 for the payment of ASHA workers who are eligible for these schemes, which is also a large release of funds. has been released by the Government since the launch of the NHM and to implement the MABS and MMBS and to clear any payments until October,
“I have not decided to join any party or group,” said Bah Banteidor.
Shillong: U Gourav Gogoi MP of the Congress from Assam, who is the Chairman of the party's election for the MLA elections to the Legislative Assembly to be held next month, on Tuesday. He came to meet the party candidates at Congress Bhavan Shillong.
Replying to a question on the presence of political parties opposed to the deployment of these central government security forces in the border areas of Meghalaya and Assam, the Minister said, “If the Meghalaya police are sent, Assam will oppose. If the Assam police are sent, Meghalaya will oppose.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 5 cases including 4 high risk contacts and 1 case from abroad.
The man had started cutting down these trees for about two or three months but suddenly on Tuesday afternoon a vehicle of forest officials of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) and others arrived. They sent the staff to the area to stop the fighting and demanded the documents from them.
In compliance with the directive of the National Green Tribunal (NGT), the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has urged any interested groups or individuals not to hold a public auction. coal seized in different parts of the district.
To date, the MSOA through this special program has identified the talented youth of the state and what is needed is to provide special training opportunities to these talented youth. which is equal to the world players.
Chidi Odinkalu, one of the Nigerian lawyers, wrote on Twitter with Fr Jude, CMA, Spiritual Director of CMA Deido, during a speech at a mass in Douala.
The driver should understand that they should drive carefully when driving.
However, the JACM has demanded that the Minister should send the son of Bah Dismarlin to private training centers so that he can be successful when called for the job.
Requirements to participate in this tournament: For more information please call: 7005666802, 7005217560, 8729912904,
“We have requested our party to look into the names and bring them to the district for the election campaign and also to conduct election campaigns on the streets.
He said that after the ban on coal mining, the residents of these four villages who earn their living from coal mining have become poor. villages to come in the same way of thinking to turn to tourism to earn a living.
The Additional Chief Secretary's statement was in conflict with the Prime Minister's statement that the state's financial crisis shows the government's good performance in development works.
I will also convene a meeting with the MSPCB and inform you about it,” he said.
Muslims have flocked to various mosques in the state to celebrate the Eid-ul-Zuha.
Shillong: Leaders of the Sur of Mawlai, this morning, suddenly turned to the Secretariat, to break the tari dab, at the gate of the Main Secretariat.
Regarding the traditional culture, u Bah Pynïaid praised Ri-Bhoi District which is one of the richest districts in terms of dress, food, drink and others. He also said that it is very important for the present generation to know their own customs and traditions because the knowledge of the culture and the past is a great wealth.
When they reach the cold places, the water changes its shape, and it falls into the rain or snow.
However, in cases where they feel that they should give most or all of the share to the youngest child through a Will or Deed, this Act will allow them to do so.
On the same day, the ventilator was removed and the next day the child breathed on his own without using the instruments and was taken to the baby room of the hospital.
no.8575860615, Fastinity Wanniang Riangdo Ph.
He said that in the past 3-4 days, MeECL has not turned off the electricity in the morning due to the lack of electricity or has produced electricity from hydro projects like Leshka after the heavy rain.
Nongpoh, Nailar 14: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) has expressed its concern over the spread of drugs in the district and the state as a whole. The State shall set up Recreation Centers for the purpose of rehabilitation or training of youth who have become addicted to drugs.
In another incident, two people were killed and seven others injured in a blast in Khuzdar, Balochistan on Tuesday.
& Rishan Rapsang, which has been allocated T.7.83 crore by the Central Government.
The JSU stands united to protect the Khasi Pnar people but sadly the ILP demanded has not reached anywhere.
We should provide them with accommodation so that they can be relocated from Them Iew Mawlong,” said Bah Hek.
In fact, it is a demand for justice and the cleansing of injustice against the nation.
“In many meetings I have said that I don't trust the leadership anymore, I have demanded to change the leadership but no one has listened, I understand that I am the only leader of KHNAM, I can run anywhere. “I don't want to do that, so I have to take another route,” said Bah Adelbert.
Some sources said that Israeli troops shot dead several people who tried to protest against them.
Sibal demanded that the forgiveness of the borrowers should continue until the various issues are resolved, but Tushar Mehta, Solicitor General of the Government of India, said that the RBI's loan forgiveness should not be resolved. It is for six months and ends on 31st July
It is true that since the Hill State was gained in 1972, it has been ruled by other ethnic groups, except for a short time when it was ruled by Bah Brington Buhai Lyngdoh and Bah EK Mawlong.
“Does the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya intend to excavate the land in Wahkaji-Umdohlun-Domiasiat and other places in the Bri U Hynniewtrep?” the JACSO urged Bah Pala.
India has made its debut in the FIFAe Nations Series in 2021 and has played well as a team in the competition against other countries to qualify for the second time in the FIFAE Nations Series. The three years of the FIFA World Cup of Esports.
We who grow sohtrun are very worried because we can't market the sohtrun we have, while you want to encourage others to grow sohtrun. eat.
Earlier, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, said that three government vehicles and two private vehicles were burnt down in the incident at Resu-Khladeng in North Garo Hills. day.
The statement came after the leaders of the All Assam Gorkha Students' Union (ASU) met with the Home Minister of India to discuss the issue.
“For our part, we are taking this opportunity because we have been in Karbi Anglong district for more than 70 years,” said Bah Aibor.
As part of the World Environment Day, KSU Narpuh Circle on Monday held a Slogan and Drawing Competition.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 1: The Rambrai Jyrngam Assembly Constituency, which has been divided from the Nongstoin Assembly Constituency for a long time, has received only one MDC Constituency since the first division. He was elected as the first MDC from the Hills State People's Democratic Party.
Not only has a new building been constructed, but hostels have also been constructed for male and female students.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Jropsing Nongkhlaw, u Bah Jropsing Nongkhlaw, said that the ban on mining in the court has affected not only them. However, it has affected the day labourers, shopkeepers and other residents of the Majai area who used to rely together to support their families through the mining industry.
George was speaking at an election campaign rally for MM Mani in Idukki district of Kerala.
The Kur Warjri has informed that the annual Kur Dorbar which was scheduled to be held this year at Sohryngkham has been canceled due to the violence in the state.
Addressing the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) Youth Wing at YB Chavan Centre, Pawar said he cannot support the BJP and will continue to support the BJP. you don't know the world within yourself.
“The company has assured us that they will complete the installation of CCTV cameras before Christmas,” said the SP. The scheme has been implemented through the Safe Secure Shillong scheme.
He alleged that many political parties have not responded because they have not sent condolences to the families of the victims.
Mrinal tied 54 off 45 balls (11x4s) while Nishanta (59 off 101, 10x4s) before the match ended.
Sangma said there will be many groups to meet with the Home Minister and the employees of the Home Ministry of the Government of India and therefore the State Government will take a decision. Through these discussions, they will continue to move forward.
The KSU San Shnong Unit has informed the public that it will honor the students who have passed well in the examinations at various levels.
However, as soon as he applied the herbal medicine, blood suddenly came out of his ear and from that time until now, he has become deaf and unable to walk. to crane.
It originated in China and the Himalayas.
This past and next month is the month when the Raijs and villages celebrate the arrival of Pyrem in their various villages.
They were charged under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000 and not released on bail pending further investigation into their involvement in the terrorist attack. these are the violence of the enemy.
When any development works or projects, government schemes within the district, the villagers of the district should benefit, they should participate in the implementation as contractors, suppliers and also in the employment of the youth. After the training with various government offices in the district, the villagers of the district should benefit more whether it is East Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills or Ri-Bhoi. and other districts in the state. 80% should be benefited by the district owners in the recruitment of government jobs other than those within the district level and those through the District Selection Committees, Departmental Selection Committees and other committees. If you are not in the district, you will not be able to attend the class if you have not completed the class as required by the government.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Saturday demanded that the Defense Minister, Amit Shah, who is also in charge of the North Eastern Council (NEC), should take action to stop the planned relocation of the North Eastern Council (NEC). The headquarters of NEEPCO has been moved from Shillong to Guwahati.
The candidates elected as MLAs were announced on 2 October 2023 and once again the votes and election of MLAs were divided between the various Hima political parties and independent candidates.
There will be only one match on Friday, while Group A, C and D will not play.
On the other hand, the Governor said that in this short period of time, he has shown himself as a leader.
They include 8 cases from East Jaintia Hills and 8 cases from outside the state; East Khasi Hills District has 115 cases including 48 cases from abroad, 6 cases from the army, 28 cases from high risk contacts, 6 cases from ILI, 3 cases from Jail Road, 5 cases from Nongthymmai, in Rynjah and others.
Aizawl have sent four foreign players including Ansumana Kromah, Leonce Dodoz, Alfred Jaryan and Kareem Omoloja.
