A delegation of senior leaders of the National People's Party (NPP) led by Tura MP Agatha Sangma in the presence of Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Marcuise N Marak, Minister of State and President of the National People's Party (NPP) A'chik Literature Society (Garo), Dr. Caroline R. Marak have arrived in Delhi to request for the inclusion of the Garo language in the list of recognition under Article 5 of the Constitution. The 8th Schedule.
He said that Kennedy has filed his nomination papers to contest for the people of the state and it is expected that other MDA colleagues will support him this time to win as MP to the Rajya Sabha. .
We feel that they are the only ones who suffer.
Meanwhile, vehicles that are supposed to pass through this area can move uninterrupted in the area.
Other new office bearers of the MBA include Johnwell G Momin, Despitol Sun, Vice-President and Dondor Marweiñ, Secretary.
The new cases include four from East Khasi Hills, two from West Garo Hills, one from Ri Bhoi, one from North Garo Hills, two from West Jaintia Hills and one from East Jaintia Hills.
He said money is not what wins the election.
Members of the Chatra Mukti Sangram Samiti (CMSS) reportedly stopped and shouted at the residence of Atul Bora, who is also the Minister of Home Affairs. rep of the Government of Assam.
As a sign of regret and strong opposition to this action, the members of the Executive Committee decided to meet him to ask for clarification from him. The reporter, however, fled the scene on receiving the information.
Another MDC said, “For us it doesn't matter much whether it is next year or later because ultimately it is the people who decide according to the work we do during our term as leaders.
If we remember in the past few years when Bah HS Shylla won the MDC election from the UDP in Nongkrem, he wanted the Seng Riewlum to unite, and he also praised Bah Ardent. He said that he has reached an agreement with the UDP and promised to support Bah Ardent in the MLA election and will not contest again.
Shillong, July 08: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) Tura on Tuesday announced that the results of the SSLC and Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) examinations will be announced in It will be announced on the 10th of this month.
Inspection revealed that 13 out of 30 persons have pending cases against them.
Before meeting the DC, the four organizations held a short meeting at the MPUF office to discuss the issue.
Thangboi has also been appointed assistant manager of Kerala Blasters under the leadership of David James, Nelo Vingada and Rene Muelenstein.
It was also informed that the village leaders have also deducted one kilo from all the ration cards.
Of the smallest states with a population of less than 2 crore, Himachal Pradesh tops the list, followed by Goa, Mizoram, Sikkim and Tripura, while Nagaland, Manipur and Meghalaya. , are the States that have the most influence on the functioning of these small States of India.
When I saw the severity of the landslide, I knew he wasn't going to survive," she said, cradling her three-year-old son.
India's figure was $1,947.417 and it is believed that the decline was due to the spread of the corona virus and the lockdown, which has lasted for many months.
However, the people have been very vigilant and we hope to complete this work as soon as possible".
He said the government has also taken the initiative to build this Integrated Textile Tourism Complex with the aim of promoting tourism, as the government expects that this Integrated Textile Tourism Complex will bring great benefits. not only to the government and to the people of the state as a whole.
The General Secretary Arwotki Sumer congratulated the people of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum on Behdeiñkhlam and hoped that it would bring prosperity, health and prosperity in all aspects. and the Seiñ Raij Jowai from the manner of managing the traffic of vehicles by temporarily suspending during these 'Saw ngi Lai miet'
The KSU has reminded that the Aadhaar card in the state has not yet been accepted by the people and the Supreme Court has also issued an order that Aadhaar should not be the rule and to register names. government schemes.
This was announced by the leaders of the Ranikor Area Farmers Association (RAFA), Michael Donald Lyngdoh as President and Kyrmen K Ryja as Secretary.
Furthermore, various types of tourist vehicles can be installed. The installation of cable car services for the use of the public and especially the tourists is one of the tasks that cannot be undertaken by those who used to mine coal.
Speaking as the chief guest, Prestone urged the Assembly to create opportunities for other ethnic groups to come and be trained at this training center so that the traditional Khasi song and music can be preserved. it shall spread and spread throughout the earth.
Paul to Galatians 6:9-410 “And let us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not. we are the ones who have faith.
According to the forecast of the Meteorological Department, heavy rainfall will continue in many parts of East Khasi Hills district in the next 24 hours.
However, only this prime minister has come which was the first time I have seen him in my life”.
It was witnessed that in Narleng village, the Assam Government has also destroyed the entire village.
SHILLONG: Two persons were killed in an accident on Mawlai Bypass this morning.
To protest against the attack on the house of Cherishterfield Thangkhiew, former Secretary of the HNLC, the KSU, FKJGP, ENJC, JNC, HANM, JSU and others have protested against the attack. They took to the streets in solidarity to condemn the government and the police for their negligence and taking away the life of Bah Cherish, even though he was in bed.
“We want to build ambition for our youth and help overcome their potential and limitations.
This valley is located between Nongkhlaw and Mairang near Nongrymmai village.
I left my job in the face of the pandemic and looking back now I am very happy that I did not regret my decision and now I expect that this job will grow from now on.
For the Under-14 (U-14) category, the tournament will start on April 1 and end on the 10th of the same month in Bengaluru, while for the U-17 category ( The U-17 tournament will start on the 14th and end on the 23rd March in Delhi.
Shillong, Nalur 14: The Cabinet today approved the Meghalaya Parliamentary Secretary (Appointments, Salaries, Allowances and Miscellaneous Provisions) Amendment Bill, 2016 and the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya (Members' Salaries & Allowances) Amendment Bill, , to be tabled in the current session for approval.
The arrest was made after he was brought to the department by the pig farmers who informed that it was after eating the plant that two pigs kept in the same household died. Now.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that he does not feel anything if the MPCC President Vincent H Pala files a charge sheet against the MDA government. MPCC President Vincent H Pala has promised to file a chargesheet against the MDA government on charges of corruption.
“This government has only promised to fight for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule. In fact, if they take action, they can because the NPP is working with the BJP from the state government to the central government.
During the visit of Home Minister Amit Shah, KAS has hoped to express its request.
He said that in relation to the rape and abuse of women and children, it is necessary to take action from their own homes, where they should take care of the behavior of their children. to ask and to advise and explain to them in connection with this work.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma together with other Ministers will attend the 150th Anniversary of the Baptist Church in the Achik Hills on Sunday. Bethel is about 34 km from Tura.
The bapli of the paid has also remained silent even though he does not know how much revenue the KHADC and the Hima Mylliem can collect from such revenue collection gates.
Eighteen teams took part in the tournament.
Because there is a desire to lead the government in the state.
He said that the university requests the JAC to come to the negotiating table, as well as to discuss and verify their suggestions and the steps taken by the university instead of coming out and opposing without. The protest groups are also part of the university and are aware of the progress of the activities and the steps taken by the university on the list of demands.
Through the UCC, all ethnic and religious traditions will be replaced and abolished; the customs and traditions as well as the manner of conducting any affairs of any nation according to the teachings of their ancestors.
Because the work is too heavy and the income per day is only about 66 tyngka, how can they survive?
The Principal Secretary said that the work has been suspended in parts of Ribhoi due to the opposition of the civil society.
A bus carrying school children of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC) has collided with a tree near the Army Headquarters in Hynniewmer, Upper Shillong.
The Chief Minister and Deputy Chief Minister will be more comfortable bringing balls from Meghalaya to Delhi from time to time from various Ministers of Delhi.
Regarding our delayed publication, we apologize to the law enforcement authorities and to the residents of 34-Mawshynrut, District West Khasi Hills and the State of Meghalaya. .
It is learned that all the village leaders and residents of the area, including Sabuda, Khlieh Umwang, Madan Umwang, Jatalong, Umtlieh, Ummat, Umlaper and others, attended the meeting. crowd, which they carried iong flags with forty different inscriptions on placards.
The Cultural Committee, the Seng Khasi Kmie and with the support of the Ministry of Tourism of The State Government will hold the “Na Thymmei Festival” on the 19th and 20th November
The Supreme Court today suspended the jail sentence of Rahul Gandhi in a case against him for allegations against the Modi people. who has been expelled from the Lok Sabha.
The construction of the road will cost T.80.04,53,000 and will be constructed by Rinaldi Ryngksai, Borin Shadap, Lester Syiemlieh and Banalari Khongwar. However, they worked together as a joint venture.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 09: Since the governments of Assam and Meghalaya signed the social border settlement agreement, the residents of the villages that have been transferred to Assam together with the civil society groups of West Khasi Hills have not been satisfied. They said that they will not approve of this soskular.
Shillong: The Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, has urged the Home Minister Amit Shah to discuss the CAB. MDCs of the Council to remove the party feeling when fighting for the cause of the nation because the party is only a party but a person belongs to the same nation.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Vincent H.Pala said that many political parties have urged Bah Batskhem to contest from their party after seeing that this MDC has a goal to win the election. election from Mairang Constituency in
Barister Kynter, General Secretary, congratulated Bah HM Shangpliang, who took the lead in the awarding ceremony. who have passed well in the examination in
In the second match, Cham Cham SC drew 1-1 with Tuber Shohshrieh.
Shillong, Nailur 02: Mawkhar Christian Higher Secondary School, Shillong on Thursday celebrated its 131st Anniversary and 10th Anniversary of the Higher Secondary School. school.
The committee will include the Rangbah Shnong, MeECL officials and district authorities.
Sanbor said that the people had flocked to the rally and did not hesitate to protest, even though they had to be lathi bombed by the police because they wanted the demand of Ardent to be fulfilled. The government should revoke the announcement of MUDA regarding the Building Act which it has passed in the villages and areas under the jurisdiction of the District Council.
He said that there are some organizations which inform the district council when there are people working without labor license from the district council and therefore the department has taken action and sent them to those places to check. They also did not inform the council.
She said that when she asked for the Certificate, the Secretary Shnong did not give it and if he did, he did not give it with a Xerox copy while the one he signed with his own handwriting did not give it.
Shillong: After the release of the NRC by the Assam Government, the state has been in fear that these foreigners whose names have been removed from the NRC of Assam may come and try to hide and infiltrate in the state. Our land, said the statement of KHNAM today.
Dozens of members of the Seng have donated their precious blood as part of helping those who urgently need blood for their illnesses.
When asked about the demand of the AITC to temporarily suspend the DGP of Meghalaya and SP of West Garo Hills, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that any political party can raise the demands but it is necessary to look at all the truth.
At the same time, the union urged the Meghalaya government to take action on this issue, and the union will work hard for the rights of the residents of Lamalong, Jair. , Sonidan, Tyrso, Umthangam and Mawrathud.
Mawkyrwat, July 30: U Bah T. Lyngwa, IAS, District Election Officer, Mawkyrwat, today announced that after the announcement of the date of the General Election to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, The District Election Control Room and Expenditure Control Room (DRC & ECR) will be implemented immediately on 27th June, 2023 at the following numbers:
“Where is my signature.
Shillong: The Privilege Committee of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has rejected the apology of Deputy Superintendent of Police (Dy.SP) W Momin, who appeared before DGP R Chandranathan. sun.
Recalling the Academic Council meeting which has not yet taken a decision to implement the NEP, 2020, the college teachers said that before taking any decision, it should be taken by consensus.
However, the PWD officials have tried to discuss the matter but it is understood that the matter is still pending.
The crowds expected Jesus to praise their new clothes, their righteousness and holiness; and that he would bless their whole village.
The Hima Nongstoin has also donated Rs 10,000, the Hima Mylliem Rs 10,000 and the Hima Nongkhlaw Rs 50,000 as part of the fight against COVID-1
They were arrested from an area known as the Salt Lick Area, which is also a place where the animals in the forest come to drink water and eat milk. The Wildlife Department officials had received no information about the arrival of these poachers, so they conducted a search operation and arrested them easily.
Personal testimony is more important than testimony by questioning, but it is one of the working techniques, which cannot be publicly demonstrated here.
“We find that the people in the villages are poor and deprived especially in food and drink,” said Swami.
The khiew makers from both these villages said that the market for these khiews is very busy and traders from all over the country come to buy these khiews. they cannot meet the demand of the merchants because they do not have enough space to grind the soil; to build and then to clean the finished vessels.
When sin has taken root in life, life has already become miserable from earth to heaven and before the throne of God we have already fallen into terrible condemnation.
"So God came down and confused their language and they did not understand each other".
Allfond also spoke a little bit about the marketing of synsar and how many farmers know how to market it, because as it is known that many war zones used to be the main producers of synsar but in Regarding the price, they are in their own right, so this is a very discouraging thing for the farmers.
Dr Drin Singh Hynniewta has also served as a doctor at Roberts Hospital since
If the price of petrol and diesel in Assam is higher than in Meghalaya, then the people have the right to demand a higher price”.
Shillong, June 3: The State Government has issued an order to the Magistrates to investigate whether eight persons residing in Lyngkhat, Pynursla C&RD Block are illegal immigrants. I'm from Bangladesh.
There will come a time when our men will run out of women, and we will go looking for women elsewhere where their legal wall is stronger than the Chinese wall.
Salonbhami Suchiang of Lummuroo SS Shangpung defeated Lechan Suchiang of the same school 21-13, 10-21, 15-2
After this, the main meeting was held inside the hall of the college where a welcome speech was delivered by Bah Wandur.
Although the wife refused to obey the order of her husband, the husband forced her to stay with the fortune-teller and there, she was locked up in a room and forced to bat bor every day for 79 days.
Our land in Umpling has been given to Bengali Hindu refugees from Bangladesh.
We must realize that in breaking into someone’s home it is not our choice.
He also talked about the Certificate received by these groups.
There were about 60 people who brought placards to the area.
He said that the MDA government has worked hard to take a decision to evacuate the people from the Mawlong Market area.
When it comes to agriculture, the Umngot River is like a blood vessel that gives life to the Ri-War Khasi people.
Regarding these demands by the NTC and UTD leaders, the NHAI officials in Guwahati promised to take action and implement them immediately.
They said that most of the women who were taken to Rambrai PHC to give birth gave birth halfway.
Leaders of the Seng Samla Shnong 20mer and the Sport Club, have clarified publicly on this allegation, after the Dorbar Shnong 20mer, has issued an allegation in the media, alleging that the three organizations The RBYF, HNYF and FKJGP have come to challenge even the village development by bypassing the village authorities.
They said that they have already met with the government to remove the name of the church from the university.
“To talk too much about this is not the way because we don't see what is in the Blue Print because what the government gives to the media doesn't tell us everything. “Wait for the government to call for talks and we will see what comes out of the talks with the government,” he said.
“In the mid-term MDC elections, I will contest with my own people, but in the MLA elections in 2018, I will contest,” she said.
The meeting also discussed the trafficking of alcoholic beverages in the region and said that the seizure of alcoholic beverages and the destruction of forests in the region is a matter of great concern for the future generations of the country. .
He said that the state government has followed the guidelines and all the necessary rules have already been taken and the Indian government has already issued permission and clearance.
Three candidates including Laitumkhrah MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh, Shillong West MLA Mohendro Rapsang and Rambrai MLA Kimfa Marbaniang have joined the NPP.
public art.
d in Political Science so both of us are not lawyers or lawyers.
“There has been no rule or public notice issued by the Meghalaya government to prohibit the Garo people living in Khasi Hills from benefiting from the land,” they said.
Nongstoiñ: At the inauguration ceremony of the foundation stone for the construction of the football stadium at Mawkynjoiñ Laitkseh, Nongstoiñ MLA Macmillan Byrsat has explained to the public about the exclusion of 10 football stadiums. Laitkseh and Marngor Circle to the new district.
“We have received information from the party that it will hold the presidential election on July 2, 2016 but we have not even discussed it. “It is the President,” said Bah Khlursing while talking to Rupang on Friday and added that this shows that the money power has worked by force as happened in the Congress party.
Any political situation does not remain the same but changes rapidly according to the passage of time.
The death toll has risen to 49,036, the health ministry said today.
Wells said that Prof. Sten came from a poor family and started his life as a cowboy by going to night school and working with rnga and riewhadem. thop in the hands and feet of the cows with a book in the hands.
At the same time, the Seiñ Kur Dkhar East Jaintia Hills has summoned the relatives of Ramesh Dkhar to appear for more information. They have also declared before the Seiñ Kur Dkhar that they have misused the Kur Dkhar as their Kur, even though they are not from the Kur Dkhar. It is not the Kur Dkhar or the blood of the Kur Dkhar and that they have misused the Kur Dkhar as their Kur for their own benefit in the past decades.
However, Ganold's victory came back in 1998, when Khan Khongdkhar INC, in the third election, defeated Ganold UDP by more than 250 votes.
Regarding the situation in West Khasi Hills where 70% of the population lives on agriculture, this time they have been severely affected, because at the same time the wind has also blown. severely.
He said that the departments have made their own preparations and that the MYCC will also produce a souvenir, a video documentary entitled “THE VIBRANT 50 GOLDEN YEARS”. Companies, Banks, Shops, and others who wish to publish advertisements can contact the MYCC office bearers or phone at 8575415233 /
There were 17 incidents of violence in Cachar, where there was a clash between Assam and Mizoram.
The AJCCTA has held a Committee meeting on the 16th of this month at its office at Lum Shnong and the Committee has decided to hold a public meeting on the 20th of this month at 11 am. ha Hynniaw-Mer (7-mer) to take a decision against the collection of toll fees from the toll gates which has affected not only commercial vehicles but also private vehicles.
He found that the shops that used to sell rice in Namdong, Khanduli and other neighboring villages don't have enough rice because they don't have enough stock. I request the village leaders to look into such families and provide information to the authorities so that they can sell in the shops. know how to do what is necessary so that the people can get assistance at the right time.
The revenue share has increased from Rs 5,000 crore to Rs 9,000 crore and revenue from the state has increased to Rs 4,700 crore in the last five years.
The US President is in Sweden today before attending the Summit of the 20 most powerful countries in Russia.
That law is the Anti-Defection Law which prohibits MPs or MLAs from leaving their party at will.
Trump made the remarks during a meeting between the two leaders ahead of the G7 summit in France.
Condemning the Governor's action, Bindo said that if anything happens in the District Council, the Governor should be responsible.
I don't have a thousand jobs, Kopati Puja is a factory that I'm working on.
According to him, this will happen because the people of the state have already experienced the political parties recognized as national parties and added “Therefore, the time has come for the people to support the UDP and I am sure that I hope you will win the MLA elections next year”.
The meeting has been scheduled to be held on the 12th November 2018 at the Soso Tham Auditorium at the State Central Library, Shillong from 10 am for all parents who send to private schools.
The award ceremony was held on Tuesday at the JN Sports Complex, Polo.
In total, this is a 55 percent increase of T.7,379.91 crore from T.4,776.50 crore in the same period last year.
Andas Surong scored the first goal of the match (29).
Nongpoh: U Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Umsaw Nongkharai Unit, today visited the village of Umsaw Nongkharai.
In Dkhar, the shynrang is the master.
The Deinshalu Village Authority has congratulated this man who is a citizen who has a good spirit to help the poor families of Deinshalu Village.
“I always like to work.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Pius Marweiñ, MLA/MDC of Ranikor Constituency, said that from the beginning, as he promised to distribute development projects or schemes in the heat and light, so with the witness. Since 2018 until now, he said that with the submission of the names of the villages who are entitled to receive the assistance, the necessary has been done and handed over to them from the tins of houses, the donation of money. for their needs, documents or work orders for the construction of structures such as school buildings and footpaths with the witnessing of the community.
The CEC today urged the police to arrest all those involved in the illegal activities as according to information, the authorities involved in the illegal activities have hundreds of police officers. to arrest all those mynder who injured, injured and carried weapons with the intention of injuring and taking the lives of these members of the KSU yesterday at Ichamaty.
Meanwhile, Shillong Lajong, which started later in the MSL 2023 than other teams due to their participation in the Second Division League of the All India Football Federation (AFA), have managed to promote back to the top flight. The League.
Tomorrow's matches will be between Caroline Colony vs Lutituber Ialong, Dulong vs Sailung Ialong and Lumpariat vs Mulang Ialong.
All the matches tomorrow will be played at the SAI STC Center, Shillong.
Who is suffering here? The suffering of the poor youth who want to earn a living and the poor who cannot afford to buy a car or the suffering of the car dealers and the rich? It's weird.
NorthEast coach Juan Pedro Benali replaced Freddy Chawngthansanga after scoring a hat-trick.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr.E.B.V Laloo explained many of the measures that patients should take at home to prevent the spread of Tuberculosis so that the disease does not spread to others. She also urged those who are at home to be tested and take medicines and take the necessary precautions as directed by the health workers. At the same time, she explained and told about the various schemes and financial assistance during the treatment, this is for those suffering from tuberculosis.
The Minister said that it is a great difficulty for the people living in the area who need roads and other development projects.
The Ministry of Home Affairs said that 2,744 people have taken refuge in Kolasib district (bordering Assam), 2,610 in Aizawl district and 2,229 in Aizawl district. Saitual district.
However, even after the conquest of Tirot Singh, there were still Khasi Himas which the British East India Company had not been able to conquer, and one of those Himas was the Maharam Hima under the leadership of Sngap. Singh, the King of the Maharam Kingdom at that time.
Beniwal was accompanied by leaders of the farmers' association of Sriganganagar and Hanumangarh.
The KSU said that there is one doctor at the PHC and on the day of the incident, he was not at the PHC. , he had to stay to provide services at this hospital.
Therefore, the elderly, mothers, youth and civil society organizations like the KSU have come forward to oppose and also to preach the dangers of Aadhaar.
Furthermore, this Sub-Continent has mountains, hills, rivers, streams, plains and lyhuh as well as various plants, animals of many species and more abundant such as 'La The Bengal Tiger, the One Horned Rhino, the Klew and others.
Mawlai Phudmuri, the winner, won a cash prize of 40,000 thousand tyngka along with a trophy and Synrop Football Club, the runners-up, won a cash prize of 20,000 thousand tyngka. and the trophy.
Therefore, the presence of military bases inside the city or near the villages of the people is like a threat to the people.
Peace and punishment are also important factors," he said.
The purpose of setting up this ropeway is to attract tourists and tourism will become a source of employment for the people of the state.
However, the surprising thing is that Meghalaya is only a spectator of this violence by Assam.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that the second phase of the border talks has gone on its own.
He took eight wickets for 45 runs (including six wickets for 18 runs in the first innings), while Kishan Singha of Manipur was named Player of the Match.
The government denies all these baseless and untrue allegations.
Excessive fear that comes through the belief that the person who has been imprisoned will soon die makes sick and depressed, while the courageous and unbeliever will not be harmed.
The purpose of the MoT by organizing this race is to promote Border Area Tourism and also for Rural/Village Tourism.
On the other hand, Bah Rymbai said that this will provide some assistance to the SSA teachers in Meghalaya, but this two month salary will not solve the problems. The teachers' side stands firm on the ground to demand the release of all the remaining funds until November,
“If the talks are not successful next month, the MCCL employees will sit down to discuss and start the strike again.
The High Court said that during the investigation, if anyone is found guilty, he should have the opportunity to inspect the documents and accept or reject them.
I believe that the people of the state will give the right answer,” Sangma said in an interview with the media on Thursday.
When they arrived at the scene, they found that the machinery, equipment and pipes used in the construction of the road were destroyed.
Meanwhile, u Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that he has confidence in all the MLAs in the coalition government to vote as discussed in the MDA. All the MLAs in the MDA will vote for him for the Lamphang seat.
A total of 16 groups from the village and neighboring villages participated.
In Horeb Moses said, “The Lord our God made this covenant not with our fathers in Horeb, but with us, we ourselves. I am here today” Deuteronomy 5:2-3
There were also about 500 complaints against various election irregularities, of which seven were against Narendra Modi and none of them were accepted.
Phrangki scored the goals for Lajong in the 5th minute and Mahesh in the 66th minute.
The Leader of the Opposition said that such a behavior has never happened before either in the KHADC or even in the Legislative Assembly.
Conrad said the Ministry of Mining and Geology has also donated Rs 5 lakh to the family of Lopendro Sangma who died in the collapse and Rs 50,000 to the family of Hendid Momin who was seriously injured. ,I am from Ugur village, North Garo Hills.
The State-of-the-art Club, located on the JNPA grounds, provides hospitality services and adequate accommodation for visitors.
When attempting to talk to many of the youth, they refused to talk about this problem.
Shillong: The Managing Director of Amrit Cement Limited, Pradeep Kumar Bagla today donated 1800 masks to the people of Amrit Cement Limited. and about 9800 hand gloves to the office of the DGP of Meghalaya.
“We will contest from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency and also from Tura,” he said.
The festival will feature food items from the Eastern Region and many states of India.
Therefore, to bring once again a glorious victory, with one voice, we have decided to support the PDF, because of the strong and stable foundations of the party, for the sake of the country and the nation,” he said. shisha is the statement.
In the singles, the winner will receive a cash prize of 10,000 thousand tyngka and the runner-up will receive a cash prize of 4,000 thousand tyngka.
However, why in this state where the majority of Christians, which is more than 73 percent, does not accept the proposal to bring about a clean and corruption-free governance?
We understand that when the college authorities make a wrong decision, it affects the teachers, and when there is a problem with the teachers, it affects the student.
The celebration concluded with the awarding of prizes to the winners of the Khasi, English and other journalism competitions.
The incident occurred 10 hours after 34 MPs were expelled from the dorbar for disrupting the rules of procedure.
Besides, the hospital has received an ambulance and the health department will try its best to provide an ambulance in the next few days.
There was a protest at that time to continue the support and supervision of the Meghalaya Rural Development Society (MRDS) but the government refused because it did not have the funds as the IFAD project ended that year. .
The 115 new cases were from 142 tests across the country till 8 am on Tuesday.
“Although we cannot interfere with the police investigation, the police themselves have maintained that they have arrested these two members only on suspicion because of the location where they are according to the location. which they had through their mobile phones at the time of the murder,” he said.
She said that it is necessary to encourage mothers across the State to give birth at the right time as this is also the cause of the loss of mothers during childbirth.
The CBU has contributed greatly not only in bringing together all the alumni of Don Bosco and promoting education, but also in helping and guiding the students for the future. through its various educational programs from 1968 to the present.
Shillong, Iaiong 26: Police have arrested some people who are trying to sell goods by sending SMS to the public or through TV channels, which are deceiving the public with gifts.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the people and civil society should continue to receive the report on the death of Balsan Marak in custody.
According to witnesses, Pranshon had gone fishing with his brother Darion Mawlong and two other friends at Wah Umpih in Nongmawlong Village. New.
In the boys' category, Ri-Bhoi District beat West Jaintia Hills District 1-0 and this was the most precious goal for Ri-Bhoi District. and he gave it to Riskhem the king.
He added that the leaders of the state including the President of the BJP Meghalaya and the party spokespersons should ensure that the people do not have any inconvenience and be the voice for them. inside the legislature.
Shillong, March 14 : U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Mansukh Mandaviya on Saturday inaugurated the new Regional Cancer Centre, Under Graduate Medical College. New Nursing College, Hostels, Modular OT and Guest House at North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS) Shillong.
“I can't say anything, we don't know where they cut,” said Bah Umlong.
The fighting between Israel and the Palestinian militant group Hamas entered a second day on Sunday.
Can I just say or don't say “I have never worked for any party or don't admit that I belong to that party FKJGP”.
Meanwhile, Aiboklang Jyrwa scored the first goal for BMHSS in the 40th minute. Jyrwa scored in the 46th minute and Welshar Paliar scored in the 57th minute.
Tura, Iaiong 13 : Police have identified a former member of the UALA armed group who was shot dead in Chibinang, Dadenggre Sub Division, West Garo Hills on Sunday night. The deceased was identified as Wali A Sangma, son of (L) Nickson M Marak of Darakona village, North Garo Hills.
How did you get to Umtalen?
The standby players are Thunun R Marak, Justin Fancon, Ferando BM Sangma and Dipankar Barua.
There are 4096 disabled voters in the state in 1404 polling stations in the state.
"“The letter we sent to the DC's office has been rejected, although we are not working in the DC's office, the letter we wrote is in a respectful and polite language but they have not received any reply. to us," he said.
The allocation of jobs in government departments for SC/ST should be implemented properly,” he said.
“On 4th July, Marak and Nashier and others came to the workshop shop and forced me to sign a business agreement worth T.9 lakh,” Sarkar said.
The Commission has spent time and money, even visiting all the Commissions of other States in India, to prepare its own report for the State.
On the other hand, the RBDSA leaders also advised the players that their visit is not to have fun or play but to be children who know the manners and respect especially to they should think like players in the game they intend to attend.
“In the last five years as the NPP we have worked with various political parties including the BJP, UDP, HSPDP, PDF, NCP in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government. “The handshake of these parties against the NPP is very strong especially against the Chief Minister (Conrad Sangma) and me as the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
“The DC office and other government departments will join hands at the site and clean up Iawmusiang,” said Ma Wailadmiki Shylla and asked the Jowai Waheh Shnong Union to provide sufficient reasons. on their opposition to the transfer of the North Jowai Division to Shangpung.
They don't feel sorry and don't feel sorry for anything else, even if it is discriminatory, to support what is not relevant and what doesn't fit anymore just for their own benefit.
It means that man will rule not only over others but also on land, at sea and in the air.
He was Assistant Parish Priest of Santa Maria Consenza Parish, Italy for more than 5 years and in 2015 he had to return to his home diocese to take over as Parish Priest of Nongstoin Town Parish until days of his appointment as Bishop of the Diocese of Nongstoin.
§ The NMPB will cover 800 hectares of land to provide opportunities for the cultivation of medicinal plants along the Ganga River.
Now let us come to the story I want to tell you and it is about the debate on the complaint against the newspaper Ka Pyrta U Riewlum.
He said that the investigation team will be headed by the Additional District Magistrate (A DM) I. Majaw.
The Public Hearing was held by the Water Resources Department, West Jaintia Hills on 22nd November with the participation of members of the Pynthornein Farmers Association, farm owners and management. village of Ladthadlaboh, Myntdu, Rud Myntdu, the Myntdu River Cleanliness Organization.
Through this programme, it was possible to explain the prevalence of diseases among animals such as foot and mouth disease in cattle as well as lumpy skin disease and African Swine Fever. cows and pigs.
The KSU Narpuh has expressed its surprise that this blue color change and the widespread death of fish in the river has happened only within the 20th of November. They have a contract with Wah Lukha.
The top leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) have not yet taken any decision on the request of the State Government to join the peace talks.
Have you ever thought that it is not possible to rectify, update, revise the Reservation Policy which has been left unchanged? Has the nation been destroyed for 50 years? Whether the Garo or the Khasi-Pnar are a living, strong, growing and prosperous nation, this policy should be implemented to ensure that the The policy should not be biased to ensure fair employment according to the population, it should be done with the thought that the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo people will benefit together and by fighting together.
Tapan, with the help of Tapan Mallakar alias Mamu from Oakland, was able to use a Wagon R color iong registered DL and registered as ML10B3589, which was used to kidnap the elderly man and another. An Esteem ML05L 2150 ron white was used to transport the family members of the abductee.
So far, 86,500 cases have been reported in the country, an increase of 7.4 percent, although it has dropped slightly from 8 percent the previous day.
The incident which happened at the KJP Girls' Synod Higher Secondary School, Jaïaw in Jaïaw has shocked many people.
They demanded that the sordar should immediately convene a dorbar pyllun of the people to discuss this issue as the people have insisted not to give any land to the government without paying the price.
She said that the community has to come forward and raise awareness to start the blood test.
The pursuit of the Meghalaya Police from the temporary camp at Psiar to Sahsniang shows that the State Government has turned its back on the Assam Government.
Savio Iawphniaw, 33, resident of Riangdo, is a Catholic. He is a Catholic.
Many touching articles have appeared in various books about the poverty of Khasi girls, said Bah Michael.
“This is a very serious task and the Chief Minister has talked to the Central Government because this is a task that without the permission of the Central Government, these things will not happen.
“We have taken this matter very seriously and the departments are now ready that all the orders and orders of these courts should be implemented immediately.
Finally, the KSU which works for the good of the Jaitbynriew does not want to shake hands with us, but the KSU just wants to clarify the truth.
Lambokstar said it is surprising that Meghalaya is under the Secretariat because even to implement the laws of the state, permission has to be obtained from the Central Government.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Samla Banjop Maring said that the reason why the party did not meet the DC was after she could not see him anymore. The state government has taken action against the people living in the area.
The poor are punished by the law, and the rich stay in their homes.
The Ri Bhoi Dorbar on 4th July 2022 held a special celebration of the 30th Anniversary of the Ri Bhoi District at Nongpoh. Leaders came to take part in the meeting to discuss the current situation in Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, June 7: The Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) will hold a blood donation program on the 8th of this month at Rajasthan Vishram Bhavan Garikhana, Luckier Road to mark its 126th birth anniversary. Dr Keshav Baliram Hedgewar, founder of the party.
At the same time, it was confirmed that these gold biscuits were smuggled from Manipur and intended to be delivered to Delhi but were seized in Guwahati.
Two mothers and children from Wahthre, Shallang village in West Khasi Hills have gone missing and have not returned home yet.
At the same time, the HANM Narpuh leader recalled that a few months ago, some organizations had visited the Sub Station at Lumshnong and found that they had old equipment. Therefore, the union urges the department to take action to equip the sub station with good equipment so that the electricity supply in the area will not be too much.
“If the government suspects that he is involved in illegal activities as it has alleged, it should summon him to appear before the court to get evidence and not to shoot him dead in the evening,” he said. The government's allegation will remain unknown because Bah Che has died to testify to this allegation by the police and the government whether it is true or false.
Man also needs to have a sense of holiness and godliness that reaches to the heart according to the teachings of most of the religions that mankind follows.
I don't rule over you.
At the same time, he said why the government has taken aside the kharpoi ei poiwir who work under the Municipal Board to build houses. You cannot provide land for a large amount of public money.
It has health benefits that we can get from this fruit and reduction of blood glucose in people with diabetes.
After that day, nothing else was known and it was only on the 3rd of November that he was taken to hospital and his condition is unknown, said the Rangbah Shnong.
Almost all the MDCs as well as the Chief Executive Members came with sponges and traditional costumes to coincide with the festival.
Benedetta Allegranzi, a WHO expert, speaking in Geneva today, said the disease is most common in crowded, closed areas where the wind does not blow. These are the areas where the disease is most common.
“We pray to God and our priests to be courageous and strengthen the word of God and the Eucharist,” he said.
When they got up in the morning, they laughed and laughed while they were drinking, remembering what had happened that night.
About 500 residents of the area came to witness the match between the two teams.
Ezekiel 28:13.
I used to wonder if their children had enough to eat and drink even in the morning.
According to the source, the police opened fire, but the SP denied the allegation.
Assam topped the list with 71 gold medals and Manipur came second with 68 gold medals.
Mookaswan Dongwah and Mukhla Umlangchor have won the 3rd Adelbert Memorial Trophy in the Third Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA). on Friday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai.
Remember as government ministers and officers, you rise to higher positions through teachers so remember to respect them by making it easier for them to get their salary every month and not to have to fight for their salary.
Nongpoh: A group of EMs of the KHADC, together with the Syiem, Ministers of the Hima Mylliem and officials of the Raid Marwet, today visited Iongkhuli village, a village within the border. Raid Marwet, Hima Mylliem, which has suffered another border crossing in Assam, after the Assam Police, went to remove the electricity posts which were installed by MeECL in the area. the village.
Although the government has imposed severe penalties on those who violate the laws in different sections, this cannot be compensated if the disease spreads. but these cannot repay the souls of men if the disease is spread from me who breaks the law.
The Principal of Don Bosco School in Dhanjanagar, on the outskirts of Udaipur, Tessy Joseph, in a two-page application sent to the Magistrate, has requested for measures to prevent such illegal activities. and to protect this institution,property and rights under the constitution of india.
Shillong: U Vincent H Pala, MP Shillong, today said that Star Cement Meghalaya Limited has received the environmental clearance after receiving the support of many people. they just wrote.
Shillong, Lber 25: The National People's Party (NPP) and the National Democratic Progressive Party (NDPP) on Monday joined hands in Nagaland to send a message. The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) has decided to hold a meeting with the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
Shillong, November 6: The Nongkhlaw Circle today released 5 quintals of fish from the Nongkhlaw Circle.
Khliehriat, November 14: The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District, today issued three orders under the Section 144CrPC for the protection of a Liat Prah farm in Shnongrim. to protect the newly constructed bridge at Shymplong and the road at Lakaseiñ, near Samasi, Umkyrpong to Kseh.
Police have registered a case under Section 363 IPC and are investigating the complaint.
This is a program developed by the Government of India under the NIPUN Bharat and G-20 targets on the theme “Ensuring Foundation Literacy and Numeracy especially in the context of blended learning”. Janbhagidari Events and Activities program where the beneficiaries of this program will be the students from Pre-Primary to Class III. Lakiang, DMC-SSA West Jaintia Hills District followed by the recitation of the NIPUN Bharat Pledge by all the students and teachers. Shillong.
Many issues were discussed at the meeting especially the payment of land for the construction of highways.
After finding out, the KSU has punished these foreigners and warned them that they are no longer allowed to continue this work anywhere and they should leave immediately. this fishing ground and the whole area.
Regarding the Synrang Umlawe Water Supply Scheme in Bataw and surrounding villages under the Jal Jevan Mission (JJM), he said the implementation is progressing well.
“It's because I love you so much that I tell you.
Hundreds of farmers including leaders of farmers' organizations from different parts of the country attended the meeting.
“Tomorrow, if there are characters in the government documents that can be written in Garo, will it be an important issue or not? you can't do it.
The eight injured include Prystylla Hayong, Romario Khriam, Anastasia Ting, Rucina Ymbon, Regency Ymbon, Gita Mary Wahlang, Rubul Burman and and he was known as Bathshem Kurbah.
The Quit India Movement, which is known as the Peaceful Demonstration, was held by the leader of the group, Bah Banshai Marbaniang. He said that the Quit India Movement is part of the Quit India Movement. freedom.
However, the government has not yet called for any discussion or information on the letter to the Prime Minister, which was attached to the memorandum. They also demand that the government should immediately call for talks on this issue regarding the problem of the poor who have gone abroad and other issues. need.
In the fourth month there will be an explanation on Severe Acute Malnutrition (SAM) and the distribution of food items to those who should benefit.
After a thorough investigation, it was confirmed that the two men had gone to rob the brother and the child who was studying in class KG by giving them the name sin. tip name.
Those who have to take the test at the entry points into the state, have to pay the same fee, while those who are below poverty line (bpl), those who have yellow and pink NFSA There is no charge for these tests and those who have high risk contacts will be tested free of charge.
Saleng A Sangma said he will bring a Zero Hour Notice in the upcoming dorbar synrai to demand that the Government should cancel the MLA scheme and if the Government does not want to cancel the The scheme should increase the share of the scheme so that the MLAs will not face any discrimination from the people of their constituencies.
But we see that God continued to fulfill His promises to Israel.
The government company, which has been in debt for 100 years, has angered the people after the government has failed to provide adequate services.
Our Khasi country is still in peace compared to other parts of the country and the world.
Many Nongkitkam and Nongialam Kur attended the meeting.
The teachers of the school after teaching in the area since 2012 have seen the problems of the village which still needs a lot of attention from the MLA and the government as well. .
Mawsor said that the happiness and confidence of the foreigners in Shallang is because there is a protector who is like a stieh for them.
Nowadays, in this age of technology, tickets can be bought online and spectators should decide how many people can come in a day, because not all tourist spots have a carrying capacity. of them to carry those visitors.
The Dorbar Shnong has decided that all election meetings of candidates should be held at the Dorbar Hall of the Shnong.
It is in vain that many of us don't have to hear such foolish talk on earth.
Russia's missile attack comes months after Russia stopped attacking Ukrainian power plants.
When I look, these incidents are happening continuously in our beloved country, the consciousness has disappeared, because the law does not have such things while other things of the law exist, if there is a law to put such things. If anyone is found to be sdien phasi beit, this crime will be stopped.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday announced that the G20 has agreed to admit the African Union as a full member of the Group 20 (G20) this time.
On the other hand, the brother of Bah Solomon, Pynbiang Rymbai, has lodged a complaint against these two men at Ummulong Police Beat House. Damut Bang and Palmon Sari of Ladmukhla village, West Jaintia Hills, have arrested Solomon Rymbai for parts of the body.
We have organized many festivals to showcase Meghalaya,” he said.
Our body has mechanisms that help us to know the health of our body parts.
At the same time, it is sad to see that the number of those convicted of involvement in violence is low.
After joining the party, Bah Himalaya, in his speech, said that it is the development works and measures taken for the development of the youth and farmers of the state by the NPP-led MDA Government. I encouraged him to join the Party.
At the same time, the President had discussions with the Home Minister, Lahkmen Rymbui on the issue of children and students.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh said that the reason why the KHADC has conducted this inspection is after receiving a complaint from the HNYF. , on the collapse of the quarries in the Killing area.
“At least before the Puja, we expect to receive the money,” he said.
University : means a large university, a large university is a source of fire that burns and destroys the marramew; read is not a story that expresses thoughts in your mind; he is not great and exalted; teaching is to ask others to tell stories.
Speaking to media after the meeting, FASToM Spokesperson Samla Mayborn Lyngdoh said, “The Prime Minister has asked for time because the file prepared by the Ministry of Education has arrived. immediately to the Cabinet and the Cabinet will be required to meet up to three times and our proposal will be approved by the Cabinet.
Other prisoners including Milstone G Momin, Polab D Sangma, Sankyntiew Decruse and Suresh M Sangma were released after receiving treatment.
Referring to the demand to make Tura the capital of the state during the rainy season, Conrad Sangma said he firmly believes and is clear in his mind that all the issues, in the societies we see are closely related to income as well as development.
MPCC President Vincent Pala and Mawhati MLA Charles Marngar were also present on the occasion.
“India has reached the South Pole of the moon which other countries cannot reach and this is due to the hard work and skills of our scientists,” he said.
Meanwhile, Marcus Marten said that the HNYF first of all congratulated the EM of KHADC, Bah Hedrian Lyngdoh and his staff, who listened to the complaints of the HNYF and took the initiative to come. They visited the Killing area, which has been severely affected by the overcrowding.
The ST status of any ethnic group is not based on race, but if the father is ST Khasi, the mother is ST Khasi, through Common Sense the children are ST. Khasi, not like others, even a small child understands that, but when the bishni is too much, the smile along with the rhah kurs, the mind doesn't work properly anymore.
The meeting will be held at 7 pm at the residence of Bah Krat Suting, a member of the farmers' union.
When they were ready and there were only two people, the end of their beard, which they covered, also reached their necks and reached their necks.
The HNLC also sent its condolences on the passing away of SS Khaplang, who died in Myanmar and was one of those who fought hard for the independence of the Nagas.
Established on 2/2/2014, this Parish is working hard to spread the Gospel of Jesus Christ in these different villages.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, NPP State President Dr.W Kharlukhi said that the Election Commission has already warned any party that alleges that the EVM may have been rigged. facts.
“We suggest that the police department should take strong measures to curb the entry of drugs into the State.
On 14th March, the Chief Minister informed that the repeal of the Act can only be done through an ordinance, which has not yet been passed by the Legislative Assembly.
Regarding the recruitment, the union said that there have been youths who have passed the interview since 2012 but the government has not yet appointed them. Bankhrawbor Wankhar, Employment Secretary of the party, is one of those who announced in 2012 that he has passed the interview but has not yet received the job.
“We are very concerned when we talk about the reservation policy and the roster system.
Continuation: Lanosha was ill and was very sad about the incident.
Therefore, the union reminds and requests the government through the education department, to take action on this issue, so that it will be a blessing to the youth of the area.
Assam Police have denied the allegation by Meghalaya that one of the arrested persons is a robber, as alleged by Rambrai MLA Kimfa S Marbaniang.
Speaking on the PHE office, he said that the office is located at Khliehriat, which belongs to the Electrical and Distribution Departments, but it is necessary to have an office of the Executive Engineer ( PHE) to be fully operational, as the SDOs are not yet fully operational.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the RBPC, Samla Jayson Lennox Nongrum, said that the RBPC together with these women's organizations have taken this opportunity to meet with the DC of Ri Bhoi District. Many youths have expressed their concern over the delay in announcing the results of various examinations conducted by the DSC Ri Bhoi.
Midtjylland said the 28-year-old former Arsenal player had suffered a brain injury.
Shillong: The Congress party in the state will tomorrow protest against the action of the Governor of Karnataka, for blocking the Congress to form a government in the state.
Earlier, Congress President Mallikarjun Kharge said the next meeting would be held in Shimla but it was decided to hold it in Bengaluru.
The Federation has also found that the company has been involved in corruption.
He said that as a young man he has already read and understood the rules of the reservation policy in just 10 days and he said that if he as a villager has been able to understand by reading in just 10 days. It is difficult for the leaders to understand why they have to ask for time to send and tolerate the people who can no longer wait and tolerate.
It is here that those who misuse public funds escape punishment.
Many times when he composed his songs, they also expressed his desire to go to that land of peace which the Lord has prepared for those who love and trust in Him. He said that he doesn't want to see or be in this world through 2020 & 2021 because he said that these years will be wonderful years and all kinds of triumphant and wonderful things will happen in world in these years and years to come.
In the second match of Group D, Umpling SC beat United Together 3-0 with Mathew Raj scoring the lone goal and Mark H.Blah scoring the lone goal. Friends Utd will face Mawshabuit Veteran Club in Group E at 2:30 pm and Mawshabuit Veteran Club will face Mawshabuit Veteran Club at 2:30 pm. Khliehriat Veterans Service at 4 pm Friday.
He said that this government does not want to celebrate the 10th anniversary, but the 10th anniversary is to look back on the work done and how to move forward.
“However, even after I deleted the post, some people have spread my post and it has spread around, which has affected the girl and her family members,” he said. don't say.
In Ribhoi, 3 soldiers and 7 civilians were killed.
New Delhi, July 22: Without naming Arvind Kejriwal, Union Defense Minister Sushilkumar Shinde today slammed the Delhi Chief Minister for being a fool.
Shillong, July 29: The Congress candidate Bah Teibor Pathaw, who will contest from Mawlai this time in the MDC elections, has raised the question whether he can be the strongest horse to defeat former MLA Bah Process T. Sawkmie and other candidates.
Candidates who intend to sit for the examination said they have not received any information that the MPSC has canceled the examination.
A group of political parties including FKJGP, KSU, HNYF, JSU and others staged a protest demanding the implementation of the ILP in Khliehriat on Tuesday.
Through this, once again the students will face problems due to the conflict between the Teachers College and NEHU. between NEHU and MCTA, while the students have become increasingly confused.
She also shared her experiences, that she has met many people who are suffering and mentally affected and who have been insulted, slandered and rejected but as a teacher she has helped as much as she can. to communicate through the knowledge you have.
Alok Yadav, Technical Director, Umiam Sailing Club.
According to information received, Bah DD Lapang left Shillong this morning to meet Sonia Gandhi in Delhi to discuss the work of the party in the state. Vincent Pala said that he had arrived in Delhi.
Speaking on the occasion, FKJGP President Dundee C Khongsit said that the political parties in the state will not allow the Government to implement the Citizenship Amendment Act in Meghalaya.
“I have filed a PIL and the Court has responded to the PIL. I would like to clarify here the fact whether these announcements by various departments of the State Government are according to those issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The Government of India is right," he added.
What the law enforcement agencies do is legal even if it is illegal before the law.
“We got notified at 2:35 in the morning.
He also urged the Aapda Mitra Volunteers to share the knowledge they have gained through the training with their loved ones and among the community in which they live.
Furthermore, Bah Ïaraplang Rymbai and Kong Rashiba Siangshai, sent a message of gratitude to the Sengbhalang groups who came to visit them during their stay. at NEIGRIMS Hospital in Shillong.
The Pastor said that his goal when he wants to contest the MP election is because he wants to witness as a Christian in the Legislative Assembly of the country. in the trials, let us stand firm on the foundations.
Shillong, July 13: NPP MLA James K Sangma has questioned the government's decision to award the construction of the Medical College in Shillong to a dubious company.
A picture of the Cathedral, which is still on fire, was displayed with the words “Have a good day” written by a group of The ISIS militant, known as Al-Muntasir, was arrested by the Terrorism Research and Analysis Consortium.
Because you don't honor God but you honor riches.
Many of those who were in the BJP have left including MDC Dhormonath Sangma to join the NPP. it is time to choose other political parties.
With this courage, Wanlambok Rani was able to rescue these four people aged between 30 years old, 17 years old, 12 years old and 10 years old.
These foreigners, who were expelled by the HANM members, came to work as mysteries in the villages of the area.
The closure of the Vmart has also affected the employment of 23 youths working inside the market.
“I am confident that the Chief Secretary will show his power and I urge him not to ignore the five years as the Model Code of Conduct has arrived soon.
I don't know why, but I guess the case is null and void.
He said the government has a plan to make the cities and villages in the state clean and urged the people to work together to implement this plan.
“I don't believe in the government's efforts for the welfare of the youth in employment,” said Dr Lamare.
A case has been registered at Khliehriat Police Station under Case No.22(3)2023 U/s 21(b)/29 NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
The meeting was conducted by Bah DL Siangshai, Editor Mawphor and speeches were delivered by Bah RM Shabong, President of MEPA, Bah P. Sohkhlet, Joint Editor Mawphor. to the public through the media as well as the service through other activities.
The advertisement has been called for three days from 25th to 28th August 2023 and on the 29th it has been extended until 31.8.2023 which means a total of 6 days.
Nongstoin, March 14: The residents of four villages including Maroid, Mawpen, Nongthymmai and Nongrmai villages in Mairang Constituency today joined the BJP Maroid Area. Unit where the members and office bearers of the party were also elected from the area.
Musniang SC and Rangad SC won the First Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) on Monday.
The story of that servant made Hiram's mother very sad.
He also accused the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP of being corrupt, committing many illegal acts and attacking the people.
On the other hand, the Head Teacher of the school said that the school is very old and has reached more than 102 years old, but the lack of attention of the Government to improve the school has caused problems. students and teachers to hold school during the rainy season.
Others are Latiplang Kharkongngor, Gigur Myrthong and Lambor Malngiang.
Hek's remarks came a day after the KHNAM urged the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to seek clarification from two BJP MLAs. Sanbor Shullai (who was EM in-charge Trade in 2007) and Bah AL Hek, on the authority to appoint a non-Khasi Rangbah Shnong and authorize the inhabitants of RR Colony to run the you are the ruler of the land.
“The KSU has also received information that last night the riots in Laitumkhrah were caused by the unjustified attack by foreigners on Khasi children.
He said that Charles Pyngrope has contributed Rs 4.90 lakh for 2018-19, Rs 5.40 lakh for 2019-20 and Rs 21.77 lakh as his advance. year 2020-21.
RM Khlem, Village Headman.
The Seng hopes that the two governments from the Meghalaya and Assam governments will resolve the border issue by relocating the residents in the border areas.
Trisdolin Shangpliang (35) and six others died in a MeECL fire at her house this month.
Shillong, June 5: The Smart Charitable Trust (SMT) has recognized the hard work of the traffic police in Shillong and has awarded two policemen as a sign of recognition for their work.
For the benefit of the Garo people, all the 24 or 25 – 26 leaders of the Garo people should stand together regardless of whether they belong to any party or whether they belong to the ruling or opposition party. for the benefit of their own nation.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Riwar Mihngi Circle on Thursday visited the Community Health Center (CHC) at Pynursla after many patients went to get medicine. They have lodged a complaint with the union due to the lack of access to doctors and the lack of services provided by the staff of this hospital.
:Four persons were injured in an e-autorickshaw when a speeding Maruti collided with another vehicle to avoid an e-autorickshaw. A wild elephant appeared suddenly on a road in Boko, Assam on Friday morning.
During the public hearing, 10 land owners and residents accepted without any complaint the construction of the IB cum-residential complex. don't have any objection.
When the words of the covenant were completed, all the seeds of the rynai were thrown together on the lamet and also to cleanse the water from the tyndong siej and after this, the sordar covered them. all to tyrsat on top of a stone in the Niangpyrhai square which is a place of worship.
The BSF said that the law and order situation has been severely shaken after the vehicle of the ASP of East Jaintia Hills was burnt down and the vehicle of the Addl.Dist. Magistrate Khliehriat and the stone throwing of vehicles on NH 44, in the past few days.
If the police do not arrive immediately, it could lead to a serious incident.
However, the department has allowed its contractors to do whatever they want during the improvement or maintenance of the roads without the proper supervision of the engineers of the department.
Let us do it now to bring about a real change in the rule of law in our state.
The Chief Minister said that the person who has just tested positive for Covid-19 is currently in a quarantine center in East Khasi Hills.
This behavior of the two wheelers has endangered the pedestrians and those who walk from one side of the road to the other.
On Tuesday, 79 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed and no deaths were reported.
He said he has not received the letter from the Shillong Municipal Board to appeal to the National Green Tribunal (NGT) regarding the pollution of Motphran.
When you go to buy vehicle documents that you don't know well, the brokers fly like birds of prey and explain that you need that document.
This is according to a statement from the Secretary of the Society.
“Therefore, those who contribute, help and if we get information and find evidence that they contribute, we will punish them according to the law.
However, a source confirmed that although Bah Process is still with the Congress, it is just a name while the work is going on because in 2023 he will leave the party. The UDP has won the election.
The training has started for two months at five centers including Sohmynting, Chutwakhu, Ladthadlaboh, Mihmyntdu and Mukhla.
She said that the appointment of 10 CISF companies will be arranged in consultation with Justice Katakey.
She said that in this age of technology, they can watch sports through television and mobile phones.
“Although there is no law to hold elections at any time like for MLAs, if they are held delayed, it will be a problem for the people who do not have MDCs and will affect the working of the Council. "It's good," said Bah Nongrem.
Besides these articles, there are others that are necessary for man.
This is where the challenges come and hold backlog in all areas.
This Bill will bring harm to the minorities,” said Kong Rini.
The Nongsning Dorbar Shnong has lodged many complaints since 2022 with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills and other departments in charge of this work and urged that no license should be issued to the coke plants because they pollute the air and now they are destroying the nearby water wells.
He said that the incident was not considered a high-risk pregnancy or a high-risk pregnancy after receiving information from the ANML. three days before the birth of the baby and sent an ASHA to meet her.
Shillong, Naiwieng 9: Ka KHNAM today announced that it will give its full support to the independent candidate for the mid-term elections in Nongstoin constituency, Fenella L Nonglait.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, C.Kharkongngor, today said that on reports of an explosion at a uranium mine, it has sent an investigation into the incident. the government and the police to the scene.
“Bah Hek has won MLA 4 times and he has been the winner in this field and I have won 8 times if I compare with MDC I don't win,” said Bah Hek. “When he was a minister, the people understood that he had never made such statements, but now that he has been removed, he has made such statements,” he said.
Try to focus on good activities that benefit you by exercising, playing with friends, doing anything that relieves you of mental stress.
“I don't want to brag about fighting politics on the CAB, but it is the cooperation, the hard work of all political parties, groups, civil society and religious groups to make the protest a success,” he said. said Conrad.
There is nothing left.
From now on, the Garo should no longer be allowed to buy land inside the Khasi land because the Khasi do not go to Garo to buy land.
Danggo left the NPP on 5th June 2020, after joining the NPP in 2018, who resigned from the Congress MLA post to join the NPP but in the mid-term elections. In the same year, he was defeated by the UDP candidate Pius Marwein.
Prestone said the decision to close all parties in these two districts was taken after the rapid increase in the number of Covid-19 cases, especially in East Khasi Hills District and Ribhoi. District.
During the strike by the Adhoc teachers under the umbrella of FASToM, for many days, the teachers sat on the streets, Bah Rymbui, did not call them at all, even though these teachers sit in front of the Secretariat and then after the Secretariat.
The question is whether the OM dated 10th May 2022 can be higher than the basic principles of the SRP-mentioned in Clause 2? Nothing can be done.
There was no evidence to prove Alam's involvement in this crime.
Speaking to media on Tuesday after receiving the RTI reply, Bah Disparsing said that according to the reply he received from MeECL, it is very surprising to see that the electricity bill has increased. MeECL's electricity bill from 5 districts in Garo Hills is only T.10 crore per month, while the collection of electricity bill from 7 districts in Khasi and Jaintia Hills is only T.10 crore per month. long up to T.81 crore.
After the shooting stopped, police conducted a search operation and found two unidentified bodies from the scene. They also rescued two persons who were abducted by these robbers.
There are also some states which have decided to distribute dai along with the distribution of rice in the first month of January to maintain social distancing and peace of mind.
The MLAs who win will be re-elected because the government has not given the new MLAs.
Shillong: On the morning of Tuesday, 2nd July 2021, unidentified persons attacked the Hindu temple at Mawbah. The Bhootnath Kali Mandir has been destroyed by the destruction of the idols.
Trying to choose the right protein is what they may face.
Therefore, Bah Paul said that the next step is to take steps to talk and cooperate with the States which have already been recognized as States at risk of drugs especially when surrounded by drugs. border with other countries like Bangladesh, Myanmar and others.
Jaskirat finished with 86 runs and kept his wicket until the end with five fours and two sixes.
The construction of the bridge was started in 2002 under Bharat Ratna Atalji but was stopped when the UPA came to power in
Shngimawleiñ Sports Club played against Pharmahiong Sports Club and Domdipei Sports Club played against Umsaw-Domrisai Sports Club.
The EM has promised to take action on these demands of the party and added that he will send a notice to all the Rangbah Shnongs that they should no longer give The EM also promised to take action against the Rangbah Shnongs if they issue NOCs to foreigners without proper documents.
Recognized/affiliated schools from the MBOSE no longer need to take the Pvt Selection Test in the Selection Test of the DSEO office. still in darkness and wondering.
The CEO said that he will soon convene a meeting with the operators of maxi cabs to discuss the proposal to operate a new business model for maxi cabs.
These nine players are the key players in the state team and have helped the team to win in various tournaments.
The Legend of Harib and Sæk is a book written by S Quotient Sumer for drama and has been published in Pnar. S Quotient Sumer also approved the translation into English.
Sosthenes Sohtun received 12690 votes and the Congress candidate received 11067 votes. Sohtun won by a margin. 1623 votes against the Congress candidate which shows that the development projects he has brought are not working for the people of Western Ri Bhoi who have received many development projects and benefits brought by him. Bah Sosthenes Sohtun as MLA within five years from 2028 to 2023 has led to the renewal of those leaders.
Bosco Pnar said she had received a network of thieves but did not arrest them.
Lanosha, as soon as she saw that her mother had come, she got ready and covered herself.
“From October 16, 2022 to October 15, 2022, Punjab Police have dismantled about 26 terrorist groups by arresting 168 terrorists and rifles, 201 pistols, 9 improvised explosive devices (IEDs) used in tiffins, 8.72 kilograms of RDX bombs and other explosives were seized. , 11 hand grenades, two mortars, 30 drones and one rocket propelled grenade (RPG), Punjab Director General of Police Gaurav Yadav said at the arrival of the The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) government has been informed of the operations of the state police after the formation of the AAP government in Punjab.
The incident occurred when Assam Police and Forest Police raided a timber truck from Mukroh.
Reports from the relatives and siblings of the woman, said that on Friday night, while the woman was watching TV at the house of Tngen Phawa – who is her neighbour, the deceased. my robber came to rob me.
What is more frightening is that these fish were taken from all over the state and not only from Ïewduh or Ïew Shyllong.
At the meeting, which was held yesterday, it was understood that the dewbilat companies agreed to pay for the cleaning of the polluted rivers from the discharge of waste from these dewbilat factories. The committee also wanted to know the names of the people affected by the coal blockade. It is understood that the state government has not yet given these names, but has only given the names of the shopkeepers and others. They are not those who earn a living from the coal trade and are not those who live by working as contractors, mine workers or coal mine owners either.
Shillong: The JSU War Jaintia Circle (JSU) has written to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India to start the construction of the Integrated Check Post (ICP) Dawki as soon as possible.
Then they picked up the mobile and said to talk,” he said.
“I have applied for the Congress ticket,” said Blanding.
The money and other items, including kyiad, drugs and other items, worth T.110 crore, said the Chief Electoral Officer of Assam, Nitin Khade.
Shillong, March 27: According to police investigation, four persons who were arrested from Lumjingtep Lawmali on the night of 18th March at 10:30 pm were not cemetery robbers but drunkards.
The prayer leaders on this occasion included Rev. Dr. V Lyngdoh, Archbishop of Shillong, Rev. H. Christian, Presbyter, President, Assembly Church, Shillong. of Jesus Christ, India, Rev.K.Nongpluh, President, Church of God (Meghalaya and Assam), Rev.Ellizer N.Sangma, Pastor in-charge, Garo Baptist Church, Shillong and Rev.Dr.K.Lalrinkima, Senior Administrative Secretary, Presbyterian Church of India.
Jesus said, “But he that is greatest among you shall be your servant, not your father, neither your lord.
Saleng strongly condemned the government's arrest of Garo protesters who have been imprisoned in Jowai, but those who tried to shoot him dead have been arrested with AK-4 he was released on bail.
Social media should ask Amit Shah how the Bodos who have less literacy than the Khasi got 7 or 8 years ago.
Shillong: The State Government will convene the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) next month regarding the proposal prepared by the State Government to relocate 342 households. in Them and Mawlong.
The best discipline was awarded to Kamsing LP School.
However, if the matter requires and it is necessary to include the CEM of KHADC, he can be coopted or included later.
In fact, this came after the talks between the 13 parties on ILP in 2013-2014-2015 with the MUA-II Government. Entry and Exit Point requirements.
Therefore, they said that they have immediately demanded from the government not to relocate the office and to improve the existing land which has an area of ​​10 acres and At the same time, they demanded that the incumbent BDO should be dismissed, as these actions to relocate the office have been allegedly merely a slap in the face, said the JAC leaders. and the Society.
On this occasion, the union found that the pollution of this river may be due to the uranium drilling and coal mining in the past which has caused problems to the people of the area and also brought about the This is the Kynshi River.
Shillong: The East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) on Tuesday announced that the Super League 2019 will be funded by Minister Kyrmen Shylla from his salary. he.
The CEM said that the three-month budget will include the expenditure for development works for which the District Council has received funds from the 15th Finance Commission.
In the past, once you went to school, you knew that you had a job.
The HYC condemns the illegal construction of the road and at the same time urges the contractors and the office to build the road properly for the benefit of the people.
Passah demanded that Assam should return the Nongphyllut Dolloiship and another Sirdarship, as these people want to stay in Jaintia Hills. They are recognized by the British Government as the land of the Jaintia Hills and not only that, but the Constitution of the country has already recognized them and therefore, they should return this, because it is unconstitutional or the long against the Constitution, which was promulgated on 26th July 1950, but within 15 months, in June 1951, it acted against the Constitution, because the Constitution, according to part 10, that the settlements of the tribals should not be shaken, but should be protected, he said.
Explaining the delay in payment of the money to the students, Gotmare said the reason is due to the change in the management from one year to another.
The curfew will start from 9 pm to 5 pm.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Banteidor said that this is a long standing dream of the farmers to benefit and assist in this field of soh cultivation and now with the cooperation it has been achieved.
The Army has welcomed the influx of youth from the state to fight for the army recruitment organized by the Headquarters Recruiting Zone (NE States) and the State Civil Administration.
They said that regarding the President's decision to leave the MDA, if there is any corruption, it is a decision taken by all wings of the party.
PN Syiem said that the PWD (Building) Department has failed not only in the construction of the dome of the Legislative Assembly but also in the construction of the Inter State Bus Terminal (ISBT) at Mawlai Mawiong.
Shillong, June 3: The Sengbah of Nongshat Nongkhan has held a shat ka kheiñ at Bañiun, Upper Shillong every year to pray to God to take care of the people of Khasi Jaintia Hills. throughout the year.
Speaking on the implementation of the MLA scheme, Mawkyrwat MLA Bah Rowel Lyngdoh said that most of the private schemes have been handed over to the party leaders in the units to select the people to participate. .
Shillong, November 18: “There is no truck.
Yesterday, the General Secretary of the UDP issued a statement to remove the Minister of Electricity for his inability to manage the electricity sector.
Thus we see that although many of the villagers have become Christians but as a nation they are fighting for the rights and protection of this small ethnic group of the Bri u Hynniewtrep and also the state of Meghalaya itself. all of which include the Khasi-Jaintia-Garo.
“The Union hopes and believes that the Government will listen to the demands of the MeECL employees and hopes that it will not reach the point of creating any misunderstandings,” said the Union in the petition.
However, on the other hand, according to information, the state government has decided to hold elections on November 13 for the constituencies where there are no MDCs in KHADC and JHADC. The reason for the delay in holding the mid-term MDC elections is because the KHADC had earlier opposed the government's plan to count from its share of the government's expenditure for the elections but now it has not. protested further.
At the Ballot Unit, at the bottom of the last name of the candidates, there will be a button for pressing NOTA so that voters who do not wish to vote for any candidate can vote by Click on the NOTA button Furthermore, the Postal Ballot Papers will also have a NOTA Panel after the names of the candidates who have registered.
He said that the RAM does not have an office at present.
However, if you don't have it, please look it up in books or on the internet.
In the second match of the second leg, Promising FC Malki beat Hima Khatsawphra 2-1
Shillong: There has been an attempt to invite the HSPDP MLAs to the United Progressive Front (UPF) but it has not yet reached its goal, as the HSPDP has not yet decided to join the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA). Admitting that there has been an invitation from the UPF, Samlin Malngiang, MLA of the HSPDP and Minister of State, said that he has been invited once to the meeting. He said that he did not want to join the new party, because he was happy to join the RDA and the UDP. of me, I said it was too early.
The KHADC has spent T.9,40,000 each for the construction of drains, waste traps and retaining walls in 32 villages. Of all the constituencies, Jaiaw has been excluded from the scheme because it has not sent the name of the site for the construction of the road.
The Last Week is the last time, according to Daniel's prophecy at Daniel 9:2
Regarding the payment of electricity bill, Bah Nongsiang said that although there are shortcomings here and there in terms of payment, most of the residents have already paid their electricity bill every month.
This animal is one of the most endangered animals in our country because many people kill it to use their meat or blood in the false belief that it is a medicine.
After this article spread on social media (Facebook, Whatsapp and Twitter), many comments came out to oppose and support this speech of this Kong from the residents of the state until they There are many who have been encouraged to speak without the truth and slander the Khasi and the ethnic groups.
The KADO and FKJGP Kyrshai Area Unit demanded that the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma should talk to the Assam government to ensure that it does not stop. syndon to implement this project.
What is very important for tourists is that they also need tourist guides or village leaders to accompany and help explain to them about the tourist attractions and other aspects related to the culture of the people of places.
Does Zero or Nod (0) have no value? When I was in step school in Nongkrong, my father taught me to count 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9
Shillong: Many members of the Presbyterian Church will be able to get their own church in Delhi.
Meanwhile, at the Khliehiew parking lot, fish and meat are allowed to be sold together.
Before the funeral service for Sister Philisita Toppo by the students of the Convent and the students of Tome Memorial Secondary School Mooralong, the school run by the Missionary Sisters Mary Help of Christians, will be celebrated at 10 am. Father Hilarius Lamare, Vicar General of the Diocese of Jowai.
She said that the Minister has informed the Union that till now there are no states in the country which have run the EMRI and therefore the state government has no intention of taking over the EMRI. to you.
“I assured Fabiana that we would have half a child,” said Bernie.
Former KSU President Paul will contest against former KSU General Secretary Auguster Jyrwa from the Congress and Thomas Passah from the National Awakening Movement. (ARROW).
Unemployment, decline in income and forty kinds of disasters will increase in the future if we make mistakes and don't think differently.
Even in Parliament, when the Women Reservation Bill was introduced, they passed it in the same step, so we went a little bit without any problem,” he said.
After completing his degree, he stayed at home for two years before continuing his post-graduate studies. , as the village children do.
The public hearing was conducted by MPSCB Environmental Engineer F. Laloo in the presence of ADC G. Warjri, MCS and MPSCB Environmental Engineer James Lamurong.
Therefore, whether we have a share or not, without hard work, we will continue to suffer in income.
The men also agreed and gave the women to take care of all the property and the tribe would go to the women.
The parking of vehicles in Daiñthlen will also be suspended until further notice.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Jasoh Mawlong expressed his gratitude for the opening of the footpath of Sohkyndur village which is the need of the village to provide convenience to the people in coming and going.
KB Memorial Secondary School reached the final after beating Mari Apal, UPS, Mangsang (East Garo Hills) by two goals. Ebiangmi Siangshai scored the first goal in the 17th minute while Griksrang Marak scored the second goal.
In total, there are about 9 villages under the jurisdiction of this raid and the thanksgiving is to pray to the Lord to protect and protect all the villages under the jurisdiction of this raid.
The Seng expresses its gratitude to Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Chairman of KHADC who on that day received the Sanction Order of 5 lakh tyngka from the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund for the construction of the office. work of the organization.
Explaining about the sports industry in the state, Bah Samborlang Diengdoh said that the sports industry in the state has increased steadily with the passing of the days and compared to previous years, the youth now they are spending their time in various sports activities.
After the opening ceremony, the dorbar kur held a ceremony to honor these nine Rangbah Kur who have suffered in jail for the struggle for the independence of the state.
History testifies that she was a woman who fought against adversity.
“In fact, I would like to advise him to hand over to the ED and CBI first and not to hand over if you are clean.
If anyone has taken money or has not received these goods, they can complain to the office of the SDO (Supply) by writing their name and village so that they will be notified. they can be punished.
Hoping said the party will soon convene a meeting to discuss the issue and later the meeting will be held on the 19th of this month.
According to the Minister in charge of Finance, the total expenditure is estimated at T.21,034 crore excluding the repayment of T.988 crore.
Therefore, the RBYF leaders urged the government and the leaders not to turn a blind eye or help the village, which is still in the midst of many shortcomings and especially in terms of roads. that road.
These are the names of Sengsrang N Marak, Thosengcheba A Sangma and Chijang A Sangma.
Through this, BBS College won by 23 runs and became the champions of the tournament.
“If a person cannot read English, we cannot force him.
The arrested LAEF members were identified as Liphan G Momin, 20, and Polding G Momin, 20, of Damit A. Police are conducting investigation. detailed.
This village is also one of the villages with the least number of wells and the permanent wells are far away.
“When the ASHAs have completed their own survey, other departments ask the ASHAs. In fact, other departments when they go to survey they receive payments but when the ASHAs do not provide they complain. but to the Rangbah Shnong.
They said that although there are many criticisms against the NPP party in Nongpoh Constituency, as leaders they will not listen to that and will continue to strengthen the party where the party's intention is to continue. for the welfare and development of the people of Nongpoh Constituency, they added.
“We are more than these brothers.
Meanwhile, the union today submitted a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhyay to request him to appeal to the state government and if this request is not successful, the union will The union and the villages will not refuse to take back the land for reuse according to the needs of the village, added the union leaders.
The man of the match was awarded to Saunihi Patwet of Mupliang Cricket Club.
Of course, it is up to us to find ways to protect ourselves because doctors are also sent by God.
The FKJGP delegation was led by DK Lyngdoh Nonglait, President and Balse Kharbani, Secretary of FKJGP South West Khasi Hills District while the KSU delegation was led by Pauldeep Tongwah, President of KSU Mawkyrwat. Circle with the participation of members of the organization.
The residents now get drinking water only from shyngiar, wells and umpohliew or from wells from gardens, valleys and foothills.
The judge said that the police should never seek permission from the Rangbah Shnong on their activities, where the district authorities, the state government and the police should carry out their duties without any permission. approval of the Shnong authorities.
Our children do not need to stay in hospital.
In another report, an ambulance of FKJGP Demseiniong was seized last night and when searched, it was found that there were no patients at all, but a man married to his brother was found. men and three women, who were going to buy kyiad.
Meldonium is a drug used to treat diabetes and magnesium deficiency, which has been found in many athletes in recent years.
When the British ruled these hills, the first law they passed for these hills was the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act
On this occasion, Bah PB War Nongbri was the chief guest, who gave his best wishes, blessings and encouragement to the children to play well and to fight hard to bring fame and glory to the state. .
This explanation may contain many mistakes and I should apologize to you and especially to God if there are any parts that you know and I will accept to correct in part
Ma Lasky, MDC of Tuber constituency, distributed these tins on the 14th of this month.
So far, 11,319 people have recovered from COVID-19 in the state and 118 people have died.
Too many mobile phones on the table......I don't know if they will appoint a chief secretary or a cheap secretary. These are the governments of our country.
The match between Kdohkule and Kdiap from the first half to the second half was 0-0 without a goal. In the tie breaker, Kdohkule beat Kdiap 4-2
“There were people from Mizoram when they met me in 2005, they praised the good roads in the state,” said Dr Sangma. Jaintia Hills District is still under PWD.
“It also shows the secrets of the Bharatiya Janata Party and Biswa's lack of understanding of the religion and culture of the indigenous people in the North East,” said former Nongkrem MLA Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit. you're a news announcer.
Sandor S.Majaw (Besides these, there are many other writers who have been written by our nation).
Shylla also admitted that Ardent left the HSPDP because he wanted the MLAs to support the Congress during the formation of the government after the last elections but because the MLAs did not. treh, you're not alone.
In Tripura, the announcement and filing of nomination papers will be on 21st July and the closing date for filing nominations will be on 30th July.
In the second innings, Hurdles CC beat Thynroit CC by 9 wickets.
As the rainy season approaches, many of us stop going to the rivers to protect ourselves from getting sick or headaches because most of us have a false belief that we will get cold or sick even if we get cold. It is time to swim in the waters of the rivers that flow during the rainy season.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that the government has not forgotten any of the problems of school teachers in the state but has you can’t do it all at once.
Mawpud Village Minister MacDonald Thongni said that the heavy rainfall on the 16th of this month has caused a landslide in parts of the PMGSY road at Lad Dom Mawleiï which is about 5-6 km away. It connects Mawpud village but until now the residents of this village have not been able to use the road because the authorities in charge of this road have not been able to remove the stones and soil that block this road.
Argentina's demand is estimated at $4-5 million (32-40 billion).
Wanniang said that in fact this road is very important, because from Rambrai to Mawrok there is a PMGSY road and if there is another road from Nonglang to Mawrok, it will be of great benefit. which is great for the multitude in the coming and going of the ship.
He said that as of now, the implementation of Para 12 (A) in the state has prompted the central government authorities to implement illegal laws such as the closure of the National Green Tribunal to mine and coal smuggling, ban on quarrying and others which have severely affected the livelihood and income of the state.
In a letter signed by its Chairman, Bah Batista Khongphai, the Sohra Challenge demanded that the government should improve the operation of its offices in Sohra.
The prices that will increase include cigarettes, pan masala, jarda, imported electronic devices, mawlynnai and others.
On this occasion, the police have urged the relatives of the deceased to come forward to clean up the body before the court.
Shillong: The District Administration of East Khasi Hills District today held a public hearing at Lynshing village in Mawkynrew district after some households refused to take government schemes due to the lack of funds. religions that preach to them that the world will end and it is no longer useful to take government schemes.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) has sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, expressing its congratulations to the Government for raising the age limit for employment. from 27 years to 32 years and from 32 years to 37 years for Schedule Tribes, for the appointment of applicants for various positions in various government departments.
Heibormi also told about the battle which took place on 20th July 1862 which was known as the “Jaintia War”.
Argentina beat Croatia 3-0 in the World Cup in Qatar.
At the same time, the Prime Minister said that this is also the result of the hard work of all those involved in fighting the case in the Supreme Court. It is not the responsibility of one person or one group but the fact is that all those involved have come together to speak and act with one voice.
It is also time for not only the government to address the problems of the people in the border areas, but also the leaders of the civil society, the prominent elders of the state to contribute by working together. and the government as part of the development of the backward villages in the border areas.
The Medical Superintendent of Dr. Norman Tunnel Hospital, Dr. Norman Tunnel Hospital, said that during the outbreak of COVID-19 in February 2020, she received a phone call from a close friend of the hospital. The late Rev. D. Leslie Jones, who passed away in 2018, has donated all his money to Dr. Norman Tunnel Hospital, Jowai.
“Ka Seng Khasi stands to preserve the religion, customs and traditions of the jaitbynriew on the basis of 'Tip kur tip kha – tip briew tip Blei' and to 'love oneself and respect others' ' and such irresponsible actions, however, have evil intentions behind them and lead to the misguidance of the entire nation with the intention of dividing it,” said the statement.
This has shown that the MDA is a hotbed of political hypocrisy.
Jowai, Naitung 30: The HITO under the leadership of Firstborn Sumer Secretary today submitted a petition to the Sub Divisional Officer of MEPDCL regarding the failure of many electrical wires. They passed through the houses of the residents of Thadlaskeiñ area and these signs have caused problems to many residents.
He said that he would write to the Rangbah Shnongs not to allow MUDA officials to come to their villages and if they do, they should be arrested immediately.
Manas Joshi has been arrested by the police on charges of signing the petition of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills.
These are the issues that we are trying to resolve now to enable us to move forward with the important and special discussions".
Nongpoh: U Jitendra Chauhan, Dean of the Central Agricultural University, Imphal, ICAR Umiam, Ri Bhoi District, has been arrested for allegedly stealing his office. , it was discovered that the Dean was not in the office, but had fled to another location.
Meanwhile, the MBCC has suggested to the government not to find a place to dump the garbage elsewhere.
During the meeting, the party said that the inclusion of foreigners in the Electoral Roll is a serious threat to the War Jaintia area especially those villages bordering Bangladesh. The Epics are believed to be Bangladeshi.
“The funds will be allocated in the coming days and other departments will implement the project.
At that time, there was a shout from the crowd who had gathered in the hall and the discussion on this part ended, as the moderator of the discussion, Kong Rikynti Marweiñ, arrived. to another topic.
Badaphun Rapsang, who tested positive for Covid-19 and was admitted to Dr H Gordon Robert Hospital Shillong, died on Wednesday morning. on January 22, 2021 at 10:00 AM.
Shillong: The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya, Dr WR Kharlukhi, on Tuesday said that the allegation by Dr Mukul Sangma that the NPP-led MDA government has no responsibility for the state and especially the border is meaningless. and he reigned five years.
On March 10, 2008, the Government of India signed a Social Nuclear Deal with the Government of the United States.
Philip MarweinThere have been two major issues that have shaken the country since July this year.
However, this isn’t always easy either.
Because Bah Eugene has never said that he will not contest the election for me and will be the candidate of the UDP from Mawphlang in 2023 because as the people have trusted him after the death of his father. S.K Sun said that he will continue to serve the people by winning the mid-term elections and the people still want him to continue to do this work to fulfill the duties that his father has given him. “It's a long way,” said Bah Metbah.
It is worth mentioning that almost every day, many households from different villages, have been placed in the Micro Containment Zone and today there are households in Pynthor village, including The houses of Melina Rynghang, Merinda Rynghang and Herisda Rympei, while from Umeit village, they include the houses of Mackorean M. Khonglah, Christabell Wanniang, Draikut Marbaniang, Bailes Dhar, Risonroy Mawrie, Suting. bad Starbuck Lightning.
These tickets will be drawn on 9th April 2022 and the first prize is T.1 lakh, the second prize is T.50,000, the third prize is T.30,000 and 10 consolation prizes are T.1,000 each.
Such games will also be held in the districts of Garo Hills.
Also present on the occasion were the President of the Shillong Sports Association (SSA), Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh, MLA, office bearers and members of the SSA, the tournament organizers and other dignitaries.
“We will hold a meeting of all including women's organisations, youth organisations, Rangbah Shnongs to urge the law enforcement agencies to arrest those involved in this terrible crime immediately,” said Bah RV Lyngdoh.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Government today empowered the offices of the Deputy Commissioners (DCs) of each district of Meghalaya. The State shall issue Identity Cards to all Rangbah Shnongs in the State.
“We strongly oppose the government's plan to hold another examination, but the result should be released,” said MGNSA General Secretary B Thabah.
The question also arises who is responsible for the destruction of education and discouragement of the students, should we blame the parents? The village officials? Teachers? Those sitting at the Secretariat asked questions of Bah Lambok in front of the students and parents.
According to the advice of the doctors, the Congress President is currently in quarantine.
On the other hand, Prestone said that according to his understanding, “A team of BSF personnel arrested two vehicles carrying jaiñ sari and seized these two vehicles. take these vehicles to the place where the soldiers, the drivers and followers have escaped".
The members of the Presbyterian Church on Sunday attended the XXI Youth Assembly of the KJP Eastern Synod which was held at the Presbyterian Church in Moodymmai Neiñ, Moodymmai District, Wahïajer Moodyphang Presbytery on Sunday. “Stand Firm and Courageous”.
At 8 pm, there was a stone blockade on the road at 3 Mer and the police came to remove these stones from the middle of the road. The stones were also removed by the police.
There are 73 new cases of COVID-19 in Assam.
As part of the celebration of the Silver Jubilee, the Lympung Lumkur Dhar/Nongdhar has also conducted a survey on the relationship between the Kur and other Kurs who according to tradition belong to the same Kur Dhar.
Therefore, if the government is concerned about the slow crossing of the border by the people of Assam, it should direct the Chairman of the Regional Committees on Border Dispute to start the second phase of inspection of Langpih. sector, because if it is delayed, the rainy season has arrived and it will cause problems when they go to inspect because many of the villages do not have roads.
At the same time, the CEM of KHADC urged the government not to dismiss doctors, nurses or staff at such times.
The young man was arrested at 5 pm.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong, Ampereen Lyngdoh, Ma Vincent Pala, students from various schools and colleges.
Benjamin Thabah, SP in charge of Border Affairs, Army Lipon, President, Aibor Shadap, MDC, Barato Mukroh, MM Thaiang, Secretary Labang Nangphyllut Pagam Raliang Council. – Chairman of the Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum (HBDRF) as invitees.
They also said that they not only cultivate Sohtrun and export it only within Meghalaya to areas where there are no Sohtrun cultivators, but they can also sell or export Sohtrun to Assam.
In the evening, the darkness inside the village has disturbed the residents from the increase in crime in the community.
Manisha also lost to Japan's Mahiro Yoshitake in the semifinals; before defeating Kazakhstan's Albina Kairgeldinova by by fall in their bronze medal match.
There is no such thing as a touch screen on the internet.
Ms Hamsñiawpher Suchiang, leader of the group that started the seed bank at Mulum village, expressed her satisfaction that since they started banking seeds again, they have been able to collect many seeds including the seeds of the field.
Perhaps this observation will become more timely because it is a dynamic process.
He said another issue is the discussion to give advice to the government which is still seeking advice to draft the Service Rules for non-government teachers.
Furthermore, it is because of our friends that we want what is impossible just because they exist.
When asked whether there has been an inspection of street vendors under the Protection of Lifeline and Regulation of Street Vending Act, 2014, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that there has been an inspection of street vendors. from November 4, 2023 to July 16,
Students today have many opportunities to gather information through the internet, but attending Edufest organized by Lynchpin, one of the most trusted groups, is a great opportunity for and their parents also.
The Rotaract Club of Pine City Shillong on Saturday held a training on women's health at Chyrmang Wah village, West Jaintia Hills District.
They will destroy the party's supporters in each constituency after they get tickets.
They also demanded that the government should release all the members of the Sengbhalang who have been arrested on many charges during the protests in the past three months.
The tournament will start on the 21st of July.
It started exactly at 10:40 am.
Micky Tynsong of Umiam United won the man of the match award and the NNSSCC has announced that the final quarter final of the tournament will be played on the 12th. Shillong: Smit, the last champions of Assam Rifles, have won the first leg of the 4th Assam Rifles today. Rifles Invitational Football Tournament will be held at the Army Ground in Laitkor.
Until now, we have not seen any civil society organizations, which are clever enough to raise issues on various issues, or women's organizations as well, to come forward to march and burn this book; but they should understand that this is a book which has shown a little respect for the dignity of our Khasi women and therefore, as a nation that respects women, it should have done more. , to surprise those who write bria.
As a sign of the end of the 10-day hunger strike, Bah Ardent ate two meals prepared by his wife.
From the way they speak, you can tell that they are beginning to leave the city.
Delhi, often known for the highest levels of air pollution during the monsoon season, has ranked fifth among the most polluted cities, according to a report by a group Center for Research on Energy and Clean Air (CREA).
Besides the illegal transportation of coal, there is also the excessive transportation – it is very painful for the state.
They tried to overthrow the Persian Empire and rule over the Medes, but they were defeated.
If the government tries to pass a law on the Village Authorities and Rangbah Shnong, it has undermined the powers of the Council,” said Bah Nongrum.
This often discourages them and causes them to stop what they have started.
During the time of the COVID-19 pandemic, the people of the state have complained about the shortage of doctors but the Government has not done anything about it.
The proposal to relocate the school to Shangpung has surprised many people and suggests that there may be some people who are writing the truth from behind,” said the youth.
We have to pay 10 lakh per annum to the State Sports Council,” said Joe.
In a statement, Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, General Secretary of the party, said that the party as a whole stands firm and unwavering on whatever basis it stands on. for the rights of the Trai Ri Trai Muluk, whether it is in the administration of nature, income, trade, inheritance, the welfare of the society which affects the rights of ownership of the Trai Ri Trai Muluk. Country.
Through this glorious victory, Meghalaya has become a pride for the state which is also the host state for the first time.
HYC WKHD President Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh said that since the illegal MOU of the MDA Government led by Conrad K Sangma, about 12 villages have fallen under Assam, which has caused great suffering to the people.
Nongpoh: After a doctor working at Patharkhmah CHC, tested positive for COVID-19, it has been announced that the CHC will be temporarily closed from the 12th to the 12th of this month. 14th of this month.
The Prime Minister's Kisan Nidhi (PM-KISAN) scheme was launched by the Prime Minister on 24th June,
Commercial taxi drivers in Shillong have chosen this day to march as a sign of solidarity with the All India Trade Union (AITU) which has declared a strike on this day as a sign of protest against the price hike. by Insurance.
Shillong, Nailar 25: Alexander Hek will have to contest against Rocky Hek if he wants to win the MLA election in
At this meeting, a committee was set up to organize various meetings and opportunities, and it was decided to file a case if the matter cannot be resolved.
This was witnessed at a meeting at the State Central Library Shillong last year when Dr Mohan Bhagwat, Chief Secretary of the RSS, dared to accuse that all the people living in Meghalaya are Hindus. Munujik Khongjirem, President RSS East Khasi Hills & Ri Bhoi, gave a speech translated into Khasi by Makashang Khongshei. Entrepreneur.
This road passes from 20Mer to Lailad to Umrit via Pathar Khmah, Jirang to Assam.
The number of cases is 14 percent of the total number of cases in the country.
When Jesus saw those soldiers who were beating him in ignorance, he said, “Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do” (Lk 23:34). The Son of God, when he was full of sorrow, remembered him that sent him into the world.
With this victory, Diengshynrum and Ladrymbai came second in Pool B, Pamrakmai from Pool C came second and Jalyiah and Umlyngsha from Pool D qualified for the quarter finals. .
The UK has also detected another coronavirus, called Lambda (C.37), which is another type of coronavirus, besides the diseases that already exist in the country. The World Health Organization (WHO) on July 14, 2021, declared Lambda as a variant of interest.
Blood streamed in front of the door and porch, as well as on the road from the ground floor of Lydia's house to the village street.
The statement said that if Assam has signed the Instrument of Merger, while Hynniewtrep has signed the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement, they are still implementing it.
“We want the government to appoint us and if the government wants it can do so because there are 36 schools without teachers,” said one of the dismissed teachers.
Shillong, Nailur 9 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the state government will seek an explanation from the police officers of Tactical Team-I involved in the shooting death of Former General Secretary of the HNLC Cherishterfield Thangkhiew on 13th July
AMEN.
The POCSO Act, 2012 protects children under the age of 18 years from child sexual abuse, said SM Wanniang, First Class, Mawkyrwat. , sexual abuse and the use of child pornography.
Bomb squad chief Shafqat Mahmood said two suicide bombers were used in the incident.
The Governor said this while speaking at the 9th Anniversary of the Union Government led by Narendra Modi as Prime Minister of the country held by the Press Information Bureau (PIB) at Hotel Vivanta, Shillong. on Thursday.
“After he could not produce his documents, I called the police to inquire about the doctor,” said Sengam.
The meeting was attended by officials of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU), including Prof. SR Joshi, Registrar, Prof. Lucy Zehol, Chairman of the Fact Finding Committee. The incident occurred at NEHU Tura Campus.
All three men in the vehicle have been involved in drug trafficking and have been involved in several violent crimes in the city in the southern part of the city. Toulon.
About four people were killed while many others were injured and many of the villagers went missing.
He said the religious leaders will hold a meeting on July 19 and after that, they will come to the Government with their proposals.
Shillong, November 13: Students of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU-HWC) have vowed to close down the office of the Dean of Students' Welfare (DSW) and Provost. Prof SN Sharan and Provost Provost DK Nayak should not be removed from the department.
Another interesting aspect of Kong Rephica is that she is also running to be a preacher and an example to the youth especially those who have fallen into various challenges to turn to sports. and to avoid these evil practices.
Students who apply for schools recognized by the MBOSE (affiliated schools) do not need to take the Selection Test conducted by the DSEO offices in different districts.
The State Government has tightened security in Shillong and other district headquarters following the incidents of petrol bomb blasts against government property including police stations.
Furthermore, the JSU has also witnessed incidents at some banks where the people who are standing in line have reached the border to throw stones or to throw stones at each other because of the queue or because of the crowd.
“The intention of the MLAs to join the party will be soon and not long because there are still those who have to wait,” said Bah Shibun.
The family members of the three victims, including Aiborlang Nongdhar, Ibajanai Nongdhar and Theilinda Nongdhar, have expressed their deep sorrow over the loss of their loved ones. Three elders from the household said that these three elders are the supporters and encouragers and empowerers of their household.
If the newborn mother cannot be fed, she will develop anemia.
He said that when the government needs any work, it invites the village headmen to talk and exchange ideas but this letter is ignored.
Both games ended in a 2-0 draw.
Before the blood donation, an awareness program was also conducted to explain the importance of blood donation to the students.
Bah Nongsiang said that although they have not fully fulfilled the promises of the government, the government has accepted some of their demands.
“All the policemen in the police stations should be aware of these SOPs, so that there is no misconduct,” said Das.
The shooting victims include three Punjabis and one Bihari.
One person has been seriously injured in a road accident in front of the DC office Jowai on Tuesday.
Therefore believe that there is no need to be afraid when persecution comes.
Therefore, all the people should be surprised at this juncture not only to elect the leaders but also to elect the Nongthawaiñ.
This time, 54 teams will be accepted in six districts and five places.
Shillong, June 16: The body of Bah Seiborlang Jaktung, Rangbah Shnong of Wahlyngkhat, Shillong, has been recovered from Rngaiñ night. The body of Bah Krejon Khongjirem was recovered on Saturday evening.
Even the Supreme Court, on 27th August 2015, has ruled that Toll Gate Plazas cannot be opened on any road unless the roads are cleared. “It can be improved,” said Bah Bipul Thangkhiew.
It is directed that if there are such households/individuals, they should register with the FPS dealers or Waheh Shnongs so that the Office can register them on the ration cards and get the necessities.
Of these 16 cases, 13, including seven males and six females, were admitted to the VRDL of the Jawaharlal Nehru Institute of Medical Sciences last night.
Shillong: Police of Jaintia Hills, Psiar, have surrendered to Sahsniang yesterday, according to reports. Psiar village, which is a village, which they have set up camp in the past few days, but which has already been demolished, through a complaint by the police of Jaintia Hills.
If you don't have a travel history, you should be tested positive for covid1
Explaining about the flood prevention measures, Shah said that the purpose of Hydro Power Plants is not only to generate electricity, but can also be used for flood prevention, besides using The 271 water tanks will help prevent floods.
The AIFF has prepared a squad of 22 players to lead the tournament, which will produce under-23 players along with three senior players.
“For the Financial Year 2021-2022, the salary is still pending for the months of June and October.
However, it didn't happen to my husband, who was injected on the same day as me.
Shillong: U Atul Aroa, 46, resident of Nongmynsong, Shillong, has died after being shot dead by a man named Atul Aroa, 46, resident of Nongmynsong. They were hit by a truck carrying idols while they were planning to celebrate Durga Puja in Polo.
The project has been running for 10 years and is being implemented at Tyrshang and Larnai village, West Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya.
He said that the recruitment process for more than 1000 vacancies in various ranks of the police department is ongoing.
In the discus event, Shalini Chaudhary won the women's 49.35m category while Damneet Singh of Punjab won the men's category. at a distance of 64.91m.
We wish Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister, a long life and happy days ahead,” said the statement, signed by Bah Shaingingstar Khardewsaw, Umtynru, Maweit, West Khasi Hills. Marbiangbor, Nongpyndeng, West Khasi Hills.
Harijan Panchayat Committee Secretary Gurjit Singh said a meeting was held between the Gurudwara Gurunanak Dorbar, the Hindu Temple and the Church of North India. They are not allowed to fight according to the law or in the name of religion.
Perhaps if the state government gets the land not used by the army it will be a great help for the government to build not only fly overs, parking lots and even the improvement of roads in the city and more sour spirit.
Shillong, Lber, 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Thursday sent a letter to the Union Education Minister Dharmendra Pradhan to release Meghalaya from the which conducts the Central University Entrance Test (CUET) examination conducted by the National Testing Agency (NTA).
Eddy Ripnar, Member of the Meghalaya Model United Nation, shared information about the recently launched app of the Election Commission of India (ECI) – KYC App, which helps to collect information on any candidate and will also assist in identifying the behavior and illegal activities (if any) of the candidates, which is essential for voters when electing candidates.
When standing and looking around at the cars whizzing by on the roads of the state one can see things that make us think better.
We must understand that the citizens have the right to choose any party of their choice, they have the right to form their own party or to join any party of their choice. I don't have a Constitution,” he said.
The DGP said that the incidents of violence in the state have decreased in recent years.
At the same time, he congratulated the Hima Nongstoin for being one of the Hima which has enacted Acts and Rules of the Hima Nongstoin since
The Legislative Assembly today began with a speech by the Governor of Meghalaya, Banwarilal Purohit, on the various works done by the state government and those that will be done in the future.
Isaiah 14:14.
Jowai, Naitung 23: The JBB&FA has congratulated Raymond Nongkhlaw for winning the second place in the Mr Universe Championship. held in Bangkok, Thailand.
They said that as the owners of the land, they strongly oppose this invasion of the land, where they too have their documents to prove their land and the sad thing is that that just to get the land, it has sent police forces to intimidate the land owners.
He said that although the flames have destroyed all parts of the temple, only the statue of Lord Buddha has not been affected.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh expressed his satisfaction and satisfaction that the preparations are going smoothly for the holding of this tournament in the state.
Before becoming a full-time leader, Kiang wanted to get something from the Blai-ki Syiem, so he went to Syntu Ksiar and said that if he got a tree with two branches and leaves, ïirngam, the death of the Blai-ki King.
twitter.com/616q7avNjg.
Referring to the order of the High Court, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar promised that the government has tried its best to resolve the issue. before the end of this year.
However, the most important question is, “Whether the ksew will go to Ladakh or Arunachal Pradesh?”.
Council, you have held a meeting.
The Seng requests all the stone traders to Bangladesh to unite and not allow these foreign trucks to come and work in the area, so that we can prevent foreigners from infiltrating into the War area. Jaintia.
by.
During the elections, police seized Rs 3.06 crore, liquor worth Rs 1.95 crore, drugs worth Rs 12 crore, gold worth Rs 30 lakh and stolen items Rs 30 lakh. sam this yes that after the election.
In a statement sent by the Organizing Committee of the Divine Savior Parish, Nonbah, Rev. Fr Anselm Nonglang, Administrator of the Diocese of Nongstoin, will be the chief guest and priest. they did not attend the Holy Mass.
On the other hand, Bah Paia B Synrem Assistant Secretary Seng Khasi Seng Kmie said, “We have lost sleep last year due to the Covid-19 pandemic. as in other years since its inception in 1911 at Weiking Square.
“The monument was erected in 2012 and this year we have started the celebration of Soso Tham,” said Paiem Freeman Sing Syiem.
Instead of encouraging or helping me, the Branch Manager of SBI, Jowai Branch said that if I can mortgage or invest more ( PMEGP has only 5% own contribution) and 5% of the loan, otherwise it will not loan.
Former Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya has announced that he will contest the MLA election from Nongkrem constituency. Mawhati to Nongkrem.
New Delhi: Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman has rejected the BJP's proposal to contest elections because she does not have the money to spend. , for this election.
Jowai, Jymmang 30: The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District under Section 144 CrPC has banned all heavy vehicles including trucks and buses from passing through the Shangpung-Sutnga road due to the lack of bridge. don ha this road.
“This is the beginning and people don't know much about this sohniamtra, its uniqueness, taste and purity, and when we get such a program again we will introduce more and more to the people. related to the price as well", they added.
From the sources, it was reported that there are 10 cases of covid 19 and 13 cases out of these 10 cases; However, today, this reporter asked Dr A War, Director Health Services (MI), whether the writers have contracted covid or not. the writers did not get sick".
If people pray, God will not send those terrible diseases and terrible events.
Conrad said that Assam has been working hard on the construction of the railway line from Tetelia to Byrnihat but due to the incident that happened during the start of the project in Meghalaya, this work has been suspended.
Ray took illegal money from the family of a man accused of raping a 13-year-old girl to drop the case.
Although these problems have been reported to the authorities for nearly a year.
The state police said that this was a fake news and a case has been registered against the news channel.
In the 2019 MP election, Pala defeated Dr Jemino by 1,52,139 votes, Pala received 4,19,232 votes while the UDP candidate received 2 votes. ,67,093 votes.
Those same leaders who have invited salonsaris from abroad who have deceived and thanked the students from the state and so on; However, the top leader admitted that he had been smuggled into the Bay of Bengal to return to his home state.
Police have arrested Pabitra Debbarma, 36, of Kumarribill, West Tripura and seized ganja, a vehicle, a mobile phone, an RC and a the Pan Card.
Therefore, 'Don't be afraid, but don't be afraid,' is the 'tienphira'
In the second half, Lajong started to lose their temper by passing the ball, not being able to hold the ball, but Rangdajied managed the game with enthusiasm. Mawlai have lost only one match against Rangdajied 2-1 in the SPL this season. on June 26th.
When an MLA serves the people he serves both body and soul and when he does so he serves God because the people belong to God because they were created by God.
Shillong, November 16: The Minister of Rural Development, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the government intends to implement a special allocation of T.1800 crore for the health sector. , which is reserved only for Hospitals, PHCs, CHCs and Sub-Centres.
Nongpoh, 09 Naitung:Electricity is no longer a problem that the people face for a few days or hours, but these days this issue has become one of the issues of discussion for many people. This is a problem for the people who use it in their homes.
Shylla immediately called them and threatened the BSF soldier who was chasing them. At first Shylla spoke in Hindi but later he spoke in English.
Perhaps, the High Court said that the measures taken during the Behdieñkhlam festival have helped to reduce the problem of garbage dump in Jowai.
So far, there are 367 confirmed cases of Covid-19 in East Khasi Hills district, 314 cases, 240 cases from BSF, 14 cases from Army Forces and 60 cases from civilians. cases in East Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in South Garo Hills, 1 case in West Garo Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills District and 1 case in North Garo Hills District.
Consequently, it has led to some seeing the danger if littering is not controlled.
“The Waheh Shnongs have the authority to inspect and verify foreigners who trade and work in any village and can also inspect the documents of foreigners such as Trading License, Non Tribal Employee Service License and “We need the cooperation of the Waheh Shnongs because the Taxation Department lacks staff to inspect all the shops and factories,” said Winning Sungoh. and market or commercial areas.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday congratulated Narendra Modi and Amit Shah for agreeing to reach an agreement by signing the agreement. the agreement on the social border between Assam and Meghalaya.
The union demands that the government through the relevant authorities should take action and repair the road within two months and if it remains the same, the union will do its part.
The BJP Mahila Morcha and its group have worked hard to campaign from house to house for the NDA candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh in Shillong and other places.
Ma Helping Phawa was also invited to explain to the public about his continued claim to be the president of JHTOA. Helping Phawa, former president of JHTOA, did not attend the meeting.
The policy is the mother while the scheme is only the offshoot.
In Tamil Nadu, the number of cases has risen to 11,000 with 689 new cases.
Referring to the road in Jongksha which has been badly damaged as requested by Bah kynsing, NPP candidate from the area, Conrad said the work will start soon.
He added that this is a great decision for us as citizens and we will not hesitate to face the challenges or anything that we will face in the journey of life. It is also the decision that we both have made that as God has joined us together, man cannot separate us and we will love and be one until the end of our lives. , he added further.
The village is located in Umroi Constituency and the current Chief of this constituency is Bah George Lyngdoh Mawphlang, who is the eldest son of Bah EK Mawlong. (RIP), former Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 19: The State President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Ernest Mawrie on Friday said that the BJP will win 10-15 seats in the Assembly elections. The State Election will be held on the 27th of June.
They have forgotten their own dignity but are looking for ways to win the war to defend our beloved country.
South Shillong had the lowest turnout with 21,074 out of 33,934 voters which is 62.10%.
They don't have their own school, no special training center, no workplace.
Any nation that can still produce food for itself is a strong nation and can prosper.
Nine of these cases are from Sepahijala district and one from South Tripura district.
On the other hand, the Federation of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Riwar Circle said that the government should set up a Quick Response Team and high-level authorities to address this issue. This happens in this area from time to time, especially during the rainy season.
Curcumin was found to be responsible for the reduction of anxiety symptoms, the manifestation of stress symptoms on mood and neurocognitive performance, as well as on the manifestation of anxiety symptoms through the reduction to monoamine oxidase A & B enzymes – the effect on the presence of neurotransmitters in the brain.
“Workers have to come to work during the day and have to leave in the evening," he said.
Here we will see how we understand his thoughts and words. One of the surprising things is how I know that those who went shooting were because those who were shot were playing basketball or violating social distancing.
Shillong, Naitung 24 : The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) has demanded that the state government should set up an independent inquiry into the allegation that the farmhouse of the State Vice President of the BJP in the state has been illegal. , Bernard N. Marak, who is from Tura.
Mawlai SC goalkeeper Neithovilie Chalieu has returned to Shillong Lajong FC in preparation for next season's I-League.
those who harden their hearts and resist the loving call of the Holy Spirit are sure to go to hell.
When asked about the life of the writer, Peter said that She had only two brothers, himself and his sister (both of whom have passed away).
The goals were scored by S. Kharumnuid in the 16th minute and O Kharumnuid in the 35th minute.
She demanded that the illegal coal trade should be stopped immediately regardless of whether it is large or small, but should be followed according to the rules of law and those involved should be punished.
After a while, the police, who received a tip, seized the flag and took it to the police station.
VICEROYALSON NONGTDU (INC – 24082.
In order for the drivers to get jobs, the government should think for the poor to earn money from taxis.
The Director of Social Welfare said that from June 2022, the CDPOs have been directed to follow the rules before paying money to the beneficiaries and to verify the list from the C&RD Block.
These buses will be operated separately by those teams sent through stems where the followers and drivers have already received training, for the safety of the students, to provide training to the children. that they become friends with those supervisors on every other bus.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U Bah PT Sawkmie MDC Mawlai Constituency on Tuesday announced that there will be an Academic Excellent Award 2014 for those students who have passed the Top-20 SSLC (MBOSE, CBSE, ICSE, ISC) and Top-10 Class XII HSSLC (MBOSE, CBSE, ISC) (Arts, Science, Commerce) applicants should be from Mawlai constituency and please apply in writing. All requirements, including Xerox copy marksheet and mobile number.
He said “they are trying to politicize this issue without knowing the fact there is danger to the residents in the area, and on this I don’t want to say anything or waste my time on such comments I don't have a foundation.
The State Government has decided to build Mala houses on the existing land for the employees of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) for the relocation of 342 households living in Them Metor.
He said that the government will find ways and means to improve and beautify the market and he will discuss with the Acting Syiem, the Ministers of Mylliem Hima who own the market. However, he said that there needs to be a cooperation between the government and the Hima Mylliem.
Mominin's resignation from the National People's Party (NPP) may follow the party's announcement to contest former Legislative Assembly Speaker AT Mondal in the upcoming elections. Constituency.
“He also alleged that these high levels collect T.95,000 per truck and take revenue from the people and the question is where will that money go up to T.95,000 per truck.
Special prizes were also awarded to the runners over 50 years of age, with Kong Kmoin Wahlang winning the prize.
Khliehriat, Nailur 30: The Deputy Commissioner (Excise) of East Jaintia Hills District, today announced that on the 2nd, Gandhi Jayanti, on the 4th and 5th, which are Hindu religious days, Dussehra (Maha) will be celebrated. , Vijay Dashmi), these are the days of alcohol ban throughout the East Jaintia Hills District.
In the same hours, 26 new cases were reported in Dharavi, a homeless shelter, and two more people died.
Biswa, who came in fourth, scored 64 runs along with Dippu Ch Sangma.
I am also a student of History and Ph.D.
On receiving a tip, police have seized a vehicle number ML 05 N-8934, which is suspected to be the vehicle smuggling the drugs from Guwahati to Shillong.
Meghalaya Government has not received any explanation on the resignation of BP KatakeyThe Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today admitted that the Meghalaya Government has not received any explanation in writing on the resignation of BP Katakey. The Chairman of the committee appointed by the National Green Tribunal (NGT) to oversee the transportation of unmined coal in the state has resigned.
They are Herbert Kharbani from Nongstoin Constituency and Spastarlin Nongrem from Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hamlet congratulated the Upper Shillong Sports Social & Cultural Association (USSS&CA) for organizing this tournament. children and youth of the area especially in sports.
He said that they came forward after there was a stir over the results of the team shooting.
When the coal mine is opened, Foreigners come first, Without fail they bring disease, Husiar, son of Lyngngam.
We have to understand, we cannot just eat ja-khluit, but we have to look for ways and means how to advise the Government.
Suddenly in the afternoon, two leaders from the HSPDP disappeared, without the knowledge of the party, to vote for the NPP. that he might know the cause of their turning away at the last moment.
Laitjem CC, after tied first, managed to score 167 runs for the loss of five wickets in all 20 overs.
These people are now living in the homes of their relatives in the Madanrting area.
The Commission has directed the Deputy Superintendent of District Prison and Correctional Home, Jowai to temporarily convert the hall of vocational training into a ward for the prisoners. wards that are already there.
Therefore, those leaders/clubs who have expressed their desire to promote sports and games, but have not participated once, please come forward. ym daki language.
Shillong: The Shillong All Faiths Forum (SAFF) was held at the Archbishop's House, Shillong today. The president, Fr John Madur as the Vice President, Rev EH Kharkongor as the Secretary and Mr Naba Bhattacharjee as the Joint Secretary.
This was announced by the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MBDA), the state government.
SHILLONG : A group of journalists from Shillong with the participation of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of State in charge of Sports & Agriculture and MLA from Mawkynrew Constituency, on 27th June, visited the Kharang Village Council to donate to Angels' Space School which is a school for children in Pre-Primary or Kindergarten classes.
The choice of any career also depends on the individual.
Not only that, the Congress has to remember that it has the owner of the Maram (as they used to say), Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, whose appearance is not much different from Bah HS Lyngdoh. The late leader of West Khasi Hills and the departure of Bah Rowell, will be another sign of the decline of the Congress, where the party will now have to look at its eyes. On the other hand, Garo MLA from Ranikor, Martin Danggo and no others.
The distribution of these soaps is throughout the Khasi Hills, from Jowai to Pynursla, Mawsynram, Mawkyrwat, Balat, Nongjri, Borsohra, Nongstoin, Bhoi and other places in the state. our.
So Christ also, having been offered once for all to bear the sins of many, shall appear the second time without sin" (Hebrews 9:28).
Avoid jamming streams, rivers and streams during floods.
On the other hand, Shibun said that Amit Shah, who was scheduled to visit Shillong on the 12th and 13th of this month, has postponed it because he is still busy with the Vice Presidential election. BJP candidate Venkaiah Naidu has won the election.
The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Ajay Kumar Mishra and Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs were also present on the occasion.
: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat has announced that a public meeting will be held on the 12th July, 2018 at Pyndenumjarain at 11:00 pm. good morning.
However, as soon as he reached the kitchen, Kong Lumspah, his wife, decided to bring back the tea.
The meeting will include the MDCs of Sutnga, Narwan, Nongkhlieh and Sumer constituencies.
“To get a fair trial on the murder of Daritngen, we the HYC demand that a thorough inquiry should be sent to the CBI. Kyrshan Marbaniang Vice President of HYC WKHD said that the girl has been released and has been able to walk freely. He said that regarding the CBI investigation, the village will not give any promise or decision, but will take the matter back to the EC of the village. The perpetrators shall be punished according to the law whether it is the Village Act, the Hima Act or the Government Act.
These are the changes in politics in 2015 which the journalist has tried to summarize.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) will soon hold the Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy.
Kynta said the charges against Adelbert are criminal contempt and not civil contempt, because they did not violate the order of the court. whether this private judge has the authority to hear this case".
The report said that the coal mining industry in the state benefits only a few rich people and not the poor.
Kohli said that the Prime Minister's attempt to take power is because after the Congress in the state has lost its strength, the people have given their answer in the MDC elections. GHADC, in the mid-term MP elections in Tura.
He will rise in the resurrection.
On the allegation by KHNAM that the nomination of candidates by the HSPDP and UDP from North Shillong constituency is only to defeat KHNAM, Ardent said that nominating candidates means that he has been nominated to win. We are fighting, we are fighting for him to win, when we do it together it means we have thought for the benefit of the Alliance, what we are doing is for the benefit of the Alliance-not the HSPDP or UDP. “The people of Shillong North will decide, we have elected a candidate who is fully educated – it is up to the people,” said Bah Ardent.
He said that if the state receives enough money, it will be able to use and implement the schemes through this money.
The Half Yearly Examination is also not long.
The Seng also demanded that the Personal Interview should be abolished for Grades B, C and D.
The state government has already held a meeting with the army chiefs and the department to prevent and ensure that there will be no spread of Covid-19 in the state. The army has taken the initiative to evacuate its own people from Guwahati and to follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Prestone Tynsong said that there are more than 9000 youths from the state who have stayed in other states of India who have returned to Meghalaya and there are about 5000 or 6000 youths who have returned to Meghalaya. I don't want to go to Meghalaya.
The HYC has distributed the mystery items through the MLA's Scheme after receiving information from the youth that they have been facing unemployment in the past two years due to the floods. of COVID-1
Earlier, a meeting will be held at his residence, in the presence of UDP leaders and others.
The tournament was inaugurated by the daughter of former MP Padmashree Badaplin War in the presence of Association leaders including Balajied Kharmalki, Gilbert Laloo and others.
In the midst of the celebration, police have received a tip that some drug traffickers have been walking around Shillong to offer to youngsters during the celebration. drug dealer.
British Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt has warned that there will be a terrible incident, in which it is believed that there is a serious conflict between Iran and Britain.
The All India Football Federation (AIFF) is hopeful that the Pakistani players and team officials will receive their visas to participate in the tournament. this year's tournament.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Arunachal Pradesh by 248 runs by 10 innings in the third match of the Ranji Trophy at Dibrugarh today.
Shillong Cricket Association-A and East Garo Hills District Cricket Association started the tournament with a win by beating SCA-B and South Garo Hills District Cricket Association. DCA.Referring to the match played at the Umbuda Ground in Nongpoh, SCA-B had to tied first after losing the toss and started with a draw. Shubham Rasaily (22), Manthan Dey (19) and Josiah Wanniang (14) were the winners.
The Tavern Club is the perfect place for revelers to unwind, dancing to melodious tunes while eating delicious food, sipping herbal beverages, wines and other special spirits.
This is the third arrest after the bomb blast on 9th October 2024, at Standbus in the metor area.
Film writers under the banner of the Writers Guild of America West have staged a massive protest in front of the Paramount Pictures headquarters demanding a wage increase.
The MDC of Laitkroh is also the head of the Mawbynna Presbyterian Church.
About 300 to 400 members of the Sengbhalang have taken part in the protest which lasted for about 7 hours . The protest started at 10 pm until 4 p.m.
Khongstid, who conducted the meeting, said that the ban on quarrying has affected not only the transporters or daju who fill the trucks with stone, but also the owners of vehicles, drivers and shopkeepers. sha, cigarette shops, women who work in the fields and many people.
The villages affected by the floods are Rajabala, Bhaitbari, Phulbari and Chibinang which are flooded by the Brahmaputra through the Jinjiram River.
In the field of transportation, 1,192 projects worth T 24,265 crore have been completed and 494 projects worth T 16,905 crore are underway. .
Klumne : Part of the rain and snow falls to the ground, and then it is covered with living tree trunks and vegetables.
What is the rationale behind this Government banning teachers from taking part in public and community affairs? Is it because there are some Ministers or MLAs who are afraid to hate some teachers lest they become their victors in the MLA Election 2023? Are they afraid of the MLAs who know better? Ministers/MLAs who are wise without knowledge? Does this government want to violate the rights of teachers? Or does this government want to turn the teachers into a business? Without teachers in the public service, politicians want to turn political affairs into companies from now on? They want MLAs/MDCs and party functionaries to be businessmen, big contractors, govt.
“Forgiveness will be foremost.
As of Friday, Meghalaya has witnessed 28 people losing their lives in the earthquake.
“We must stand together and provide assistance to the refugees because it is a real incident in the country and many lives have been lost,” he said.
Shillong Lajong will play against Riangdo YSCA on the 6th July 2023 at the same ground at MDSA Artificial Turf, Mawkyrwat.
Thongni said that after thinking and asking carefully as an elder, he decided to find a friend who had lived with him since childhood. U Bah KP Pangniang, president of the HSPDP, has agreed to become friends again with his closest friend, Bah KP Pangniang, president of the HSPDP. also friendship to the end.
“It is true that the Central Government has committed to curb the spread of drugs in the North Eastern States as well as in Meghalaya where many families and people have been affected and destroyed by drug trafficking. “It's a drug addiction,” said Bah Mawrie.
On the allegation that they are the high levels who allow the trucks to pass, he asked who those high levels are, name them so that the government can do what is necessary and not just accuse or listen to talk. who is without truth?
At the same time, they sent their gratitude to the indigenous people of the state who have been a strong support for their struggle during the past three months. “We express our gratitude to the people who share the responsibility and understand that the Sengbhalang demands a fundamental basis for the benefit of the indigenous people. in this generation and the generation to come" he said.
If you have any questions, please contact the SDO (Supply), Amlarem Civil Sub Division.
At this time of crisis , it is necessary for everyone , especially those who are rich , to join hands with the government authorities to fight to improve income so that the economy can stand up again and we shall be able to carry out all activities in an orderly manner for the safety and security of all the residents.
Thus, the Bible is divided into 66 books, 39 in the Old Testament and 27 in the New Testament.
The kingship should descend from kniteng to kniteng, the jait should descend from Meiteng to Meiteng, it should not be called the trade of inheritance but it should be the trade of meiteng, in the custom of the Khasi there is no inheritance.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Up to T.1,07,71,366 crore has been spent per annum for the operation of the Meghalaya Lokayukta for the year 2022-2
The General Secretary of the union, Bah Aimonbha Syad, said that out of the 15 villages which have not yet received the scheme, most of them are from Mihmyntdu, Khlieh Tyrshi and others.
Speaking on the simultaneous holding of elections in the coming years, Modi said, “We will move forward with the principle of One Nation, One Election.
She added that the assessment of the cleanliness will be taken from the information through the public as well as from the information collected through the office.
Other speakers at the meeting included Linianci Marweiñ, President ASHA Workers Union Nongstoin, Kyntiewmon Nongshli, Srally Rashir, Sordar of New Nongstoin and others.
At the same time, he said that they also encourage parents to use school buses to take their children to school instead of private vehicles so that it will not cause too much traffic. car.
The program was held at the ground floor of the school where Bah R Kharbuki MDC Umroi was the chief guest in the presence of Bah S Mawlong Ranger of Forest Nongsder Range. Resource Person, D Kharbani Principal, Forest Department, Village Leaders, Teachers and Students of the school.
Speaking on the occasion, the trucks smuggled mawria to Assam without paying tax from a Stone Quarry in Maikhuli village, Meghalaya. .
“At present I cannot explain anything because the central government is still considering the matter.
Mukul said, in fact, in the past years, you will see the leaders who have responsibility within the Government to work for the people and the state with determination and honest service.
The Rangbah Shnong of Khliehriat West, Ma Langmon Bareh and the Chairman of the Village, Ma Witing Bareh were also present at the ceremony.
This requires commitment, commitment, and sustained investment, as well as international cooperation and solidarity so that neither women, children, and adolescents, nor the country is left behind .
Meghalaya has done its best in organizing this tournament and providing accommodation, food and other facilities,” said Kamal, who will play in the quarterfinals of the tournament. para alone on this same day.
Kharang village is about 20 kilometers from Smit Road and there are parts where the road is narrower.
The Retirement Benefit Scheme, Medical Reimbursement Scheme, Modified Assurance Career Progress Scheme (MACPS) and NPS will not be discussed.
The incident took place at Bolkinggre Secondary School in East Garo Hills on the other side of the Simsang River in Williamnagar.
The day-to-day suffering has turned into a thousand.
Seven persons have been arrested under the provisions of the Excise Department.
Nongpoh, Naitung 13: The Union Minister of State for Heavy Industries and Power, Krishan Pal Gurjar today visited Ri Bhoi District to gather information on the development projects. The project has been selected as one of the 115 Aspirational Districts in India.
Ma MA Challam also paid tribute to Amsa Freddy Khlem, the leader of the disabled.
John said that according to the report, there are people from six districts including Garo Hills who came to witness the festival and the record is to request the government not to accept the festival. Pomblang should be declared a public holiday in the state, not just a district holiday.
However, they expressed their gratitude to Evalyni Kharbani, one of the responsible women and through the request of the Village Organization in the village, she immediately reached out to help for the needs of the residents. construction of roads for the safety of the people in coming and going.
In the rural areas, you can still find trees that are a source of comfort to mankind especially during the climate change.
According to the complaint lodged by the woman at the Women Police Station, Jowai, Ma Madonbai and his friend took her to Delhi and when they arrived in Delhi he tried to rape her, but she escaped.
The Lamphang also reminded all the members after seeing that many of them when they speak or ask for clarification from the Minister they turn to the Minister or Member of the House but they should not do so. turn your face towards Lamphang's chair.
Speaking to reporters, HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin said, “The HYC has come to support Bah Ardent on the grounds that the issue of amending the Reservation Policy is This is an issue that we as a nation have longed for and not an issue to promote any political party”.
The union also urges the government to look into the area and to bring a Primary Health Center (PHC) in Nongkhlieh Elaka which is a long standing demand of the residents of the area.
The ECI has decided this after considering the rise of the VPP in the 2023 MLA elections in Meghalaya.
(2) The RBI and the National Payment Corporation of India shall monitor, investigate and monitor all matters and submit a monthly report to the public.
In addition, there are also new marks launched by organizations recently, in which they offer against freebies.
The two-day Annual Sports Meet of the Indian Catholic Youth Movement (ICYM) Jowai Diocese came to an end on Saturday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai.
“The rule is that those students of class 12 who have not taken the subject Alternatively English cannot go to Honor English and this is wrong because if you look at The only subject they take in alternative English has nothing to do with the course they take in BA but what I found is only the subject Elective Khasi or Second Language which has nothing to do with those who take honor Khasi in BA" “As an English teacher, I found that while students in other boards like ICSE from class 6 have taught students to read novels while in MBOSE they are still teaching short stories in class. 12" added Young Mayborn.
He said that the company will provide employment opportunities to the villagers, will also plant trees in the ground areas after the quarrying or quarrying of stones, the waste will be disposed of properly, if The company has already used the land to build a fish pond and other facilities.
Speech was delivered by Babu Kyntiewkupar Nongsiej, Vice-Principal and Coordinator, IQAC Sngap Syiem College.
She also said that the unemployment of children is the main reason.
She said that a report will be prepared and these issues will be taken into consideration.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that he and the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, have He has met with the Union Health Minister, JP Nadda to remove the Director of NEIGRIHMS, Dr DM Thapa.
Pannun has been wanted by the NIA since 2019 for involvement in terrorist attacks and has been charged with 22 offenses in Punjab alone.
The NDA does not have the manpower in the Rajya Sabha, so it cannot bring the bill, but it will bring it again when the BJP has the manpower, he said.
“This collection of revenue has started since the sale of synsar in October and as the days go by, the collection of revenue is still very slow.
These include East Khasi Hills 159, West Garo Hills 99, Ri Bhoi 7, South West Garo Hills 21, West Khasi Hills 3, South West Khasi Hills 17, West Jaintia Hills 4, North Garo Hills 6, South Garo Hills Eastern West Khasi Hills 3, East Jaintia Hills 5 and East Garo Hills
And the servants said unto him, Shall we kill them? The master says – yes.
The reason why the village leaders of Sumer Umbang have lodged a complaint against the driver at Umiam Police Station is on the basis of the incident which happened on Saturday night, at Umiam Police Station. The driver of the sumo, which was hired by the police, allegedly went to beat up a truck driver.
When in the forest.
The gap between the rich and the poor is getting worse with the passing of the days and we have made corruption a source of income and we have made it clear that it is part of the income generation and that it is no longer. you are a thief.
In a statement, she also expressed her gratitude to the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and the party for appointing her as a Minister in the Meghalaya United Alliance (MUA-II) government. .
Wushu in Nongthymmai and taekwondo in Laban are also progressing well.
The letter states that Mehbub Hassan has not provided the PRC but has handed over the Provisional PRC which was issued to him on 7th July 2023 at Dadenggre and is valid for only 12 months.
This refers to heaven for the last church, the Church in which we live now and of this generation.
According to him, the three ADCs have not yet received the allocation for the Untied Scheme for the years 2021-2022 and 2022-2
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 18: On 17th June 2023, a group of farmers from Garod LSN Dykes, Chief Executive Member of Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division.
“Here in Mawngap, in Marbi, there are still many who speak Hindi rather than English.
“This Division is not an upgrade but a new Division because the old Sub Divisions there and another in Sohiong will continue to operate,” he said.
Therefore, if it is possible to install an incinerator, it will save a lot of pollution to the environment, said a statement from the spokesperson of the leaders of the three organizations. The President of the WKSU is Bah D.Sun.
The meeting was conducted by the President of KSU Nongkrem, GS Eastern Central, Samla Kheinkor Kharrngi. Vincent Makri is the painter of this area.
The tournament, which started today, will end on the 13th of this month.
Therefore, according to all these explanations, I feel that it is no longer up to us, the parents to take away the honor and authority of the father, it is the father who has the right to lead his children. hands, because he alone has the right responsibility for his own children.
It may be recalled that the plaintiff in the PIL, Tennydard M Marakha, alleged that Dr. Mukul Sangma's receipt of the certificate of citizenship was unacceptable. cheating.
On the other hand, Conrad admitted that he has received a letter regarding the decision of the BJP and the Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) to hold elections for two and a half years. the Minister's seat among the MLAs of these parties.
On the fourth night of this festival, the rulers held a meeting called Hengne u Syiem and the leaders of various kingdoms in the presence of the elders and residents of the kingdom. They talk and struggle to solve problems, they work together by mutual understanding.
This incident has angered the Khasi-Pnars living in Lapangap and the clashes have intensified with the passing of the days between the two ethnic groups living on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
The association also informed that it will be formed on June 1,
“On the other hand, the Congress leader said that the party welcomes those who want to return to the party but there are many things which he does not want to reveal because there are people who have left behind the party. party.
North Korean authorities believe that through the hood, placed on the meeting table, and if Kim uses the hood, it could be a tool to give However, information about Kim's deteriorating health as well as his physical and mental condition.
The DC's order said that the night curfew will not apply to food trucks such as FCI, army vehicles, police, MeECL, NEEPCO and Power Grid, PWD, PHE, Municipal, fuel and petrol pumps, vehicles of the health department, government vehicles, journalists and vehicle repair shops on the highways.
Special prizes were also awarded to the hearing impaired players.
Taking part in the discussion on the issue of no confidence in the Executive Committee, Pyniaid reminded the CEM that he has twice brought a resolution regarding the Gurudwara in Them Metor and He said that the reply received from the CEM is that within 10 days he will invite all the MDCs to speak.
Now, however, this rod of endurance will be cut off, and tomorrow it will be cut off, and tomorrow, on the twenty-fourth day of March, the world will begin to see tragic events that will from the cut of the root of the tree of faith.
In the last 3-4 months that the members have come, we have provided protection and there has been no arrest and don't be afraid.
Assam has three orange zones, Tripura has two, Meghalaya has one, while Manipur, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh and Sikkim have no orange zones.
After seeing these advertisements, it was announced that Pigrow is one of the drugs that can make pigs fat within five months and Tribio-Flex is also a drug that can make pigs fatten. The Food and Safety Department of the State Government has sent a test to the College of Veterinary Services in Assam to determine whether the drugs are contaminated. The health of the people who eat the meat of pigs or cattle that have been forcibly treated with these drugs.
After the meeting with the Minister which lasted for about 10 and a half hours, the President of the KSU said that the KSU has met with the Minister to ask for clarification on the performance of the 39 KSU personnel. Labor Inspector appointed by the Government.
In the past, religious groups, such as Khasi, Catholic, Presbyterian, Church of God, Pentecost, 7 Day, Baptist, Fellowship, etc; They love each other within their own group but now since the name AADHAR came out it is no longer so.
On the other hand, Bah JW Lapang, the owner of the Power Tiller, has lodged a complaint against the robbers and the police are conducting investigation to arrest the robbers. he added.
He said that the Government of India has made it clear that there should be a burial ground for these people who died of COVID-19, but the State Government has not implemented the burial ground and it has been suspended. the powers of these Dorbar Shnongs.
The reason for the delay is because it is in conflict with the custom of the Bhoi who give jait to the father.
The heavy rainfall in the past few months has caused severe damage to roads across the state.
Nongstoiñ, November 28: A young girl from Maweit village, West Khasi Hills District, has been raped by a man named Shoberwel Wanniang from the same village on Christmas evening. which happened at 3.00pm at the house of the girl while the girl was alone.
“The Lajong team has now been escorted to the airport and we have tried our best to ensure the safety and timely return of all our residents,” Conrad said.
The three states with the highest number of cases are Tamil Nadu with 31,079 cases, Karnataka with 22,823 cases, Kerala with 22,318, Maharashtra with 20,740 and Andhra Pradesh with 14,4
This is the spirit that comes from God so that man can live and know that he is from God.
Mawlong said that during the Hill State struggle, the people donated money to drink sha saw at Riatsamthiah, under the leadership of Bremly Lyngdoh.
According to sources, in the past few days, the price of chickens in Assam has increased by 10% to 50%.
The success of tourism depends on the goal of each of us to appreciate its value and to focus on improving this sector so that tens of thousands of families can enjoy it happily. to support their families from the income they earn through this sector.
While the meeting was going on, the leaders of the VPP and KHNAM left the meeting as a sign of protest against the government's failure to discuss the issue of Reservation Policy.
Shillong, July 08 : Umpling SC beat Mawsiatkhnam A 1-0 in the final of the Inter Dong Cup sponsored by Umpling Umjathang Sports Club at Umpling Umjathang Stadium. Mawsiatkhnam on July 5, 2023.
The increase in the number of cases and deaths is increasing in the district and therefore, the public is advised not to ignore the signs and symptoms of covid.
The Seng also wishes all the students who have received this award to continue to work hard in their studies so that they can reach the top ranks and become stars. the brightness of the family, society and the nation as a whole.
Owaisi was speaking at a public meeting in Hyderabad in preparation for the November 7, 2018 Assembly elections.
In 2009, Pastor PBM received only 97613 votes and came in third place while now he has received 168961 votes and came second. 71,348 votes were cast.
The Tuipuiral group, which includes more than 21 villages in Champai district, said a bomb fell in parts of Mizoram while Myanmar troops were conducting a search operation. The bomb not only fell in parts of India, but also destroyed a vehicle in India, while it was carrying shyiap from the Tiau River in the borders of these two countries.
Khasi tyngshops and purons, including Hilarious Kharbihkhiew, took part in the song.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has conducted an investigation into the incident but has not been able to reveal its findings till date.
Then the master of the house said to the servant, “Go out into the highways and hedges, and compel them to come in, that my house may be filled” (Luke 14:16). -23).
According to reports, shelling and shooting by Russian troops on Thursday claimed the lives of 26 Ukrainians, including five children who lost their lives in the relentless Russian attack.
Those who register will receive gifts or known as Jio gifts and will have to follow the steps below –Step 1: PUBG-Jio users need to visit Reliance Jio's game website and fill up a two-step registration form .
On the part of the village and the Seng Samla Shnong, they express their gratitude and appreciation to him for his promptness in constructing this stadium. but thou shalt not find it.
However, the dramas in the District Council are many, if you don't shout to your electorate what you find in this House you will be like a hero who has been imprisoned.
The drugs were smuggled from the Indo-Myanmar border to Manipur and from Manipur the intention was to smuggle them to Shillong.
In a televised speech, the Iranian army chief said that a $1 fine will be imposed on each Iranian citizen and that the money will be paid to anyone who kills the US President. .
Shillong, March 28: The Dorbar of Chiefs has urged all the 3363 Dorbar Kurs or Seng Kurs Khasi Pnar to immediately submit a copy of the Constitution or the Constitution of the Khasi Pnar Kurs to the office of the Khasi Pnar Kur. John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Dorbar, Chief Executive Officer of the Republic of Hynniewtrep.
Therefore, in these days we need to have the power to work and this is the power of government or politics.
Besides the GSC, the Trust also has a Shillong Polo Club which organizes Polo tournaments where players come from near and far.
Jaintia Hills Cement Manufacturers Association (JHCMA) in collaboration with Kyrmen Foundation (JHCMA) has organized the Red Ribbon Club Youth Festival 2023 under the theme “Be inspired”. , Own your Future".
On this day of heavy rainfall, the traffic jam is excessive and people who want to take vehicles from Motphran and 9lad to leave for their workplaces are facing difficulties, due to the heavy rainfall, which bring the lyngkien of water to the road.
Jowai, Nailar 22: The 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy 2023 of the 2nd Division Football Tournament of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) started today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Dongmih. Jowai.
Earlier, the residents were shocked by the robbery of Bah Jyllud who used to break into people's homes in order to steal and rob women.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, has urged the members to withdraw the ILP because he feels that the ILP is in the hands of the government and it is not enough for the Council to interfere. .
Because in the Word of God there is God, there is the active power of God, the past, the present, the future, and the eternal.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The National People's Party (NPP) on Friday welcomed the implementation of the Roster System by the Chief Minister. that is, not pa bin.
Kuldiep Singh, advisor to the Manipur government on peace and stability, said the incident began on the night of Tuesday and Tuesday, when three houses were burnt down in Tronglaobi of Bishnupur district and this has sparked further clashes between ethnic groups, in which many other houses have been burnt down.
Shillong:"The company construction of the road from Umshyrpi to Mawkriah Lad Mawreng, due to a mistake by the PWD department, has had to flee along with the contractor and take away our money without Mawsynram MLA Himalaya Shangpliang said in the Synrai Dorbar Hall on Monday.
Speaking to the media, it is understood that the reason why he urged the Rangbah Shnongs to fight against the entry of foreigners is because the Jirang Constituency is nearby. It is easy for people from Meghalaya-Assam to enter and leave one state without permission.
Political parties, civil society and religious organizations want to change the polling date as the 4th is the day of the Mizoram Synod, the largest church in the country. the Presbyterian Church in Aizawl.
Prestone said this in response to a cut motion moved by Ardent Miller of the VPP and Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh of the Congress.
“The people should not be silent, the people should not believe nonsense because there are those who take advantage of the fact that the elections are near and I have to say this because we have been accused, we have to speak the truth.
The Minister said that with the support of everyone in the society, such incidents of violence can be prevented, and through this Act, which has been introduced in the Khasi language, it will be ensured that it will reach the all the households of all the villages and townships and that no one shall be exempt from the law.
Vitamin C : Vitamin C is essential for the body's immune system.
Do not those policemen who entered the house of this Rangbah have the authority to arrest him when he tries to run away or do something wrong? The question is – Why was this Rangbah shot dead? As it appears in the media and social media, many people are sad and sorry for what happened to him. step of the 13th, 2021.
The Coaching Camp started on 21st March and ended on 24th March 2023 at SAI, Indoor Hall, NEHU Campus under the guidance of Gymnastics Coach, Arjun Singh Khwairakpam, Assam coach and Idalin Malngiang as assistant coach.
we stand in solidarity with our tribal friends against this fascist regime.
What we need to understand is that while we are fighting hard for our human rights, this virus is still spreading to attack us.
When the people fell into the hands of the brokers, they lost more money.
FOOT PLACE (NPP) – 33994.
“Thus, the violation of the Meghalaya Financial Rules and the lack of proper allocation for the distribution of soping tins to the poor as housing assistance has resulted in a cost of up to T.1.11 crore. There are 13,131 shops in these six blocks,” said the CAG report.
Nongpoh: The FKJGP Umdu Sohkhwai Unit has demanded that the government should immediately order the contractor to expedite the construction of the road from Sohkhwai to Pahammawlein. The road, which was supposed to be laid in the past few months, has been completed.
In addition, at least 2000 or 3000 km of new roads have been constructed.
Police have arrested her father-in-law, who is also an auto driver.
Nongpoh, March 01: The Iasnohktilang Village Organization, which includes about 10 SHGs at Mawphrow village in Ri-Bhoi District, has celebrated its 3rd anniversary. in 2019 with the aim of promoting women which is also the goal of the CM.
Oli said the place where Ram was born was not in Aydohya, but near the Balmiki Ashram in Nepal.
Looking to the West, the peoples of the regions have united into one ethnic group, without division in their regions, except in South America.
The college was implemented with the funding of the National Higher Education Mission under the Rashtriya Higher Education Abhiyan and the state government has allocated more than T.21 crore for the implementation of the project.
At the same time, the party congratulates the people of Mawkyrwat area who have joined in the protest programs of the 10 parties for the ILP in the past months and appeals to them to continue their support and refrain. from fighting to escape the oppressors.
The PCI also urged the government to take all necessary measures to protect all the residents, property, places of worship and others.
The three states have been directed to strengthen their surveillance on the outbreak.
However, due to the deterioration of the road in these years, there are no more tourists until Nongkhnum has become quiet.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Prestone said that under the banner of FORMLD, the struggle has been going on for many years and in 2017, the Civil Sub-Division was established in the area.
Of the dead, three were not Mizo.
Russia on Saturday launched shelling at a civilian area inside the city of Dnipro.
Recently, Danggo resigned from the Ranikor MLA post from the Congress and joined the NPP to contest the mid-term elections to be announced soon.
The arrest was made by Circle Inspector Siraj Ingti and Officer in Charge of Agia Police Station Manimoy Tamuly, who led the team to the DTO office in Williamnagar.
“Immediately, I took them away, I hugged them and I urged them to tell the truth,” said Bah Jala.
The highest rainfall in Sohra during the same period was 106.4 mm, while in Umiam it was 65.6 mm.
The union urged the DM&HO office to take action on the lack of health facilities in Shella PHC and Ichamati CHC which fall under the Sohra Civil Sub-Division.
Why do you need to work together? The reason is because to go to the tourist destinations you need to have good roads and paths.
On this allegation, she expelled him from the village by forcing him to write that he left the village of his own free will.
Shillong, July 20: Two mothers and children identified as Deilang Lamare (25) and her 1 year old daughter have been killed by unidentified robbers inside a shop. which they dwell in.
Inaugurating the Oxygen Plant, Wailadmiki Shylla congratulated the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the State Government as well as the UNDP. “They will get treatment at this hospital,” said Wailadmiki Shylla and urged the people to come forward and get vaccinated against COVID-1
“I agree that there is a misunderstanding of the order of the High Court and we agree that if there is a misunderstanding of the order of the High Court, the government should not accept the decision of the Supreme Court (SC). RK Sabharwal Ors vs State of Punjab & Ors on the Preparation of the Roster System don't turn back,” said Robertjune.
“The strike will continue on Tuesday 22nd of this month if the Government does not listen to the demand.
He said that the removal or appointment of any MPCC President in all the states of the country is within the decision of the AICC. He wrote a letter to the AICC incharge of the state, but on the day the AICC incharge of the state came, he did not receive the letter. The election of the MPCC President will be held after the AICC has received a full president.
The entry fee is T.
The students' union alleged that the government should take responsibility if anything happens to the students especially now that they have reached their examinations.
Speaking to media, Bah Michael said that Bah Metbah has talked to the Central Government to include the name of Phan Nonglait as one of the freedom fighters of India.
In the last term of the 13th Finance Commission, the allocation of the state to district councils was T.432.40 crore for the term 2010 to 2015, but now until ADCs of the state will have to sit down.
Taking part in the discussion, Congress MLA from Umsning, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh requested to release the police and allow them to do their duty properly.
The HYC urges the Government through the PWD Department to look into this issue.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20 : It will take about 50 years for Jhalupara village to finally see a playground for children, a playground for the elderly and especially a playground for children. don't be in their village.
Besides this election campaign, there have also been incidents in recent times which have affected the peace and order in the State.
This time, Lajong have set a goal to win but to reach the top of the table they have to fight hard as Mawlai from the start have already put themselves in a safe position.
"On the part of the EM Incharge of the district, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, he has explained that a large area cannot be sold without the approval of the KHADC and he has promised to take action. to find out the truth of the intention to sell this land and if it is true, the KHADC will immediately remove the sale.
The National Green Tribunal has banned the illegal mining of coal and this has been confirmed by the Supreme Court.
