“You journalists know better than me, I don't know anything about the movement to overthrow me,” he said.
The MSOA will provide the uniforms for the 5K Fitness Run only to those who arrive early before the start of the race. .
Shillong, November 15: The Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GHSMC) has demanded that the government should issue another advertisement for Grade IV posts except at the Meghalaya House in Kolkata.
One of the most important parts of the cleanliness of the Ri Blai of the house is that the TREKIROT came with the chiroop and the BON KA TEIÑ KA WET KA DOH and this is the soul of the children of Ynniaw wasa. prepare the food and drink and prepare the same thing.
“However, this will happen if the people of the North East make the BJP strong and the party will provide all kinds of assistance to the region,” Shah said.
He said that he had tested positive in Guwahati, but as he lives in Meghalaya, the health department had tested him again and found him Covid positive.
When asked where the HSPDP stands, Bah Sandondor said, “As you can see, other candidates who are contesting the seat are accusing each other.
In a statement, the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle requests all the people from parents, youth, women and men to come out on this day.
Shillong, March 10 : World Bank officials led by Thierry Martin, Senior Urban Development Specialist, on Tuesday said that Shillong has no problem in regaining the title of Scotland of the East in terms of cleanliness. said the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Singh Syiem.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle on Tuesday received a complaint from the Seng Longkmie Mawkriah East regarding the mismanagement of the BSC Company which is constructing the two vehicle road. has turned into a stone quarrying and soil quarrying site and the mismanagement of the reputation of the villagers in relation to the construction of safe wells, water tanks and foot paths. That it will be a pleasure for the traffic especially for the school children who have to pass through this highway every day.
Speaking to Rupang, Holei said that in Pynursla, he lives in a room that has been donated to him in a house belonging to the Society Border Area at Basa Soh. He said that patients who come for treatment at him have to stand in line, he does not issue slips, he said that he is at Pynursla market every day from 1 pm except on Fridays. .
In the Men's Single, Peter Lamare of DM&HO defeated Dau-ru Laloo of PWD 16-21, 21-10 and 21-1
Shillong, November 6: Former MLA of Nongshken constituency, Bah Donkupar Massar, who is also the NPP candidate from Ranikor constituency in the 2018 MLA election, has denied rumors that he will campaign for the NPP in Pynursla and Shella constituencies in the party's election campaign rallies.
The group has decided to build the house on 10th November, 2022 and started the construction again the following month under the leadership of Bah Pynbitlang Nongkhlaw. this house and dedicate it to this family.
The complaint was lodged at Williamnagar Police Station.
Khimusniang beat Umshangiar by 282 runs in the Under-19 Boys Tournament held at Jrisalein Chutwakhu Stadium, Jowai on Monday.
The whole reason is the Government.
The CM also expressed his gratitude to Tomar for the promise of the Agriculture and Farmer's Welfare Department in this regard.
On the 12th, the Rangbah Shnong of Dongsurok, Bah CS Marbaniang, accompanied by former MLA of Sohra, Bah Titos W Chyne, met with the electricity distribution authorities of MeECL. bring electricity back to the village.
Our state Meghalaya is surrounded by Assam and Bangladesh which are the worst affected areas by the coronavirus.
Declining to comment on the BJP's corruption allegations, Conrad said, “If I spend time to answer the allegations, I will not have time to fulfill my duties”.
Adding to his speech, u Bah Gigur Myrthong, said that this day is a special day to welcome the new supporters who have joined the NPP party. The party has been hopeful that in the 2023 elections, the party will reach the goal of victory. through the right hand and left hand of the people from all over the world.
Mawlai MLA Brightsterwell Marbaniang on the 22nd while taking part in the Question Hour, raised the issue of the government's ban on buses from Motphran. The poor people especially of Mawlai Constituency who use buses for their commute due to the low fare.
In the letter, these leaders also expressed the hope that the government should respect the will of the people of the region as it is for the benefit of the people. :Many villages on the border of Ri Bhoi district have to pass through the Assam road because the Meghalaya government has not built the road even though the Dorbar Shnong has donated the land.
He concluded his speech by wishing all the VOs to continue in their work with love, understanding, hard work and to avoid the struggle to win in the anything anything.
Regarding the internal road, he said that the government has provided more than 1 KM of colored road and as it is a large village with about 900 households, only 1KM has not been completed. to address the problems related to roads.
The prize money of T.10,000 and T.7,000 tyngka along with a trophy for the winner and runner-up was awarded by Bah Aron Bamon, one of the leaders of the area. SBSA President Victor Suja, Rimi Shadap, General Secretary and other members of the SBSA. Akash Lamurong of Krem Myrsiang and Damehitre War of Ever Young FC won the Player of the Tournament award. The league is organized by the Amlarem Sub Division Sports Association (ASSA).
On this occasion, the NSS unit of the college in collaboration with the staff conducted a cleanliness drive on the campus despite the natural disaster.
Therefore, the government's allocation of funds to improve and clean up this road has been a great blessing to the people.
Madhav said the BJP will announce its candidates after the visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the 16th of this month.
The Union also discussed the suspension of the Village Administration Bill which is a Bill to empower the Dorbar Shnongs within the boundaries of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council. Rule yourself.
Nongjrong is a famous village in attracting tourists for the beauty of the sunrise in the morning on the clouds in the Wah Umngot area which surrounds the village. .
Trump, who studied finance and real estate, spoke about the subject of science in an interview with reporters yesterday.
In his speech, MLA Wailadmiki Shylla congratulated the Contractors Association for helping the government to implement the works related to the development of the constituency. the whole state.
This was announced by Bah A.Lanong, Deputy Director, Shillong.
As it turns out, it is said that the continuation of these problems has been due to the stinginess of the central government which has not been able to control or enforce against the exploiters who have increased and increased the number of violence. conflicts.
Until now, the Law Kyntang has no exact boundary and the allegation that he has issued NOC to build Par Maw in the Law Kyntang is not grounded, because near the Law Kyntang. However, there are still other Par Maws and the question that arises here is why they oppose only this one Par Maw, but the other neighboring Par Maws do not have any opposition, which makes it difficult. that there may be nothing behind it, he said.
He expressed his satisfaction that there are many women who have passed MCS and this shows that women are capable of taking over the post of Khadar.
Who else will be responsible if sorrow and evil arise in the future?3
The eye treatment was held at Kiang Nangbah Govt.
In the afternoon, the Deputy CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem as the chief guest in the presence of Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, teachers and students. with others.
"It's not Niakha..." said Rida.
In this state there is a place for all the singers who have their own talents.
Before this match, only Mulait and Niaw Wasa United had been able to defeat Rangdajied.
Lakhimpur Police under the leadership of the new SP of the area – Anand Mishra have launched heavy raids against gangs involved in gold and illegal smuggling. In the last 48 hours, 32 robbers have surrendered to the police.
Shillong: The Rot Association of Meghalaya (RAM), an organization for sex workers, has lodged a complaint with the police.
Shillong: All India Congress Committee (ANC) Spokesperson Tom Vaddakan on Tuesday alleged that the political parties in the state are close friends with the BJP and accused them of being like Judas.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said that the allegation by the TMC leader, Dr. Mukul Sangma is the most difficult to prove any allegation.
Shillong, Lber : The Social Welfare Department in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Commission for Women on Thursday conducted an awareness program for members of the Police Department and NGOs on the issue of equality between men and women and on violence against women at the Conference Hall, KJP Assembly, Shillong.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, out of these 112 new cases, 1494 are still sick or active cases in the State.
The DC has allowed the party to hold a march but has not provided traffic police, said a statement from the party.
On the other hand, the Congress today said that to expose many corruption cases in MeECl from its house, it demands that they should hand over the investigation to the CBI. He said that as the opposition, those in charge have exposed many illegal activities and irregularities in many departments whether it is in the electricity department, in the corruption in rice, whether in the forest department or in the taxation department and others.
When asked why he lost in the 2018 elections, HDR said that overconfidence on his part led to his defeat.
When the news came out that the disease had started to resurface, there was no more anxiety and this is what we have done, give reassurance, we have advised the people to learn how to live with this and to be who are prepared for what will happen later if any disease strikes.
The incident happened on the 15th of March 2013 while the youth and another woman identified as Balajied Nongrang, 14, were cutting wood from the forest near the village in the morning. The young man suggested that he go to a river but the young woman refused.
The Dorbar Shnong Pammanik has announced that it has banned the passage of coal trucks from the village road due to the poor condition of the road.
“We expect that by April this year we will be able to start working on the new Secretariat and we hope that within three years we will be able to complete many of the works.
KSU Laban Circle under the auspices of Laban Police Station, raided the Shelter Home and seized injection equipment and plastic tubes containing drugs.
In the same year, 2018, the 22-year-old was included in the senior team and played for the club until
“In this regard, it was said that it is the Election Commission (EC) that will take the final decision.
The program was enriched by various songs and dances by the students.
Not only that, after becoming the Executive Engineer in Nongstoin, he was involved in awarding tender to his brother under the Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Gram Jyoti Yojana scheme, to provide electricity to the rural areas.
She urged the NGOs to visit schools and teachers to raise awareness on the dangers of drugs.
Some MLAs from Nongpoh and Mawlai have decided to join the UDP while three others including the MLA from Shillong West, Rambrai and Shillong East are preparing to contest. The political situation has become increasingly turbulent after the MLAs who left the Trinamool Congress have started to join other parties whether it is the BJP or the UDP.
According to a letter sent by the DKNRH to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, which was also sent to the Symbud Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, there is a serious error in the writing, “The This shows that you are no longer the owner of the land.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Promeyoo Khongjirem, one of the youths of Pynursla area, said that in Wahkhen, the households who used to get poor electricity, who used only two bulbs, the bill of electricity reached T .15 spah to T.2 thousand in the past month.
Treiborlang R Suchen said that many youths have lost hope of getting jobs in this age and this action of GVK has discouraged more and more youths from looking for jobs in this age and this has led to change. young people to the wrong path in their lives.
He said the government has set up a task force headed by the Deputy Commissioner in which various departments need to work to curb the entry of foreigners into the state.
Meanwhile, the BJP has slammed the Congress government for failing to implement the NGT order on the ban on coal mining in the state. goddess of beer.
Others present include the Chief Executive Officer of NEOG 2022 and Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Cyril VD Diengdoh IAS and Director of Sports and Youth Affairs, Shivansh Awasthi IAS. , Social & Cultural Youth Organization Shillong on Saturday celebrated the Silver Jubilee of the 25th Anniversary of Mawmer. Seat was the chief guest in the presence of Bah Gabriel Wahlang MDC Nongstoiñ, Bah Bormanding Nonglang President Samla Deborland Kharsyntiew. Siejlieh, Bendrowell Hashah Secretary Siejlieh Sports, Social and Cultural Youth Organization and other elders of the area including Congress workers.
This is to set up the voice of the leaders who have a voice to speak on the issues and health issues in the state to cover up their illegal activities and corrupt rule. added Mr. George.
After that, he said, he started with herbal medicines and this too he started himself and then he gave it to other people and in this field too his business has been successful.
“We don't know why the central government is delaying to implement this demand of the residents of Meghalaya,” he added.
He said that if he is elected as a leader, he will work for the welfare of the people.
At the same time, he said that there have been no complaints that there will be no polling stations in the entire constituency.
"P.Sainath also said, "The greater the misery of the people, the greater the income of the merchants and the stock exchange.
factories in Byrnihat, 52 factories in Byrnihat have polluted the village because we don't get jobs, if we get timing and Since DR Mukul and Ardent in 2012, these are the highest salaries in these years.
During the inspection by Mawphor around Shillong, it was witnessed that almost all the ATMs have no money and are not working.
He said that the government has completely changed the policies that the MUA government has introduced such as MGHIS and many Missions.
The union and the village leaders have made it clear that this is the last time they will visit this road if the contractors do not take care of the union and the village leaders will take a strong decision. Lamdaki Myrchiang, Publicity Officer of the Lamdaki Myrchiang Youth Association.
The prize money for the men will be T.30,000 for the winner, T.20,000 for the second place and T.10,000 for the third place team.
Mawphor, during a visit to the offices of various departments in the Lachaumiere area and IGP Point, found that there is a shortage of government employees.
Election campaign themes should be clear so that the people can understand.
Sadly, they are not ashamed to tell the truth that they are Lyngngam.
" Panah said, "Oh, how...!" Now Rida understood what Panah had in his heart as she had thought and as her friends had said.
The Society will take responsibility for the tourists as well as those who come to do research and those who come to make documentary films. trekking, rock climbing, scuba diving, kayaking, paragliding, rafting, parachuting, hand gliding, gliding, paramotoring, hiking, caving, cycling, watching cultural programs and others related to tourism.
To become an engineer, you must pass BE, B.Tech, etc. To become a doctor, you must first pass Doctor.
Since that day, the body of the man has not been found and it was not until Saturday, 15th June 2023 that the police arrived at the village to burn the body at the bottom. cliff.
The final was organized by the Youth Union of Mot Ar2 FC and was also attended by the Matabor of the Youth Committee, Bah Venus Khongthohrem, who was also the chief guest at the final along with the witnesses. final from their respective teams.
“The people should judge for themselves the speech of the person who has been appointed as the general secretary of the AITC party, because all the speeches are childish,” he said.
From school children to busy workers need the support of the Internet to complete their work.
It is also said that the Khan wants to have more daughters than sons, which is the wish of the Khan.
Today, the KHADC leaders have called a meeting with the chief executives to discuss this issue.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The meeting of APSTA and AMPSTA with the Director of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) ACH Marak regarding their demand was successful after they received clarification on the demand.
Shillong: U Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, in the presence of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly and other Ministers, today inaugurated the new district, which has been named 'Eastern West Khasi Hills' Hills', which is divided into the West Khasi Hills.
According to him, the colleges in the State have now been able to choose to join the State University instead of NEHU. of Technical but will also include other departments,” he said.
The KSU Wapung Unit would like to thank the leaders and office bearers of Moopynïein who have welcomed the KSU to hold a successful tournament at their village ground.
The real drama will be long and terrible to watch in the coming days just because of Israel and the city of Jerusalem, the world will even use nuclear bombs to attack Israel the small country.
The event was sponsored by the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs, the Government of Meghalaya, and Indian Kayaking in collaboration with the Canoeing Association (IKCA).
Under Secretary Gopesh Kumar in a letter said that the UGC has already approved the request of the Nagaland government through the NTA to allow colleges with contracts in the country. States to take admission in the usual manner by postponing the implementation of CUET for the year 2024-2
They also said that the increasing number of lights has affected the students who have been injured from time to time.
Among the letters brought by these groups was a letter brought by the three persons who were arrested by the police and in this letter it was mentioned that the Sordar had called the dorbar on the 4th of On the 1st of July, besides the documents to show the police investigation, a document was also issued to show the license of the Lyngdoh to issue patta kyiad to the Pyrsi kyiad producers in the village. there are up to 11 rules.
We must ensure that we will not leave halfway in the implementation of any of these projects and to ensure that there will be cooperation to make Meghalaya reach the $10 billion economy target,” he added.
According to my experience, people look at three parts of an election, the party, the candidate and the money.
“Coke factories which have received only a clearance certificate from the Single Window Agency (SWA) cannot build factories or produce coke,” the DC said in a statement.
Shillong, Nailar 14 : The Union Agriculture Ministry has approved the request of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to allow all the students of the state to study at the Central. CAU Imphal but those who had to flee the state due to ethnic violence to continue their studies at CAU Campus Kyrdemkulai, Ri Bhoi District.
Tura, Naitung 20 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited the Jackfruit Mela 2022 at SMELC, Dakopgre.
While the HYC members were standing along the road to shout their slogan against the Prime Minister, the police on patrol took away the flags and placards from the members of the HYC. the strength of each other.
The program was organized by the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (MACS).
Doctors, VDP Amlarem who are the leaders in the fight against COVID-19 and an elderly man Froveling Pakynteiñ were also honoured. Amladkhur, a certified mountaineering instructor who has entered the Guinness Book of World Records and Dapmon Tariang of Jarain who has completed the AFC B Diploma Football Coach.
The competitors are Rounak Nongrum, Adarsh ​​Joshi, Bijon Dey, Himan C Phukan, Manish K Rai and Lerry G Sangma.
Therefore, the women also demanded that if they are willing to give up all their property and family to them, they are also willing to give up their blood to do the sai ryntih.
Iran scored their last goal from the penalty spot in the 90+13 minutes, which was the final minute of the match.
The most terrible thing for man is the Second Death (in hell).
On the other hand, the teachers of NEHU, have strongly opposed the proposal of the incumbent VC to make the Council independent and to continue as VC of NEHU. The Congress Legislative Party (MDA) today said that under the rule of the MDA government, many of the government corporations, such as MeECL, Shillong Municipal Board and Speaking to media, Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said it is sad to see that the employees of government corporations have had to leave the country. to fight for their own rights.
However, this bill has not yet applied to those who have Dkhar households.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Bah Ardent said that on the 18th of this month, he went to Maikuli village to take part in one of the meetings convened by the leaders of this village. of the MDA government regarding these lands which they intend to give (fish farm) to Assam and the land which they intend to take (Lum Jingtep) from Assam.
Another issue that the party has reminded the MLAs is that they should strictly observe the rules and regulations regarding the TA/DA and the committee fees when they are members of any committee of the party. the Assembly.
Earlier, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Revenue Dr RC Laloo said that 17 land owners including the land of the Army who have been affected by the land acquisition for the construction of the airport at Umroi have not received their land. came chess to claim land.
God says, “They have deceived my people, saying, Peace; but there is no peace; when one buildeth a wall, they cover it with unclean mortar" Ezekiel 13:9-1
“I thank God Banisha, Peter that the Lord loves my family so much,” said the mother. “Peter, son, listen carefully to my words of advice and appreciate them especially when you are still in the middle of the battle of life,” said the mother and looked at her son. Hooid, to mei" said PeterCHAPTER – 2One day while Peter was on his way to work as a house builder in a nearby village he met a man who was a contractor who knew his father well. his.
Superintendent of Police (Traffic), Bikram D Marak said that this is the beginning of an attempt to see how much it will help the traffic jam in Shillong especially in the Khyndailad area.
It's a tough competition and I'm fortunate to play all season in this championship,” said Jaden.
“The people have voted for the BJP with the expectation of change and an end to corruption and we stand firm on what we have done during the elections against corruption.
The union strongly requests its members to ban the drivers of any trucks from driving on these roads.
The court has given the commission time to respond tomorrow on its decision against the two political leaders.
The nomination papers will be submitted to the Multipurpose Hall, DC Office, Mawkyrwat on the 8th June, 2023 at 1 pm for inspection. The election of a candidate or a representative of a candidate or an agent of a candidate who has received written permission from the candidate shall notify or deliver to one of the above officers at the office before the election. 3 pm on the 10th June, 2023 and for those who will contest the election the counting of votes will be on the 27th June, 2023 from 7 pm to 4 pm.
The cause of the suicide is not yet known but police are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the suicide.
The EM of Trade from KHADC, Bah Gigur Myrthong, gave a speech and explained on the rules that foreigners have to follow when they come to set up businesses. The delay in obtaining the trading license may be due to the lack of documents to submit to the Council.
The death toll in Brazil rose by 407 to 3,313, while the death toll in the United States rose to 3,176 in the past 24 hours. The death toll from the disease in the country has risen to 50,000, according to the Johns Hopkings University.
They are Sushil Baruah who works as Warder, Pranab Kr.
He said that the companies not only received a lot of assistance but also destroyed the environment and the union strongly opposed this before the minister.
The program was attended by Mr.H Shadap, Waheh Shnong Barato as the chief guest. .
When Cain married the woman of Satan in the land of Nod, the wickedness increased.
I tried to write in the oldest English newspaper in Meghalaya, but no one published my explanation about the smart meter. wow tip that.
Earlier, Bah Adelbert, while raising the issue, said it was a shame for the state when two central government officials while campaigning in Tura, Dalu and Rangsakhona, alleged that Meghalaya It is the most corrupt state.
Meghalaya has the most unique ethnic cleansing system in the world.
She said that many steps have been taken to strengthen the health facilities and various schemes implemented across the country including Meghalaya.
The office of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima with the assistance of the Meghalaya government has been able to organize this successful programme.
He said the district council would protect if the BJP-led central government implements the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016, which aims to make India Hindu.
In response to this question, the youths said that if any of these four candidates wins, they should bring about change in this area which is lagging behind in all aspects. especially for the education, income generation and also for the community in this area.
She said that the National Legal Services Authority (NALSA) has given the rights to transgender people.
In a field affected by the disease, rice should not be planted for three or four years.
Shillong, Lber, 21: Police in Ribhoi District on Friday released a video of a mobile phone conversation between the Military Commander of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC). Sanbor Pala, who ordered one of those arrested in the seizure of an IED bomb in Ribhoi recently.
Karan Johar and Kiron Kher were the judges of India's Got Talent and Karan was seen pulling Kiron Kher's feet because she covered her head with a tuppia, which was donated by one of the judges. Kiron asked Karan why he didn't cover his head with the donation and Karan said, “You agree, I don't. No".
The Di Iah Ryntihlang Fishing Welfare Association (DIRFWA), Jarain has warned against anyone who intends to damage or kill the fish by using pesticides or bombs along the Umngot River. Near the village of Jarain.
These include five TMC, five Congress and four VPP members. In the Government, there should be no ruling party and no opposition party.
An access section was built into the neighborhood due to excessive wear and tear.
I don't want to say anything about the judgment of this judge but it is up to the lawyers who stand to defend the accused including the CEM and the editors of the newspapers,” said Bah Kynta.
This makes it possible for drinkers to also become sellers.
The residents of the area have also requested the state government through the PWD department to take action and repair the road as soon as possible to facilitate traffic.
Bapli has not forgotten that it is the BJP itself that wants to transform India as a Hindi Bhasha and a Hindu Rashtra.
The conversation is slow, because the conversation is based on many thoughts sitting on the chairs.
In the final match of the tournament, Shillong College Higher Education defeated Nongbsap Secondary School by 4 points. 3 through the skills of the players.
Such incidents cause a lot of trouble, especially to those poor families, who cannot afford to go to Shillong, because it is not easy for them to take them to Shillong.
A case has been registered against them under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
These 217 cases include 193 males and 24 females.
Dongmi Surong scored the second goal in the 48th minute and Rishot Dkhar in the 70th minute.
The MIPRL condemns the violence, but said that the shooting of an unarmed protester who went to the police station in Lad Rymbai, has resulted in the deaths of two people. .
Leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) East Khasi Hills District, Diengiei Dorbar Pyllun and residents of Mawdun and Mawmih villages on Thursday visited the road. rathai and which also has parts that have been destroyed when they reached the Mawdun road.
However, their return today may have been due to a mutual understanding between the Meghalaya and Assam government officials.
“He said the bike came, he refused the car, it was the minister,” said his father.
Thus, in just three months, 3,54,000 people have committed suicide worldwide.
Meanwhile, James K Sangma told Rijiju about the darkness of the members of the dissolved ANVC and ANVC (B) because the government of Mukul Sangma has made promises but has not been able to fulfill them. .
This happened also because the houses of the elders and the lyndans in those shlem korbar kam were invaded by foreign nations, and the indigenous people were still too many.
He is also the MLA of Mawshynrut who has just won the MLA election 2018 and will now contest the MDC election from this constituency.
The allocation of 81,21,54,400/- is for 9 departments of the Council and will be only for these three months from 1st June to 30th June. July 2020.
Regarding these allegations, the 38 rangbah have sent a letter to the EM incharge of the Elaka to request him to ensure that the Khadar rule will be in accordance with the customs and traditions of the ancestors.
The death of Bah Rana, comes two days after the death of Bah R Waroh Pde, one of the greatest singers of Ri Khasi.
In the second half, Risingsun Mukhla beat Mookynphad Mihmyntdu 5-0. Melvin Lyngdoh scored the goals in the 17th and 39th minutes, Nathan Suna in the 61st and 61st minutes. Pynyoo Bang in the 69th minute and Chembun Suna in the 70th minute.
The ability to lose weight is not just about gym workouts.
In this regard, the village workers should also take action and monitor whenever there is a road construction in their village.
They also replied that they should be encouraged to work hard, go to school, study and train in various fields to progress, to get jobs and longhhain, not to lag behind, be despised and ruled by others. community.
Meanwhile, the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of India (PCI) has expressed its regret over the incident in Manipur which has affected the residents.
To talk more about this, Rupang wanted to talk to the Doctor Incharge of the CHC and when asked for the phone number of M.Iawbor, the Sister Incharge said that she has no right. She directed the journalist that if she wants to meet the Doctor Incharge, she should go to his clinic, as he is currently treating people at his personal clinic.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 234 new cases have been confirmed and 2075 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
Parking spaces for the service on the 12th will be at Madan Lyngktop near the Public Service and also in the squares around Mawphlang Village near the service.
“You are a judge, you don't speak English,” said the CJI and the Additional District Judge said that he doesn't speak English.
This happened at midnight on Monday when the robbers were sitting inside the vehicle and shot at the occupants of the other vehicle and after that they fled the scene. he dep shot.
Speaking to media, Bah Amazing said that the reason for his support for this protest is because he has a responsibility for the people and thus he puts behind the political parties and put the nation first.
“ITI is one of the training institutions which has brought benefits and helped a lot to the youth of the area and the district as a whole to stand on their own feet after completing the training, the government should ensure that “It's a good idea to provide all the necessary facilities at the training centre,” said Sainborlang Suchiang, Publicity Secretary of Thadlaskein.
Shillong: There have been 211 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 375 recoveries and 2 deaths.
On this occasion, the Superintending Engineer of MeECL, M Patlong, said that he would take action to discuss with the authorities.
Belinda's brother-in-law said that she has not received any information until morning as she lives in Bhoi and her mother lives in Nongrah.
The General Secretary of the UDP, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, said that the meeting has discussed these issues and has held many meetings in these days to discuss the policy which has been in place for 51 years. got the state.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 15: The farmers of West Khasi Hills, have urged the State Government to take action for the farmers. Many of the farmers are still supporting themselves to save and improve their agriculture.
He said that the JAC cannot accept the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act 2021 because it was recognized during the time of Covid 19 without fulfilling and following the necessary duties. However, the Act was introduced to bring it back in line with the traditional games of the state such as shooting, cow slaughter, puh syiar and others which have existed since ancient times.
Speaking on the role of journalists in society and in the Legislative Assembly, Alvi said that the news is an important part of disseminating information to the people especially when there are many discussions and who is in the Dorbar.
The DSO office has requested all schools in Eastern West Khasi Hills District who wish to take part in this tournament to collect the registration forms from DSO Office, West Khasi Hills District on working days.
On 30th March, Bless Dkhar, President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) East Khasi Hills District, was arrested on charges of extorting money from passing trucks. the bridge of Umiam.
She congratulated the NEAU management, Dr.P.Bhaggien, Vice Chancellor, staff and students for their willingness to come forward to conduct this blood donation. they.
Bajop said their visit to meet the government authorities is as an information and preparation before the second border settlement with Assam starts.
The Vice Chancellor agreed with the demand of the union and promised that NEHU will give special opportunities to Khasi students who apply for various jobs and who can complete them. NEHU does not require these rules.
He said that after they handed over to the Customs, the vehicle he was driving is still in the custody of the army.
This order shall not apply to the employees of the Jowai Municipal Board.
Besides, this region needs more MPs in Delhi so that their voice can be heard when they speak and demand what is right,” said Rakkam.
He said the MIPF and the Executive Committee have decided to convey their demands because as an organization that cares for the indigenous people of Bri u Hynniew Trep.
Shekhar Das Secretary Matri Sangha said that these dogs used to come out only in the evening and early in the morning to enter the road. her children were attacked by these same dogs.
He suggested that small media outlets should work together to overcome the challenges.
She made a memorable appearance in the 2014 SAFF Championships, where she scored 16 goals in just three games.
Mahanandia will travel 70 kilometers a day and started his journey on 22nd July,
In this regard, the Seng said that the surrounding of the transformer is necessary for the safety of the residents and especially the children who pass through this area. The Publicity Secretary of West Jaintia Hills, Yomiki Passah, said that the party will take immediate action against the party.
Producer Kangkan Deka for the Assamese film Upasharga and Janardhan Patowary, sound design for the Assamese film Xobdo-Nixobdo-Kolahol.
It is amazing to fast for 10 days, without food but only with water and confirmed by the doctors who gave the report.
KHNAM through the statement also warned the nationals and foreigners who violate the 6th Scheduled Act and especially the foreigners to be vigilant and refrain from their illegal activities.
However, we have seen trucks coming from West Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills carrying coal but the trucks have been covered with tarpal plastic.
Dear readers, what will you and I do in this new year for ourselves, for our fellow human beings and for God who has always cared for and blessed us? Let us take the example set by Zacchaeus if we want Jesus to visit our homes.
The vehicle and the thief have been handed over to Ladrymbai Police Station and are being investigated.
A student of Class-XI at St. Edmund's Higher Secondary School, Shillong was on his way home when he fell from the other side of the road near Don Bosco Technical School in Laitumkhrah. He was hit by a Scooty and sustained serious injuries to his leg and head on the 24th of this month.
On the other hand, the candidate said that they have already elected other office bearers and members. , has already met with them and invited them to the meeting, but they did not attend the meeting and said that their actions are a blessing to the party, because those who have They didn't have the cooperation from the beginning, they didn't have the intention to support it, because they had the intention to support another party. I don't lose hope for the departure of those members and I don't feel anything because since the beginning they haven't participated in the party. The President of the NPP-East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Seiborlang Shadap, who is an MDC, said, “After the news of the resignation of the party members from the district, I have resigned as the party members from the district. The President of the NPP East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Emlangki Lamare, said that the party will continue to work hard for the party and expect the party to grow from time to time. He said that the departure of those members from the party is only for their own personal reasons, not for the sake of the candidate and not for the sake of the party. and it shall not affect the candidate.
It is on this theme that Maitshaphrang has performed the drama, “Papa Where Are You” which is now available on Youtube.
spirit is long khasi.
Shillong: The State Government has decided to involve churches as part of its fight against drugs in the State and has allocated T.10 crore per annum for this fight.
In this regard, I am writing this letter with a sad heart to see that the residents are no longer following the rules regarding wearing masks, keeping a distance from each other and washing hands as taught and ordered by the Ministry of Health.
In fact, a copy of the budget speech had already been received to read and mark the necessary points but for the first time, it was refused by the Council staff despite the go and ask for their understanding.
Speaking to reporters, Bah David Kurbah, one of the residents of Lawbyrwa, said that the incident in the village has allegedly started since the appointment of Bah Rijied Kharkrang as Rangbah. new village.
The remuneration to the Chairman, Co-Chairman, and others of any Council/Committee/Commission shall be made only after reviewing their performance as appointed.
The angel said to Mary, the mother of Jesus: “Holy spirit will come upon you, and power of the Most High will overshadow you.
Denmark, Switzerland, USA, Korea, France and Germany are the prominent countries whose athletes are expected to play well to win medals.
Thousands of years mark the days of childhood.
As soon as Shah announced the decision, there was a stir in the Rajya Sabha, where the opposition stood in the middle of the House. , as an opposition and obstruction of the intention of the Government of India.
For Gram Panchayats with more than 5000 residents, the villages can receive T.45 per capita and T.660 for the same purposes.
Speech was also delivered by the former Secretary of MCA Th.
On the fourth day of the programme, the Branch Manager of Meghalaya gave an explanation on the schemes and loans related to the benefits that farmers can get from the Banks recognized by the Government. Rural Bank Jowai Branch
In this regard, they strongly request the new Executive Committee of KHADC to take action to fight against this issue for the benefit of the people and to avoid tyranny.
In the inter house competition, Yellow House won the trophy as Champion in Sports, Green House won the Most Discipline Team, while Yellow House came first in the March Pass and The Green House came back.
This was seen on the night of the 25th of this month, after the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) Sengkmie, led by its President Bah Bandary Ryntathiang, conducted an inspection of the weighbridge. Speaking to reporters, Bah Bandary Ryntathiang, who is also part of the protest against the illegal movement of trucks carrying over the border and violating the rules of the NGTH, said. The reason for the inspection was to seize those trucks which carry too much coal, because according to the information received by the union, many of the trucks carrying coal They violate the NGT rules by passing through the weighbridge.
“...And it came to pass the day after, that he went into a city called Nain...And the dead man was the firstborn of a... widow...When the Lord saw her, he had compassion on her, mercy to her...Jesus said, “Young man, I say unto thee, Arise.
“They will fight for life and death to bring back Block I and Block II to Meghalaya.
A Khasi almanac has also been published which contains market days across the country.
The closure of these roads leading to the residence of these people, has affected the traffic jam in Shillong and he is also concerned about the health of the people. dwell in the city, in that place.
The meeting was led by the President of MPUF Ri Bhoi, Bah Jackson Sohtun, the President of HITO Umden Area, Bah Marius Mallai. In this meeting with the PWD Officer, Bah M.Pyrbot, the two organizations also submitted a petition to convey the concerns of the people about the deterioration of the road. you have to turn your face to clean up the road.
There are now 15,69,743 confirmed cases, 1,25,47,866 confirmed cases and 1,74,308 deaths.
Genesis 19:27-28.
He said that the weapons were hidden by Sohan by burying them underground and because he saw Sohan's places on Durama Hill, they took them and brought them together at the time of the surrender. sun.
The sudden storm last night in the villages on the border of Meghalaya and Assam, has caused severe damage to several villages in the area. loss of up to 4 lives.
“In such areas, all state governments should take action and responsibility to provide assistance to the people especially to those families who have been severely affected.
" This means that hundreds of tourists should not be allowed to come in one day to any sightseeing spot.
The film is scheduled to start shooting in the rainy months of this year and could be released by
The robbers also stole a Rural Public Transport (ML 04 C 4806) vehicle.
Shillong, Naitung: The recruitment of young men from all districts of Meghalaya and four districts of Assam (Sonitpur, Bishwanath, Nagaon and Morigaon) has been announced. (Technical), Agniveer Tradesmen will be held from 27th November 2022 to 10th March 2022 at Manekshaw Stadium, 8 Gorkha Training Centre, Happy Valley, Shillong.
On this occasion, it is understood that the opposition will make arrangements to hold a vote to determine who will win.
There is no need to extend Aadhaar to Aadhaar because many have explained about it in different ways.
From the VPP, only the MLA from North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, stayed until the end.
Speaking on the occasion, Lajong coach Alison Kharsyntiew praised the good performance of the players and hoped that tomorrow they will score a full point.
When the people asked him who was selling clothes in front of the shop, he replied that he did not own the shop, but the neighbors said that he was the one who lived there. just lie.
At the same time, on the price of textbooks, he said that the price of textbooks should be exactly the same as the price printed on the book.
These are also illegal in that not only the seller but also the buyer should be blamed.
Bah Tynsong said that in the fourth phase, the cleaning will start from the end of the Wahingdoh to the Jaiaw Pyllun Dorbar Hall.
The injured man was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital on Tuesday night after being shot dead at about 10:00 pm.
Nongrem continued his question by saying that if so, he wants to know the reason and Bah Ardent in his reply to the table of the House, said that the it is his own personal understanding.
It is true that a good conscience has died.
He said that political power is the strongest and without it, it is difficult to fight against others.
However, most of the Kharmetor, who are women, have sat down and carried placards to protest against the government's plan to evict them from the area.
“The residents should ask why education has declined, why teachers have to go out on the streets all the time, why youths don't get jobs, what is the government's rules? for the youth who have completed their studies,” he said.
Nonglang said that although the Congress does not have former MLAs who are more skilled and knowledgeable in the way of working, it is hoped that the new candidates will win and become more experienced. All the new candidates are qualified in the field of education.
In order to make agriculture more efficient, the Agriculture Department trains and encourages farmers from time to time to send for soil testing.
He was buried today at the Catholic Cemetery in Pynthorumkhrah.
Children are at the forefront of suffering from time to time.
This person has been able to cheat and deceive the women of the village by going to the village authorities to allow him to do this inside the village, the village with the intention of a good work has allowed him to do this work, but it has been a work of writing thanksgiving.
Dr. FL Lyngkhei who spoke on the need for ear tagging, identification and registration.
He said they left Shillong at 10 pm and went straight to Lad Rymbai PS to meet the police. “It's not like we're going to talk to the police, we're going to talk to the police after Kong Agnes received a complaint that there are many trucks carrying coal illegally,” said the driver. it was the incident before Agnes and her friend were shot.
When asked, Dr Mukul said, “What is my view in the past months against the Congress leaders? I have already expressed it and now it is no longer for me to judge what happened in the Congress. party Congress because we have seen only the incident in the INC”.
Speaking to reporters, Latiplang Kharkongor said that these UDA MDCs have come to support the UDF EC because they want the KHADC to end the conflict. It will start working as soon as possible because the people are the ones who are suffering.
The arrested suspect was identified as Deiborlang Sutnga, 32, of Sutnga Pohshnong, East Jaintia Hills.
The strike by the meat farmers to buy cows was to express their opposition to the KHADC and the Hima Mylliem for not allowing them to conduct the examination and clean the cows.
He said the BJP Meghalaya will meet the Chief Minister of Assam Sarbananda Sonowal who is also the party leader on this issue.
Dasakhiat Lamare will hold the post of Coming and Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar will hold the post of Legal Metrology, Public Health Engineering and Secretariat Administration Department.
Purno said his decision to return to politics was necessary.
Today, five Chief Ministers from different states met Rahul Gandhi and expressed their disapproval of him to resign from the post of President of the party.
Nongpoh: An elderly woman from Ampata village, Jirang C&RD Block, has tested positive for Corona Virus or COVID-19, today. The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, has declared the neighboring villages to fall under the Containment Zone.
The Chairperson, DDMA, East Khasi Hills District, urges the public to be vigilant during the storm, rain, cold, wind and snow to avoid any tragic incident. The following are the instructions if you are outside your home or shelter : What you should do : To avoid fire when you are outside your home, the following are some instructions for safety and To avoid injuries: Not allowed: Not allowed: Not allowed Not allowed to leave: If you have any incident, please call the District Emergency Operations Center at 0364-2 /2502094 and also the State Emergency Operations Center at 0364-2
“We as the Union should work together and bring about the needs of the college and we don't want such people to defame the name of the college without consultation with all the students, we should understand We believe that the government will give enough time to propose to the students to fight for food security and we believe that the government will will seek to provide Adhar No. to all students.
After the outbreak of Covid-19 in the past two years, this year the Behdeiñkhlam festival will be held without any SOP of the government, said Challam.
Shillong, July 3 : A 15-year-old boy was shot dead by 10 unidentified robbers at 9.30 pm on Tuesday night. He was seriously injured and taken to hospital.
Therefore, the union urges the government to take immediate action to provide teachers in all subjects and also that the classrooms should be clean.
Ukraine has been under heavy attack by Russia in the past two days as fighting between the two countries continues to intensify in the city of Bakhmut.
Bah BF Kharwanlang, Advisor on behalf of the applicants, strongly criticized and requested that there should be adequate guidelines to send these applications in a timely manner and to be able to pay the food fee to the that former MDC.
He said that he wants to see that the farmers will be satisfied in all aspects so to avoid any problems of the farmers he has already talked to the Chief Minister to get more Bolero Pickups and to iTEAM1971 to facilitate the farmers in the event of any outbreak of the disease.
We have gone and seen a lot, but in the past, until now we have not said anything about the mining of uranium, because this is the work of the scientists, the power to mine is only in the Government. India.
Harshit Prasad scored 34 runs for the loss of three wickets in 12.2 overs while Dakchakra Marak scored 3/2
Through this campaign, officials from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, have been able to explain to the public, about the existence of people with mental disabilities who have taken their own lives without due process. for.
Taking part in the debate on the budget, Bah Pynshngain said, “The budget of this government is hopeless because there is no path, which without thinking.
“According to the Prime Minister, we will win a lot in this election.
construction of bridges, roads and footpaths, construction of ponds, dams, reservoirs, canals, various development projects and so on.
The DC, who heads the District Level Price Monitoring Committee, East Khasi Hills, said that a meeting has been convened to look into the price of mur in the market. price of the wall.
The ancient Jews highly esteemed freedom.
Cherity D Suja, General Secretary KSU Khliehriat Circle, East Jaintia Hills said that the meeting was to raise awareness among the people on the opposition to the CAA. and the demand for the immediate implementation of the ILP in the state as the threat to our minority after the Central Government has passed the CAA to grant citizenship to foreigners.
“I don't think it is necessary for me to tell the leaders in this state about this because they already know,” he said.
It is our fervent prayer that we may overcome with truth, righteousness and hope.
The deadline for receipt of applications is 5:00 pm on Saturday.
Ma Lahkmen Rymbui on Thursday said that the state government has received permission to start the 4 Year Integrated Teacher Education Programs at Kiang Nangbah Government College this season.
The Minister also shared photographs of himself with the ISA members through his social media platforms.
The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division has issued an order to temporarily close down Nongkhlaw CHC and Wahrit PHC following the confirmation of COVID-19 cases on Tuesday.
Shillong, July 21: Although the KSU, one of the most prominent political parties in the state, has been raising its voice against the railway line because it will attract foreigners, it has been learned that the survey of the railway line in The Byrnihat area is now in full swing.
HITO leaders including President Deibormi Rymbai and General Secretary Sokini Dkhar have pointed out these shortcomings in the DM&HO.
There was a lot of talk among the people because they didn't hear the tynghung well and some said that Bah Nit is too poor and doesn't have enough money to buy musical instruments.
“Individual initiatives and sustainable living decisions are essential to achieve the goal of sustainable energy transformation,” Singh said at MENA Climate Week.
Speaking on the occasion, Ronnie said the party is ready to raise issues including the issues of farmers, farmers, agriculture, uniform civil code, health, the new education policy and others.
Other sources said the People's Liberation Army (PLAAF) has brought back its fighter jets near Ladakh and the J-20s are flying well over the border. India and China, in parts of Ladakh.
On this occasion, Kong Lakyntiew Syiemlieh, on the part of the KSU, expressed her special thanks to the KSU for remembering to honor her on that day. She still wants to continue her Master Degree but due to poverty and age she has not been able to do anything besides teaching school. She also blessed the leaders of the party to continue their work. strongly in the work that they do in the society as a whole.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM), JHADC, Ma Thombor Shiwat said that to improve the management of the work of the council and to ensure that the rules and regulations of the council in various departments and to To protect the council from the evasion of council revenue, the executive committee will set up an Internal Audit Wings which will start operating from April 2023 headed by an Internal Audit Officer (IAO).
It is true that the Kashari District Councils need a Confirmation of Power from the Governor under para 5 of the Sixth Schedule but they do not need a notification from the CPC & CRPc to continue to function.
The State Level Committee shall select 5 (5) winners of the Award per annum throughout the State.
God helps us when we ask for wisdom to make the right choice and helps us when we need to make the right choice.
He said that the easiest way for these shops is to increase the price of goods, because until now in our state we have not been able to control the price of goods.
HANM said that line phone and internet are not available in many villages in East Jaintia Hills and this has created problems for the students to attend classes online.
“The smuggling of cattle is very serious but the blame should not go to the state government because the border is the responsibility of the central government which has deployed the BSF and other departments to look after this. ", said Gourab.
“On the other hand, the DC said that this order will continue until the situation returns to the city.
The Publicity Secretary of the HYC, Samla Markos R Marthong, said in a statement, “The HYC wishes all those who will take part in this day to raise their voices for the benefit of the nation as a whole. .
The HYC wants to see that the villages and lands of the Khasi Pnar Hima/Elaka should always fall under Meghalaya so that the boundary settlement will be peaceful and happy for the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep,” said the HYC. announcement.
Without far without Dar.
The Minister said the government has also provided assistance to the farmers to cultivate, sell and improve the distribution of agricultural products to be at par with the world.
The Election Commission has allowed us who have been accused to go to court and to announce to the public that there may be mistakes and shortcomings but we are their candidates.
The delegation led by Singh visited BK Bajoria College and Assam Public School, where they also received to talk and discuss with the students of these institutions.
On the other hand, the ARPA said it has not yet discussed whether it will nominate a candidate for the post of Deputy Chairman.
The EC will also decide that the Hima should put up a signboard explaining the order issued by the Hima Mylliem.
The purpose of this program is to raise awareness among the public about the schemes of NALSA and various schemes of all Government departments in the District, whether it is on child rights, protection of residents. to raise awareness of the right to serve low-income people in society and to ensure that access to justice and equality is available to all regardless of income any part.
Speaking to reporters after the suspension of operations in these factories, JAC President Samla Eveningstar Nongsiang said that the JAC which includes 8 Sengbhalang of Mawshynrut area together with the The Union of Village Authorities (UVV) has taken this step to suspend the operation of these factories after the owners did not listen to their request to close down.
He threatened to go to the White House if he does not apologize for this statement without knowing whether it is true or not.
This is also a step towards ensuring food safety at all sites.
However, if the mother is a Dkhar, she should not 'tangjait' to have a new end by starting 'Dkhar' or kar.
Due to the lack of a house, the government has had to spend T.25,000 per month to pay for the house and now it is learned that it is ready to build a house in Mawdiangdiang on an area of ​​up to 3 acres.
Replying to this, the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A. Sangma, denied these allegations and clarified that the appointment of A.Ali as Secretary of MSCTE is not against the kino-kino is the rule.
Also present on the occasion was Phidalia Toi, who founded the school for 25 years, along with the leaders of JACJH, which is fighting for the border of the state. Speaking at the meeting, Ms. Phidalia Toi said that the vision of JACJH under her leadership as General Secretary and also Mr. Kwor Suchiang as President of JACJH It was decided to establish this school to help the people of the area.
Sawkmie said that in the past, when the Congress was in power to fight for the resolution of the border between Assam and Meghalaya, the authorities used to They went to inspect the border areas, but it is due to the lack of attention from both sides, this issue has remained unresolved.
Speaking to media, Jairam Ramesh said that the Congress has worked hard and out of the 60 candidates, 47 are young and educated. Most of the mothers will contest from the Congress, and this gives great hope to the party that it will do well in this election.
On the other hand, HNYM West Jaintia Hills District said that when visiting the East Jaintia Hills District, we have seen the truth regarding the deterioration of this road and it is no longer safe for travelling. The people, especially the sick, came.
She said that it was after some people informed her that some people had stolen coal from the place where she had bought it and lodged a complaint with the Ejahar.
The land in the Sangriang area belongs only to the Iawren and Iawlar clans.
She said that from the first meeting with Bah Deng, he came to have a special love for her.
More than 400 men and women from three units of Mawlangwir, Nonglang and Mawkapiah units attended the dorbar.
“We are determined to fight back and continue the operation.
In the explanation, he said that for many years now there has been a delay in the preparation of bills for the consumption of electricity.
“Less than 10 percent of the population does not drink alcohol, while about 70 percent drink about 10 units of alcohol a day.
Members of the opposition parties did not return, which means that they did not want and did not have any issues to bring to the Dorbar.
Insisting that the NPP will win many victories in Manipur, Conrad said the reason why the people have started to accept the NPP is because the party has a thied in the party. Manipur and the North East.
Shillong: Four political parties including the KSU, HNYF, FKJGP and RBYF on Friday announced that if the state government continues to implement the entry gate into the state; These four organizations will go to Umling Ri Bhoi District to implement this gate.
While this writer was walking in the morning, it was seen that the cause of the accident was that a truck carrying stone, turned near the Petrol Pump to go to Iew Mawlong. Another truck stopped to pick up the stone, which fell from the vehicle and there, it blocked the traffic of vehicles going to Iew Mawlong, Civil Hospital. The reason for this is that there will be a heavy traffic jam, especially in the morning, when vehicles from all over the Khasi Hills are coming to enter the market.
On the other hand, the Adviser of UDP Mawlai Circle, Bah PT Sawkmie, who is also a former MLA of Mawlai, said that the UDP Mawlai Circle does not approve of this insult to the students by the authorities. they have no responsibility as guardians of the children.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, has not taken any action on the complaint of the party at the BJP meeting held on 31st November. 2021, at the Assam Club on Saturday.
In fact, the riti tangjait is not part of the traditional religion, but it is a riti that should be performed in the family by the longkñi lajong or from the kur ka jait.
The Chief Secretary of the State, Rebecca Suchiang, recently held a meeting to discuss the implementation of the Universal Service Obligation Fund (USOF) scheme which aims to provide internet to 1164 rural villages which do not yet have mobile network.
Police on receiving information about the incident rushed to the scene and investigated.
They teach ksing every evening and play all the Sing Niam skits.
He said that this has been informed to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah that development works should go through the Rangbah Shnong as this scheme of the central government intends to introduce like Panchayati Raj which is not in line with the rule of law in the country. you are in the state of Rilum.
“The Rangbah Shnong of Laban, Bah Edward Kharwanlang, has also encouraged and motivated the children to play well so that they can improve in the field of sports.
Without the national organizations, it would be dangerous for the people.
The tournament was attended by Sohra MLA Gavin Mylliem, Kyrmen Shylla, Damanbait Lamare, Hamletson Dohling, President of the Meghalaya Football Association, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem and other officials. MSOA General Secretary Finely L. Pariat, SSA office bearers and supporters from both the groups.
In an interview with this reporter, he said, “During my visit and when I talked to the people of this area, the people said that they did not get what they expected. the road to Gigur Myrthong.
On the other hand, the state government has deployed the SRDF including police, fire brigade and boats.
He said it is a very old house and a wooden house inhabited by Biharis and Bengalis.
“Besides this, many other development schemes have not been able to be implemented in these border villages,” said Jana. You can't skud jak in this state and you can't do it.
Ms Ilasiew said that this shows the richness of the traditional food of this area.
The KSU West Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) has honored Teimiki Sungoh from Shangpung village who came first in the Advance Mountaineering Courses held at the Himalayan Mountaineering Institute Darjeeling.
The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board today directed the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District to close down 15 pollution control plants within 14 days. The Coke factory is located in Shallang.
The two climbers have completed the Basic Mountaineering Course from the National Institute of Mountaineering and Allied Sports (NIMAS) which was held in October 2022 with Grading “A” which is the highest achievement in mountain climbing training and has been able to participate in the training journey in Darjeeling which requires physical fitness and experience and confidence to become a mountaineer.
“Even among the religious differences, there is unity and cooperation.
“We will contest for the GHADC election, but the UDP has not yet decided who and how many seats we will put forward,” said Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary, UDP. He also said that the UDP leaders will soon meet in Shillong and Garo Hills to discuss the election.
When asked what happened to the decision of the Cabinet on 19th November 2021 to revive MCCL through a Joint Venture with private companies, the Minister said, “We want to do a Joint Venture but unfortunately we don't. did not receive satisfactory answers.
Shillong: U Vincent H Pala, the newly elected President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) and MP from Shillong, has said that he will not contest the MLA elections. The meeting will be held in
There have been many protests in the state because the Prime Minister does not want to resolve them properly but he is angry especially in the Garo Hills area where he leads.
“For ye are born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible, by the word of God, which liveth and abideth for ever. For all flesh is as grass, and all the glory of man as the flower of grass. the grass withers, the flower falls.
He said there were two bills for the elected committee, including the Khasi Inheritance of Property Bill,
Cleanliness also brings a positive and true attitude to the mind which can reduce the risk of many diseases or ailments in the body.
During the Sier Lapalang Operation, the HYC found that many of these foreign traders have not renewed their Trading License within the KHADC, although the deadline has expired. that they always use the old ones.
He said it is surprising that in these four villages in Umroi about 99% of the residents are farmers and who included Umroi four villages in the Census Town.
Please remind all the residents of the state to wear face masks and avoid public gatherings as directed by the government authorities. We must do something for the state to get rid of Corona. Thank you very much,Robin NongremMairang mission
The organizing committee of the gymnasium has requested all the participants not to drink any alcoholic beverages before entering the pool.
But you must work hard, avoid the sarong, lest you fall into the trap.
She said that they accept that the ASHAs are incentive employees of the NHM but what they are demanding now is that they are demanding from the State Government and not from the NHM. Other states like Sikkim pay 50,000 per month and if in Sikkim why can't Meghalaya pay ASHAs? Mira June said that ASHAs don't demand more than the government. “Please increase the salary of the ASHAs according to the current price but unfortunately the State Government is still treating the ASHAs with contempt and the make them like a place of refuge.
If planted for season, retting it in water to produce season is slow for sainalia.
Noting that the Government has ensured that development works have reached the entire State, the Minister said that for the first time, the Government has set up Mini Secretariats in different parts of the State. The states include Tura, Jowai and Pynursla.
1st place, Davis NR Marak, 3rd place, Desi Derius Pakma.
On this occasion, youths who have done well in the Church and society of all the states of the North East were honored and awarded.
Shillong, June 18: Police in the city of Shillong have launched a raid on vehicles using strong bulb lights since Friday and have fined up to T.10,500 tyngka and registered up to 27 cases.
The tournament was divided into three categories or years, namely the category for children under 14, 17 and 19 years (including men and women).
He said that these volunteers from the villages can inform the government in times of emergency such as floods, landslides, electricity and water outages if there is a breakdown in the transformer. or in water pipes and can also be the strong messenger to banks so that government schemes can reach people at the doorstep such as the elderly, pensioners, those with disabilities. members and others, do not need to go to the block offices or banks.
Police have arrested Vicky Chettri, 47 years old.
Because of the presence of these toll plazas, it makes it easier for vehicles to move and also creates a risk of traffic accidents in these areas.
Why can't these leaders of the ethnic parties unite if the goal is to serve the people of the state? What is the obstacle to this unity? One of the main reasons is the desire to be the leader of all.
You should not be afraid to speak or tell stories in Khasi.
Nongpoh: A diesel truck overturned last night at a remote place on the NH-6 under Shangbangla village.
The trial is still ongoing, and the government from time to time has had to answer what it has done to reduce this congestion.
The Inter School Chess and Scrabble Tournament for urban children started on 18th June and will end on 25th June at Government Girls Higher Secondary School, Jowai.
He said that the establishment of the state university after 50 years of independence has been a step forward for the Government.
From the bodies of these drug users, the HYC has recovered weapons such as knives, tyrnem, screw driver and other items which it is suspected that these people have stolen and intended to sell only. to buy drugs and also used to steal.
He said that after the failure of the Mawthadraishan MLA, the Ministry of Road Transport of the Union Government has allocated funds through the Rural Infrastructure Development Fund (RIDF) scheme. The road has been completed immediately.
He said that even the management of the Nursing Council has not been able to do anything about this although they have found that they are not qualified but they have to issue licenses to them because there is no government rule prohibiting them. to issue a license if found or found to be incompetent or unqualified according to their education.
The death toll from dengue has risen to five, although others have estimated that it has risen to
Marak (Garo Hills) won the Best Girl award in the Under 12 Boys category, Advitiya AG (East Khasi Hills) won the Best Boy award and Open Category. P. Sarasaphi Lyngdoh (West Khasi Hills) won the Best Veteran award, Ganesh Rai (East Khasi Hills) won the Best Veteran award and L. Syiemlieh won the Best Ri-Bhoi award. .
Strengthen self-monitoring of compliance with rules: Strengthen self-monitoring of compliance with rules by establishing Content Evaluation Committees and transforming the existing Inter-Departmental Committee into Broadcast Advisory Council' which is more involved and more comprehensive.
The match started at 2 pm between PFR FA and Lawmali Pyllun SC. In the second half, PFR FA showed their strength by scoring four goals to reach the semi final.
According to the Census of India 2011, there are 2.68 crore people with disabilities in our country, accounting for 2.21% of the country's population.
He has his own way of thinking, but what he does reflects his character, his way of thinking," he said.
These statements are completely untrue," said the Ministry of Energy.
Speaking to media, the DGP said that those involved in these crimes should be punished.
Derek said that he as an MP from the TMC has spoken in the Rajya Sabha for the need for the Khasi people to recognize the Khasi language in Article
However, he hopes that through this work he will be of benefit to the people of the area.
The woman's name is Halima Cisse and she has given birth to nine children, two more than what doctors have estimated.
The construction of the 9 Mile road to Pilangkata will start soon by the PWD department, while the Mukroh Umpsar road connecting Jrikyndeng, Assam has progressed and the work has progressed by about 8 percent under the supervision of the department. CPWD. As part of the implementation of the Government's directive, the Dorbar Shnong Ialong has closed the Ialong Tourism Spot, while the Dorbar Shnong Moosalyngkat has postponed the fete scheduled to be held on the 19th and 20th of October.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, through social media X, congratulated Kong Passah for receiving the award which shows that Meghalaya is rich in music. put in traditional dances and songs.
I read the files carefully.
When looking at the foundation of the traditional thought, it is found that the foundation of the nation is based on the riti as in the riti tangjait where the Dkhar tribe has emerged and has been included as the Khasi tribe through the riti. according to the genealogy of those tribes.
The erection of these monuments will also mark the 75th anniversary of India's Independence.
The residents of this village and the entire area come to the market every Tuesday or go to Gamerimura Market (Assam) 23 km, Mangsang Market (East Garo Hills) 20 km, Dhupdhara Market 38 km. (Assam) but for various needs they go to Riangdo Market 22 km or Nongstoin Market 67 km.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 16: Up to 20 coal trucks have been seized by the Nongpoh Police Station, today at 2 pm in Ri Bhoi District, after they were found to have violated the The NGT on Tuesday, the 15th of this month, has issued an order ban ban the transportation or mining of coal in all over the state of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Dr. Vijay Kumar appealed to the people to take an oath to contribute to a clean and tidy city.
The PCF had earlier sent letters of request to various political parties in the state to join hands and support Pastor Basaiawmoit.
Hek said the Shillong Club management has taken a decision only after listening to both sides.
In another incident, a Tata Nano No. ML-05H-0684, which was heading from Mawryngkneng to Puriang, overturned at Mawrishan on National Highway
On the other hand, the union also requested the police to look into such cases to prevent any tragic incident from happening in the future.
At the same time, police have arrested the driver of the Sumo, Sumarlang Lytep, 24, Borlang.
In the match between the two teams, Classic SC won by beating Thiang Thiang FC by tie breaker.
Let us spend time in prayer and the Word of God, which can shape, fill and enlighten even the struggles that surround us and allow God to fight for our lives.
Referring to the Administrator Rule in the KHADC, Conrad K Sangma said that the Administrator Rule in the District Council has prompted the Meghalaya government to urge the Administrator Rule. “This EC has shamed the District Council and the state as a whole,” he added.
She also alleged that the government has violated human rights in the name of law to maintain law and order.
The Minister also expressed his appreciation to the Meghalaya New and Renewable Energy Development Agency for its hard work in implementing this project which will bring many benefits to the people of the state.
Two people were arrested in connection with the case.
Therefore, the Seng requests all the various units to take action and ensure that this strike will be carried out by all the teachers so that this aim and aspiration of all the teachers will be successful, said U Bah. E.G War Organizing Cum Publicity Secretary MUPSTA Central Body.
His 1982 Tamil film 'Ezhavathu Manithan' won the National Film Award in Tamil and was nominated for the Golden St. George (Best Film). at the Moscow International Film Festival.
En bloc- Synroplang which is the synrop of members of the Legislative Assembly to support any important social work which should be through the laws governing society in the state.
Also present on the occasion were the Sordar of Mawryngkneng, Bah Peter J Lawai, church leaders, teachers, school children and others.
They also reviewed the measures taken to monitor, prevent and treat those with COVID-19 by the health authorities in these states.
There will be a great war against Israel, the Three Temples will be built in Jerusalem, and the Israelites will be able to offer animal sacrifices inside that Temple according to the beliefs of their ancestors.
Shillong, Lber 4: The State Government through the Taxation Department, has earned revenue of more than T.1 crore from two agricultural products in the state, synsar and tyrpad.
In a few months, the country will witness elections in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh which have the highest number of MLAs and MPs. you will be in this country.
Therefore, we the people cannot blame anyone but we should blame ourselves if we elect the wrong leaders.
Shillong, July 01: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah on Friday revised the odd and even numbers for commercial vehicles, STPS Buses and SSPTS. -Maxi Cabs and local taxis color iong & stem) to enter Khyndai Lad and Motphran which are the busiest places for the people to travel and buy their pets.
Looking at the condition of the area, it cannot be said that if there are adequate roads, the income will increase rapidly, as it is a fertile area with all kinds of crops from kwai. , tympew, sohtrun, kait, forty kinds of jhur grow well because the soil is fertile.
Hek said their meeting with Amit Shah last time was not clear on the demand for ILP, but they will have to meet again in the new year.
Speaking at a meeting of fish farmers at the State Convention Centre, Additional Chief Secretary KN Kumar said that this increase in fish production has been in the last six years since the implementation of the Meghalaya Aqua. Culture Mission since 2012 with a budget of T.161 crore.
Thus, those who are in a position of instruction, count themselves stingy and selfish in their own deeds.
Police have arrested the driver of the vehicle, NK Thangtea, 22, from Aizawl, Mizoram. and he brought them into the ark of the covenant.
He sent his young king, Rapo Ram Singh to fight against Tep Kyndait in the battle of Nongsyntoiñ in Tep Kyndait gave birth to the child king.
The child was taken care of by the North East India Mission Association (NEIMA) Pynursla after the death of her mother about three months ago.
At the same time, she said that during working hours and in the morning and afternoon during school hours, vehicles throughout Shillong are parked.
The players as well as the spectators were shocked to see the damage to these signs.
the fruit of the fertile soil may be larger.
The meeting was held at the Bishop Hall, Nongstoin.
Leaders of the HYC, who expressed their concern about the condition of this place, have been present on the occasion.
Speaking to reporters, HNYM President Louis Dohtdong said that the HNYM will report only until the 19th of this month that the District Council should immediately remove the Acting Chief of Mylliem Hima. u Bah Ainam Manik Syiem and not to recognize the Garo Rangbah Shnongs who are in charge of the Khadar administration in the villages which have been invaded by the Garo people who are still under the Raid Marwet.
He said that there have been rumors that there is a fear in the Congress party for the fear of losing the upcoming MDC/MP elections. “If you are afraid of losing the election, Why don't you worry about the future of the nation? “The tears of Dr. Mukul Sangma are political tears,” said Bah Sadon.
The word “Riang” is also sometimes used as a joke although it is a word that preserves and develops the skills of the ancestors.
He said that as believers we should take the decision not only to look after our own homes but to help others who are suffering and needy to live like others and to love God. Love your neighbor as yourself in the faith.
After the union has expressed its concerns, the Assistant Manager of Jio Telecom has promised in front of the union leaders that through him he will try his best. promptly provide for all requirements related to equipment and power failures related to network failure.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that those who do not return after completing their studies will be fined T. foot.
The management of Woodland WK Hospital said that the health camp is for women from the age of 21 years and there will be free consultation with the doctors of the hospital.
In the implementation of the Reservation, the State Government from time to time has amended the decision relating to the recruitment quota in order to ensure the rights of the entitled communities to benefit and also to fill the lack of those in government agencies.
On the other hand, the union urged the department to take immediate action to repair this road.
He said the meeting decided not to comment on the High Court's decision, as the District Councils do not yet have laws to define the powers and duties of Rangbah Shnong.
Where do you ask for DTO. Imat doesn't know if it's a truck.
Nongstoiñ, July 5: The Block Congress Committee on Saturday held a special meeting to discuss the activities of the party.
“The body has been recovered by the ROV and will be recovered today,” said SS Syiemlieh, Additional Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills.
We have seen, in the past months, the suffering, the walking, the standing, the coming and going, the food and drink of the workers who are outside their homes, but until now, we have not talked about the suffering. The plight of the employees at home, who have to wait for dozens of hours inside the bank.
The award was received by the Commissioner Secretary, Finance and Planning, Dr. Vijay Kumar and the Union Minister in charge of Commerce and Industry, Piyush Goyal at a function held in New Delhi.
Sutnga said that on this basis, the Congress party has not allowed even 10 inches of land to enter Assam, even the land in Block-1 and II the party is fighting to return. in the state of Meghalaya.
Let us unite together and break away from the desire for wealth because we will have to give an account to our descendants.
Shreya R. Marak has won the U-14 Girls Inter District Cricket Tournament
(3) Those who sit in the middle because they don't want to support anyone – they just go to the side where the majority of people agree.
“We don't have the right to print Aadhaar, we don't have to wait any longer,” he said. “In the last election, there were about four polling stations. “The polling stations in my constituency (Nartiang) don't come to vote because they are afraid of that Aadhaar number,” said Bah Sniawbhalang.
When we want to develop sports we need the cooperation of teachers, residents, civil society because this office alone cannot develop sports in the district”.
The NPP government has deceived even the teachers, the residents of Meghalaya, we have not seen the JJM scheme where the water is.
KSU West Jaintia Hills District Unit in the presence of KSU Larnai Unit leaders today visited the school and found that the teacher named WIKIRU SHYLLA does not come to the school. this school.
"The exercise will further strengthen the relationship between the Indian and Malaysian armies, and will also strengthen the relationship between the two countries," Vaid said.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan, has not yet accepted the proposal of the District Council Affairs (DCA) to hold mid-term MDC elections and has sought clarification from the government on some issues.
Dr. Kethoser Kevichusa, a renowned public speaker and writer, who has also received the First Gordon Graham Prize in Naga Literature, delivered a speech at the function.
This action of the transitional Government has brought about a good reputation for Meghalaya as one of the cleanest states in India.
“Bahnah, it's too late...” said Riia. “Yes, I like to work like this.
The resolution showed that the BJP's vote was almost equal to the vote of Bah Paul Lyngdoh, the candidate of the UDP, who received 106,817 votes. The BJP has 10,000 votes.
The five teams that played on the day include Mawleiñ SC vs Khwad SC where Mawleiñ SC won 2-0 goals, Wahmawleiñ SC won 2-0 -0 goals against Laitmynsang FC, Mawlat SC beat Nongjrong SC 5-4 goals and Wahlakhiat FC beat Synïasya SC 1-0 Shillong, Naiwieng 06 : The men's basketball team of Lawsohtun and Nothing But Nets on the women's side of Lawmawbah have won the title of the Open To All Basketball Tournament organized by In the men's category, Nothing But Nets beat Mylliem Syllai-U-Lor 39-19 while Lawsohtun beat LBM Ballers 71-40 baskets. Hamletson Dohling MLA Mylliem Constituency and Minister of C&RD Block was also present to witness the final match as the Chief Guest. Rangbah Shnong of Lawsohtun, office bearers of NPYF Mylliem Block and others.
The trainees who attended the training were youths from neighboring villages like Amlari, Jong u Chen, Amjalong, Nongtalang as well as villages under Syndai. Short.
The Supply Department of Amlarem Sub-Division has also decided that all the 120 households who receive ration should come and collect it from RM Mukhim, who is the joint vendor in Amlarem.
Newspapers not only encourage children to learn more words but also help them to write, read and speak better.
“He added that the independence of Meghalaya is peaceful and it is also the struggle of the people despite many challenges, the cooperation of the leaders and the desire of the people for the implementation of the rules. customs and traditions, has created this beautiful state which we can say is ours.
At the same time, he said that in the last three years, the party has been with the government, but it has not demanded that the government should provide schemes, but that it should resolve the border issue. a voice that the party has claimed for more than five decades.
Shillong, July 18: The People's Democratic Forum (PDF) has already prepared all the documents to register the ruling coalition in the KHADC as you are the world.
Those who are entitled to leave should leave and stay in the place provided by the Government,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, Ardent Basaiawmoit, Vice President of the HSPDP, said that the meeting will also announce to the people the decisions of the HSPDP if the government does not respond within the meeting. you shi week.
Besides Dimarkithmu, Luigi Dalian Pasweth, a student of QC Springside English School, came third with 563 marks (E, M, S&T, SSc, HPE, Kh).
“The Government will issue the necessary notice on the recruitment in the state as all the political parties in the state still have the same intention to review the implementation of the Reservation Policy and Roster system. all the plantations have to be suspended temporarily,” she told reporters.
Everything in nature is completely new in the spring, so it can be said that the spring is the time when everything in nature is new.
He said that in Khasi Jaintia, people use heathers and in Garo Hills, they use air conditioning.
“Contractors from this state are not able to participate in these projects worth up to T.8 crore,” he said. They have nothing to do with politicians.
“Here we sit in the shop and we don't have anyone to buy,” said one of the women.
“The outer courtyard of the Temple of God shall not be destroyed” means that the courtyard of the Muslim Temple which is now on Temple Mount shall not be touched, but the Temple shall be rebuilt. The Third Temple is about 100 feet from the Dome of Rock.
“It's too late for us but we will continue to solve the problems of the people as we did in the first Wat,” he said.
On the other hand, Bindo said that the demand for cooperation in the government was because the people won all the parties during the elections, which is not good because many people have to form a government. party.
“We stand with and support Bilkis Bano in her 20-year struggle for justice and we honor her courage.
"I understand," said the mother... "Kmie, go to sleep... I still want to drink.
Ahead of the Lok Sabha elections, RJD leader and former Bihar Chief Secretary Tejashwi Prasad Yadav tried to win the support of the people by bringing in a way how to he and his organization have worked hard to provide jobs and to bring about opportunities in terms of employment opportunities.
Shillong, Naitung 01: After the resignation of Rajiv Mehta as DGP, the state government will soon hold a meeting with the Security Commission to appoint another IPS officer to take over the post of DGP.
Therefore, he said the purpose of the Child Labor Act is to protect children and to enable them to live a happy life and not to be involved in activities that affect their health. their health, their minds.
Up to 30 people have appealed to the Supreme Court against the decision of the Kashari High Court.
He said that the government sells land to IAS officers for only T.1 per square foot, while the people are evicted without forgiveness.
He said that this action by the HNYM leader, will cause trouble within the Raid, although it has been a peaceful Raid in the past years, but if it happens If there is any ethnic conflict during the Raid, the President of HNYM should take responsibility.
There will be a stir from the villages, the organizations and from elsewhere.
The Congress Party has strongly opposed the passage of the Meghalaya Residential Bill, which prohibits foreigners from becoming citizens of our beloved state.
When various religious leaders learned of the plan to set up casinos in the state, they went to meet the Prime Minister to ban the setup of casinos in Meghalaya.
The goal of the National Parties is to form a government in Delhi and to rule the whole of India.
MLA Bah Lahkmen Rymbui said that the opening of this project will be of great benefit to the meat farmers of the area and the area, where the residents will be able to eat clean meat.
Shillong: The Meghalaya State Agriculture Marketing Board (MSDA) has invited the market owners and managers of the Farmers' Market, Sanmer, Upper Shillong.
The Draft Bill, 2011 – Where is it now, and where is it hiding, is a question that should stir the minds and consciousness of those who have passed this Bill.
It was the people of the country who took the decision to make the country developed," he added.
The parking lot should be used only for vehicles coming to school to avoid congestion and parking along the road.
According to the letter, the KSU has demanded from the office of the District Commandant, West Jaintia Hills to immediately pay the salaries of the Home Guard Volunteers.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Mayralborn Syiem MLA of Nongpoh, Fr Pius Shadap, Parish Priest Umsning Parish, Rocky Marweiñ, Rangbah Shnong Umsning Proper B, Carlus Kharkongor, Former Vice President of RAWA; RAWA Assistant Secretary, Banisha Umbah, Vice President RAWA who is also the eldest daughter of late OB Ranee, school children, ASHAs and others.
The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Paul Lyngdoh today said that the UDP and HSPDP under the umbrella of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) have nothing to worry about in this election and are on their way. to reach the thong.
On Twitter, the Prime Minister wrote, “After the emergency landing at UCC College, Umïam due to heavy rainfall on my way back from Tura, I had the opportunity to visit the beauty of UCC College, Umïam. I also spent some time with the teachers of this college.
In a statement, the Education Secretary of the HYC, Bah Enlang Sawian, said that the Education Cell has informed that the students are facing a lot of difficulties as they have to write the CUET examination in Assam and other places. He said that this has cost the students a lot of money and has also created problems in traveling far away from the State.
“These days, a woman in Tura has received up to three new counterfeit notes,” said Dr Mukul.
To others, it is a promise, which cannot be changed.
This collapse of the road has caused a lot of trouble to the people who have been shocked to the ground.
Earlier, the Assam Petroleum Mazdoor Union (AMA) had vowed to stop the supply of petrol to the state after the truck drivers alleged that they were robbed by the smugglers.
Zenith Sangma said that on 26th July 2020, 52 persons were appointed and on 1st November 2020, 72 persons were appointed. Multi Tasking Attendance and all these appointees are only from Shillong and surrounding areas.
From time to time the government distributes seeds and other agricultural related assistance, but how many people have received that assistance? which farmers face.
Regarding the government's decision to ban the Internet, Bah PB Sylliang said that this will not bring peace and stability in the state but the government should take other measures, especially in At this time, many students use the internet to get articles and gather information for the preparation of various examinations.
The Lok Sabha also adjourned in the morning and was resumed till 2 pm.
Three days before the 2nd Sohra International Half Marathon, members of the Organizing Committee of the Marathon on Tuesday inspected the road from Laitsohpliah to Sohra.
“Conrad K Sangma said that the demand for ILP is still under the consideration of the Home Ministry, but the BJP leaders including BJP MLA Sanbor Shullai who said that the demand for ILP is still under the consideration of the Home Ministry. MLAs from the BJP and all the demands will be met within six months,” he said.
Since the release of Kantara, many people have praised the film for its beauty and many have expected the film to receive awards because of the story. .
Jha's bank account in Shillong has been seized by police.
They were the heads of the trade in which the traders could sell food and beverages at high prices to the Civil and Military Governments at that time.
It has been proposed to allocate two Lok Sabha constituencies to the districts in the Barak Valley, namely Cachar, Hailakandi and Karimganj.
On the other hand, the relatives of these workers who worked in the park, immediately rushed to the place where the park is located, to wait for the news about their loved ones. whether or not they are still alive from the tragedy.
She said that economic development goes hand in hand with environmental protection and the theme of this year's Environment Day is “Living Sustainably in Harmony with Nature”.
Regarding the Hot Springs area, China has retreated and will continue to retreat today.
Lajong failed to score until the end of the first half and Malki also ended up scoring only a few tries in which Lajong took a 1-0 lead.
The purpose of this agenda is to showcase and develop the progress of the party in its service to the Jaidbynriew over the past 40 years.
Those who test positive but do not have symptoms are called asymptomatic.
But I don't understand anymore.
Speaking to media, he said, “Today, the work has reached about 59 percent.
The NH – 51 has been under construction for more than 5 years and has not been completed yet.
“The bank selects people to give loans based on the job they can get,” he said.
Niakha, when she heard from both sides, she was very worried about what to do.
Of course, this is a really long part to talk about and I find it difficult for me to explain in detail on the subject I have mentioned above in this article alone, but for those who are willing and want to find I encourage you to publish a book entitled, “The Bible and Society” which will be released in the coming days.
“We will implement the WE Card scheme within six months of the formation of our government if we come to power and all women from each household will receive T.1,000 per month delivered through their bank accounts,” he said. said Abhishek.
However, in other villages, the UDP has split and many office bearers have left including Mawlai Motsyiar, Mawroh and Iewrynghep.
Kynshi, March 27: The Kynshi District Youth Assembly will hold a Marathon and Foos Fest on the 29th of this month to raise funds for the construction of the District Office.
The body of Bah Honsen will be buried at Jaiaw Cemetery on the 25th.
Shillong, July 29: Truck drivers, under the banner of the Meghalaya Commercial Truck Owners and Operators Association (MCTOOA), have been surprised that trucks carrying goods have been charged at 20 meters and driven by a In a statement sent today, by Bah Augustine Shanpru, President of MCTOOA, the state government is surprised how the state government can set up a thew. 20mer and not to remove the thew land, which is located in Umling, which is the land, which has a tax haven, which has a sufficient thew area.
The Iraqi government has denied that its troops have left the areas seized by ISIS militants, but the government says it is still managing and patrolling the border, as although some reported that the border troops had withdrawn on the orders of Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki.
“Tell me what’s wrong? Why didn't you tell me that you left school?” asked the mother. “I don't have anything but I don't want to stay in Ri Thor anymore,” she replied. "It depends on you and your father," he replied. "Ap, when my father comes tomorrow," said the mother. "Where did you go to stay overnight?" “Ask your father again, don't ask me,” said the mother. The mother, who was very happy, didn't ask anything else but did her job as she used to do.
The competition was organized by the Army Public School in Dhaula Kuan, New Delhi.
In this regard, the Inner Line Permit (ILP) since 2002 is the first part of KHNAM's agenda and also the recognition of the Khasi language.
This animal shelter will be managed by private individuals, and there are several organizations that have not come forward to take over this task.
This word of peace is the main reason for our children to be happy but even so we don't turn away from our children.
The people of Garo Hills have decided to walk on the new road”.
Instead of rice, there are diesel bunks, dhabas, eateries and shopping complexes.
A Russian court on Tuesday refused to grant bail to US journalist Evan Gershkovich, who was arrested recently on charges of involvement in terrorism. He was sentenced to up to 20 years in prison under Russian criminal law.
EKH scored 148/8 in 20 overs.
But we don’t care.
A Russian court has sentenced journalist Marina Ovsyannikova to eight years in prison for appearing in front of a newspaper with a placard reading 'Stop the war'- which means 'stop the war' and 'They're lying to you' which means 'it's just a lie and deception'
Anyway, on any day, anywhere,” said Bah Lapang.
Assistant Publicity Secretary- Ferdinand Phawa 13.
After seeing these posts on Mary's page, the Rupang journalist sent her a message and she replied in English, “Hello Bah, I am a bit overwhelmed. to talk to anyone today, I only have strength enough to talk to other victims and survivors who are getting in touch.
The Syiem of Mylliem Hima, who has been appointed, has to introduce himself to the children of the thousands of Dorbar at Mylliem Market.
The Talent Identification Program was organized by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) in collaboration with the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government and the EDGE 10 Group. Many of the students of the area at the program held today at Mot Tirot Square, Mairang Mission, Mairang.
He admitted that before the incident, the Assam Police had taken these three persons to the forest, cleaned them and tied and bombed them. , the last bread before you die"
Many schools from Mawkyrwat village attended the programme.
Speaking to media, Bah Metbah said, “We have already announced three candidates and those are from South Garo Hills Area. Some of the applications in West Garo Hills, North Garo Hills and South Garo Hills have been received and we have examined them and we have not announced them yet.
To be able to rise to the status of 'Smart City', thousands of crores of rupees will be invested in many areas to make the city fit for the status of 'Smart City'
The chief guest who witnessed the final was Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA Shillong South who is the brother of (L) Debo Shullai and his relatives and office bearers of WJDSA. Luckyness Khyriem who won the Man of the Match and Player of the Tournament titles.
Rahul Gandhi was sentenced to two years in jail after he accused Modi of saying that almost all the thieves have the Modi clan.
These announcements by the MRD are in addition to other assistance from the Prime Minister's Relief Fund of T.2 lakh to the families of those who have lost their loved ones. He also announced that T.50,000 tyngka will be provided to the injured.
On the other hand, Alok Verma, Leader of the Association Airport, said that to bring peace in the future, there will be a social agreement between the Association from Assam and Meghalaya. The SP of Azara to check the smooth running of the vehicles.
He said that he has informed the officer in charge of Rani Jirang Police Station to immediately stop the construction of the road.
Shillong, November 8: Scientist Dr.D.Vel murugan professor and Head Center of Advanced Study in Crystallography and Biophysics University, Madras and scientist Dr.A.Bhattacharjee Dept.
We would like to thank once again all the people who have supported us, who have been with the Party, who have been with the Party to speak on the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Khyrnit Baphra of the Constitution. in India," he said.
The Government of India or Meghalaya, Doctors or Health Dept, PRAYER ORGANIZATIONS, CHURCH ORGANIZATIONS. SHYLLANGKHMAT CHECKS FOR COVID VIRUS REPORT TO HOSPITAL AND QUARANTINE FOR THE MONTHS. ANGER.U The Rangbah Shnong of Darang, Bah Aliwsen Ryngksai, together with the Executive Committee, expressed their gratitude to the Dawki Police Station and the Search and Rescue Team – Shillong for their assistance in the incident. One of the rangbah from this village on the 26th of this month.
Two days after the incident, his illness worsened and he was rushed to AIIMS, Patna, where he died.
Mawkyrwat, March 06: As part of the celebration of Swachhata Hi Seva 2023, the District Office of Swachh Bharat Mission Gramin, South West Khasi Hills District has organized a Swachhata Run 2023 at South West Khasi Hills District. Shekborlin Shiangbai, District Co-ordinator, Swachh Bharat Mission Village, South West Khasi Hills District, launched the flag as a sign of the start of the 15 KM race. Executive Engineer (EE) of PHE, Mawkyrwat Division and went to Mawleiñ Market (Jakrem Village) – Sakwang – Pynden Sakwang and returned to the PHE office grounds which is the finish line.
In the past, many things happened that we don't know, but now that the world has become small in the knowledge of today, we don't know or see everything.
The incident happened at 12:30 pm this morning, when the armed men, carrying wooden rifles, left the area. They went to the workplace inside the quarry, who threatened the workers who were in the quarry with these guns, so that no one would dare to act against them.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing said that the mother of Bah Marbaniang, Kong D Marbaniang, has lodged a complaint with the Kashari High Court today demanding that it should not challenge the case and order the appointment of Bah Marbaniang. “I have filed a complaint today and the court will hear the case tomorrow,” she said.
It is also true that after the end of the Signature Campaign, they will gather the people to turn to the Secretariat and meet the Chief Minister, in order to express their views. to protest against the 'Khalai' camp in Ri Bhoi and also to repeal the 'Khalai' Act in the state.
After this, the family members verified the tupia and found that it really belonged to him.
When they reach the cold places, the water changes its shape, and it falls into the rain or snow.
“His resignation has raised a prima facie case and this shows that there is a basis for the protest,” said Bah Lanong.
Bah RM ShabongThe HYC, has received a very strong statement from the MLA of Mawhati, when he said, “Don't fall into the tyrso tree”. he was afraid of the sun and how he was afraid of the bright light of the tyrso garden and there he fled from the sky.
Although the cleaning of the river started on 26th June, 2013, the Executive Committee has not set a target to complete the project.
To improve schools, the state government has supported 208 schools with an allocation of Rs 109.33 crore in Phase I. A proposal has also been sent to allocate Rs 100 crore for 111 schools in Phase II and 86.76 crore for 1878 schools in Phase III through state funding.
Guwahati: RSS leader Mohan Bhagwat today said that the CAA-NRC is not against the Muslims of India. “The CAA-NRC is not a law against Indians.
Shillong: The Nongsder Civil Subdivision on Tuesday met with the SDO PWD (Road) of Pynursla Civil Subdivision to discuss the deterioration of the road from Mawpran to Nongsder. East Khasi Hills District which needs to be cleaned again, due to the deterioration of the previously cleaned colour.
Also present on the occasion were the MDC of Mynsngat Khanduli constituency, Dawan Lyngdoh, the Dolloi of Nongjngi Elaka, the Waheh of Raij Namdong, the Waheh Shnong of Namdong A and the residents of the village.
The natural environment has provided many resources for mankind.
Speaking to reporters by phone, Bah Jemino Mawthoh said that he has no physical illness and is in good health and is at home.
It is learned that the admit cards of the examinees have not been checked by those who have passed the examination which is a rule to be followed every year.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Aibor Shadap expressed his gratitude that they have been able to help the poor families with blankets so that they can cover themselves during this rainy season. They want to celebrate this Christmas with the poor families, and hope that this donation of the group will be a blessing and joy to the poor families in the area.
Isaiah says (52:14) His face was worse than any man's.
Many people also use rynsun when they get rheumatism.
You are being persecuted by the Kaikhlaw group.
The selection centers include Jowai Grassroot Centre, Amlarem GC, Bakur GC, Wahiajer GC, Ummulong GC, Mukhla GC, Shangpung GC and Laskein Grassroot Centre.
Shillong: Members of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) who were planning to march to the Soso Tham Auditorium for the 49th Meghalaya's Day celebrations, today failed to do so. District of East Khasi Hills and the police have blocked the road and stopped this plan.
He said that police are conducting thorough investigation and the facts can be announced only after their investigation.
For this reason, the intention of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to allow each region to spread knowledge about the culture of other regions in India; Thus, the central theme of One Great India or Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat can be achieved in the spirit of brotherhood in one great India.
On the other hand, the VPP, as it appears on social media, has said that if there are too many ticket applicants, the fate will be lost.
They were brought before the court today and police have been authorized to interrogate them for 40 days through Police Custody.
However, in Meghalaya, many employees in the departments and training institutions of the central government in the state are from other states of India. valid as you wish.
UP & RMSA School, North Liberty HS School and HK Singh Memorial Secondary School.
Please show your opinion in the newspapers.
Before the start of the collection, a public hearing was held in which Bah H.Ban Nonglang President gave a briefing.
On the deterioration of the road, Samla Lan Syngkli said that the union demands from the government and especially the PWD department to take action to improve the road immediately.
Seven child athletes including two women from West Jaintia Hills District have been selected for training at Khelo India State Centre.
Shillong: Nongstoin MLA Macmilan Byrsat on Tuesday said that as an MLA he has nothing to do with the government's decision to transfer the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Arunkumar Kembhavi, who has been in office for 14 months. something in the district.
The death toll in Italy has risen to 6,078 and the number of infected to 60,0
There is no problem that cannot be solved under the Constitution.
The Central Government has not held a meeting of the District Development Coordination and Monitoring Committee (DISHA) for the past six years.
Finally, I would like to say, "Every country and nation, small or large, has the right to govern independently without interference from foreign powers and any country or nation that rejects and opposes it. freedom of another nation, that nation has attacked human rights".
Shillong: The Minister of State for Law, Dr Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the Inner Line Permit (ILP) is the responsibility of the Government of India. to obtain approval from the Central Government.
It is estimated that 5 lakh shymprong farmers have lost their income due to the ban on shymprong exports worth 30 million US dollars.
Referring to the commitment of the Meghalaya TMC to the state, Mamata appealed to the people “to empower the people, hold the dignity, celebrate the uniqueness of Meghalaya”.
He wished Murmu to provide justice and to look after the ethnic minorities across India.
After Manish's loss, Bipin Kumar Ray stood firm in the innings from 35 balls and scored only two runs.
Scientific mining in the State may start some activities in July next year as no one has already approved the preparation method for coal mining ( meaning plan).
This statement came a day after the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, informed that the government has suspended the search for land for the construction of the railway line in East Khasi Hills. Hills and Ri Bhoi District, it will now start looking for land in other areas, which will be in Khliehriat, East Khasi Hills District.
They have been expressing and fighting against these policies of the BJP government from time to time.
Angelina Jackson won the title in 13.6s, followed by Savinity Jyndiang in 14.2s. along with the Ibaiahun Kurbah which was held at the same time.
When asked whether through Sangma's appearance, there is a possibility to talk to other political parties in the state, Vincent said the Congress itself cannot do it. Mukul Sangma is not in Garo Hills.
The KSU has recently found that people from Assam have also crossed the border into Meghalaya which falls into the Umïam River. which they used with the sword of the shilum to dig shyiap from the river.
No other department since the completion of the Center has come to use to provide health services to the residents.
In 1997, the government converted this scheme into the Targeted Public Distribution System (TDPS) to distribute food and fuel especially to the poor.
KHNAM said that the best forum to discuss this issue is in the Legislative Assembly, but if the Government calls a meeting of all political parties, it is enough.
When Jesus saw them, he said, “I am thirsty” (John 19:28) (f) Jesus came into the world by the command of the Father, and those who kill will never enter the world. (Lk 23:46) (g) Before Jesus bowed his head, he said to all who were there when he came to earth to fulfill his mission to pay the debt of mankind.
from the cremation ground where you have set yourself for many days and many hours,
The runners up will receive a cash prize of T.15,0
If the union finds that any shops have taken advantage of the situation, the union will not hesitate to take the necessary action according to the law.
Nangbah Stand: Only election vehicles coming from New Hill Point can park at Nangbah Stand and after the installation of EVMs and election personnel can park at Ummulong, Amlarem-Dawki Stand and Jrisaleiñ Square. .
Special Judge MK Nagpal has announced an extension of Sisodia's remand after the former Delhi Symbud Myntri was brought before the court after the expiry of his remand. and he shall be as he was before.
When asked why the President of the party, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, did not stand alone to contest the MP election, Dr Kara Chen, who is also the Vice President, said that the party would like to consult within the party. the world is the world's largest country.
Not only that, when the market is closed, but when the goods are brought, it cannot be opened without being found. Where those who sell kwai, tympew, jhur and many other goods continue to Umshyrpi Bridge and it is a pity for the shopkeepers and it is also a part of the garbage. sitting on the street sides, just for spending their sales.
Speaking on the writings written on rot or rong, he said that these writings written on rot or color have surprised the leaders how to work better and bring about good health in society.
The elders say that this Hima is a strong, powerful, rich Hima in terms of food, agricultural land, Hali. the Pynthor, in the defense of the country, with enough soldiers, Swar, Khla Wait, chiefs of Wait, and enough Khnam and Ryntih.
(Psalm 28:8) Thank you.
Speaking to reporters, the Secretary of the Meghalaya Importer and Exporter Chamber of Commerce, Dolly Konglah, said that the smuggling has been going on in the heat of the moment and has been witnessed by the government authorities from the BSF, the Land Custom personnel and so on.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that the question of closing the dam again in the state will not be raised now and if the government has to impose a closure of the dam, it will be. the last path you will choose.
The KJCLF invites all Christians and religious leaders from different churches to join in prayer and come together to discuss this issue which affects the development of all and the society as a whole. ha that they have not bun the road.
The school has just started the construction of two classrooms to provide education to the children of the village.
Garo candidate Purno A Sangma received 2,39,301 votes while Congress candidate Daryl William CH Momin received 1,99,585 votes.
Although the C&RD Department has already submitted a draft list to the Food and Civil Supplies, it will be difficult to implement as it may lead to many problems later.
However, it cannot be concluded that the victory of the NPP in the majority of MLAs will show that there is no corruption.
This is the right time to prevent the infiltration of traders to disrupt the traffic.
In fact, the Seng said that the job of these metor drivers is only to clean up the garbage and the salary is low, but you will see that they are standing in big stone buildings. They don't give permission because foreigners come to invest and build.
No one will dare to stand up or fight for the development of the region and the happiness of the people.
The two MLAs who were honored by the party are Bah Gavin M Mylliem MLA from Sohra who is also the President of the party and Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh MLA from Mawkynrew who is also the Minister and Working President of the party.
The two ministers met on June 20, 2022 and the two states have a long-standing Supreme Court case and therefore want to move the talks outside the court.
Speaking at the confirmation ceremony of the Pynthorumkhrah Block Committee (PBC) of the Trinamool Congress and its office bearers, Dr Mukul urged the people of the state to come forward and support the AITC so that it can achieve its goals. to remove from power the NPP government backed by the BJP and the political parties allied to this government.
Therefore, as a sign of recognition for the achievements of these women in various fields, the NITI Aayog has launched the Women Transforming India Awards.
He said that in India about 8 million citizens live on social schemes such as food and beverages subsidized by the government and these issues affecting the lives of people are more important than the UCC and this is what needs to be discussed.
There are those who believe and there are those who do not believe.
“We will answer the allegation that we are going against the party after taking a decision on this issue as it is now we want to live independently in these 12 days and we will sit down. the meeting and we will take a decision on this matter".
Or what is the place of my rest? Hath not my hand made all these things?
Taliban government spokesman Sayed Zekrullah Hashimi said today: “A woman cannot be a government minister.
The incident happened at 12:30 PM this morning at Jowai Badarpur Road (NH-6).
In the Science department, 3684 students will sit for the examination, while in the Commerce department, there are 2405 students.
Can we just listen to this injustice in the Roster System which has destroyed the hopes of the young applicants of the nation? New OM.
As part of ensuring that children receive nutritious food, the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) in collaboration with NESFAS, has trained schools to start school gardens in open spaces near schools.
Shillong: The Environment Committee of the Legislative Assembly has doubted that the age of the Umiam Dam will reach 100 years as estimated by experts, but it could end only in 2024, if not measures were taken immediately to clean up the daily spillage of garbage.
Three persons were killed and nine others seriously injured in a road accident on the NH 6 at Tuber Shohshrieh, East Jaintia Hills this morning. The truck was hit by a Mahindra Pickup.
The final list of Ravindra Jadeja, Shubman Gill, Mohammad Shami, KS Bharat and vice-captain Ajinkya Rahane is expected to be released on Tuesday.
Indeed, the police are trying their best to monitor the fraudulent activities of the residents and to recover the money from the robbers.
Rosangzela scored the first goal for Assam Rifle while Rishandabok Marwein scored the first goal for Sibsing Memorial. .
Although the union has seized liquor from several shops, it said that the raid has failed and was not successful due to the absence of people from the Excise Department.
Earlier, police had seized 70 IED bombs from East Garo Hills, North Garo Hills and parts of West Khasi Hills.
“Those who have committed crimes will have to pay a high price for this,” he said, adding that the government can appoint a stronger investigation not only by the right department. look at this work.
Therefore, the party has sent a clear statement to the MDA-II Government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma as the Prime Minister to implement the ILP first and after that the party will consider the railway line.
The Mawkhar Presbyterian Church, on 3rd July 2019, has lodged a complaint against the Mawkhar Presbyterian Church for theft of money. church, which has continued since 2013.
Police have struggled to recover the body of the man from the Umiam Pond.
The Minister suggested to strictly implement the measures and to strengthen testing and monitoring.
Besides Roikhihbha Nongtdu, Shano Tariang and Dibinroy Nongspung scored two goals each for Langsning.
In protest against the proposal to sell the Pung Shnong, the elders of the village today went out to inspect the Pung Shnong and erected a signboard prohibiting the sale of the Pung Shnong. and prohibits anyone who intends to buy the pond from buying it without the permission of the people and the Dorbar Shnong.
Besides, the Minister has made it clear that on the occasion of the appointment of Bah E.Lyngdoh as the full BDO of the Block, from the 4th started working in the new office.
Members of the party have been able to attend trainings even outside the state, said Bah Remeo Nongspung.
“We expect them (IIT, Guwahati) to come in the next few days to investigate what happened,” he said, promising that it will be an independent body without any involvement from all the institutions. Designers and Contractors as well as the State Government.
Shillong: The 100 Drums Wangala Organizing Committee, which met today at Asanang, has decided to hold a meeting today to discuss the issue of coronavirus. The Wangala Festival has decided not to hold the 100th Drums Wangala Festival
We must work and find ways and means to solve these problems,” said Bah Sherborlang.
He said the RBYF also approves the demand of the Umsning MLA to have an artificial turf ground in Ri Bhoi, as in the state, Ri Bhoi District is one of the districts that produces artificial turf. Many of the youths from Ri Bhoi District have won the Khelo India Games and the Meghalaya Games. They have won the title which is an honor not only for Ri Bhoi but also for the state as a whole.
The day was marked by a short presentation on the brave deeds of the great heroes of the state.
The total number of voters was
He said that the people of Khasi Jaintia should not be deceived by the power of religion or the power of money.
In the women's category, Wandarihun Khlemkharai, Military Marwein and Wanpyndapbiang Khyllemkharai won the weight category up to 60 kg.
One of the media outlets has interviewed Bah Amazing Kurbah who is a skilled speaker on the campaign for the UDP candidate in the last MLA election in Sohiong constituency. A Khasi filmmaker has been selected as the tyngshop to star in a new film, titled Rai-eh. I supported Bah Amazing and because the views have increased rapidly when he released it on his YouTube channel whether it is private channels or channels of the media because of the availability of ideas to express when he gives a speech. .
“However, in the first round we didn't know because nobody came to play,” he said.
“It is for these reasons that the work has been suspended and has not started yet.
With the same idea, they decided to set up a group known as SUR KI NONG MYLLIEM to work for the welfare of the people of Mylliem.
Police have registered a case against the suspect for further investigation.
Today, East Garo Hills has 25 cases, East Khasi Hills 21, Ribhoi District 13, West Garo Hills 10, East Jaintia Hills 6, South Garo Hills 4 Hills 2 people.
“This is a regular meeting to discuss the promotion of ICS officers like IFS, IAS and IPS who belong to the same Assam-Meghalaya cadre,” Assam Chief Secretary Vinod Kumar Pipersenia told reporters afterwards. they didn't wait for the meeting.
Before reaching the quarterfinals, HK Singh Memorial SS, has qualified safely after being suspended by the IPSC. Kharpran MLA Mawryngkneng while speaking at a meeting held by the IRSSCC in collaboration with Yess Meghalaya at the Community Hall Nongmensong Shillong on the 3rd of this month. “Drug Abuse and a threat to Society.
The ceremony was attended by the leaders of JYF Seng Kmie, Mr.N.Rymbai (Working President), Mr.F.Rymbai (General Secretary), Mr.OL Tariang (Vice-President), Mr.S. Pajuh (Joint Secretary), Mr. Becareful Chyrmang (Organizing Secretary), Mr. John Pala (Education Secretary), members of JYF, President of KNGCSU and other dignitaries.
The headlight bulb was turned on.
The meeting was attended by the Syiem of Jirang Hima, Paiem RN Wahlang, E. Mawlong, Secretary of Nongspung Hima, Nathaniel Thangkhiew, Basan Nongkseh of Mylliem Hima, Ken Syiem, Syiem of Marwet Hima. u Bah Erwin Sutnga, other village leaders, party leaders and many others.
Conrad, who is also the National President of the National People's Party (NPP), said he cannot complain about the people who have allowed him to work and who have given him their trust.
It is worth mentioning that yesterday, there was a loud noise in different parts of Shillong, which shocked many people.
After the Ministry of Tourism allocated funds, the monument was erected and completed as it should be.
Speaking on the occasion, Lambor said, “The UPF will listen to the feelings of the MDA and we don't want to give false information”.
“It's not bad for us clubs, but as the MFA we should have given information in advance so that we clubs have to prepare in advance because as it was in the leagues last season we played only by senior players.
The plaintiff's lawyer, Advocate Sujeet Dey, said that besides the stadium, there have been two other stadiums in Garo Hills which have been allegedly inadequate.
The leaders of these organizations also met with the Rangbah Shnongs of Naopara, Komphaduli, Dronpara and surrounding villages to discuss and investigate into this illegal activity of the Assam Government.
After receiving detailed information from the family of the victim, the police have arrested the Rangbah Shnong and taken him to Shillong.
Another World Record was set in the Guitar Ensemble which was held at Polo on 31st March 2007 and 1730 people took part to break the World Record. .
Because of the beauty and cleanliness of the environment, almost all the villages in this area are in a position where tourists are willing to leave home without getting hurt.
On the demand of the union for the release of the arrested, he said that it is all up to the court and the government cannot do anything in this regard.
Jerusalem is my home and yours as Christian children to start at home (as explained above).
“We have to take responsibility as human beings to ensure that we get back to a clean environment,” he said. swears.
Many times it has caused traffic jams for many hours because vehicles cannot pass on both sides of the road and have to avoid large stones on the road and avoid debris from heavy vehicles to vehicles. shrink.
This has shocked many parents and some have threatened to take their children away, because they do not agree that their children who go to participate in sports will have to stay for many hours.
“If it is drunk, it causes the drinkers to become addicted and in order to satisfy this addiction, it causes the drinkers to commit theft even to the extent that the society does not accept,” he said. let Steveford.
On the day of the opening of the hospital, 6 patients were admitted and on that day there was also a mother who gave birth to a baby boy.
According to information received by this reporter after visiting the area, it was said that the first incident occurred when the Assam police shot dead the driver of a vehicle carrying electrical appliances. These people who worked together went to help but were tied together until they were seriously injured including the women.
However, the negligence of the former government to build a PO in Psiar at that time, led the Assam Government to continue to cross the border.
It is for the benefit of health.
According to reports, Israeli air strikes on the Syrian capital Damascus and in western Syria have killed two civilians and injured some of the damage in these areas.
OUR KHASI HAVE FORGOTTEN THE FIGHT FOR FREEDOM OF TIROT SING SYIEM NG THAT WE CANNOT FORGET Shillong: Four MLAs of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) have resigned from the House. the State on the first day of the state budget session.
Speaking on the occasion, BHDRF leaders G Sungoh and P Phawa together with Thomas Passah said that the placement of Khanduli and Psiar Sector is not appropriate as it will cause problems to the Block. -1.
The Amateur Kabaddi Federation of India (AKFI) has announced the final names of the 14 members of the Kabaddi team for the 11th Asian Championships. Kabaddi Championship 2023; The tournament will start from today (27th) to 30th of this month in Busan, South Korea.
As the days and months of the Shad Niam Behdeiñkhlam in the Raij Jowai are approaching, the religious leaders of the Raij from the Dolloi, Pator, Langdoh, Sangot and Wasan have been busy performing the rituals or sacrifices. various religious rules and regulations which have been established since the beginning of the Raij of the Shnong.
He said that as universities in India do not have the same quality of education as other parts of the world, it has forced students to leave the country to pursue higher education.
The President also spoke on the challenges posed by climate change and said that there should be caution when planning or preparing activities in the coming years so that this does not affect the environment in the country. region Northeast.
He said that the garbage has not spread at all because it has been stored in one place and in the future the company will store the garbage properly so that it will not damage the environment. that it may not be a snare to the people.
“Nevertheless, the party together with the students will continue this protest,” he added.
It is the residence of the senior officers of the former Deputy Commissioner, Colonel Henry Stuart Bivar. British Colonial Rule.
Another said that Dr. Mukul Sangma's daughter is not from Ampati constituency but from Tura and this will also be one of the issues that will affect the Congress party in this election, said Esmatur.
The Farmer is like a Father who provides for the needs of all people so that they can live and save others because there is no living creature in this world without eating and drinking except statues. those standing on the streets and in shops or show rooms such as Khyndai Lad.
Since then, various policies have further facilitated the establishment of ethanol plants and provided reasonable prices for ethanol produced by molasses.
The Open Marathon Competition will be held on the 26th of this month, 2024 at 6:15 pm.
“I would like to clarify that those who say that if this happens, the court will fight because it will know that the employment share in the state is more than 50% as directed by the Supreme Court. “It's not like we're going to be able to do anything,” he said.
On the other hand, the students who failed to pass the examination alleged that this incident was due to the stinginess of the Post Office. Riangdo and Umdang villages fall under the Shallang BOP.
Ma Bishar Shylla, Waheh Shnong of Ialong, said that the closure of the tourist spot will remain in force until the government announces another one. don't stop before you come to this place.
The meeting was held at the Community Hall, Mawkyrwat where Bah Anvil Lyngdoh, Chief Adviser of UDP Mawkyrwat conducted the meeting.
Meanwhile, Kylie Minoque has already sent a message that she will not take part in Charles's coronation ceremony because she has to travel around the country. Please join us on that day.
It is worth mentioning that the collection of money will be held only 10 days before the polling day.
“I don’t feel there is a patriotic push that some feel there is to be.
At the same time, he advised them to find ways and means to plant more crops such as slasha and other crops according to the conditions of the land which can benefit them. farmer.
Tomorrow the match will be between Panaliar and Iawmulong Nartiang.
When consulting with the elders who have experienced the situation in society for a long time, they immediately put forward another way to participate instead of joining the political parties, if how can you throw stones?
“We will allow them to continue until the company through the office of the DC East Jaintia Hills, pays the compensation for the damage to the farmland,” said Bah Poly Pohleng, one of the owners of the damaged land. The company's road construction and signboard project along the Indo-Bangla border.
“It's like a jhur,” said Banrilang.
Regarding Amlarem Constituency, he said that next year the Commerce Stream will start at Nongtalang College and the Cabinet has decided to appoint four teachers.
"The Premier League is a very difficult league to win.
On the opening day, the Union Minister in charge of Tribal Affairs, V. Kishore Chandra Deo will be the chief guest and will inaugurate the festival which is expected to attract thousands of people. from all over the kingdoms shall come to take part.
Mawphlang SC beat Mawreng SC 1-0 in the 4th Division Under-20 Under-20 Championship 2013 at the 3rd Ground. MFA turf Polo, Shillong.
Shillong: There have been 262 new cases of corona virus in Shillong today.
Although India recently ranked 99th, the decline in their performance in the King's Cup, where India lost to Iraq in the semi-finals and also to Lebanon in the you rank five.
The people of Rilum Khasi have been facing a shortage of beef after the beef farmers have faced difficulties in getting the beef that comes to Meghalaya from other states through Assam.
The meeting also decided that after the meeting with the DC and NHAI, if the village leaders and the KSU do not take any other steps to force the government to build the road which has been abandoned for many years. Maintenance and every 1 KM of the road is filled with snow and ice which has turned into ponds during the rainy season.
Another example relates to Local Taxis as well as other types of commercial vehicles that at present have been set by the date on which they can operate, so that the owners of vehicles can keep information about the vehicle on the day they income, as well as the public can call if they need an emergency vehicle.
In the second leg, Tpep-Pale drew 1-1 with Mooknor Thadmuthlong.
“We who have to look after the peace and order have to look into such incidents and why people want to go out at night, we have to establish.
Even though I have been taking medication for years, the seizures have not subsided.
“He said that he will look into the matter regarding the demands of the MCCL employees,” said Bah Titos, after meeting with the Prime Minister on Tuesday evening.
Now we say that we want to implement the ILP in our state.
It is to be recalled that according to the order issued by the Sub Divisional Magistrate, Amlarem Civil Sub Division on Tuesday, the district administration on the 2nd of this month has held a meeting with all the stakeholders or villages. near Mynkjai, Jowai garbage dump.
Shillong, November 02: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle on Saturday held a Free Medical Camp at Kynjat Phutbol, ​​where about 400 people including children, women and women were treated. old.
“I also request the MLAs of the State to take this responsibility.
The KSU-SWKH has also announced that it will hold a public meeting on the 10th of this month at Mawkyrwat to discuss and take strong decisions against the attacks by the Garo rebels on the Khasi.
Pearly Dew Higher Secondary School beat St Dominic Higher Secondary School 1-0 while Christian Academy High School beat St Dominic Higher Secondary School 1-0 Seng Khasi College beat Government Boy's Higher Secondary School 4-1 and Mawlai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School beat Sacred Heart Hr.Sec.School 4-1 from 6-3.
Thus, it shows that “doubt” and “fear” have a Thymmei-Tyllong associated with the word “Two” – it may be because “fear” goes hand in hand with the feeling of “doubt”, we feel 'fear' – we feel 'two ways' about something uncertain.
Syngkli said that if the various parties, from the UDP, HSPDP, and others suspend the issuance of tickets to their candidates, by allowing Pastor Basaiawmoit at this time, It will be a blessing to the nation as a whole, because this Pastor has a goal to improve the welfare and improve many of the problems of the nation in the years to come.
The presence of faecal coliform and E Coli in water can lead to diarrhea, hemorrhagic colitis, hemolytic uremic syndrome, respiratory illness, pneumonia and other diseases such as meningitis, septicemia, urinary tract, which can lead to take the lives of the young and the old.
Even now that the number of positive cases has increased rapidly, we cannot trust anyone.
Online and Digital Learning:Recommendations are included to promote online learning in line with the recent increase in the pandemic to ensure the provision of alternative means of adequate learning when the always be present all the time between students and teacher is not possible.
The Iewduh used to be the Khasi Market, the Khasi Market, the Khasi Khasei Market, the Khasi-Khasei Market and the owners of the shops, the shopkeepers. in all the markets where the Dkhar lynkien does not have a shop or does not have a trade.
Teachers in SSA schools, deficit system and deficit pattern are still being cheated and deceived by the NPP-led MDA government in Meghalaya.
Accompanied by PM Sangma, Deputy Commissioner of East Garo Hills, PM Sangma, senior officials of MIDC and Commerce and Industries Department, including MDCL General Manager R Kharbuli.
BM Lanong From the meetings, discussions and many suggestions, requests, and demands, it is not known where the discussion on the work of the District Council between the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Home Affairs will lead. Mr. Anand Sharma MP and members of the Committee, along with the leaders of the 3 District Councils of the state and dozens of Seng Bhalang and others, who were present. at the Pinewood Hotel on Saturday 18th January
Sennacherib and Nebuchadnezzar, Ptolemy and Herod, Tisus and the Crusaders of Godfrey de Bouillon, Tamerlane and the Saracens of Saladin, all fought and burned and killed millions of people here. they shall fall by the sword, and by the famine in this city.
Now there is no need for soldiers.
According to Bah Suchiang, it is understood that there are about half of the land owners who have not yet received their land fees for their permission to erect signs on the border with Bangladesh. He estimates that there are about 30 households in parts of Huroi, Hingaria and other neighboring villages.
His speech has angered the nation and it is understood that he is speaking to instigate and provoke people to do things to cause trouble.
What has made him famous is that Bah Bring is the father of the 'clean government', the 'creator of the MLA scheme' and he also taught us to be brave to “Say yes to the right”. , and to say no to what should be said No".
Furthermore, to recognize Diengkseh as one of the agricultural products, to bring the sub division PWD Road to Rambrai.
Discipline Secy- Wellcome Dkhar 12.
About 50 motorcycles started from Umsning Square and passed through Shillong Bye-pass to Mawryngkneng and returned to Umsning via the same road.
On the other hand, the Minister urged all the people of the state not to take stingy of this as it can cause great suffering to the community and the family as a whole. to the public to be vigilant and strictly follow the rules and regulations.
The finals of all three categories, Under-14 for Men, Under-17 for Women and Men, are scheduled to be held today, 28th November, and the venue will be at the ground. In the Under-14 Boys category, the teams that reached the final included KB Memorial Secondary School (East Jaintia Hills) and HK Singh Secondary School (West Jaintia Hills). Hills) where these two teams will play today at 11 pm.
“Once the survey is completed, we will have another meeting with various groups and they will also have important suggestions to the State Government regarding the villages in the Langpih Sector,” he said. state.
Other speakers were JU Kharpuri, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District as the chief guest, Bah I. Lawrynniang, MCS, BDO Mawkyrwat C&RD Block; D.Sohtun, Chief Judicial Magistrate-cum-Secretary of the District Legal Services Authority (DLSA), South West Khasi Hills District and others.
In conclusion, “ka tyngkan, ka pai ka kem” before ryngkoh, is the first word from the longrympei of the Khasi people! Shri. Dap B.Syngkrem.
However, the question is, who will take care of the trees after they have been planted and whether those who plant them have the responsibility to take care of these trees, or is it just a spectacle? shishi, to plant and after that, to allow the goats, cows and jyrmie to kill these trees that are still growing.
They think that other nations and other religions are nothing to them.
“Arrest us land owners, why arrest Kong Agnes who is only our helper,” said Kong Lyngdoh.
The loss of property to the shopkeepers has been estimated at 10 lakh tyngka.
Trying to chase down the target, YALM were bowled out for 172 runs in 19.2 overs.
Speaking to media, the group's spokesperson, Bah KL Pariat said that according to the information they have received, the state government has decided to withdraw the demands put forward by the group. Minister who will be long shen.
Adelbert lodged a complaint with the Sadar Police Station Officer, Kamal Thapa.
On the absence of Bah Hoping, Bah Mawsor said that he is in a weak body, as he has just been treated.
After investigation, they were sent back to Khliehtriat.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The disputes within the ARPA have shown that it has no longer been resolved to forgive only once, but twice.
The Chief Minister said that through the contribution of the people to the Chief Minister Fund, the state government has been able to purchase 25 ambulances in the state.
“As you can see, the MCCL is the source of income for the people of Sohra.
Speaking to media, Bah K Suting said that this action of MeECL has affected the residents of this area who live on day labor to survive. to his household.
He said that it has been decided that those who earn less than 1.8 lakh tyngka per annum do not have to pay this tax.
On the other hand, the Synjuk Seng Youth Upper Shillong Circle has urged that if the contractors bring in foreign workers, they should have the necessary documents before entering the village so that they can avoid the trouble. He also warned the owners of houses not to rent to foreigners and especially those who do not have proper documents to prove that they are Indian citizens. from time to time they constantly happen to the natives to be struck or injured frequently.
We see from all the above that oxygen is essential to the life of man and animals.
The President of India, Draoupadi Murmu, said that they were hungry all day during the opening ceremony of the Meghalaya Games 2024 in Tura.
It is to be recalled that in 2023, there are 29 places where the Seiñ Raij Tuber, East Jaintia Hills District, has organized and will hold this Sukra festival.
In the dress code, there are the following :-i) Beautiful dressi) Modest dressiii) Immodest dress) Modest dress of a person or clothes of a person is to protect the your longry is not a person.
John said that on the other hand, Bah Kharbuki said that most of the trade licenses issued by the District Council are those who have not received the NOC or permission from the Shnongs. Syiem and it will be a problem for the Council if it does not.
According to the findings of the Union, the reasons for the delay in the working methods, is because the BDO of the Block, has been assigned too many tasks and that is
There have been 33,009 returnees from abroad till 2 pm today.
It must be said that he too did not look far, that he accepted the laws of former Sangma, although he should have understood the wish of the people of the State, to issue an inner line permit (ilp), However, it is not easy, if it does not have the support of many churches, because it is not a law, it is not passed by Parliament and it is not signed by the President of India. This happened in the past few days in Manipur.
These include 226 BSF personnel, 233 civilians and 59 soldiers.
This meeting was beneficial for both the police and the village leaders as it was an opportunity to discuss and resolve the issues that have been raised. meeting in the past few days on the lock down.
However, the 4th teachers and AMSSASTA Ribhoi are ready to welcome, if the government will transfer their posts from UP section to LP Section with proper appointment provided by the government so that the 4th teachers they shall not be made subject to the government.
Shillong: Drivers under the umbrella of the Meghalaya Joint Action Committee of Commercial Vehicles (MJACCV) have said that they have no difference if the government revokes their permits.
“The opening ceremony of the North East Fruit Wine Incubation Center at IHM Shillong is the first festival in the North East.
The protest ended after the government promised to allow a High Level Committee to look into the documents on the demand for the relocation of the Metor area and the government informed the people. They have been arrested for shooting a child in Them Metor on the 31st of July.
Shillong: Six days after the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh announced that the farmers have been extended to pay their loans, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang said that it would be better if the the government will forgive all the debts of the farmers.
This cannot be done.
The earthquake affected Meghalaya, Assam, Manipur and other states and no casualties were reported.
All the speakers from various political parties at the rally in Motphran before the march strongly condemned the government led by Dr Mukul Sangma for its plan to abolish the village authority by withdrawing from the district. council and have threatened that they will never allow this to happen.
In the letter, dated 22nd March 2019, it was reminded that the decision of the dorbar, is that only those who live within the villages of Mawphlang Hima, can register themselves, but it was said that the serial number , from Mawngap Mawsmai, who lives in Sohra and lives in Riatsamthiah, Serial No. 70, who lives in Laitmawhing, and Sl No. 191, who lives in Nongrum, Mawphlang. Polo Shillong and sl no.218 of Nongrum Mawphlang, who lives in Governor Quarter. decision of the Dorbar.
The Government comes and goes, every three years, we elect leaders, some are still alive, some have died, some are new, but there will be those who believe in the border of the State. we.
On Saturday, the Sohra MLA inaugurated the 5 KM road connecting Warwar to Khrang Village which has been funded under the Central Government Scheme. Road Fund (CRF) at a cost of Rs 3 crore 65 lakh.
Also inform the Electrical Inspector to inspect the electricity supply.
Shillong: The Seng Khihlang has condemned the use of Khasi traditional instruments in church services by other religious groups from the Christian church.
The internet was shut down on the 12th of this month and was supposed to end on Saturday, but through this new extension, it is expected to end on Tuesday evening, in case of the government does not extend further.
Both the leaders on this occasion donated money as part of the show of their participation in the fundraising.
If we turn back to the environmental protection, we see that it is no longer there these days, many mountains and rivers have been destroyed, there are no trees and shrubs which has put this state in danger. which can reach the limit of drying up water at some point.
The skin is blue, the face is round, the hair is not tall.
Meghalaya will play in four group matches in Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh, where they will have to play one of the strongest teams of Bengal. , Uttarakhand, Hyderabad, Delhi and Maharashtra.
Jesus cried over Jerusalem (Matthew 23:37-39) and the Father said it was “a great desolation”.
Where did Jesus come from? On the Mount of Olives.
In the women's category, India suffered their first Group-B defeat to Chinese Taipei 2-1 in Hangzhou.
The murder of the man took place on January 25, 2020, which sparked mass protests and protests from the people of Minneapolis as well as other cities. city ​​of the US.Following his death, the Minnesota Department of Human Rights took over the investigation into the incident, which concluded the case in 2022 and obtained The reason for the incident was that the killing of the Rangbah Dohiong was due to ethnic discrimination within the police department.
Ghosh said the festival should raise funds for relief to the flood victims in Chennai.
The MPCC President believes that the MLAs who walk in the right path will return to the Congress.
In the men's category, Bankerlang Nongkhlaw (55kg) of St. Anthony's College, Enistone R. Marak (65kg) of Shillong Commerce College, Marthaniel Tariang (70kg) of St. Edmunds College, Nangapjingbha Nongrum (80kg) ) of Shillong Commerce College and Vishal Dey (85kg) of St. Edmund's College.
In addition, in the past years, the government has directed the Public Health Engineering Department to conduct programs in the villages to raise awareness among the people that every household should have toilets. or adequate toilet facilities.
The death toll in Maharashtra has risen to 127, Madhya Pradesh 36, Gujarat 22 and Delhi
“We are concerned about the lack of cooperation (of Adhoc school teachers) and over the demands of the teachers.
Shillong, March 19: Twenty-nine MDCs of GHADC were sworn in by the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Pravin Bakshi at the District Council.
Both sides will be able to curb illegal activities at the border through cooperation,” Islam said.
The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 1.45 lakh, with 4,167 deaths and 146 deaths in the past 24 hours.
The functions of the Commission are also to oversee the matters relating to education in Meghalaya, the management of Aided Schools and Colleges, the functioning of School Managing Committees, to bring together schools and colleges receiving financial assistance from the Government and to advise on the upgrading of aided schools, to ensure that the salaries of teachers of aided schools The Government should be equal especially to the Government run schools, to look after the problems of teachers in Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) schools and to improve especially the schools which cannot improve, the number of teachers of schools, shortage of children in schools, lack of only one teacher in schools, problems related to teachers in the mother tongue especially in border villages, to assess the situation, problems of the Ministry of Education, to provide advice on improvement and resolution of problems, to introduce comprehensive regulations relating to the Ministry of Education, to provide feedback on policies approved by the Government and Expert Groups of Agencies, to revise the Meghalaya State Education Policy and NEP 2020 and to develop guidelines/recommendations on Syllabus and Curriculum Framework for schools.
“I cannot explain to you what we are investigating and how we are conducting the investigation but I can only tell you that we have investigated this case”.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: Miss Markor Rngaid has won the title of Miss Nongnah Area at the ST.Shillong. The second runner-up was Miss Lapyntngen KRyja and the first runner-up was Miss Angela Shangdiar.
“There are less than 80 vehicles because some of them have been damaged and put inside the factories,” said the drivers.
Principal Secretary KN Kumar in his speech said that Meghalaya is the largest producer of biscuits in the country, and produces about 50,000MT every year without any assistance from the government. which is not enough for the farmers.
The meeting was held at the DC Office, Khliehriat in the presence of Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Abhilash Baranwal, Addl.SP of East Jaintia Hills, Banraplang Jyrwa and other senior officials. participate in this meeting.
All forty-five groups came to take part in this sohniamtra market.
“Some of the stars who will take part include Shiva Thapa who has competed twice in the Olympics, as well as Amit Panghal who won the Asian Games
The Amra Bangali, which has a branch office in Assam, has appealed to the court demanding the repeal of the ILP in Manipur.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong beat Marbisu Sports Club 1-0 in the U-18 Shillong Premier League 2019 at the MFA Ground at Polo.
It is true that although tourism has grown well in the state, only a few people are able to stand on their own feet.
Police said that from these five persons, they also seized several mobile phones, SIM cards and other necessary documents, including a ' handset' which is used to distribute intelligence on security operations to other foreign service agencies.
And if this intention of the Government through the Wild Life Department is given the authority to proceed with the declaration of Eco Sensitive Zone in the land rightfully owned by the people, the Joint Action Committee together with the people of They cannot appeal to the Supreme Court.
Upon receiving the bill, the residents of the MeECL office, Pynursla, have been angry with the Revenue Department of Pynursla. in Nenggate, Pynursla last month.
He said the party has raised this issue because it has caused problems to the people due to the issuance of a notice by MUDA in July this year to expand its boundary.
On Monday, 23 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, one person died, bringing the death toll to 1459 in the state.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has announced the name of its General Secretary, Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon as the party's candidate for the upcoming MP election from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
On the other hand, the troops have also arrested two persons involved in this incident and seized the truck used by them.
Residents of the area said that after the incident, the couple who lived in the house fled after the incident.
The District Election Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, today said that according to the order issued by the Election Commission of India, all voters who have received their Electoral Photo Identity Cards (EPIC) must bring them with them to the polling station. polling station on the day of polling.
Bah Khongkhlad said that this is not only one parking lot, but there are two other parking lots which are under construction and will be completed soon. vehicles or other volunteers, up to 120 people.
The one-day program was held on the 14th of this month at Umiew village from 11 am.
Therefore, through this victory, she also paid tribute to her parents that it is through their encouragement and support that she as a student has reached the goal of victory. God has protected her in her journey at all times.
The Minister of State, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, on July 5, said that the people of Jaintia Hills cannot survive if the government bans the mining of coal.
According to Bhattacharjee, Moses was brought here for trial on charges of smuggling drugs worth T.20 lakh in 2011, after he fled.
From the Laloo Kur came the Pyrbot, Hek, Iongkjam, Nartiang, Larom, Doom and others, said George Lamin.
The incident occurred near Al-Shifa hospital, while Israel has denied Gaza's claims, but said it was a terrorist vehicle. They said that those in the vehicle were Hamas fighters, so they threw a powerful bomb.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Marbud, who came to support the protest of the VPP MLAs at the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat, said that the people do not accept the party.
Bah PT Sawkmie also expressed his concern regarding the kilo cut of produce when selling it to the market and said that if the Prime Minister comes with his own from the UDP in They urged the Prime Minister to issue an order to stop and arrest those who cut kilos of agricultural products that are sold in the market.
The BJP has alleged that kidnappings and extortion cases are happening every day in Garo Hills.
On the VVP's request to convene a special session to discuss the implementation of the Roster System and the allocation of jobs in the State, Dr. Mawthoh said, “Of course, this needs to be discussed in the House. and the multitudes wanted to see the light.
Conrad said this while addressing a meeting of all Deputy Commissioners, Sub-Divisional Officers (Civil) and other officers held at Hotel Pinewood in Shillong on Friday.
The vehicle was handed over in the presence of Ladaplin P Hayong, Lurman B Talang, General Secretary KSU War Jaintia Circle and Platini Mukhim. The KSU said that from time to time the government has demanded to provide ambulances in the area, but there is no sign that the government will provide the needs of the hospitals. in the Jaintia War.
Nar bridge in Kynshi Bangla village collapsed: Rupang.
It was also found that the skhor of this child was lost.
After a goalless draw in the group stage, India won 2-0 to win the Hero Intercontinental Cup in Bhubaneswar.
“As estimated, Punjab police have seized 716.9 kilos of heroin from most parts of the state and another 147.5 kilos of heroin has been seized by the group. Police from Gujarat and Maharashtra checkpoints, where the total amount of drugs seized was 863.9 kilos.
“Out of T.14.39 crore, up to T.1361.45 lakh has been paid to the contractors who have completed the work and there are still works that remain to be completed immediately,” he said.
He said that there are 10 constituencies in Category A, 20 in Category B and 15 in Category C. tell.
“I am very pleased with the Police Department that they have taken action at the right time and have done a good job in maintaining peace and order,” he said.
Kejriwal said that wearing a mask is essential for everyone when they leave their homes and there are also masks covered with clothes.
He urged the Council to summon the All Broom Stick Association and if they cannot raise the price, their license should be revoked.
The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016 aims to bring about major changes in the registration of citizenship as well as the immigration laws in the country.
He said that the United States has been trying its best to develop India so that it can compete with China in many areas, but the US does not want to interfere in this regard. India-Canada relations during this period.
Bah HS Shylla CEM KHADC was also the chief guest.
“Yes, but you don't know, he will understand.
Shylla said that the Khlieh Nongsynshar Association was established so that everyone can be under one umbrella and this will strengthen in many ways because it is no longer useful to talk only 2, 3 people in the any platform, but have to show unity and solidarity.
He said that the Ministry of Home Affairs should look into the peace and order in the state and recently the house of the Minister of State was also attacked in Shillong.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Namdong Area Unit has announced that it will distribute awards to the students who have passed well in the examinations of SSLC, HSSLC, Postgraduate and other examinations. Ksehrynshang, Mobakhon and 5-Village areas to Ladmyngor Village.
Let us remember; how many covid deaths are there in the state, till date?You, too, may have “brain rest" issues.
As the days go by, the infiltration of mynder in different parts of the country and abroad, has created more and more problems for this small community.
According to him, the NPP Shillong City Unit has also been involved in this regard.
About two thousand years ago, a baby was born in the Judean town of Bethlehem.
In East Garo Hills, one case is high risk contact and in South West Garo Hills, one case is in Mahendraganj cluster.
The union also said that the Co-ordination Committee should be set up between the Commandants as it will bring about the relationship between the border residents and the BSF. They also demanded that the office of the Department of Agriculture and Water Soil Conservation should be removed about 10 kilometers from Amlarem. to the Tourism Department to build a park as this area is a popular tourist destination and demanded the completion of the construction of Leshka-ii as soon as possible.
Shillong: U Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MLA Alexander L Hek on Tuesday said, “On the Medical College in the state, it is as if the Symbud Chief Minister has said that they have been deceiving the people for five years. spirit has been there for five years.
I also have T7500 a month.
This is no longer a matter to be taken lightly because it has spread even to the rural areas,” said the Minister.
Mukoilum Village is actually still within Meghalaya, and this area is also part of the Khajia (Dispute Area), but the Assam Government has refused to set up a Police Outpost in this area for many years. It is like allowing Assam to take over the land.
This thing is different from what should appear in the truth, which means that the dark color is bright, as well as in the light power that is measured, the blue color is bright. and the bright color is the blue.
Speaking to media, Louis Mukhim, Sordar of Diengpasoh Pyllun, said that as it has appeared in the newspapers that the Sordar of Diengpasoh has been violent, he has clarified that the Sordar of Diengpasoh has been violent. He is not higher than the Dorbar Shnong, if the Sordar Shnong goes beyond what has been decided in the Dorbar, which means that there is no need for outsiders to come and interfere, because the villagers also know. hi to do what is necessary.
The Samaritan woman told Jesus that her ancestors worshiped at the temple on that mountain.
Speaking on Meghalaya, she said that corruption and decline in economic growth are evident.
From what was seen yesterday, when these youths from Ummat-1 village, who came from that place to Nongpoh, just to take these equipments to use during the games, which was not They also said that they are only small, they are very sorry for these youths and what is more painful to hear the voice, is after they said that the youths in this area, do not get any assistance from the government or representative, especially when it comes to the need in various sporting activities.
The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) through an RTI search has found that the state government in the past three years has spent and wasted more than T.4 crore of public money. Chairman, Co-Chairman, Vice-Chairman, Deputy Chairman and members of the Meghalaya Economic Development Council (MEDC) and the Meghalaya Resource and Employment Generation Council (MREGC).
Today, even the roads to reach the village have caused difficulties for vehicles to travel due to the cold weather along the road.
However, this will not be the case, but it is necessary for believers to understand that the churches they have are really only schools to teach them how to grow spiritually in order to strengthen their relationship. personally with God.
This has caused a lot of damage to our environment.
In a meeting with the media on 27th July 2020 at Shillong Press Club, the group in the presence of the President of the Meghalaya Film Makers Association, Bah Commander, launched the poster of the film. “Anna” On the other hand, the team of this film has appealed to the public to give their full support as they have supported other Khasi films.
There are 6 trainers in this program and they are experienced in the field.
Nongstoiñ, November 29: The Khasi and Garo people in East Garo Hills have expressed their difficulty in walking to the nearest markets in the villages in East Garo Hills. walk along the dirt road and the wooden bridge.
Earlier, the Principal of the school, Kong K Diengdoh, explained the story of the school from its inception until it reached this milestone to celebrate its 25th anniversary.
However, this time he has joined the HSPDP and will contest the 2023 election from this party.
Rahul Bheke scored the first goal of the match against Air Force Club in the AFC Champions League in Riyadh. League 2022.
“Shong Hep, I feel sorry for you because I understand that you really love me...” Lydia said happily. “Yes Lydia, I am ready to surrender myself to you...” said Hep.
The former North Shillong speaker has a net worth of Rs 30 crore.
Speaking to media, Chyne said that the MDCs of KHADC today decided to reject some of the issues which may affect the Councils.
It is necessary to explain this topic, "Maximum God versus Minimum Wage"
As long as the traditional customs stand, the nation is still happy because as long as we know the thning, it is easier to find the root and strengthen our tradition according to the stories.
They should therefore be encouraged and honored as well.
The Seng Khasi, cannot fail to remember the contribution of this Rangbah in the field of preservation of the customs and traditions of the Khasi people. , in Lyngkyrdem, the Eastern War and in the Khasi Hills as a whole.
Dr Shirley Vandersteen, a Western scholar, says, 'The word is like a sword, once you release it, it will never come back.
Lajong, which is also a new team in the tournament, did not play well on the opening day and it was also due to the lack of opportunity to play at home due to the lack of support from the state government and the sports department. The first ground Polo ground has been selected by the AIFF to host the tournament this season.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) General Secretary Jemino Mawthoh on Tuesday said that the UDP has nothing to do with the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) led by the National League for Democracy (NLD). BJP in the Central Government.
Shillong: Members of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM) on Tuesday met with the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma at his residence at Bivar Road Shillong on the morning of 18th October At this meeting, a petition was submitted, as a reminder of the long-standing demands of the adhoc school teachers, namely to upgrade the deficit status of all adhoc schools in Meghalaya from LP to Higher. Secondary School.
The committee is headed by Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Chairman and Secretary, Bah R.Wanniang, Joint Secretary, KHADC. including herbalists and from voluntary organisations.
In this regard, the venue of Banerjee's public meeting has not yet been confirmed.
When they reached a Wahbah Wahsan, the women and children did not want to go to the other side of the river so they stayed at Shiliang.
All the speakers from the MLA and MDC announced the step taken by the college to preserve the culture and traditions by introducing this training in the traditional music.
Why doesn't the government promote private factories?
Shillong, July 3: Ka HANM has welcomed three members who have been released from jail by the President of the Women's Wing Bity Jyrwa in the presence of the President of the Wing Bah Lamphrang Kharbani. .
It is learned that many of these vehicles do not have the new model Bsvi, according to the directive of the Ministry of Roads, Transport and Highways.
The union has also inspected and found many shortcomings inside the hospital, ranging from the lack of staff, Internet, Ambulances and offices.
(Batskhem Myrboh is a lecturer in Political Science, Synod College and spokesperson for the Voice of the People Party).
Nongstoiñ, Lber 11: The MP candidate from Shillong Seat, Bah Vincent Pala on Tuesday gathered with the office bearers and supporters of the Congress party from West Khasi Hills for a meeting before going to the party. election campaign in different parts of the District and the State.
The Assam government through the PWD department has allocated Rs 71.59 lakh for the construction of the 1.203km road from Patgaon to Bakhlapara. M/S Mahabahu Associate and Engineers The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) led by Samla, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang President and Paiem Patrick have angered the Assam government. Syiemiong, Syiem of Nongspung Hima under the leadership of Samla Received Pator President, together with the leaders of Raid Warmawsaw today visited the construction site of the new road at Bakhlapara village of Hima. Nongspung in Ri Bhoi District and found that the construction of the road is progressing well.
Flybig used the Bombardier Dash 8 Q400 aircraft, which was originally used by Spicejet.
Lahkmen said that many of the Sub Divisional School Education Officers (SDSEOs) have already submitted their reports on the schools that have been destroyed in their respective areas so that the Government can take action. eiei within the current year.
Shillong, Nailur 29: Shillong Lajong Football Club (SLFC) today eagerly awaited the result of its victory against Pune. Football Club, but the SLFC, has received 21,500 players.
She was taken to the hospital on Tuesday morning after she became seriously ill and was sent for treatment.
After the public meeting, the VPP has recruited new members for the 5th Sutnga Saipung and 6th Khliehriat Constituencies.
The villages in Narpuh district that have lost the most electricity include Sonapyrdi, Tongseng, Lum Tongseng, Umsatain, Lummyrli, Kuliang and others.
He said that the ILP is a law passed by the Government.
The speakers also said that the people should seek information and appreciate the Lokayukta as it is a tool to fight against corruption, whether by government officials or even their leaders, when they implement the your MLA Scheme.
To inquire about the reason for their defeat, Rupang spoke to Titos W Chyne MLA Sohra who was defeated by the Congress candidate from Sohra Donevan Kharwanlang.
It is an independent or autonomous body without any restrictions from the government authorities in the conduct of elections.
Nadda was speaking at the joint national executive meeting of the seven fronts of the BJP which ended on Tuesday.
The three arrested from Pynthor are Paul Miki Kharkongor, Jerry Mawthoh and Tonbor Wankhar from Pynthorbah Block III. Gajendar Rai's meeting at 11 o'clock.
Nongpoh, July 02: The Nongpoh Bar Association (NBA) in Nongpoh today expressed its deep sorrow after it appeared in the newspapers that they have been accused of being allowed to bar. neglected as Lawyers.
Speaking to media, HANM President Bah Lamphrang Kharbani said, “In 1951, the United Mikir and North Cachar Hills Districts were formed. Jowai Civil Subdivision and was merged with Mikir Hills by order of the Governor of Assam, No. TAD/R/31/50/149, dated 13th April,
According to the Tourism Department, the influx of tourists in the state in the past few years is as follows: in 2016, the influx of tourists from India was more than 8 lakh. and about 8,000 tourists from overseas.
in/publichearing.
They were despised and treated badly.
On the other hand, the union has already made it clear that if it cannot be completed within the stipulated time, the union will take other strong measures.
The KSU on Tuesday handed over this vehicle to the doctor in charge of Jarain PHC. “...to facilitate the movement of the people who have been affected by the curfew to fight against COVID-1 “We have donated this vehicle to serve those who urgently need a vehicle to go to the hospitals from this PHC as well as to go back to their homes,” he said. u Laitphar Syngkrem president KSU War Jaintia Circle.
The recruitment process in these schools has also shown a lack of transparency on the part of the recruiters, who are based at the headquarters in Imphal (Manipur), where there are no vacancies for the Scheduled Tribes. Meghalaya is the most paid citizen of the state.
Pynshngain said the Governor has promised to complete the remaining work soon.
Some of them were completely destroyed by being robbed of the little they had.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Donkupar Sumer, Chairman of the JAC, said that a group of land owners in Ri Bhoi District including Sumer area have taken a firm decision to stand against the land owners. MeECL has not informed that the areas affected by the state government in the construction of the Shillong Western Bypass road are under the jurisdiction of this department.
He may be sad or disappointed that no one appreciates the food he has prepared.
Rotar Warjri, President, Marbel Star Warjri and Buksing Warjri, Vice President; Bah Wantar Warjri, Adviser; Bah Tairos Sing Warjri, Secretary; Mr. Pynshailang Warjri, Assistant Secretary; Kong Martidoris Warjri, Finance Secretary; Kong Dadi Warjri, Treasurer; Bah Maktur Sing Warjri, Publicity Secretary; and Bah David Warjri, Assistant Publicity Secretary.
When asked about the statement of the Prime Minister, the Minister of Home Affairs said, “I am not the spokesperson of the Prime Minister and I don't know what he has said yet. What is needed is to maintain the peace and order of the citizens of the state”.
It was not until 1994 that the government paid 3 LPS Deficit teachers, 1 Sdhoc and 4 Adhoc teachers and Secondary teachers are still paid by the Church.
He said that the suggestion of HANM and the Union of Village Authorities of Nongthliew Area is that the State Government should implement the project from the old road from Mawmaram to Ri-Bhoi. so that the project will not be in vain and will benefit the people and avoid traffic jam in Shillong as a whole.
A true Leader does not show partiality.
Shillong, Jymmang 18 : The Khasi College, which is in the midst of celebrating its Golden Jubilee, has won the Inter School Invitational Futsal Competition for boys.
The search operation continues at the time of writing.
The KSU has protested against the three districts including South West, West Khasi and Ri-Bhoi districts after the map submitted by the ANVC to the Central Government in These three districts are located in the Khasi Hills and Garoland State.
The union urges and requests not to take advantage of the area because the people are listening because it is impossible to know what else will happen to the Corporation when the people are silent.
We too, when we come here, we come with joy and pray for our family, that God, who knows better than all these things, will be with us and take care of our family. one”, said the MLA/MDC of Nongstoin.
It is the spirit of selflessness that we need in these days when we have to face the great challenge of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Even in one day he saw T2000 and T3000 coming.
The Prime Minister said that human development is the key to the government's decision to move forward with the second phase of the project.
Francis said no to all the short ones.
I remember earlier, when I married my daughter.
Pyrtuh said that according to the RTI, one person has been appointed as an attendant in radio therapy who has been confirmed since July 6,
He encouraged the residents to plant more trees which will help to improve the drinking water sources and the fertility of the soil, to protect the plants and at the same time it will be a blessing and a great wealth. If we take care to ensure that there is no corruption but to live and walk in harmony with nature and all that is in it.
These Bangladeshis came without wearing masks and social distancing. They stood and gathered in groups at the same place near the places where the people used to shoot.
He said that the theft came from a website that has nothing to do with MBoSE. There are nine websites linked to MBoSE including www.megresults.
When we visited the hospital, we found that there are very few people who come to take medicines and there are only a few people who come to the hospital.
According to the people who saw him that night, he got into an unidentified vehicle and since that day he has not returned. Please contact your family members on 762967195 or the nearest police station.
The three Meghalaya players, Riticia Nongbet, Luiza Tamang and Debasmita Dutta, were elected as the captains of the team.
The wild fig tree is more expensive than the wild fig tree.
Following the order of the Prime Minister, Deputy Commissioner of Kamrup (Metro) Pallav Gopal Jha visited the site on Tuesday night and conducted the implementation for the relocation of smugglers from the roads.
The Director said that for the time being, the serial numbers are still being written instead of the sohskhor, until it is better arranged.
These foreigners fled the scene with injuries and are nowhere to be found.
If you have any complaints regarding the distribution of rice according to the price, please contact the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District or call The toll free number is 1697 and they can also lodge a complaint with the District Grievance Officer, the Deputy Commissioner said.
Party supporters from Mysuru, Chamarajanagar, Mandya and Hassan Lok Sabha constituencies are expected to take part in the rally.
When he saw that the kuratia had covered his son, Subiansyah threw himself into the kuratia, with the intention of pulling the child out of the mouth of the kuratia.
Furthermore, if Farooq Abdullah, President of the National Conference (NC) and Mehbooba Mufti, President of the People's Democratic Party (PDP), both former Chief Ministers agree on the basis of the Instrument of Accession, Article 370 of the Constitution of Jammu & Kashmir, and if Thuingaleng Muivah, General Secretary, NSCN-IM can explain on the basis of the nation, whether the presidents/general secretaries of the national parties, the two MPs, 36MLA, 60MDC Khasi Jaintia people in Hynniewtrep are strong and clear on their position that it should be clear in the Constitution of India – if they are not clear, 2023 has come. The people who have thought carefully to elect the parties or leaders like MPs, MLAs and MDCs who have clear grounds and do not hesitate to speak out on the unique history & status of the Khasi states and India. .
He was also involved in the movement for statehood in his youth.
Speaking to reporters after leaving the Secretary's office, Richard Nongspung said that the Raid Tynring wants the KHADC to lift the suspension of the Raid Sordar. The Secretary has promised to take up the matter with the authorities and the people of Raid Tynring have given time until the 5th of June which is Saturday for the Council to take up the matter. They promised that if the Council does not lift the suspension order, they will consider what action to take.
Shillong: U Minister of Home Affairs, Ma Lakmen Rymbui, today said that 10 persons have been arrested in connection with the killing of the Asiatic Black Bear. there is no kind in the earth.
Spastarlin Nongrem, on the other hand, is one of the most prominent teachers and at the same time he is also the advisor of the Khasi Pharmaceutical Union of West Khasi Hills.
The five parties also invited all the Rangbah Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District to take the time to attend the meeting so that the meeting can run smoothly.
“To prepare for the 2023 elections, the party will move forward with new leaders and we will no longer trust the leaders, because all the party leaders have turned over the office bearers in the party. “The Congress will no longer rely only on the party leaders, but on the party leaders,” said the MPCC president. “I don't have any young leaders who have come to join the party and I have a strong hope of winning,” said Pala.
Those who don't have money don't have money.
Hiraben lives in Gandhinagar with her son Pankaj Modi.
He praised their dedication to the work they do and their contribution to the development of the community.
Your rights are not guaranteed by the Constitution of India.
However, since the NPP-led MDA Government took over, the scheme has not been implemented according to the recommendation of the Commission, as the Congress government did in the past.
He said that this special day was first celebrated in 2002 through the International Labor Organization.
