The winner received a cash prize of 10/- thousand tyngka.
“Ka Seng expresses its concern over the influx of foreign vehicles to these areas,” said Ennocent.
Some of Bah Shanbor's friends went straight to Bah Let's house to look for him, because they knew well of the enmity that had happened between them.
Speaking on the occasion, the Rangbah Shnongs of the villages, including Nikthil Marak, President of All Killing, said that the presence of the quarry here has given the villagers They have made it clear that they are not against Uranus Stone Production and Co.
Hunbait Shullet said the cause of the fire is unknown.
Isaiah 27:12–13.
Shillong: The Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, after a meeting with the leaders of FKJGP, KSU and MEMRIWU today, said that Speaking to media after the meeting with these leaders, Bah Hek said that the meeting was held to discuss the demands of the EMRI workers. They have understood the problems of the government and the government has understood the problems faced by the workers.
They emphasize the principle that women are the heirs, caretakers and managers of the wealth of the kur and the household.
On the other hand, the Union Minister has ordered himself to send for a new project otherwise the project will be cancelled.
When the indigenous people have been able to take over the job, why should the non-indigenous people be allowed to work? Do the indigenous people not know how to work?
Shillong, March 15: The KHNAM has held a meeting at Ummulong to confirm the election of Ma Inocent Shadap as the candidate for the 1st Nartiang constituency.
Among those who joined the party was Bah BB Warjri, former MDC Mawthadraishan.
What was blasphemy in ancient Rome? Emperor Augustus of ancient Rome equated himself with God by declaring that he had received the title Reverend or Revd or Rev. But the word Reverend is used to address only God.
Shillong: The State Government has decided to close down schools in Shillong; for 14 days and this will come into effect from tomorrow, 20th June
This is the command of Jesus to the 11 who went out to preach the Gospel.
On his resignation as MDC, he said that he went to the dorbar to pass a law and when the law is passed, it has to be followed according to the law that he passed for the safety and security of the people. public.
He said that they violated his religious rights by not even allowing him to wear the Rosary while he was in prison.
The incident, which was very shocking, was that the couple had to stay away from each other, just because of the ksew.
“You mean I didn’t save any money? The allegations against me that I have become richer because of COVID money, are baseless," he said.
But there is another thought in us human beings when it comes to the world.
He said the purpose of building fish sanctuaries is to preserve the fish produced in the State and to increase income.
The Mawkyrwat Youth Development Association (MYDA) today led by its President, Bah Elevenson Wanniang, today awarded the prizes to the Mawkyrwat Youth Development Association (MYDA). with words of encouragement to them to be hardworking and diligent people in this field so that they can bring and reap the fruits of victory.
He said that he has received an invitation from the elders of the area to start his work as a leader and he has strongly criticized the inactivity and neglect of the incumbent MLA for the constituency as a whole The constituency as a whole is responsible for the development and other needs of the people.
“If the Assembly or the Government decides to accept any demand of the contractor, the Seng will strongly oppose and will not allow such corruption to continue,” said the Seng.
Bah Massar, who is a former MLA from Nongskhen constituency, said that it is not appropriate for people to talk about it in the media, or to write in the media because it cannot reach anywhere. but the best way is to go to the court for a decision.
He said that as in Mawsikar, all the schemes that benefit the people such as schools, 100 days jobs, electricity and others, come from the Meghalaya government.
The woman gave birth a day late and the garbage was stuck inside.
The Minister said that the people of Nongkrem constituency have seen and will judge the work he has done for the Mawhati constituency in the last five years of his leadership.
In terms of the fourth amendment to the Constitution, the Dist.
The turmoil should not lead to conflict between the villagers because after the elections, we will all have to need each other again as usual.
He said the MDA government has brought many initiatives for the betterment of the future of the youth in the state whether in their own organization and others in the state.
Dr Ampareen said Abhishek's remarks have shown that Dr Mukul Sangma has left the TMC.
As a hospital that has advanced in the field of excellence, Bethany Hospital has continued to implement measures in accordance with the standards set by the National Accreditation Board for Hospitals and Healthcare Providers (NABH) and National Accreditation Body for Testing and Calibration Laboratories (NABL) within the region.
He said that if you plant synsar in a farm with 1000 trees, the yield of synsar at the time of harvest can be only about 50 kilos.
“The council has a committee on Customary Law, but this committee has not been established because no Dolloi has submitted a letter to the council so that we can pass a law on it. Customs and Customs.
A reporter who visited Ïewduh on Saturday witnessed that many of the shops in the market have closed down due to the high price of the market.
At the same time, Kong Kharshiing has lodged a complaint against the decision of the state government.
There is a fear in the village that there may be an infection in many of those who attended the funeral yesterday and therefore they have decided to hold a curfew. , to prevent the entry and exit of the residents, to prevent the spread of the disease in the village.
We need to go to all places to spread the BJP in the rural areas.
(L) BC Bania, the founder of Table Tennis in Meghalaya, was also acknowledged at the tournament.
Sangma, the Congress government of Meghalaya and Hiteshwar Saikia of the Congress government of Assam have unanimously appointed the Chandrachud Committee headed by YV Chandrachud, former Chief Justice (CJ) of the Supreme Court and VS Deshpande CJ of Delhi. The High Court, with other members to assist, has taken up the hearing on the border dispute between the two states.
“Replying to the UDP's position regarding the Roster System, Bah Metbah said that this is a very serious issue.
Speeches were delivered by Bah Enos G. Momon President Malang Area Development Organization and others.
Shillong: The Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, today said that the government is looking for roads to operate tourist vehicles to avoid traffic jam in the city.
Replying to the allegation by the Congress government in the state, BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh said that the visit of NDA ministers from Delhi to the state has caused many problems. faithfully as if they were just coming.
Nine children were killed and 65 others wounded in Israeli air strikes in parts of Gaza and parts of Myanmar. the coastal strip.
They try to pretend not to see all the illegal activities whether it is illegal mining and trading of coal, allowing illegal coke factories to operate and awarding contract jobs without going through the rules to some people who fill to their purse.
The union has warned these petrol pumps that if they cannot supply petrol or diesel, the union will not hesitate to take other measures, so that the people can travel safely.
On the other hand, these village leaders demanded that the BOP should be set up at Moothasiangkwai to avoid any border disputes in the future and it will also be safe for the residents of Moothasiangkwai. places.
Regarding the incident, the Congress MLA from Mawsynram, who is also a member of the PAC, said that the police need to take action on the incident and especially when there have been two complaints related to the incident. acts of violence against women, that is, to arrest the suspects immediately and according to the complaint filed by the complainant.
Speaking to Mawphor, Bah Roning's brother-in-law, Bah Magdiel Nongkynrih, said that if the law enforcement authorities find that his brother has committed crimes, they have the right to arrest and punish him according to the law. rule ai) shall not be shot dead without understanding that he is no longer a human being.
If necessary, write to the Electrical Inspector who has the authority to decide in accordance with the Electrical Act to avoid injury.
Paul Lyngdoh is likely to be the UDP MP candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
The Minister said that the government has allocated nearly Rs 1,000 crore for the benefit of the farmers.
Shillong, Jymmang 17 : Thousands of residents of Mairang constituency attended the campaign rally of Congress candidate, Bah Batskhem Ryntathiang on Thursday at Pyndemumiong parking lot.
According to the source, at the meeting of the office bearers, the SGPC decided to install a scanner to detect the details of the objects in the body of the person and in the colors of the body. the Golden Temple.
It was also suggested to make Khyndai Lad a place where no market vendors or shopkeepers are allowed to sit.
Malngiang said the union has also informed the Minister that private schools in Shillong should not send their students and parents to buy clothes. School Uniform from the school or from the designated shops, but they should be allowed to buy from any shop which the parents wish and which is less expensive.
Admitting that no elections have been announced in the state yet, the BJP President said that the TMC has not yet fully announced its election candidates, so the scheme they have announced will not fail. is one of their election campaign issues in Meghalaya.
He said that it is up to the political parties how they view the situation.
“Because I had the documents of sale and purchase of land with my sister in Shillong, I did not bring them on the day of the dorbar and I requested them to bring them the next day but the Rangbah Shnong and The secretary has rejected this request and announced that a decision has been taken to leave the village,” said Kong Khongjoh. .
? Rida replied and asked again, "Your face shows that you are sad or not strong..." The old friend said, "Yes, I don't feel anything..." Rida replied again. The answer of the friend didn't say much, but they just sat down as they used to.
Leaders of Thangskai Village on Monday visited the Dalmia Cement landfill which has been ordered by the Dorbar Shnong to close down from
Shillong, November 05 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the State Government has changed the working methods of the Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) by appointing more Recruitment Boards. to improve the process of planting.
If Ampareen Lyngdoh dares to insist that she will not be arrested by the Prime Minister, experts have complained that as a Minister of the State Government, she has not been able to point out the fact that the Khasi language has become too widespread. to be included in the fifth schedule of the Constitution of India, especially since she herself has a long history of education.
There should be equality for all and not discrimination.
After the incident, the injured women were rushed to the nearest hospital for further treatment.
Governor KK Paul is the former Commissioner of Police in Delhi.
The western state of Bavaria and Baden-Wuerttemberg, which borders Italy, has reported 422 deaths, out of a total of
The Director of Tourism Meghalaya, Bah Cyril VD Diengdoh, has encouraged the people to take action to promote this tourism industry as it provides livelihood by creating income opportunities. They come to visit any place and bring money, the residents don't have to go here and there because the money comes to the village.
The world itself is a time of darkness which will attract and destroy all the people until the time comes when no villager and no urban man will be recognized because the world is as small as a marble.
Speaking at the meeting, VPP President Ardent Basaïawmoit said, “Win ​​all the 18 VPP candidates and you will have a strong Prime Minister who stands for the cause of the people.
He said that the Tourism Department has also purchased some land in Khanapara and the proposal is in progress for the construction of a guest house, which can also be used in many areas.
We should encourage those living with this disease and not look down on them.
Shylla said that according to the information, it was found that the collection of money from the Professional Tax by the former Secretary of the Council, Bah Weljone Syiemlieh, is T.50,00,000.00 (fifty lakh tyngka); T.50,00,000.00 (fifty thousand rupees); T.20,00,000.00 (twenty thousand rupees); T.12,00,000.00 (approximately one lakh rupees); and T.8,00,000.00 (five lakh rupees); The total amount of money received is (50 lakh + 50 lakh + 20 lakh + 12 lakh + 8 lakh) T.1,40,00,000.00 (one crore forty lakh) and has been deposited into the Personal Account of Bah Welcome Syiemlieh and to others in your household.
Once the righteousness and the goddess have fled, they are now ruled by sin, blood, evil, and power.
PFR also beat Kakopathar 3-0 in the quarter final and Assam Chief Minister Himata Biswas Sharma witnessed the quarter final match.
On the AITC's complaint against the NPP for not being able to account for the expenditure in the last elections, the NPP leader said, “They have appealed to the High Court but the High Court has refused to take action. ".
The JTHOA has demanded the implementation of a new fare of 7 tyngka per kilometer per tonne which is less than the 2 tyngka per kilometer per tonne announced by the government through the Ministry of Transport.
Women and the Shongman Family: I can never forget the words of the God of Khasiland UN Sun said: “It is very difficult to find the Rangdajied and the Holy girls in the future” Why do women lose their chastity even at an early age, and which is still against the Child Marriage Prohibition Act 2006, because this is the time 15-1 years that the mind is still very young, many people are lost especially on social media, many people are being called and lost, this happens even to the elderly.
Pathaw was defeated by Process in
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 15: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawshynrut has confirmed its leaders for the third time.
The KSU Thangrain Unit on Friday, expelled foreigners who tried to sell and buy in the village without permits from JHADC and the Labor Department.
He recalled that after sending the letter, the government has also sent to the Additional District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills, Bah S.Kharlyngdoh to inspect the site.
In the final match between Umsyiem FC Bataw and War United FC, the fans of both sides were waiting for the victory, but in the 3rd minute, Umsyiem FC scored the first goal of the match through Ejingmut Dkhar Jersey No.13 and War United FC turned the tide in the 29th minute through Chanlemmiki Khongwang.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Earlier it was learned that KHUDA may bring a power struggle in the KHADC dorbar due to distrust of the current EC, but later it was learned that the opposition in Khasi Hills The Autonomous District Council of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has withdrawn from its plan to hold a power struggle in the KHADC dorbar which will start on the 23rd of this month, according to sources.
In Smit, the Hawks beat the Goldfinches.
Others who attended the launch ceremony included Dr S Marweiñ, Medical Officer, Dongki Ingding PHC, Dr AS Kharphuli, Ayush Physician, Bah K Rapsang, Sordar of Dongki Ingding Village, Bah S Mawiong and others.
Shullai said Meghalaya borders with Bangladesh and the road to other countries has led to the smugglers to use elephant ivory only as a transit point to reach Assam and Mizoram. and Nagaland to reach countries like Burma and Bangladesh.
Nongpoh, Naitung 24: The Ri Bhoi Peoples' Council (RBPC) has urged the Meghalaya government to allow the 18 The villages under the Raid Nongtung in Block II should fall under the State of Meghalaya and not be transferred to the State of Assam.
On the other hand, the EE, MePDCL has promised to take action within the next few days.
“It is on this basis that the Association of Accountants has come out to investigate, to investigate, to educate the country and the nation and to inform the traditional religion of how we came to this world. and to live in a path of order, to live on the basis of righteousness, without discrimination and suffering,” he said.
After arriving at the airport, AITC Meghalaya President Dr. Mukul Sangma said, “We are pleased that the Head of AITC has been here on her first visit to the state.
257 vehicles, 87 buses and 65 trucks can be parked at these sites and the target is to complete it by October
He said that the union together with the Union of Village Authorities after the meeting decided to send a letter to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah with their recommendation so that the Western Bypass project will not be lost.
It would have been honorable if the Gibeonites had been defeated and became slaves after the battle.
"Conrad Sangma, who was appointed Prime Minister by the BJP and received full support from the Central Government, should take responsibility and ensure that no family should be deprived of their rights," he said. Bernard went on.
It is to be recalled that in September 2023, the party has already met with Dy CM Sniawbhalang Dhar to demand the construction of the Mini Secretariat.
The membership of the Congress party is only for those youths who are 18 years of age and above and not those who are over 35 years of age, but they must not be members of any political party.
They also promised to lodge a complaint with the Chief Information Commissioner against the Dorbar Shnong for not responding to the RTI. They said that they still do not know what agreement the Dorbar Shnong has signed with Lafarge.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF), Bah Sadon Blah, on Tuesday said that the election of leaders should be like the citizens of the state. the power to think before voting.
It is said that the market rises and falls according to the demand for a commodity and if the demand is high, the price is low but if there is a lot of commodity, the price is low.
“The development of agriculture is the development of income,” he said.
While Japan is struggling to improve its economy and development, the country has also struggled to recruit women into the army and empower women so that it can contribute to the development and strengthen the country in all aspects.
In a statement, Ma C Lamurong, Vice President KSU Myntriang Unit, said that the deterioration of the road has affected the traffic of the people, especially in times of illness.
Evans is also one of 14 players under contract for the 2023-2024 season who is now in line for his first ODIs since
The 600 PMKSKYs will operate as a single shop to provide all the necessities of the farmers.
Shillong: Two more members of the family of Dr John Sailo have tested positive for coronavirus.
On the UDP's proposal to allow it from the Shillong parliamentary constituency and the NPP from Tura to the Rajya Sabha, Prestone said he did not want to comment on it as it had not been discussed in the group.
Shillong: The Central Executive Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP) has not yet decided on the candidates for the MP and MDC elections. Two elections shall be held and shall be submitted to the State Election Committee.
Those who are involved are bombed, tied and injured, killed by the enemy and this severely affects their lives and the cloud of doubt and despair spreads.
The question is who can prove that a resident is a resident of any village due to the lack of law and this will open the door for exploiters and will cause more trouble, said the HSPDP. "We request the government to suspend all necessary activities with the village authorities such as sending birth certificates, schedule tribe, voter registration, opening bank accounts, withdrawing money from banks or anything else. Basaiawmoit said the government should accept the Village Administration Bill of KHADC to get rid of the ban in the court.
On the other hand, the HNYF leaders said that many shops in the area used to sell illegal alcoholic beverages but as soon as the raids started, many of them were closed down and the HNYF will continue to arrest them. to these bar states.
Regarding the cultivation of krai, Dr AK Singh, while explaining to the farmers, said that krai is a very important crop, because if the villagers eat cooked food, from the root of the tree is good for health.
It is true that change has come in the KHADC, but we must also understand the issue of the NPP's exclusion from the KHADC boundary in the MLA elections. and 12 MDCs from the NPP for the formation of a new Executive Committee in the KHADC and the new group will be known as the Khasi Hills Democratic Front (KHDF).
He said that the statements of the MLAs as appeared in the newspapers are false as the elections are approaching just to mislead the people.
“This is a project which is not connected with the capital but it is the expansion of the railway line which used to reach Murkongselek, Assam and now it will go to Pasighat in Arunachal,” said the CPRO. The allocation of more than T.1 lakh crore in the current fiscal year to complete the projects is a huge allocation and we have decided to strengthen the railway connectivity in all the States. thain East Road".
For many years, we have seen in the newspapers that various groups have emerged to express our concern about the influx of foreigners, even foreigners, into our country, Khasi and Jaintia.
In her statement before the court under u/s 164 CrPC, the child said that she and another friend were taken by a man and her friend to Rimpu Bagan and they were arrested. one room and raped her many times.
The semi final will be held at the PA Sangma Stadium in the presence of Tura MP Agatha K. Sangma as the chief guest.
The AJYWO has alleged that the government's residence bill is not working and has tried to implement it by calling for consultations from the people while the marphkhyndew bill is the most important to discuss. it simply passed the Bill without seeking public input.
The Cabinet also approved the draft bill to repeal the Meghalaya Civil Task Force Act
The Industrial Revolution had a profound impact on people's lives and was a case of the establishment of factories that manufactured and produced tools, tar, goods and the use of powerful and which can produce hundreds and thousands of products per day.
“The reason why the government intends to set up these schools is to ensure that the youth from this state should not go abroad but should stay in this state, to open up opportunities for them,” he said. state.
He said that the Prime Hub is a pathway for young people who want to stand on their own feet, which will guide them.
When asked, Tiwari said the ECI has issued directives to all central government departments to strengthen security in the border areas through the BSF and other security agencies.
The SP of EJH said that all four persons have been charged under Section 395 IPC which is the section to punish the robbers.
The quarry is located at Moolyieng Mihmyntdu and also has a quarry known as M/S Wanlang Phawa's Stone Quarry.
It is learned that these MDCs who have left the UDA, have tried to dissolve the EC led by Bah Teinwel Dkhar and now it is learned that they have tried to talk to the Congress MDCs but if If these eight MDCs do not return, the UDA can work with the Congress to strengthen the Executive Committee.
It is learned that the injured in the accident were a couple, who were coming from Mawbsein area, but when they reached the scene, they encountered the tragic incident, because The motorcycle they were riding collided with a truck coming from the opposite direction.
Furthermore, we would like to inform you that with your support, the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah FM Dopth through the DMFu has allocated T.1 crore for the construction of reservoirs dam. Sewage Treatment Plant (STP), Effluent Treatment Plant (ETP) at Mukset above Khaddum Bridge to protect the Lukha River so that the waste from the cement factories will not flow into the Lukha River.
The meeting was conducted by PDF President Aibanlum Marbaniang and was attended by PDF leaders including Hospicious Lyngdoh Mawphlang General Secretary, Working President Emlang Lyttan and others.
FKJGP President Dundee C Khongsit said that the BJP-led NDA government's plan is only a political plan as the elections are approaching.
PK Boro, Additional Deputy Commissioner, handed over the books to the beneficiaries along with a letter from the Prime Minister, Sneh Petra. card of AB- Prime Minister- Public Health Scheme (PM-JAY).
Speeches were also delivered by Rona Khymdeit, Donkupar Sumer, Hadrian Lyngdoh, Paiem Ricky Nelson Syiem and other dignitaries.
The parishioners of the Catholic Church of Nongpoh Parish also celebrated this holy day by holding the Diengpha Walk to commemorate the crucifixion of Jesus two thousand years ago. riew blei by completing that ritual of the journey of Jesus from the beginning of his suffering and carrying the Cross until he reached Mount Calvary where Jesus was crucified.
To protest against this, the residents today held a march from Lumdiengngan to Umsohlang, villages along the Shillong By-pass.
However, the party has not lost hope and the party will win the 2023 elections.
“It is perhaps what the coin has written to us that even the heart of the party and it happens that the word People has taken its place in the middle of the words of the name of the NPP. PA Sangma took over the party in 2012 from what was founded in the 1980s until it was fully recognized as the party in Manipur. The Prime Minister said that if you look at what the government has done in these years, the MDA has shown the work and legacy of the NPP. The road which is 2.2 KM per day has reached more than 2 lakh households from a few thousand households.
Switzerland's Denis Zakaria scored the first goal for Spain in the fifth minute, but the goal was saved by Switzerland's Denis Zakaria. Switzerland's Xherdan Zhaqiri scored in the 68th minute.
The road from Manik Road to Madan Laban through the house of Mih Rynjah to Riat Laban was named after Dennis Dunn.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has announced that it will start the (L) Kesilroy Pala Invitation Football Knock Out Tournament
During the cleaning, the members of the Puja Committee confirmed that the Umkhrah River has been cleaned and the small garbage has been removed to the lower parts of the river.
Also present were the President of Khliehriat Block Youth Congress Committee, Barister Suchen, Vice President, KBYCC, Mechanki Dkhar, District Women President Jhanika Siangshai and Congress Wapung Circle President Khmihbha. Power.
Rajnish said that this e-corner will also prevent the use of environmentally friendly books.
On the other hand, the members of the union are not satisfied with the letter they have received from the ADC and have decided to continue with the closure of the Toll Plaza in Lumshnong.
The Mawkyrwat Youth Association in collaboration with the office of the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District has organized a Miss Universe contest on the 12th November, as part of the celebration. 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya at Nativity School Mawkyrwat.
The incident occurred after closing at 9:30 pm.
The last date for submission of the B.Ed Admission 2019 application forms along with attested copies of Marksheets and Certificates from Matriculation onwards and Caste/Tribal Certificate, (if applicable) is on or beforeFor more details, Please go through theor visitLong neem iangi kiba BA.6 students can apply for B.Ed course from May 7th to 20th. I want to apply for D.El.
These stories have traces today.
It is also surprising to know that all the residents of this village have already received the COVID-19 vaccine, because all the residents of this village are only farmers and residents near the Nongkhyllem Wildlife Sanctuary, which is one of the Lawbah and is also a government wildlife sanctuary.
On the border, he said that for 50 years no one has taken care of the border but the NPP has taken care of it, which is why he joined the party.
The youth was riding behind a motorcycle driven by a friend and at that time the motorcycle collided with an army truck but at that time a vehicle suddenly came out of the side. In this incident , the youth fell from the motorcycle and his body went into the roof of the truck and the truck hit him and he died hashen.
In order to clarify the readers, it may be necessary to go into more detail and identify those groups according to their position in human society.
The Minister also defended on the question whether there has been any lack of information between the Food Safety Department and the Chief Minister.
M Pyrtuh, according to a Khasi newspaper, said that FAMASSTA has decided not to take part in the protest programs of JACATAM. The Association provides support for the benefit of fellow teachers.
However, Buam missed the golden opportunity by shooting from a free-kick, but the team eventually won.
Now the situation is different, because the Bill has not yet received the approval of the Rajya Sabha and therefore it is not a full law,” he said.
He said it is important to stop the spread of HIV. LFU has been called for those people who have AIDS and who have not continued their treatment and medication.
He also said that if the youth spend their time in sports they will be free from these kinds of evils and he praised the KSU Mawroh Unit for organizing such a These types of programs are also a source of unity and solidarity in the Ri Bhoi District as a whole.
Therefore, she congratulated all the teams who have reached the goal of victory because their presence has made this tournament beautiful and she also encouraged the winners. She said that they should play well at other times so that they can improve and those who have lost should not be discouraged but should continue to fight without hesitation so that at some point they too will be able to improve. you will reach the thong.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Gabriel Wahlang MDC Nongstoiñ and other government employees who stayed in Nongstoiñ despite the holiday.
“It is our duty to look after people who have bad intentions to flee to other parties.
“When asked about the reservation policy, Bah Ardent said that the party doesn't want to talk about it.
Sohra: The Sub Divisional Magistrate of Sohra, Mawphu, Laitduh, Umblai; Because of the dispute regarding the places in Daiñthlen and Weisawdong, which are the most popular tourist attractions in Sohra.
Coal is the source of India's energy.
Rupala said the mobile van units which he will hand over to the district in Mahendraganj are special for the rural areas to solve the problems arising due to the lack of veterinary hospitals in the district.
The Karbis intimidated and forced the Khasi Pnar people to register their land with the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council, Assam.
The house belongs to Kong Masuk Challam who was burnt down on 21st November
Furthermore, as leaders or elders, we should think twice when there are any problems in the family or in the community to avoid stealing, because this leads to shame. of the household of the nation as a whole.
Of course, the Government has announced that there is that benefit for us but our friends, we don't have a Coaching Center or Computer Training because we need a special software – a Screen Reader. '," said the Managing Director.
In Laban-Mawprem, it is not clear where the victory will go but the contest in this constituency is close between the NCP (Baje) and the HSPDP (Sing).
My wish is to serve the children of the Elaka with love and I will serve with love to strengthen the land of the Elaka.
“Along with these two companies, we will have several other companies in the recruitment process.
These teams will face each other today to qualify for the final.
Shillong: Out of the four cases of COVID-19, one poor woman has been confirmed positive at Dr H Gordon Robert Hospital.
Riva Kyndait – 9 Bronze.
Shillong, Lber 22 : The President of the HSPDP, Bah KP Pangniang on Tuesday said that both the MLAs of the party will never be induced to join the NPP. The President's remarks came on the question of how confident the party is that its two MLAs, the MLA of Sohiong and the MLA of Mawkyrwat, will contest again on the party ticket in .
However, in the current climate change and the lack of rainfall, does it mean that if we don't get rainfall all year round, the state will remain in darkness? The bill light is still delivered to our doorsteps from time to time, even at the full price every 10 months.
Police have seized the kwai and the investigation is ongoing.
The owners of the newspapers have turned white and don't care about this insult and disregard for the rights of the newspapers.
If the farm is larger, farmers need to invite contractors from the village or outside the village to assist in the cultivation, planting, burying, weeding and harvesting. soh is their marrep.
Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat said that the cleaning of the Myntdu River has put the Myntdu River at risk due to the flooding during the rainy season. The founding of the organization whose goal is to protect the Myntdu River.
The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, was the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the new dance ground. establish.
The Minister also informed the House about many schemes that the government will implement for the benefit of agriculture. farmer.
During the meeting, one of the doctors of the hospital, said that the drug is from the hospital, and that it is also the drug that is still available. He said that the incident was caused by the negligence of the company that manufactured these drugs.
“In fact, this Raij has 12 longsan and San Binong along with the religious customs through the Lyngdoh,” said Bah Syiem.
Former Deputy Speaker of the Lok Sabha, Kariya Munda, who is also one of the BJP leaders, has spoken out and demanded that those tribals who have been Schedule Tribes (ST) shall no longer receive benefits or reservation if they have converted to Islam (Muslim) or Christian because they are foreign religions in the country. India as the Schedule Caste (SC) has been introduced in the northern and Dkhar areas.
Furthermore, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that in the past, the UDP has tried its best to bring unity among all the ethnic parties but that goal has not reached anywhere. Therefore, the UDP will not stop bringing unity but the UDP will continue to try to bring unity among all the ethnic parties.
We have forgotten that even the rice which should have been distributed to the poorest has been found to be smuggled to other states.
Furthermore, regarding the Rainbow Centres, more will be added in the coming days.
Jowai, Jymmang 21: Six friends who visited Kshaid Tyrshi, Jaintia Hills, on Saturday, were arrested on suspicion of menshohnoh. They were released by the police in Jowai.
However, in this regard, the reporter, when contacted by some of the leaders of the Nepali community, said, “For decades we have We have lived in this area since childhood, we have grown up in this area. There are also those who were born here from our ancestors and we don't have any conflict with the Khasi”.
This ceremony is held every year before the Behdienkhlam of the Seinraij Jowai.
It is learned that the man left the house at 7:30 or 8 pm that morning and before leaving he gave the keys to the house to his 9-year-old son and told him to look after them. home because he will travel.
According to the NEIMA, these children are from villages around Pynursla area, who have been left without caregivers due to the loss of their parents or other problems. .
“If we take too much money, we will be in debt and the people will be forced to pay what the government has taken,” he said.
Thin Situng, who lodged a complaint with the police, said that he fled to Barato while his wife arrived at Lapangap in the middle of the night.
There are those who have dressed in clothes and covered them with meat, jhur and soh hajuh.
Then the master of the house became angry and said to his servant, “Go out quickly into the streets and lanes of the city, and bring in here the poor. , the lame, the blind, and the lame.
“I will eat until I die,” he said, adding that he used to wake up at 12:30 pm and immediately start eating and playing video games in his bedroom.
New Delhi: Delhi Police have charged two unidentified persons with attempting to shoot people in front of Jamia Millia Islamia on Sunday night.
Sohryngkham Sports Club beat Sacred Heart Football Academy 4-0 in the first match.
West, who has four children with Kim, is currently at his home in Wyoming, where he lives alone, after insulting his wife in recent days and He also expressed that he wanted to leave Sanshyieng with her.
After not being able to meet the BDO, these families together with Bah Najim tried to ask the staff of the Block why their names have been removed, and the answer they received was that Their names were changed by the BDO who is the head of the office in consultation with the leaders of the area.
One person was killed and three others injured when a bomb exploded in Peshawar, police said. Thursday.
Other EMs who have held various posts include Teinwell Dkhar, Deputy CEM, Latiplang Kharkongor, Trade and Enforcement. KP Pangniang of HSPDP has been appointed as Elaka Administration and Revenue Collector, James Ban Basiawmoit of KHNAM has been appointed as Labor License and Resource Mobilization, LG Nongsiej of HSPDP has been appointed as Transport. Grace Mary Kharpuri, Taxation and Education, Process T Sawkmie, Water Resources and Fisheries, Donkupar Sumer, Market, Mines. and Minerals, Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh and Rona Khymdeit on the occasion.
The JNC on November 9 has renewed the office bearers of the JNC Wapung Circle for the term 2023-2
The meeting was concluded with the cutting of a cake to commemorate this experience.
This magazine is available from the Youth Department, KJP Assembly in Shillong, Jowai, Nongstoin, Mairang and Dawki.
Wahlang said that as a distributor, after selecting and rejecting the dead, he distributed to the residents of 12 villages. they came to turn them away because they were not stia for shet jingshet.
Shillong, Naitung, 13: The SSA teachers on Tuesday vowed to hold a strong protest against the lack of salary for three months, from June to July,
It was also decided that the Mining Plan can be prepared only by the Mining Engineer or Divisional Mining Officer of the DMR, not by the Director of the Directorate of Mineral Resources (DMR).
The students went to meet the Principal of the College, Br.
He explained, “I saw my country in the middle of a terrible night.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The Supreme Court of India has postponed the hearing of the post of Rangbah Shnong for more than 10 months to the 23rd of July.
The price of piat has now risen to 260 taka after India stopped exporting piat to the country.
Thanks to the hard work of the Government of Meghalaya, we have been able to prevent the spread of the disease.
Meanwhile, the training program for the group was launched in Srinagar in November this year, with the participation of up to 50 children.
“I think the court cannot act against religion because there is a right to privacy and religious freedom,” he said.
“It has forgotten the question in which the DGP has said that the police have been sent to arrest Cheristerfield Thangkhiew after receiving sufficient evidence. “The Minister of Home Affairs has said that he has no information on the incident and who will be blamed,” he said.
He also urged the leaders of the Youth Church that when they are leaders they should not rely only on the power of human wisdom but most importantly to rely on God so that they can lead the church. Young as Moses led the army of Israel out of Egypt.
The 5th of October is a special day for women, while we still have a lot of work to do to condemn and condemn our mothers, sisters and brothers as criminals.
In all these villages, VDPs, Village Leaders, Police, DLSA members, Legal Volunteers, Health Supervisors and others were present.
He reminded that if the police seize vehicles carrying 5 passengers, it means that they have violated the agreement between the taxi drivers and the traffic department, which allows them to carry 4 passengers in the back and one in front (4+). 1), 6 people including the driver.
More care should be taken to ensure that all parts of news / programs related to election activities are accurate in terms of events, dates, places and statements.
Colossians 1:23.
The fire started from the kitchen and spread around the nine-room house. Three rooms of the house and one room were the shop.
We are all concerned and want the trade to resume as usual, but it should not affect the peace and health of the residents,” he said.
He also urged all the participants of the program to know the uniqueness of the environment and to find ways and means how to fight to preserve the environment, so that “We will not lack clean water and the future will not suffer through our greed,” he added.
In Manipur, five new cases have been confirmed and these include two doctors, a nurse at a hospital in Bishnupur and Two other patients have been admitted to the quarantine center in Churachandpur district.
The Conrad government has said that it has gone to Delhi to discuss the conversion from university to college.
Jowai, June 12: The 10th Kiang Nangbah Inter Office Badminton Tournament 2023 will be held from 25th June to 28th June. The Jowai Seiñ Raij is located in Jowai Square.
He said that the task of collecting and registering the details of more than 10 million households across the State who have received the JJM is time consuming and impossible to meet the needs of the staff. In addition, the need to verify the use of Aadhar Card or Voter ID has increased.
The world's largest producers of rice are: (1) Russia, (2) Germany, (3) USA, (4) Czechoslovakia, (5) Italy, (8) United Kingdom ) and others.
It is worth mentioning here that according to the provisions of Section 31(11) of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Act The Dorbar Shnong Moolamylliang has said that such a NOC should be issued by the Rangbah Shnongs of those villages and the Dolloi does not have the authority to issue such a NOC. The Dorbar Shnong has sent a request to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills in this regard.
The National Defense Forces (DDF) have recovered three powerful improvised explosive devices (IEDs) planted by CPI (Maoist) militants in West Singhbhum district of Jharkhand, police said.
To help those people especially those who need blood, the Kyrmen Foundation on Tuesday held an Awareness Program and Blood Donation Camp at Kiang Nangbah Govt.
We have not learned to respect and honor ourselves.
He said that the existence of the NLU will ensure that this university will benefit the law students and other service opportunities.
“I’m really happy with the result we got.
In the women's singles, PV Sindhu remains in 13th place while Treesa Jolly & Gayatri Gopichand are also in 15th place. the women's doubles category.
This power or spiritual strength of the master will support and encourage his servant by trusting in him.
Phyrnai's love for cycling has been evident since she was a child when she was riding only a three wheeled cycle and from there she will rise in the sport.
Speaking to reporters on 4th November, Prof Prabha Shankar Shukla denied the demand of the JAC and said that there was no illegal appointment as the VC has the authority to appoint the JAC. Rohit Prasad is not a permanent post, and that this demand of the JAC is groundless.
Shillong, July 24 : Under the leadership of the Governor of Meghalaya, Brig.
“The decision to leave the UDP party which I love so much was difficult, the love was so much that we were shocked ourselves, my joining the UDP before. , is because there are leaders who can see far, like Dr Donkupar Roy and Bah EK Mawlong, but now there is no longer and only the NPP party has leaders who can see far and develop the state".
During questioning, he confessed to being a resident of Khyber district in Pakistan.
Avoid creating misunderstandings among your children by comparing their abilities.
In this regard, the security forces conducted a surroundings of the house and after a search operation, they arrested two members of the NSCN-IM. -The arrested persons include Sergeant Major Imkong Tiba and Sergeant Major Phamching.
The Governor of Meghalaya said that the bombing of 9 youths who went to Syntung to eat khana is a shame and disgrace to the state as a whole as Meghalaya is known as one of the most beautiful states and well able to attract tourists from India and around the world.
Permission has also been obtained from the Chairman of the Dorbar Saw Kur, as this land falls under the jurisdiction of those Saw Kurs and other activities have been done without permission from the Chairman of the Dordar Saw Kur. area.
In this constituency, the contest is between Purno A Sangma and Daryl William Momin.
The two husbands and wife have accused Elviris Jyrwa, the mother of the child, of coming to rob the child and the mother of the child. When she came to take the child, Bah Ribok refused because he said that the child was under his care and said, “I don't want to give the child like that because he falls under the and if anything happens to him, the responsibility is on me.
It is said that the writings and requests of Meghalaya to the PM and also to the BJP Ministers in Delhi, have ended up in idle words.
The NPP, which holds power in GHADC, along with other groups, has already sent the nomination of Conrad Sangma (son of Purno A Sangma) for the post of MDC. The Cabinet meeting on Tuesday approved to send to the Governor the name of Selma D Shira as the MDC.
The Cabinet in its meeting today amended the old rules under Rules 183 of the Meghalaya Excise Rules which stipulated that all wine stores should not be within 200 meters of the property. The Rules also stipulate that wine stores should not be located within 100 meters of National Highways or State Government Highways.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Dlipstar Rani, Principal of Tyrsad Higer Secondary School. KSU, FKJGP Tyrsad, and village officials.
He said all government employees should come to work as usual on this day and those who leave without permission will be punished.
I called my father, I didn't tell him why I wanted to go to Delhi and I just told him that we had a house in Mumbai and immediately I went to Mumbai and stayed in a five star hotel.
There are also school/college students who have not received scholarships.
Its journey has also been through the blessings from above through the arrival of preachers or missionaries.
This was stated by Bah PN Syiem at the announcement of Bah Kansing Lyngshiang as the Congress candidate for the 2023 MLA election from Mawkynrew Constituency.
However, as I have always said, let us continue the work to see the results because we want to reach a lasting understanding and peace.
Deputy Commissioner, Abhilasah Banarwal, IAS, welcome speech was delivered in the presence of ADC East Jaintia Hills, J.Shylla and SS Syiemlieh.
Then the word Sunday is the word we know well which means THE DAY OF THE LORD where as believers we hold a meeting together once a month after other days we finish our work. in physical life here on earth.
Nevertheless she must have a perfectly fit body.
“We firmly believe in the judgment of the law that it will decide according to its authority, but if such bloodthirsty people are released from prison, there will be no peace for the young women. There is nothing wrong with that.
ECL, Secondary School, Umiam, Smti Stella R.Marak, Head Teacher, Mangsang Bamil Government Lower Primary School, Mr.Samiran Roy, Headmaster, Government Bengali Boys Lower Primary School, Tura and Mr. Sothodol N.Marak, Head cum Secretary of Travel Government Lower Primary School.
There is a loss of trees due to the storm and the death of dead trees.
The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Friday acknowledged the fact that the extent of the violence in Tura on Monday could have been prevented.
Nongpoh: Umkei Sports Club has won the 1st Knockout Football Tournament.
Therefore, the union urges the people to join hands with the union, in order to express their protest against the beating of Longkmie by the police and against the actions of the company Cement TOM-CEM. “It is temporary to sell or use TOP-CEM cement,” he added.
On the curfew, Dr. Mukul Sangma said that although there are demands and protests, the Khasi and Garo will not fight each other.
Furthermore, the party is very concerned about the Uniform Civil Code (UCC).
In the men's category, Myngken Christian Higher Secondary School beat Kiew Press School 1-0 while in the women's category, Mawjam FC beat Kiew Press School 1-0 Umroi Grassroot beat 2-0
As the day of the festival comes to an end, the celebration will continue into the evening with many festivals.
To replace the items on the bridge, traffic will be suspended for about 8 hours and after that, only non-load vehicles will be allowed.
The union demands that the Government should immediately implement the Meghalaya State Agriculture Produce and Facilitation Act 2020 and other related laws.
The Chief Engineer said that these two bridges are very important as they connect dozens of villages on the border between Shella and Mawsynram.
Many have fallen into the sin of blood, deceit, and all kinds of deceptions of this world today.
The chairman of MSERC said that in the last fiscal year, MeECL had sent a proposal to increase it to 30 percent.
Tynsong said he has already met with the secretary of the Home Affairs team and discussed all these issues.
In such cases, concerns are raised, and the death marker on the mother’s card is removed.
After taking this decision, she went to sleep when the step was near.
“We appreciate the step taken by the government regarding the demarcation of the border but we do not agree with the haste of the government,” said Bah Lamphrang.
Shillong, November 06: The Sengbah Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum has requested those who burnt down this religious building to come and confess their wrongdoing on the 9th November at 2 PM. evening at the house of Baniun.
Then Bah Spasterlin Nongrem, Organizer of the party in Rambrai Jyrngam, leading office bearers and supporters from the district and the public.
B.Synrem, invited all the parakur parakha to come and participate in this event, and said that this event has been held with the participation of the public after two years of not being able to hold the event. The same should not be true due to the outbreak of Covid
He also expressed his satisfaction with the Astronomy Laboratory which will help the students especially those who are interested in studying the subject Science and said that through this Laboratory it will enable the students to lead even outside the country. state on many occasions to showcase their talents.
Dr. Marbud Gatphoh, former Director, Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department, Government of Meghalaya, passed away on
The bronze medals were won by South West Khasi Hills and South Garo Hills.
Paul Lyngdoh has been appointed to the Ministry of Social Welfare, Tourism, Arts and Culture and Textile while Bah Kyrmen Shylla has been appointed to the Ministry of Excise, Revenue and Disaster Management. Last year, he was also appointed to the post of Legal Metrology & Home (Passport) Department.
“On the first day the investigation should reach my desk,” Prestone told reporters.
Shillong: After the lifting of the curfew and the opening of tourist attractions, tourists have flocked to Dawki area.
On the non-approval of the MRSSA Ordinance, the Governor said it is not right to say that he has not approved the MRSSA Ordinance (Ordinance), not passed by the Minister.
Shillong: U Bah Pynshngain N Syiem MDC of Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah today said that they will lodge a complaint in court against the proposal to hold the election for the post of CEM and Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council. .
He will also lay the foundation stone of a medical college in Karimganj.
So far, there are 29,474 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the country.
On the response of other candidates, he said, “Everyone wants to cut down a tree that bears fruit”.
This is almost identical to Bihar.
He said that the government used to say that it does not have money and the strike by sleeping on the streets and the strike by teachers, whether they are teachers of SSA, Adhoc and Government LP schools, shows clearly that the the government failed by saying it didn’t have the money.
Besides Conrad, the delegation will be led by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, Minister of Food Processing Industries, Prof KV Thomas MP, Lok Sabha, Francis D' Souza, Deputy CM of Goa, Jose K.Mani, MP, Lok Sabha, Anto Anthony MP, Lok Sabha, Justice Kurian Joseph, Judge Supreme Court of India, Harish Salve, former Lawyer and Solicitor General, Most Rev. Theodore Mascarenhas, Secretary General of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of India, KJ Alphons, Sujata Mehta, Secretary (West), External Affairs, and two delegations led by the Chief Ministers.
In another development, five people died in two hospitals in Haryana today due to lack of oxygen. Four people died at Virat Hospital in Rewari, four others , died at Kathuria Hospital in Gurugram.
The same is true of other natural bodies.
“If anyone finds illegal coal mining and informs the government immediately, the government will send an inquiry and if found, it will punish those involved according to the law,” he said.
In the past 24 hours, the death toll has risen to 712 and 6,100 new cases have been reported in Italy.
Manthan Dey was named Man of the Match.
India is preparing to address issues related to the prevention of forest fires due to natural disasters.
However, explaining the statement by the UDP, the coalition party in the government, which alleged that the issue was not brought to the Cabinet, Prestone said that from the beginning. The Cabinet approved the Bill in the form of an Ordinance in
They said that all these villages belong to the Hima Jyrngam Sirdarship, where the land of Langja has been in dispute for 70 years, between the group of Trinly Syiemïong which is the first. Streamilda Syiemlieh and some of her supporters are still not the owners and continue to appeal the case.
The injured were identified as Rajiv Khanna, 38, Indian, California, USA (ii) Monica Agarwal, 36, Gurgaon (iii) Roveen Bhansali, California, USA. (iv) Dijen Deka (32) of Darrang, Assam (v) Anneli Sarah Johnson (55) of Sweden (vi) Ms. Luisa Valpe (39) of Italy (vii) Trip Langshiang (75) of Muktiah, WJH (viii) Rajesh Vini Bhansali (40) of India, California (ix) Bhawana Desai (29) of Ahmedabad, Gujarat (x) Bah Daniel Mawsor (27) of West Khasi Hills, (xi) Auspin Kharbri (37) of West Khasi Hills and (xii) Bhawana Severbhai (29) of Ahmedabad, Gujarat.
Nongpoh: The 6th RAWA Women Football Knock-Out Football Tournament, organized by the Ri Bhoi Area Welfare Association (RAWA), has won the title of the 6th RAWA Women's Football Tournament. They beat Wild Kitten Bhoirymbong 3-1 at the Umran Niangbyrnai Stadium.
“And now we don't need to be reminded that we are in the midst of a struggle against the power of sin and evil, because of this Coronavirus.
Shillong, July 15 : Heads of state and government have arrived and left for various government programs in Shillong, the small capital of Meghalaya.
In today's society, the use of the Internet and mobile phone communication has become an essential part of everyday life.
Shillong, Lber 30: Six days after the resignation of Parliamentary Secretary (PS) Bah Lambok Mylliemngap, the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, has written to the Speaker of the House to amend the Act. to exempt PSs from the registration.
Besides, you go to hold meetings in the marketplaces, you don't know that the people support you.
We hope that after the announcement of the results of the MP elections, the two regional committees will take a decision on the date and to proceed with this issue which has been pending for discussion during the second round especially in the Nongpoh MLA and Ri-Bhoi Regional Committee Member, Bah Mayralborn Syiem.
When asked whether these cows have arrived in Khanapara, he replied that all the cows have arrived from Assam, mostly from Upper Assam.
Marak handed over a letter to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tyngsong, who is also in charge of the electricity distribution department, regarding the suspension of electricity supply to 20 villages under Chokpot. that an inquiry should be launched into the allegations of corruption which has reached the point of leaving half of the electricity supply to these villages.
The program was organized through the office of the District Horticulture Officer West Jaintia Hills District and many SHGs and Societies attended the programme. Lakadong shynrai, which is known for its curcumin content, at the same time has received many trainings.
Please send a cyber tip and cancel.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Marbud, who was in Mukroh these days after receiving information about the incident, said that the brothers and sisters are not the smugglers, but they are poor people. “If they are smugglers, we should recognize them from their homes, but the people in this area are people who just smuggle food and are not smugglers at all.” Marbud Dkhar concluded.
The price of petrol in Shillong will be 96.83 tyngka per liter and 95.10 tyngka in Byrnihat while the price of diesel will be 83.50 tyngka per liter in Byrnihat and 84.72 tyngka per liter in Shillong.
Lajong and Rangdajied played in the final of the MSL 2019 at Khliehriat where SLFC won 3-0 in a tie-breaker.
Coffee does need some sunshine in the field too.
He added that in the implementation, there may be shortcomings here and there but it is not good to dissolve the EC every day, but it needs dialogue and understanding.
The MDA Government under the leadership of the NPP, has faced a terrible crisis in recent days since it came to power in the state due to the damage to new buildings including roads, bridges, buildings and especially the damage to the new 141 crore tyngka legislative building at Mawdiangdiang which is under construction and which is scheduled to be completed this year.
While they were thinking, suddenly a miaw came out of the forest.
The meeting was also attended by the President of West Jaintia DCC, Ma G.Sten.
He also spoke on many issues that affect our nation, and as paradoh ki parasnam we should have one spirit to protect our nation no matter what we do and the spirit of love for our neighbors should be in our souls.
He said in his understanding, the ancestors of this nation die religion and larity.
She also recalled that on this day Kennedy delivered a speech in Parliament to inform the people to be vigilant and think for the sake of consumer protection.
If there is a way, it is up to the Hima Mylliem and KHADC to resolve the issue, but if these authorities cannot, then others will do the same.
While the khara and nylla that has been with us, it is in the mind and heart that we should not think and think to change our being in our own human life, before we reach the right to God.
Shillong, July 20: The UDP-Sohiong Circle has welcomed the appointment of former Director of Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE), Bah Fedrick L Lyngkhoi.
This was announced by the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Roykupar Synrem after a meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Monday.
After the fear and sadness, the young girl tried to commit suicide just because she didn't feel useful to live anymore because of the rape by the man, but this plan failed because I don't know what to do.
She also discussed Para 3 of the Sixth Schedule relating to the preparation of the Amendment to the Sixth Scheduled.
At the same time, the audience was welcomed by Kong T.Snaitang and followed by a special song by the women of the Presbyterian Church New Nongstoiñ.
Regarding the action of the Nongsier Village Leaders, the KSU leaders, who tried to dismiss the ASHA, the KSU, demands that Dr.M Mawrie, should not to allow, but to keep this Longkmie as an ASHA worker and especially at such a time, when the ASHA workers, have been among those who have come forward to fight against COVID-19, he said. added.
When inquired, he said that in 2019, when the work was in progress, the Council had paid the money to the contractors.
But I want to say that there should be no doubt.
When examining the courage of foreigners to set up trade in Shillong and in the urban areas of different districts of the state, it is due to the lack of attention, care and stinginess of the government. District Council to conduct raids on shops and business premises of foreigners who come to earn money in the state.
Shillong: The BSF today morning seized nine vehicles and their drivers while they were carrying a motor (dry pea). The vehicles worth T.50 lakh were seized on the border of West Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya.
However, other sources said that Dr. Pariong will not contest the mid-term elections if he does not get a ticket. In 2018, he said that whether he wins or not, he will win the election in Nongstoiñ Constituency.
It cannot be said that in the last few years and especially since 2014, there has been a strong stirring up to make the Khasi who have become Christians no longer have the right to claim to be Khasi. Because they don't worship God anymore like those who are still in the Khasi, Niam-tre religion.
On this occasion, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that after seeing with his own eyes, he was pleased to declare this place as a Heritage site where it will be protected, maintained and will not be destroyed.
I think he is not wrong and I agree with him given the current state of the state.
The service was enriched by the choirs at 10 pm by the Latawor Youth Church, Sohkha Youth Church, Samatan Youth Church, Lad Basic Youth Church, Lad Basic Youth Church at 10 pm. :30 pm by the Youth Church Kairang, Maskhal Church, Moodymmai Ñein Church and the Standing Choir JSKJPSM. Young Christians: A Blessing to the Earth" (Gen 12:2) by Rev.RB Marpna.
The FKJGP also sent its condolences on the passing away of Bah Hoping.
Furthermore, it was reported that one of the pilots of the Ukrainian fighter jet, known as the snaiap, was a real person.
In the midst of treatment, she passed away this morning at about 7 pm.
Revelation 16:1
“I am sure that the Garo people will elect him to liberate India from the rule of the Congress,” he said. .
v) The Yuva Puraskar shall be awarded once a year to a Khasi writer under the age of 45 years.
He said that the people are afraid of the CAB but they don't know that the CAB has already been implemented in Majai, Lyngkhat and Pyrdiwah where Bangladeshis have come because they have given land to people from this country.
The party has also sent Chiang D Shira and Biswajit Dasgupta to accompany them to the tournament.
One more person has died of COVID-19 on 10th November, bringing the total number of deaths to
Shillong: Police have lodged a complaint that on 1st June 2019, at 9.30 pm, a group of people carrying sticks, entered the NGT coal gate at Tuber Sohshrieh, East. Jaintia Hills and they threatened the police who are on duty there, by threatening that if they do not allow the coal trucks to pass to Guwahati, they will kill those who are waiting at the place. They were arrested, so they were attacked by the crowd, who were present at that time, according to the report.
Most of the calories you consume each day can be obtained from eating fruits, vegetables, uncooked fruits, vegetables, dairy products and lean proteins.
Ardent said that the meeting will continue whether or not a reply is received from the government. He said that if a reply is received or not, the public will be informed at the meeting. He said that he had announced publicly at Malki Square to turn to the Secretariat, because they had postponed it for the first time which was held on the 27th, because it coincided with the death. Former President Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam has arrived in Shillong.
However, it is surprising that according to the letter dated 22/03/19 No.MS/L-1/202/2019/5009-14 sent by the Syiem and the Durbar Hima Mylliem, KHADC to issue NOC to Deilang Chrup Law, the owner of 7413 acres of land at Nagrabill, Pilangku A, Pilangku B, for the purpose of selling to the BSF for the purpose of Field Firing Range and The organization does not want to clarify this or whether there is anything wrong.
Furthermore, the VPP would like to thank the media for their contribution in providing information and education to the public in their field.
Speaking to media, CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, said that at the meeting of the Committee, it was decided to allocate funds for the construction of more outdoor venues and for the maintenance of the outdoor venues. There is a need to improve and repair the water tanks and water pipes in Ïewduh.
Mohammed Siraj, Jasprit Bumrah, Kuldeep Yadav and Ravindra Jadeja took two wickets each while Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli took 10 wickets each.
The victim was identified as Hoding Diengngan, 50, of Porkhadoh village. He has been missing since 2nd November. 2014 and his relatives have searched for him in many parts of the country, but they have not found him and suddenly on the 10th of this month they have found his body and buried him in the next day.
Shillong, Naitung 13 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday said that the Office Memorandum (OM) issued to implement the Roster System is the final decision and will not be turned back.
Speaking to reporters, these families said that they don't have a place to live anymore after MUDA came to demolish them. When asked where they live, they said, 'We are hiding. “We have two houses, just to get shelter,” said one of the elders, while one of the women, Kong Bermon, with a heart attack and sadness, said, “We have two houses, which I sat down and it was destroyed, but the small one was not destroyed. I hid on that stair.
According to the Disaster Management Department, the SDRF team recovered one body this morning and this evening two more bodies of people who were injured in the landslide.
The house where they had many shiks, where they fought with the soldiers.
A total of 1,082 Policemen have received awards on the occasion of the Independence Day
Despite the heavy rain, hundreds of ASHA workers took part in the march which ended at Malki Square.
Ma Challam said that this is because on Friday and Thursday, Jaintia Hills has been suddenly without electricity, which has been turned off without giving public announcements.
Nongpluh recalled that during his tenure as EM in charge, he had struggled to complete the Iawmusiang but it is still pending.
“We have filed a petition in the Supreme Court to challenge the Rules of the Citizenship (Amendment) Act, 2019 and request the Court to issue an order suspending the implementation of this Act. NESO Chairman Samuel B Jyrwa said in a statement sent from Delhi.
H. Pala, MP of the Lok Sabha, who is also a resident of East Jaintia Hills District, said that he is now ready to contest the upcoming Meghalaya Legislative Assembly elections. “I see that this constituency (Sunga-Saipung) is indeed the most populous constituency in the country. Meghalaya.
Sohra SDPO Ian Onel Swer said that police received a tip at 7 pm on Saturday morning from M.Number Lyngdoh. They lived in Mawjrong.
Ryngkhlem, who was married to a woman from Muphlang village, committed the robbery on Sunday evening.
In his letter to the Philippians, chapter 2, the Apostle Paul explains the meaning of service according to the new mind of Jesus.
In addition, various other organizations have donated the necessary assistance for them.
Throughout the day, he also took part in a program at the District Library Auditorium Hall, where the donations were distributed to the village community beneficiaries through the Meghalaya Community Led Landscape Project. They are the ones who protect the environment, preserve the water supply and the forests.
A march will be held in different districts from the 17th to the 17th of this month and then there will be a sit-in in front of the Veterinary Science College in Khanapara from the 1st November
The state government has announced that it will hold a three-day Cherry Blossom Festival from the 17th of November to the 19th of November.
However, at the same time, it is necessary that the people especially the village authorities should be vigilant not to allow people to invade the villages and this is important.
He said many Christians in Nagaland have followed the BJP because they believe that only this party can bring about development in the state.
On this basis, the JNC urges the Regional Committee for Border Disputes, West Jaintia Hills District to include the Waheh Shnongs and Daloi of the Border Villages under the phase between Meghalaya and Assam.
Unfortunately, in 1914, the tyrso seeds and the mask appeared.
We are also deeply concerned about the issues related to the CAA, UCC, border issues, the menace of drugs and education.
Prestone Tynsong said the government has taken this decision after the deaths of pigs in Assam and Arunachal Pradesh following the outbreak of African Swine Fever.
“The expenditure of money in the preparation for the elections is terrible because where does that money come from and where do they collect what they have spent?” he added. Everyone should think when we vote because the election is not just a spectacle or to mislead the public but it is the responsibility of us to think far ahead about the future of the State.
Father Stan Swamy, who was arrested in connection with the Bhima Koregaon incident, died this afternoon before being tried in the Bombay High Court.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Western Zone has slammed the MLAs who speak lies only in secret but do not share anything in front of Mukul Sangma.
“I followed up because MeCOFED is the distributor of fertilizers to the farmers through various licensed retailers who will provide information to the public after training,” he said.
Regarding the leader or candidate, Bah Metbah said that as a party we need leaders who are close to the people and Bah Olan Sing Suiñ is one of such people.
Shillong, July 1: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Shillong Mihngi Circle has urged the Executive Member (EM) in charge of Trade, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to attend the Nongmensong, Demseiniong and Pynthorbah areas have been closed due to the large number of foreigners who set up illegal shops in the area.
They are Mawkohmoit, Lakhang, Larem, Shiliangktieh, Nongkrem, Mawbah, Itser Dilein and Itser Mawjaih.
After a long discussion, the meeting sent several leaders to meet the Deputy Commissioner to discuss the matter.
This mining and quarrying will cause destruction and damage to the surrounding areas of this river. Those found violating this order will be punished under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code, 1860 and under the specific provisions of the Relevant Rules/Acts/Orders such as the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act, 1957, the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986, the Air'.
The information from the Teacher touched the soul of Niakha.
In this picture you can see the garbage that has been piled up and left on the public road in Iawmusiang Jowai for many days.
If the meeting with the Governor does not succeed, the MPF will consider taking other measures, but it should not be a political exploitation or to overthrow the government.
Until now, they have not taken any decision and it is understood that before the end of 4 pm they will announce their decision whether to continue the protest or something else. The government may call for talks with them to resolve this issue.
Entry fee is T.300 and T.500 for singles and doubles. The deadline for submission of entries is 10th November
He said that the government has recognized the film industry in the state, but until now it is not known which department is in charge of the film industry. specifically to look after the film industry.
Previously, some Rapidos were registered with the company that operates this business.
Minister Passah together with his team have been able to run the activities of the party smoothly during the year 2021-2
The purpose of conducting such programs is to provide an opportunity for students from various schools, colleges and youth clubs to discuss and exchange ideas on many issues including in the society. culture and others.
There will also be other competitions such as Quiz, Public Service Announcement, Slogan Writing and others on the 3rd June, 2024, from 11 am at Science Hall.
At the same time, the ball came back into the field and was caught by Arnesius Marweiñ who didn't hesitate to score.
The next morning, these Khasi youths who had left with the intention of talking peace but suddenly foreigners appeared carrying sticks, nar rot and naphang bombs.
After receiving treatment from Dr Norman Hospital, David Phawa was shifted to Super Care Hospital, Shillong for treatment.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister agreed to expedite the matter for approval by the Government of India.
He said the governments of Eknath Shinde and Devendra Fadnavis do not need the NCP because they have been paid.
The NHRC said that the allegation is that a timber truck driven by Assam Police and Forest Guard Police was seized at Mukroh village by these police teams, while the residents of Mukroh. They are angry and condemned this action of the Assam police and thus they surrounded these police teams and this is where the shooting could happen.
The HYC said that the donation of Shella Village, not even a small amount has been spent from the Fund so far or any project or scheme implemented in the Village, thus depriving the rights of the residents. village, as mentioned under the scheme.
He said that this cycle race should not be just for pleasure but for pleasure but they should have a purpose because in this competition there were also some youngsters who had the opportunity to participate. They participated in the State Level and not only participated but also won the title.
The land plan can be inspected at the office of the Sub-Divisional Collector Amlarem on working days.
The Chief Secretary of the State, Kong RV Suchiang, today launched the National Emergency Response Support System (NERS)/ERSS to dial '112' to provide services to the citizens of the State. any incident requiring the Emergency Service of the Government.
When the rakot arrived, the miaw welcomed him with these words, “Good morning, my lord the king.
Fortunately, with the passage of time, the villagers have become wise and understand the value of khadar rule and many have said that it is time to think again in the way of electing leaders and to Business men are no longer allowed to enter the Assembly because they don't have time to serve the people, they don't have time to think about issues to discuss in the Assembly or District Council for the better. but it seems that they are doing the work of leadership only to enjoy and improve their business and they are doing the work of khadar administration only as a business.
Rahul will also hold talks with Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, party leaders and workers from the blocks.
The Advisory Board was also formed with members including Prosper Ryntathiang, Bright Ryntathiang, Dr. John Sailo Ryntathiang, Hamfrey Lyngdoh Ryntathiang and Syon Ryntathiang.
North Kivu Governor Carly Nzanzu Kasivita said in a tweet that 36 people had been killed in the attack at midnight. of Tuesday.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya today handed over the amount of 5 lakh tyngka to the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya. ICICI Bank Jowai on behalf of the Environmental Protection and Restoration Fund (ICICI) has been launched to look after the welfare of the Wah Myntdu.
Farmers have been directed to call the Rapid Response Teams of the Department through the helpline numbers to inject and treat their cows at home.
The Leader must have responsibility, knowledge and understanding of the needs of the country and the nation.
These churches are located in Dhamaninathu, Dabtalai and Uberao, run by the Protestant Shalom Church, while the Church of South India runs the church in Matasula. who have marjan.
There is no basis for the allegation that the death of fish in Wah Lukha is due to Star Cement because the dewbilat factories do not produce waste from the factories,” said Ma Pala while speaking at the opening ceremony of the Ultrasound and Anesthesia Centre. Norman Tunnel Hospital in Jowai.
And the sea gave up the dead which were in death and Hades gave up the dead which were in them; and they were judged every man according to their works.
Shillong: KHNAM MLA Adelbert Nongrum has remembered the good deeds of Dr Donkupar Roy to him until he got the post of CEM of KHADC without thinking.
They were taken 10 hours before the examination time and opened 15 minutes before the examination.
Shillong: The deaths today include Lambok Shadap of Rtiang, Mantu Das of Oakland Bivar Road, Rilan Dkhar of Jowai, Jariel Lato of Umshyngiar and Wanjop Phawa of Wahiajer Ummulong. , Kamal Muchahari of Polo, Weltonsing Khar Myndai of Umbir, Mon Kumar Suna of Jingkieng Nongthymmai, Deepak Das Choudhury of Rilbong, Benhail Jerome Shullai of Dongshaneng Umpling, Hunlang Challam of Lumiongkjam West Jaintia Pahamsyiem, Butto Money Khongkhlad of Riatsamthiah, Orsila Swer of Khliehriat Pohshnong, Rity War of Iawmusiang, Guru Das Saha of Hallidayganj Salsella, Florence Kharkongor of Ladthalaboh, Rickborn Mylliemngap of Jelinina Pardem, Prasad Ch Sinha of Brahmin Para.
Pune Mayor Murlidhar Mohol and Madhuri Misal today held a rally in Pune to demand the reopening of temples. He said that when traffic has opened, shops have opened, so temples should also open immediately.
The KSU has warned that the villagers should not allow these Bangladeshis to enter the village even though they are involved in the trade.
Voice of People Party (VPP) MLA from North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that a complaint should be lodged against the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the Minister of Home Affairs. Amit Shah's response to the allegation that Meghalaya is the most corrupt state.
They urged the MePDCL office to repair as soon as possible the posts which have almost collapsed, so that the people can avoid injury in case of collapse.
“This is because at the general council meeting, we have decided that from today on KHNAM will discuss to do justice to the people through the district council and the MP has nothing to ask. we will end up joining other parties," Passah said.
For those students who have completed the final stage of their M.Sc or PhD studies, they can continue to write their theses in consultation with their guides so that they can complete the reading at the right time.
Long like a doctor, just because that disease has killed many people, doesn't he stop treating those others, just leave them to die? In the end, according to Schlesinger, it is God's own 'failure', otherwise He would not allow such triumphant and terrible events or evils to happen as they have happened.
The insect appears only during the rainy season and can be caught only in the evening using 2 (ar ) types of siej made to be patied (pyniashoh) like shooting one on top of the other in such a way that when you connect those 2 (two) siej is exactly like this Niangrop Khrik (ar) tylli siej without stopping as you call those who come to the place without the sound – khrik dik khrik dik that when they came to fall on that tree, they were caught like Simpah, who was dressed in a bird to catch only the tied of those 2 (ar) tylli ki siej. Therefore, there should be 2 (ar) people, one tied and one catcher. If you are alone, you will not be able to catch because they are fast enough to run. The tied was stopped and at that time the 2 (ar) tylli ki siej were thrown. These words were announced to the farmers by saying NIANGROP NIANGROP to come and drink blood. When the thawla died in the grave of the Jiwan, the thawla was a source of fear to the children when they cried especially when they were happy.
Shillong, Lber, 24: U Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A. Sangma on Tuesday announced that the Central Government has released the Second Installment for the payment of salaries to teachers. state SSA school.
He said that after the Officer In-charge ordered them to lodge a complaint, one group lodged a complaint while the other group refused to lodge a complaint. but because they refused to lodge a complaint.
“However, after the Congress government led by Bah DD Lapang came in 2009, it has given the land in Mawthabah area for 30 years to mine uranium to UCIL,” said Dr Donkupar. , in 2015 after strong opposition from the people and civil society, the government has decided to cancel the land lease to UCIL. Shillong, 23 Naiwieng: Unidentified robbers, in the step At around 3:30 pm, a Maruti Car (ML 05 J 8141) of Kynjatshai newspaper was set on fire at Riatsam Thiah, Shillong.
This child has been missing since 12.3.2021 in the morning while she was going to school.
The Secretary of the Hill Farmers Union, Bah Chanbor Rymbai, read out the rules and regulations of the Hill Farmers Union.
Meanwhile, the Chairman of JHADC, MDC from War East, Lamdibok Sumer, will be sworn in today.
He said that the police who arrested him at that time did not arrest him but he was remanded in custody for less than 10 hours.
A statue of Jesus, covered in blood, from the bomb blast at St. Sebastian's Church in Negombo, north of Colombo.
The objectives, objectives and demands of the HNLC are clear that Ri Hynniewtrep is an independent country and stands on the basis of independence for Hynniewtrep from India.
The house is also a house that is covered with lyntang snep.
Neha Hajong took 3 wickets for 35 runs and Natasha Rabha took 2 wickets for 55 runs for SCA. Hajong scored 29 runs, Mansi Anand 28 runs from 27 balls and Suriti Kumari Rai 65 runs from 62 balls.
There are 760 recoveries.
Informing that no entrance fee is required to attend the Education Fair, the organizers said, “Whether they are high school students who intend to continue in college, experts in various fields who want to improve through continuing education, or parents who are looking for a way to guide their children academically, this is the perfect platform for them.
The cucumber flower can help to relieve these skin problems.
The candidates include Wailadmiki Shylla of the NPP, Moonlight Pariat of the UDP, Awhai Andrew Shullai of the TMC, Allan Keith Suchiang of the BJP and Daniel Dan of the INC. There were 38,804 voters.
School authorities and teachers should develop routines in such a way that children in different classes do not have to bring too many books or copies every day.
From this type of riewhadem, many kinds of foods are made, such as cereals, or flour.
He made his I-League debut on 5th July 2018 against Chennai City FC. Naorem Mahesh Singh joined Shillong Lajong Junior in
He went to the field with joy of heart and songs.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo said, “What we have done is small, but the result is big, and on the 10th of November we will see the picture. the beautiful one-of-a-kind".
The power is in the hands of the Lord our Creator and Savior.
Sorry to hear such news.
He said that the BJP should stop the drama to mislead the people of Meghalaya.
Fucking Priest.
They can close their shops or confiscate their vehicles and inform the police, law enforcement agencies and the District Council.
The coal traders knocked on the door of the Supreme Court.
Family members and friends of Truemen Sangma were also present on the occasion.
“Here, we have a long-term goal, a goal to shape the country’s future and it’s shaped in the classroom.
He added that the offices have informed about the issues related to the border and said that the party has not rested as it has been monitoring everything especially regarding the lack of attention of the people to the border demarcation in you become the first.
“I have cultivated 300 nurs of sohsaw pyrem, but my expectations of earning money through sohsaw have failed and I am sorry to pay the loan I took back for this cultivation,” said another. pat the farmer.
The song is composed and edited by Elvest Thabah.
The High Level Committee on Influx chaired by Bah Bindo M Lanong has recommended the implementation of the ILP (Inner Line Permit) across the state to prevent the threat of illegal entry of foreigners.
Therefore, the urgent need now is for the law enforcement agencies to regain the trust of the public by their good example.
They urged the VC to strengthen the security guards at NEHU as until now there are security guards but there are only a few.
The introduction of this garbage dump will affect the health of the people of the area, said the residents who spoke at the meeting.
The continuation of the schemes approved for the term of the 15th Finance Commission until the fiscal year 2025-26, are to assist in the implementation of the schemes in terms of selecting the project, acceleration of project allocation and project implementation during the scheme period.
One is how our children will see, and how the future of our youth will build the country and the nation, by child marriage or marriage, by drugs, by drugs. Do you know what you don't know, or what other evils? But yes,only with partnerships.
The students were admitted to the school through the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act.
She met with K. Onler Kom from Samulamlan Block after meeting him in Delhi.
MeSCMA has decided to hold the competition from 6th to 7th March, 2023, from 9 pm, where the participants have to try to climb the climbing wall of GTC, Happy Valley, Shillong before selecting the full team from among the players to represent the state.
There are also those who work in car repair factories, buildings, furniture and others.
After 2019, we will have another election in India after five years in which we have to elect the Members of Parliament of the Lok Sabha.
There are 180 vacancies for IAS, 38 for IFS, 200 for IPS, 473 for Central Services Group A and 131 for Group B.
He said that all the proceedings of the dorbar cannot be published and distributed to the members of the dorbar due to the inability of the Executive Committee to answer many questions.
Shillong, November: The Dorbar Shnong Lawmali Pyllun will hold a cleanliness drive on the 12th November 2022, starting at 8 pm.
Various signs such as wars, plagues, famines, famines, signs in the stars, the sun, the moon and so on.
The meeting was attended by KSU West Khasi Hills President Johnfisher Nongsiang, KSU West Khasi Hills President, Franklin Syiemiong General Secretary, S.Kharbani Organizing Secretary Sengkmie, Shemphang Marbaniang, KSU Organizing Secretary. Mairang Circle, Presidents and Secretaries of Units and Circles in West Khasi Hills and others.
There you will see how many people support you and they will also donate to your organization, just as they donate at the Synod meeting.
Prestone said that although the government has not issued any directive regarding the enforcement of the rules, but if the Dorbar Shnongs do so, the government will support that decision of theirs.
In order to ease the movement of the polling parties who will be proceeding to their respective polling stations on Saturday and Sunday, the West Jaintia Hills District has made the main parts of Jowai Town an almost No Entry Zone on the last day of election campaign.
Bah Ryntathiang said that the village does not accept or issue any kind of syrnod to the newcomers.
Nongsiej also strongly criticized the promise of Macmillan Byrsat MLA of the NPP from Nongstoin, saying that in 2018 after winning the election, he will invite all the coal traders in Nongstoin. to honor and to give moments.
Daiaka Warjri scored 10 runs for 10 runs and three Meghalaya batsmen were dismissed for 108 runs for 9 runs. Cloudy.
Ten people have recovered from the disease, bringing the total number of recoveries to
“The leaders should think and change their minds and don't want to make Jammu and Kashmir and Nagaland Meghalaya because these states have suffered a lot of bloodshed because of the actions of the army. Shillong, Mylliem, 7mer, you will see the words (TRESPASSERS WILL BE SHOOT or TRESPASSERS YN SHOT"), these words are cold and if you make a mistake, you will be killed, it is for us to learn. “If in Shillong they are willing to threaten, what will happen in the remote areas of the city?” said the statement.
Dr Kharlukhi asked four questions regarding the demand for the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya.
After the counting of votes, a stone throwing incident occurred at Nangbah village, West Jaintia Hills District on the 2nd of October
Meanwhile, in Shillong, the members carried placards with the slogan “Identify, eliminate, expel all foreigners who have come since 1971 instead of giving them accommodation” Chairman of NESO, Samuel B Jyrwa, in his speech last month, reminded the people of North East that on November 11, 2019, despite the opposition from this state, the people of Ri Lum Khasi, but the Government of India has ignored the requests and has sent the Citizenship (Amendment) Act 2019 through the Rajya Sabha.
However, we believe that the insects that eat the jyntang riewhadem are found in Khasi-Jaintia as well as in other countries.
The first ASHA payment mobile application, launched by the Meghalaya government in October 2022, has brought about improvements as since the launch of the app, Rs 12.2 crore has been paid to ASHA workers in around the state.
He said that the Khasi people are rich in culture and have their own traditional sounds and music.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday distributed money and food items to the people of Rangtari in Rangsakona Block, South West Garo Hills District.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Conrad Sangma stressed the need to encourage local workers in various sectors.
Matthew 15:3-6.
Thank you, Shihajar, Garod LSN Dykes, IAS Deputy Commissioner West Jaintia Hills District.
The UDP is confident of winning the KHADC after the Congress MDC Bah Albinus Lyngdoh confirmed to join tomorrow. to reveal your name.
Bihar has 9 cases and Odisha has 3 cases.
There was a Panchayat Committee, but the village leaders here requested to abolish it and in 2013, I won and abolished it.
On the other hand, she said that this era is very dangerous because of many problems especially when the students are involved in various evils especially drugs.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah T.Lyngwa expressed his gratitude to the MDSA for organizing this tournament and for producing many players not only in football but also in terms of sports. The Swimming Association has produced many prominent swimmers although we don't have a swimming pool in the district. They have a lot of respect and honor not only for them but for the region and the state as a whole.
However, by ignoring the teachings of their religions, these believers are the ones who destroy the society, the politics in the villages and in the state or even in the country.
Delhi has 27,007 cases undergoing treatment and 59,992 recoveries.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong U-13 Academy beat Anantapur Football Academy 8-0 in the first leg of the U-13 Youth League play-off in Kolkata today.
But sin cannot be hidden.
Kambesa A.Sangma top scored with 16 runs.
Sanjita Chanu, one of the two-time Commonwealth Games champions, has been injured in the women's rugby team. The National Anti Doping Agency (NADA) has suspended the athlete for four years for failing to pass a drug test last year.
Love, which is the nature of mankind and which comes from the heart, has become a mere commodity.
Also present on the occasion were Special DGP I Nongrang, Commandant of the 1st Battalion Claudia Lyngwa and other officers.
After a while, PTI chief Fawad Chaudhry sent a letter to the Chief Secretary of Punjab urging him to lodge a complaint against the chief. PML-N Maryam Nawaz, Naqvi, Dr Usman Anwar and others involved in the raid on Khan's residence on that day.
According to police sources, the suspect was identified as Name-banjop Mawlieh, of Upper New Nongstoin Village, West Khasi Hills District. His father, Bikram Jamatia, was from Kila in Tripura.
In another development, 12 prominent leaders of the Congress, NPP, BJP and one State Youth Wing of the AAP in the 4-Mowkaiaw Constituency were welcomed.
In the past 24 hours, 81,466 new cases of Covid-19 have been reported in India, the highest number in
About 20 or 25 years ago, you never heard of Khasi youths joining the police.
On the other hand, the inaction of the State Government has made the robbers of the Sengbhalang group believe that they are above the law.
Khliehriat, July 26: The Directorate of Arts and Culture, Meghalaya, on Tuesday announced that the department is currently conducting the registration process. Registration Drive to register with Cultural Institutions and Cultural Organizations and the Directorate.
According to the rules of the Council, the Club should have a Trade License and the members or employees of the Club should also pay the Professional Tax to the Council,” said KHNAM in the petition. The meeting was signed by the Working President, Thomas Passah and the General Secretary, James MA Neng.
In this regard, we will write to the Director of Urban Affairs and also to MUDA that those who have been allocated parking lots should have the rules and the cleanliness of the morning is one.
This shows that the “Paradoh-Parasnam” is not enough to unite mankind.
These items were seized from three women who were traveling from Silchar to Shillong/Guwahati in a Sumo.
Sate Bareh and Heipormi Laloo took two wickets each.
Recalling the sacrifice of the Garo people, Bernard said that there are few people who remember these people but any protest and sacrifice made by the private sector will not be in vain.
Speech was also delivered by Tiakala Longkumer, Principal, School of Nursing, who expressed her special thanks and gratitude to the nurses of the state who have been able to leave their homes for the purpose of providing adequate health facilities for the people of the state.
“And I will gather you from the people, and gather you out of all the countries whither ye have been scattered, and I will give you the land of Israel” Ezekiel 11:1
The Pep Guardiola-led team has reached a goal that no other club in England has reached since the start of the tournament in 1888, 136 years. earlier.
Nongstoiñ, November 04: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawthadraishan Circle (KSU) has given its full support to the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) on the demand for the transfer of the BDO of Mawthadraishan C&RD Block. They also agreed with the demand to dismiss the BDO, Bah L.Diengdoh.
There are also those who have been honored as Syiems in their respective constituencies and villages.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Donboklang Dohling, Proprietor and Chief Operations of Designated Driver Shillong, said that the Designated Driver Shillong has been monitored by the police department and the district authorities. that identified drivers will ensure that passengers are safe in travel.
He demanded that the government should look into this problem of the people on the health of the people.
He said that the union has also received information that the Chief Minister has also called and talked to the leaders of East Jaintia Hills District and representatives of NHAI and there has been an inspection, but However, the works have not been completed and there are no signs to repair this road.
Replying to this, Conrad raised many issues by criticizing Bah Ardent for being selfish and ignorant of what the government has done.
Police today, together with Bah L Kynjing, MCS, SDO, Sohra, in the presence of Bah AS Mukhim, left for the dorbar hall of Jasir Shella. , Magistrate, Bah P Syiem MPS, Bah B Kharjana MPS along with 70 policemen.
On the part of the victimized families and the residents of Kongthong village, they expressed their gratitude and appreciation to the government authorities from the office of the SDO (civil) of Sohra Sub Division, the Deputy Commissioner ( supply), East Khasi Hills, the Department of Food and Civil Supply of the Government of Meghalaya who have been ready to take action and assist immediately to provide foodgrains especially in these times of crisis. You have been locked down for many months.
Shillong: The North East Students' Organization (NESO) today strongly criticized the Indian government for passing the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2019 (CAB) in the Rajya Sabha.
Floyd Mayweather has revealed his net worth of $2 million in cash on social media.
“We can say that the Assam border police, who have no sense of humanity and are willing to take the lives of unarmed civilians, is the work of bloodthirsty savages.
The NIA raided the residence of Abdul Wahid Shaikh in Vikhroli area of ​​Mumbai, Maharashtra.
Jowai: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Jowai has invited applications for the post of Fair Price Shop Dealer for the urban and rural areas.
The death toll in Gaza has risen to 1,5
Mawlai MLA and UDP Youth Wing President Embhahlang B. Syiemlieh said, “The UDP strongly opposes the MUDA's invasion of Khapsor villages and areas outside the Shillong Municipal Board boundary.
The total number of cases has risen to 3,979 and the death toll has risen to
There are also areas on the national highway which have not been completely cleared and it is expected that the NHAI staff will take action to clear the soil on the NH-6
Shillong, Lber 18: Even in India, when it comes to elections, there is no greater need than education.
Ramesh strongly criticized Prime Minister Modi's initiative as an act of “Vishwaguru”.
So far, 0.8813 crore doses of Covaxin have been delivered till
In this incident, the storm also swept away the belongings of the household until they were no longer strong.
“According to Bah Goldenstar, these incidents occurred after they applied for the village certificate from the Rangbah Shnong.
“We on behalf of the Hima demand that those people who came to force the gate should pay all the costs of the damage,” said Bah Auxilius Syiem Syiem.
The union expresses its regret and sadness to see the decline in education over the years and the shortage of students in karma classes besides the lack of enrollment in SSA schools. .Another sad thing is that there are only a few teachers appointed by the School Managing Committee (SMC) in SSA schools and they are still waiting for government jobs. “They don't even get their salaries and this has put a problem in the education system in the state,” said the union.
"It's what you say," said the father. "Why don't you ask for help if you have the opportunity? One more thing, let him continue to work with you," said the mother. u menkpa“Why do you say that?” “I don't know, but I have to do it, mother,” replied the father. “Your job or our job will not succeed if we get a job that works right, tell us. righteous and not guilty.
The union also said that this proposal of the company will affect the village as it is only about 500 meters away from Wahiajer village and will also affect the neighboring villages. “There is no benefit to these dewbilat factories in the area, but only damage,” said the President of the union, Bah P Syiemlieh. The forests are clean and green, but since the arrival of these dewbilat companies in the area it has become like a garbage dump where the water, rivers and air are no longer clean. Even the plants, forests and agriculture are no longer available and the forests have been destroyed and this has caused the loss of livelihood to the area. “It is on this basis that the party stands firmly against this public hearing”.
“When you don't see the sign, you don't know.
They also stole T.2 lakh from the petrol pump and fled the scene.
Anurag Singh Thakur – Minister of State in the Ministry of Finance; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Corporate Affairs15.
There has been a meeting between the MCTA and the Vice-Chancellor in the past few days, but it is clear that the teachers will continue not to teach the students in the First Semester.
This Raid was the first to be held in Jaintia Hills.
In Christian Home Godly children are been raised".
The match on that day was smooth and lively in which the participants brought their own fans.
Not only that, the Central Government has allocated hundreds of crores of rupees to increase the production of milk in the country.
If this is truly an internal change, there will always be a change in some people and if it is, it is the beginning but it should not be the beginning. 100% change will come...The Bible says...People should understand now.
“As the President of the BJP Meghalaya, I take responsibility for the state and the party as a whole and not just for myself,” said the President of the party. He said that the speech to remove Bah Lahkmen Rymbui is only a personal speech of the President, not of the party as a whole, after the death of those six people in the coal mine where the owner of the coal mine. Shillong: The President of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union, Microlina Syiemlieh, on Tuesday said that the attendance of 108 workers was 108 employees. to express their grief over the fact that this department has been run by foreign companies.
Shekborlin Shiangbai, District Coordinator BDBM Mawkyrwat Block who conducted the meeting gave the welcome speech while Joystarding Lyngdoh Block Coordinator Mawkyrwat gave the greeting speech.
This year's French Open will be held on the 28th of January.
Guwahati: Two new cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed in Assam, bringing the total number of cases to
This is a communication from the family.
If you cannot visit the Block Office, the schemes will not reach the farmers.
He also alleged that the EC in JHADC which includes the MDCs of the United Democratic Party and the MDCs of the National People's Party, but did not include the three MDCs of the BJP party. The NPP led by the Executive Committee has not included the BJP MDCs, although in the MDA Government they have been involved in forming the state government. party is something that is totally unacceptable.
Depot Manager HPCL, Depot, Betkuchi Guwahati The Meghalaya government has decided to suspend the supply of petrol to the state due to the traffic jam. their transportation.
He said that there are many political party leaders who have lost elections whether in the country or in the state, but losing elections does not mean that you don't have a name anymore, but when you are still working and still smart in politics.
He left home in 2012 to go to Chennai because someone knew him and promised him a job but on 12th November, 2012 he left Chennai to return home. house but while returning by train he got lost when he reached Kolkata and was robbed of all his belongings and all the documents he had with him.
In short, AlTWPF is a member of the International Mass Wrestling Federation.
Our election of leaders is our democratic right.
We cannot blame only those prostitutes or prostitutes who sell illegal drugs, just as we cannot blame only one hand.
I would like to speak to the law enforcement agencies, please don't anger, don't help the soul of the youth but fulfill your duty properly that the Government has assigned but don't underestimate the youth who enter jail for various reasons. of the nation.
The outbreak of the coronavirus in China has claimed 25 lives and more than 100,000 people have died. 830 people have been arrested to date.
At present, the Air Force said there are only two routes to Lum Shyllong and both have to pass through the Air Force gate.
In 2003, PT Sawkmie won from the MDP with 8031 ​​votes, FS Cajee from the PDM with 6249 votes, Shingly Nongkhlaw from the UDP with 1576 votes and Amanda Pathaw with only 1576 votes. In 2008, the people of Mawlai rejected Bah PT Sawkmie and elected Bah FS Cajee, who received 12,490 votes from the Congress party. PT Sawkmie of Mawlai Constituency received 9411 votes, Celestina Lamin of NCP received 1028 votes and Shingly Nongkhlaw of KHNAM received 1028 votes. Gregory Kharnaior of the Lok Janata Party received only 119 votes.
Shillong: The Nongkrem and Pomblang Festival of the Syiems of Shillong Hima Hima today came to an end in the presence of tens of thousands of people from all over the state. Foreigners from outside the state have flocked to this shad Nongkrem which is also known as the shad niam within the Hima Khyriem which is still going on to this day.
“I don't know anything about this letter and it was published to defame me,” she said.
The Police Battalion is one of the sources of employment for hundreds and thousands of youth, but in Meghalaya for many years now, no new Police Battalion has been established. The state has got a full state, but we still have only seven battalions and one SF 10 while compared to other states in the region we have dozens of battalions of police and this it has helped to provide employment to thousands of young men and women.
The suspect raped the girl by throwing a knife from her neck and taking her to a farmhouse in a rice field near the village.
“I also have the intention to bring unity among the residents of Rambrai Jyrngam area and especially to eliminate the ethnic discrimination between the Khasi and Garo within the boundary of Rambrai and “It is also necessary to stand on the foundation of the HSPDP party,” said Paliar.
He also urged not to allow foreign forces to interfere with this wise leadership but to unite and set a good example to others.
He asked whether the UCC would accept the women's rights.
Speaking as the chief guest, Ms. G.Dkhar of Bethany Society congratulated All India Radio, Shillong for organizing this festival for the blind. encourage them to be courageous in their talents.
My government will act decisively in this regard.
When asked whether there is any intention to talk to Mukul Sangma when he said earlier that the government does not want to implement the ILP, Titos said the UDP does not want to talk in the open, but will talk to the government has called for this.
Therefore, we need to pray for the rulers of Meghalaya or India because the Word of God urges us to pray – it says Let prayers, prayers, intercessions be made for all people (the nation) and for that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty.—1 Timothy 2:1-2
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Warjri acknowledged that there are shortcomings in the state but the government is trying to meet the needs of the government employees.
IAMAI will work with the participants on the measures taken under this Code and IAMAI together with the participants will discuss regularly with the ECI during the elections.
Therefore, the EJHDFA invites all clubs, teams and private teams to participate in this tournament.
Angelina Jackson, 18, has also won the title of Miss Teen Meghalaya
Franklin Lymphud opened the scoring in the 11th minute.
Protests have intensified in the country over the ouster of President Maduro, led by Juan Gaido, who has called on the army to fight. against and to remove Maduro.
Four youths were involved in the shooting at 1 pm on July 3 in Ranikor.
Suddenly, there was an exchange of fire which lasted for about 3 minutes.
The lack of clarity in the appointment process and conditions for the appointment of this person is an issue that we demand to address immediately.
Copies of the letter were sent to the CEM KHADC, Minister of Development and others.
Do you have any questions about Meghalaya? I and you have been covered with this color and all the goods of our state have been bought. Not only that, there have been strong desires among the elders of the world to point fingers at the Government for this and that. There are those who have been appointed as Advisers to the CM, how many Advisers to the CM in this MDA government? don, it seems that there is too much to give you advice, until you are no longer able to understand the crowd.
Speaking on politics, Mukul said, “If you talk about the country, you see that it is now in uncertainty and now you have seen the feeling of many churches to work together to maintain democracy. , because democracy is at stake these days".
We must be aware of the problems of the community, especially the poor who are suffering from hunger, disease and poverty.
The party invites all the parents and youth from South West Khasi Hills District and Mawsynram Block, East Khasi Hills District, regardless of party or region, to attend the event together. They urged the government to expedite the granting of justice to the family of Bah Che.
Shillong, November: The All Meghalaya State Electricity Board (ESTB) Staff Union (NEB) has celebrated its 25th Silver Jubilee on the 16th of this month at the Dorbar Hall, Jaiaw Shyiap. & Lum Pyllon, Shillong in the presence of Sanjay Goyal, IAS Chairman cum Managing Director, MeECL, Shillong, Bah Dipsambor Hynniewta, MCS, Director Corporate Affairs, MeECL, Shillong.
However, I want to tell you clearly that it is easy to speak but difficult to understand, to listen and to correct if it is done by force. many".
Shillong, Nailur 08: Teachers and students of Pine Mount School, Shillong on Friday demanded the immediate resignation of the Principal of Pine Mount School, Shillong.
This has reduced the State's ability to count itself and the Government has accepted this method of census which shows that there is little right to count.
In fact, we see the MLA as a road builder.
That driver stopped and invited us to sit.
Shillong: Today, there was a heavy noise in different parts of Shillong, which shocked many people.
However, I want to eliminate all these acts of violence, because we all want to earn the right to live and stand in our rights and there should be no more flags after the elections”.
“Agriculture is an important occupation which the youth have not yet considered as a occupation.
Speaking to media, u Bah PN Syiem after receiving the verdict of the High Court today in which the CEM of KHADC has been charged with the crime. Regarding the appointment of Executive Members, he said that the blame goes to the state government for the slowdown in the work of the KHADC in the last two months.
With this victory, Ladthadlaboh have moved equal to Rangdajied United on seven points, but Rangdajied United are in the top position in terms of goal difference.
He said that the wearing of the headscarf, by covering only the tmoh, or removing the headscarf, while speaking, is not permissible.
With this victory, Nongkynrih Sports Club has scored three points and has advanced to the semi final after beating 7 Bros in the first leg of the tournament. 1.
Switzerland have scored 10 points in their opening match against Cameroon in Group G. However, Cameroon are stronger than Switzerland in terms of play. or how to thep goal.
M.Temsen-Executive Member, J.Nongrum-Executive Member, M.Kharnaior -Executive Member, and LAMA VILLA UNIT-.
Because of the large number of poor people, money also goes well during elections and therefore, those rich people will win in many places although not in all places.
There are those who want a government without the NPP and BJP.
He said that no affidavit has been sent.
Therefore, it is necessary to work together with all from the government authorities to the people.
Speeches were delivered by Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Wailadmiki Shylla, Santamary Shylla, HM Shangpliang in the presence of NPP office bearers and the people.
On this occasion, awards were presented to the winners of various competitions in drawing, essay writing and others.
S.K.Lato (MPHF), Rtn.
The Constitution should be the central theme of governance and we should not deviate from it.
Shillong, June 18: Sohra and Mawsynram have been included in the world record as the wettest villages in the world. and in the midst of this conflict there was another village from France which held that name.
On the same day of the trophy release, the theme song of the tournament was also released.
The Prime Minister said that he used to pray before the meeting as his father, PA Sangma used to do.
East Khasi Hills is the worst affected district in the state with 895 active cases followed by Ri Bhoi district with 124 cases and West Jaintia Hills with 115 cases.
The forward scored another goal in the 30th minute to give Saiden a 3-0 lead at the end of the first half.
In today's society, education is no longer a tool for getting government jobs but a doorway to other fields of life.
If we are to unite with India, it means that its various ethnic groups should not be afraid of mynder or Dkhars, or of the oppression of our own people by the high paid.
Even if they don't come to repair, BSNL should confirm whether it will continue to operate or not, so that the public will know and take the necessary action.
“After taking over the MDA government in 2018, one of the political leaders said that this is only an interim or adhoc government and soon it will collapse, but this adhoc government has turned into a stable government for 6 years, and the reason is because it works for the welfare and safety of the people.
It is surprising that the state government has not been informed that more than 40 coal mines have been operating illegally.
Nongstoin, Nailur 5: Due to the spread of drugs across the Khasi and Jaintia Hills, R.Kongwang Joint Director DSEL WKH Nongstoin, Nailur 5: The Women's Church of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod, through the Temperance Committee, has directed the Women's Church of the Nongstoin Presbytery, to hold any special programs to raise awareness among the public on the dangers of drugs.
She turned to Rangsan and said.
The Ambassador of South Korea to India, Chang Jae-Bok, who visited Meghalaya, said that this pilot project is important and will help India in the use of technology. knowledge such as this modern technology.
The KSU under the leadership of its President Daniel Khyriem and General Secretary Auguster Jyrwa today met with the KSU President Daniel Khyriem and General Secretary Auguster Jyrwa. The CEM has promised to give T.25 crore instead of T.20 crore. The T.25 crore will be allocated from the special allocation that the KHADC will receive from the Central Government in the next allocation.
The players selected for the tournament are Riboklang Hynniewta, Sylvester Mylliempdah, Arien Bonchang Sangma, Chengkam Sangma, Junjun M Sangma, Mewada Shylla, Sanvert Kurkalang, Kilco R Marak, Lerry G Sangma, Ram Gurung, Anish Charak, Akash K Choudhary, Amiangshu Sen, Rajesh Bishnoi, Nahul Verma, including other standbys Lakhan Singh, Md Nafees Siddique, Adarsh ​​Joshi, Sengpan Sangma, Robert R Sangma.
He said that anyone who feels ill and has a different type of illness should be sent to hospitals.
“I want to go in April.
Shillong, October 26: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) candidate Dr. Ricky Syngkon has registered his nomination papers at the DC Office on Tuesday morning for the Lok Sabha MP election from Shillong. Seat.
In the second half, Myrjai beat Salaroh 5-0. Lamphrang Kyndait scored the goals in the 15th minute, Jumonki Phawa in the 23rd minute and Treilang Kyndait in the 23rd minute. 26th, 65th & 69th minutes.
The Pope also said that all countries of the world have their own laws and have their own power to rule within their own country.
These people don’t take the job seriously.
The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills, Ma Garod LSN Dykes, has called a meeting with the political parties and leaders of the country. village of War Jaintia Hills.
The General Secretary of the Federation of Khasi and Garo People, Samla Deihok Sumer, has congratulated the Society for Study of Law (SFSL) for taking this step to demand from the government. He also thanked the Jaintia Students Movement, East Jaintia Hills District for inviting him to hold this meeting in East Jaintia Hills District. Therefore, we have a goal to move forward until we get this necessary demand for the benefit of the youth of the area.
The areas within the Inner Line of the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation, 1873 will not be affected by the new CAB.
The leading office bearers of the EC were Chairman Kwik Lyngdoh, Vice Chairman Samwell Marngar, Secretary DF Wahlang, Treasurer Cleverness Nongsiej and Advisors. Mr. Tleding Wanniang and Mr. Donbok Thabah.
Farmers and youth in Jaintia Hills have lost their right to RSETI due to the mismanagement of the United Bank of India, Jowai.
Therefore, we demand that the state government should not accept such rules of these people or the HPC,” said the HYC Sengkmie in the petition.
However, fish produced in the state and imported from Assam have been allowed to be sold.
Nongpoh, July 21: The Ri-Bhoi District Sports Association (RBDSA) today welcomed the athletes of Ri-Bhoi District who participated in the 5th Meghalaya Games. The district came second in the tournament after winning 79 medals.
New Delhi: There have been 3,47,254 new cases of covid-19 in India today, bringing the total number of cases in India to 3,85,66,027 and 9,692 cases of Omicron. , according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Especially in the Jaintia Hills, there is no such thing.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) on the 10th of this month has issued a show cause notice to the opposition Voice of the People Party (VPP) regarding the allegation of intimidation by its supporters. The party has held an election campaign meeting of the National People's Party (NPP).
In order to obtain a good dumasla, they cut off the stalks of the dumasla plant, that is, the shylluit from which the inflorescence appears and which will appear again later.
U Tymmen U San also stood up to judge the thew before the Lord God that he would protect him, take care of him and make him happy, that there would be no soap, no sakai, no apthap, no bishni, no pihuin, no thew and no sylla. It is true that such evil thoughts, which cannot be heard with one's own ears or seen with one's own eyes, the Lord God himself will destroy such things.
The party's initiative to strengthen its activities in those constituencies led by these MLAs without their consultation has shown the lack of respect for the people of the Congress.
California authorities say there are 9,000 firefighters around the state's forest.
In the opinion of people, there is a sense of sympathy for these teachers who have taught for 8 or 10 years.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government has announced the date for the Khasi and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council elections.
Shillong: Rangdajied United FC will play against the new team in the Shillong Premier League 2023 at the SSA Polo Stadium on Saturday. FC beat Nongthymmai SC 1-0
Jowai, Nailar 24: The District Administration and District Sports Office (DSO) West Jaintia Hills District on Friday held a 'Dat Moopoin' and 'Iatan Tyllai' competition as part of the celebration of National Sports Day. Eight schools from the District participated.
"I went to the house where the Kremlin troops are, but there is no Russian flag there," one of the residents of the village wrote in a telegram. Russian flags are still present in parts of the city.
This shlem will be one of the places to attract tourists.
Meanwhile, former CEM and Leader of the Opposition, Bah Titos W Chyne, urged the new Executive Committee to take seriously this issue as many government departments accept people who have changed their race only. affidavit.
The Sein Kyntu Sein Raij 12 Daloi called and prayed especially for the children of the Bri U.
After the games, the Best Player (Under-17 Girls) awards were awarded to the BBC SS Steplanglur.
The deficit teachers are still receiving the same salary of 3.5 lakh which was the price of 16/17 years ago.
Monalisa Dhar was elected as the President and in her speech she said that most of our Khasi are proud to speak foreign languages ​​while forgetting to respect their own language.
Speaking to media, the Minister said, “For the first time, the Ministry of Tourism in collaboration with the Ministry of Horticulture has taken the initiative to hold this festival to promote this variety. and other fruits and bowls made from the state to attract visitors from all over.
In West Khasi Hills, only Dr. Eureka Lyngdoh has received her nomination papers. In Rambrai, only Dr. Eureka Lyngdoh has received her nomination papers.
This means that Pogba will be 35 years old when he is able to play again.
The SP said the department has received information that there are still groups who do not want the case to end and this has been reflected in the posts on social media.
In addition, the time has come to move the Head Office to the factory.
However, I would like to clarify that every day before distributing drinking water in Shillong, the PHE department conducts a test at Mawphlang Treatment Plant.
Bah Vincent H.Pala, said that the NYKS has been working for 50 years and has the goal of empowering the youth of the country in various fields. He said that the youth have a very important role in the society, who are also involved in various activities in the society to build the country. (technology), young people have the opportunity to gather information as well as to showcase their talents.
From the demanding requirements in schools to involvement in childhood sports.
Therefore, the Seng urges the Prime Minister to expedite the appointment of this expert committee so that it can move forward with this pending work.
The incident occurred when a Gypsy crossed the pass of a truck which was passing chess, but at that time, another Bolero suddenly appeared, the truck and the Gypsy reached the side of the road while the Bolero is parked in the middle of the road.
After that they will give me a report".
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Shylla said that the purpose of celebrating this day every year is to raise awareness about the life and journey of people with disabilities.
Those people who came to settle here in our country have the same idea as the French, that we have wealth, we have milk and fish, and we are also good and gentle.
“There are those who receive money from the government, in political or business relations, who stand blindly behind the government, those who drive trucks to Jaintia Hills, who feel that the ILP has not brought them any benefit and so on. ter.
In West Jaintia Hills District, school children participated in the Rally Against Tobacco and Signature Campaign which was held in the form of a competition under the supervision of the State Tobacco Control Cell in collaboration with the State Education Department and the State Education Department. Sambanh Health Foundation.
It is said that the sohphan in Kerala is very clean and free of any tram diseases and there is no pesticide on the roots.
These insects in the pork will die after being cooked until it is safe to eat but she said the danger is to shut it for a few seconds because this is not possible. to kill the wicked.
In a reply sent by the Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi District Congress Committee, Bah Charles Marngar, he said that the No Objection Certificate (NoC) from the Vice Chancellor of USTM and the Rangbah Shnong has not been issued. attach faithfully to the permit application.
When this reporter found the land, he saw that the owners of the land were cutting lights and throwing stones in the middle of the road and he released the vehicle of the reporter to work from side to side. He went to the other side and threw the nurbah to block the way for the other vehicles.
Ibalahun Rymbai was awarded the “Tbn. The first principal of KJP Synod Mihngi HSS and Khroo Meda Dkhar were awarded the D. Blah Memorial Trophy Award by the school authorities.
It will cleanse us from the misunderstandings and thoughts that do not belong to us, which come to change us from our new nature.
Among the injured was a woman who was still injured in the accident.
The MTSO is one of the groups which has organized many talent competitions in the State from Meghalaya's Got Talent Season-1 to Season-4 and has also organized the Meghalaya's Got Specially Abled Talent Season- 1 in 2018 which was supported by the Social Welfare Department of EKH and will now bring back this program for the disabled people of the NorthEast.
It is to be recalled that many of the civil society organizations have expressed their views on these roads in West Khasi Hills.
The incident happened at 2:30 pm at Kamagre village.
It is a pleasure to hear from the experts who have been very concerned about how to preserve their own language, they have worked hard to share the knowledge. but in the midst of the busy work, it is sad to say that many of them don't speak their own language at all.
“We found that the theft of question papers was only in Dadenggre Sub-division while in all the sub-divisions where the examination was conducted the examination went smoothly and the result was announced,” he said.
In the goal chase, EGH dropped two of its batters in just a few moments of the start of the game, but with the perseverance of two batters for the rest of the game, Lensbirth N Marak (25 runs) and Aristo (12 runs) scored five wickets for their team, after they beat each other by 45 runs.
After the resurrection, that man became a spiritual body and became like the angels because the angels also have a spiritual body.
Jowai, Naiwieng 15: U MLA of Jowai Constituency Wailadmiki Shylla today inaugurated the truck parking lot, JCB and new refuse compactor of the Jowai Municipal Board (JCB). JMB) at a meeting held at the ground floor of the same office at Khimusniang, Jowai.
Did you know we have a weak and continuingly weak government? Do you know why? Because people don't care anymore, they have left their will and they don't feel the need to take part and this path we are taking is wrong.
On the same day, Bah Shylla will also launch the Constitution of the Ri-Bhoi Dorbar.
The selected candidates will undergo temporary training in Shillong and after that, they will leave for Bengaluru on 1st November.
Therefore also the holy child who is born of you will be called the Son of God.
Samla Aristone also urged the residents not to pollute the river but to keep it clean so that the fish will grow from time to time, and the benefit will be to the residents. “It's a good idea to catch fish to eat from this river,” he added.
xiii.
After the event in Guwahati, the Blenders Pride Nights 2022 will be held in Warangal, Nagpur, Indore, Karnal and Noida.
Regarding the petition submitted by the Seiñraij Ïalong to improve the Behdienkhlam Dance Ground, the Tre-Pyrda (Aitnar) viewing area, the roads from the main road to the tourist spot, the Prime Minister said: promised to pour in aid.
Before the start of the match, speeches were delivered by Bah Ïohbor Suting who was the chief guest, Bah Ïohbor Suting who was the chief guest, Bah Olet Kharsahnoh who was the chief guest. of the Village of Rngibah.
The celebration of the 100th Anniversary of the church started on Saturday 18th July and ended with a thanksgiving service on Sunday 19th July at the church hall.
A complaint was lodged with the Chandmari police and the suspect was arrested.
Pretty said that Bah Bindo is still the chief secretary of the UDP and will continue to do so.
Natasha Rabha took two wickets in four overs for SCA 'B'
“It is a new season of the U-18 Youth League with a new challenge.
Members of the AA said that this year there will be a celebration of the 25th Anniversary at the NEHU Convention Center from tomorrow and on the 23rd of October this year.
The body was identified as Ukhuefe Prince Ken, a resident of Benin City, Edo, Nigeria and was identified by Emmanuel Ninamai, a Nigerian Indian resident of Khanapara, Assam. .
And the judgment and responsibility falls on himself, because religion, God or the devil, his organization, group, ideology or anything he does cannot be destroyed. believe.
The speakers alleged that Bah Shylla introduced the bill for personal reasons which he had a conflict with Waibha Kyndiah son of Bah PR Kyndiah who was fighting against him at that time.
Besides the herbal medicines, the 19-year-old doctor also has a miraculous power that when he sees that only herbs cannot cure a person, he uses the herbal medicines. patients to buy from the pharmacy and gives the names of medicines.
Bah Paul also criticized the half-term candidate PBM Basaiawmoit who creates religious differences among the people, and who receives support from politicians like the MLA from Umroi.
In a meeting with the residents, they said that the proposal to build a coke factory has already threatened the residents and is being forced by the owner of the factory, at the same time. I am also the head of Mynkrem.
On the occasion, the Minister said that the government has taken action to complete the 100 km Mairang-Rani Godown road as soon as possible.
This meeting expressed its gratitude and appreciation to the State Government, leading workers and fighters, Rangbah Shnongs and leaders in rural and urban areas, groups and individuals as well as volunteers who have supported in various ways to fight against this disease.
He said the reason for the reluctance of the daju to wear uniforms is because they face problems besides the price of uniforms is low.
He said that as soon as the dorbar ended on the 25th, they tried to meet the prime minister at his office at the Secretariat, but they could not. “The employees and office bearers of our party are not only working in this job, we also have other jobs. “In the years to come, we will learn to think,” said Bah DB Swer in an interview with Rupang.
The 'Shad Nongkrem' which is held once a year by the Syiems of Hima Khyrim ended on the 2nd of November amidst a lot of joy and happiness inside the palace in Smit, East Khasi Hills with the participation of Rangkynsai and the young women of the Kingdom.
But when the great flood comes that will not destroy us, then we will be united.
The DMHO has also directed that once every 40 days, all drivers will be tested by RTPCR to check whether there are any cases of corona virus. The driver of the vehicle, before starting to unload goods at Tambail.
He also expressed his satisfaction with the progress made by the health department in East and West Jaintia Hills on the vaccination and urged them to take action to set a target to vaccinate those who are at risk or who may be affected. .
Since 1970, 1980, 1990 and until today, it has been seen that this issue of protecting us the small paid here has been the priority of the leaders of our state, especially the Sengbhalang leaders who I have come forward to speak and fight for this issue to convince the government to pass those laws which can protect us from being overwhelmed by the floods.
It is low in calories, fat and carbs, but high in fiber, nutrients, vitamins and minerals.
This promise according to the NGEA members has failed, on the one hand, forcing the workers to go ahead with the strike.
He said that the party urges the MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayral Born Syiem to take action to inform the government about the problems faced by the people of the area. This will be discussed in the Assembly at the upcoming dorbar synrai for the convenience of the people in coming and going.
On the other hand, the CEM said that the EM Market Department, Grace Mary Kharpuri, EM Trade Rangkynsai Kharbuki, other MDCs, Mylliem Hima, the HFU and the traders from Ïewduh, will attend the ceremony. visit the Ïewduh tomorrow morning.
These include EGH: 13, EJH: 20, EKH: 66, NGH: 20, RBD: 07, SGH: 09, SWGH: 07, SWKH: 01, WGH: 81, WJH: 28 and WKH:
Shillong, Jymmang 18: As a sign of celebration of the BJP's victory, Narendra Modi has been sworn in as Prime Minister. Shillong Modi Fan Club, leaders and members of the Shillong Modi Fan Club along with senior leaders of the BJP including former President Dr.W.Kharshiing, General Secretary Former BJP leader LG Laloo and other BJP leaders held a ceremony at the party office in RR Colony, Rynjah to congratulate Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister of India, Rajnath Singh. , the President of the BJP and all the members of the Central Body of Delhi.
The manager is identified as Shushil Sangma.
Hek said the NDA government has provided financial assistance to about 9.5 crore farmers in India who have reached the age of 60 years and above at the cost of 3000 tyngka per month.
Frm Lymba Office
Nongstoiñ, Nawieng 25: The UHM Mawshynrut Circle under the leadership of the President of the Circle, Stevenson Nongsiej, has found that the SSA school at Mawlai Umdang Mawshynrut has been destroyed. and the tables were broken down.
Rev. Mohrmen said that the time has come for the farmers to try to package their crops using lamet leaves or kait leaves to reduce the use of plastic.
He urged the Principal to improve the education department of the school.
“When we have servants, how can they not serve because at the price they have violated the rights of the state at the price of silver and gold,” she said.
When asked by Mawphor about the number of MLAs and politicians involved in the Khadar rule, Bah Samborlang Diengdoh said it depends on the people. How can not everyone who is a businessman be bad and not everyone be good?
In this wise world, many want to lead others because they feel that they are wiser.
They were reportedly involved in a Muslim religious ceremony in Nizamuddin South, New Delhi.
Jowai, Nailur 3: After a dispute between the residents of the village and the operators of the 100 days bill scheme, the Deputy Commissioner of Jowai has called for a public hearing in the village on the 6th of this month. this month at the Community Hall of the Dorbar Shnong.
Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro on Sunday led a large crowd to take to the streets of Rio de Janeiro to protest against excessive restrictions. Governors and Mayors in various cities and states of the country, as a precautionary measure against the spread of the corona virus.
They urged Conrad Sangma and Prime Minister Narendra Modi to recognize these villages and include them in the UNESCO heritage site, as has been reported.
KSU leaders have taken the initiative to accompany and comfort 66 students of CAU Manipur, after they returned to their home state, due to lack of comfort. Manipur, which is the result of a fierce conflict between the Meitei and Kukis.
Nongpoh: It is surprising to learn that Nongrim Jirang, an old village not only in Jirang, but in Ri Bhoi as well, is still facing many problems. Besides, it doesn't get many development projects, but what has shocked the people is that for 10 years they have to live in darkness without electricity.
I support him although I have nothing to do with the NPP, this action of Bah DD Lapang is a lesson to the slaves and children of the Khasi people that we should not despise the elderly who have I don't reach the Y category because God is sorry.
Bah Thabah said that the village has decided to hold another meeting to not allow foreigners to come and live in Mawbah as there are many people who are already there.
The closing day of participants was at least six hundred plus male and female dancers.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Road Construction in the State, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that he and officers and staff of NHIDCL have discussed the road construction project from Shillong to Tamabil and it has been approved. The new line to run the Pynursla Bypass under Package-3
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has appealed to the children who have reached the age of 15 years and above to come to the hospital to get vaccinated. 19 has started and it will be safe only if they take the Tikka and there will be no other protection.
Besides the lack of roads, the residents are also facing problems in many areas, as many of the villages in the area do not have electricity, schools and others, because of the schools. The school up to class 10 is only in Umtyrnga.
The NLCN was established in 2022 but has started recruiting members in the past two months.
He said that the most important thing to do is to replace the bearings which has already been sent to the bearing company to deliver.
He said that Bah Kyrmen is a man who loves sports, but he has not been able to promote sports or even the sports grounds which are not enough.
Judges of the High Court of Meghalaya, officers, army chiefs, state police and family members of the Justice were also present to witness the swearing-in ceremony.
Block I and Block II are almost parallel to the Civil Sub Divisions, due to the large area.
Many of the Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs are not even 50 years old.
The light outage, which is in conflict with the schedule announced by the government, has caused a lot of darkness to the people in the area.
She also informed that there will be a curfew on the village roads from 8 pm until the cleanliness is completed so that it will not cause any injury to the people who took part in the cleanliness drive.
The AFC U-23 Championship will start in early
The Bishop said that the Diocese of Jowai will hand over 10,000 masks for distribution to those in need to protect themselves from Corona Covid
Besides the delay in receiving the Admit Cards for the CUET examination, the parents of the students said that through these problems and incidents, The reason for the lack of improvement in the examination writing methods of the youth.
Sister Julia N Majaw graduated with a PhD in Educational Psychology in 1982 from Jawaharlal Nehru University and in 1986 was appointed as the State Coordinator of Dadengiri Garo Hills. to implement the biogas scheme in Meghalaya.
Shillong: The Quallapaty Dorbar Shnong today distributed assistance to about 100 people from the village as part of the lockdown. throughout India.
This victory has strengthened the team to the highest position in Pool A. Furthermore, the team has completed the group stage with They have not been defeated once, winning three games and drawing one goal.
The toilet has been handed over by the PWD department. The toilet is two floors and one is an IWC, one is an EWC. There were 2 men's bathrooms on the ground floor.
Swami Avdheshanand, the head of the Juna Akhada, today concluded the Kumbh festival at Haridwar in Uttarakhand.
At the same time, Shillong received only 5.2 mm of rainfall while Umiam received 18.7 mm.
Last year, the Civic Body released a list of 514 houses that have collapsed in the city, of which many have appeared on the list this year as well.
Speaking at the Babu Hajom Kissor Sing Memorial Lecture at the Soso Tham Auditorium, the Minister said that this is a major contribution to the strengthening and preservation of the Khasi and Garo languages. culture.
“We will try again and try to win.
There is no airport or national highway to connect to Tura.
The Vice-President also urged the youth to be proud of India's achievements.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Minister of General Administration Department, Rakkam A. Sangma expressed his gratitude to the soldiers who lost their lives to defend their country. also to retired soldiers who have given service in various fields for their country.
Speaking to reporters in Nongpoh, it is understood that the reason for the anger of these HANM leaders was after the recent meeting between the HANM leaders and Bah Prestone Tynsong, in which u Prestone Tynsong said the government will launch the open tender in November this year. 2021, but as of today, the residents have not seen any sign of the construction of this road.
The ED team investigated thoroughly regarding the presence of earning ill-gotten wealth.
He said that if the UDP comes to power, it will change the working methods of the Council to prevent foreigners from stealing the food of the Khasi people.
He said that this is no longer the era of just completing matriculation, but it is an era in which young people should have the desire to complete graduate.
He also urged the company to expedite the work and to work according to the rules and regulations laid down by the government, so that there will be no problems in the future.
KSU Lapangap unit on Thursday met with the Chief Forest Officer of JHADC regarding the slasha garden of the JHADC Forest Department which has been implemented since 2006-2
Police today fired lathi bombs and shot lyer sat and spray water to prevent hundreds of farmers from turning to the helicopter landing site in Kaimla. And Danger.
Shillong: East Khasi Hills District FC on Tuesday defeated East Jaintia Hills District by 182 runs in the Inter District U-23 Men's Zone 2 tournament held in collaboration with Ri Bhoi District. The Cricket Association (Cricket Association) today held a tournament at the Umbuda Stadium, Nongpoh.
The Circle Mawlai also reminds that as they have been calling for the past four months “NO ILP, NO REST” especially the physical and spiritual support of our fellow citizens through the public meeting at Student Square on the 30th of November I would also like to tell the leaders that the word ILP 'let it live in us 13 parties' said the statement.
He said that the price of vehicles is not appropriate these days, because the price of vehicles has become very expensive.
According to Bah Samuel Nongmalieh, Rangbah Shnong of Lumkya, the fire broke out at 1 pm last night. The fire has reached more than 2 lakh rupees.
He said the motion was taken on October 22, 2017 and submitted to the Privilege Committee on October 24,
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, while presenting the proposal to extend the days of the dorbar, on the day of the five-day Lyiur Legislative Assembly, said that Legislative Assembly only three days that it is a violation of the right to democracy.
These things are not far away now, they are very near.
She said that she has participated many times in Guwahati and in the State.
Payeng, the former Information Commissioner of Arunachal Pradesh, has been appointed to look after the North East region in order to strengthen the new party in the country.
Hundreds of idols were immersed in the Polo Pond along with ksing, dhah and musical instruments.
These days one of the diseases that has affected mankind is diabetes and this is the mother of many diseases from this disease many other diseases can stay in the body of man .
This refers to these last days which are now.
Hantilson Majaw joined the District Council Office in 1960 and retired in
We farmers are suffering because every shiton we sell our produce, the farmers are cut 100 kilos, and this 100kg the farmers just give something to the buyer and isn't that a loss? Henry Dkhar, HFU, West Jaintia Hills District, said:
In the first innings, Sikkim scored 59/2 for 160 runs.
There is not even a lyngkdop for tourists to take the symbol home.
When the union came to see with its own eyes on the complaints received from many students, it saw that even the parking lot has been crowded and confused before entering the classrooms. Although the students have been sitting in their classrooms since 3 pm, they have not been able to write the exam.
Shillong, Nailur 1: Police of Lumdiengjri PS have arrested a man named Sunil Prasad, resident of Lower Mawprem, for allegedly driving a car. batbor of a 17-year-old girl.
“The price of good Synsar is T.27 per kilo in Mawsynram, T.32 per kilo in Shillong and T.8 per kilo in Shillong. .
The State Government is preparing to upgrade the 4-lane road from the flyover at Umiam, Ri Bhoi District to the Assam border areas at Malidor, East Jaintia Hills. the jar was already art.
Deadideakeami Mohrmen, Field Coordinator of SURE, explained about SURE and its working methods. It is a project of NABARD that this organization is implementing.
The Government has taken measures to protect the people from being restricted in their income and the Government should provide clarity to the people on what it will do.
“The Chief Secretary, IPS, SP (CID), Meghalaya, Shillong, in her speech said that to eradicate drugs, the police department has started implementing three measures, the first is to The State Police have tried their best to curb the drug trafficking, and others.
As part of the celebration of the 95th Anniversary of India's Azaadi Ki Amrit Mahotsav, a survey was immediately conducted.
At this meeting, the Sengbhalang took part to explain to the village leaders on the laws which they have already sent to the state government on 29th June this year.
The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Shillong Municipal Board, PK Boro and the Executive Engineer, Bah FS Chyne on Tuesday visited Marten to see the situation. unfortunately.
Speaking on his election campaign, Bah Sandondor said, “My election campaign is based on the foundation of the HSPDP. but I tell my people how we can bring about economic development in the constituency such as in the field of education, agriculture and construction.
Bah Lyngdoh, also known as 'Maheh', was the Minister of Home Affairs during the Congress Government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma.
Referring to the collection of revenue from GST, the Chief Minister said that in the 2017-18 fiscal year, only T.500 crore was collected, while in the 2018-2019 fiscal year, T.878 crore was collected. crore and this year 2019-2020 will reach T.1500 crore.
Those who spoke on the occasion also wished Bah PT Sawkmie to return as MLA after the 2023 elections.
Tomorrow's matches will be between Kickt Start Football Coaching Center and Umpling SC at 2:30 pm while Mawkriah West SC will beat Lawei Smit SC at 4:1
It is hoped that through this Dorbar Kur, you will know and hear the intentions of the Kur in serving for the sake of the Kur, to fight as much as possible to avoid bloodshed, to avoid evil. in this age of today.
However, he said it will be a little more difficult as many requirements such as land acquisition have to be met and a public hearing on land acquisition needs to be called.
Deepika Soreng, Annu, Mumtaz Khan and Toppo scored goals from the last quarter of the match. role in helping the team pull out a win from the entire game.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 19: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, on Tuesday said that the District Administration has appointed a Judicial Inquiry to investigate the disappearance of a woman. A newborn baby was shot dead by the rawon who were fishing in Pamphyrngai Lake on Saturday last month.
please note,contact number is not given anywhere.
He said that the construction of the Government Residential School and Teacher Training Center on the border of Byndihati and Umtyrha has started since 2012-2013 and has been completed, but has not been implemented. There is no one to look after or take care of this building and there has been damage from the robbers. public money.
They said that there are 2 Weight Bridges in East Jaintia Hills from Ratacherra to Khliehriat, one in Umtyra and one in Umtyra. Ratacherra, West Khasi Hills from Mawpun to Riangdo have two WBs and this has affected the trucks carrying food items.
Two students from St. Dominic's Higher Secondary School, Wanlamjingshai Lyngdoh and Eisalanki Lamare, received the award with 86.66 per cent.
Sikkim is in second place, Manipur in third place and Bihar in fourth place.
And with the first scoring lead, it gave them the confidence to finish the minutes with about half an hour left.
In a statement sent by the ACHIK, it said that after the introduction of the Roster System by the VPP in the Legislative Assembly, it has been seen that our state which is between the two ethnic groups, the Khasi-Jaintia, has been destroyed. and the Garo, there is a difference of opinion.
“HUDCO is ready to provide funds to the PHE but we have not decided yet because we want to take funds from other departments but this is still under discussion,” he said.
The Syiem and the longsan also took part in the dance at the place where the rituals were performed and the dhulia also took part.
Shillong: Four more people have died of coronavirus in the state, bringing the total number of deaths to
Shillong, Jymmang 15 : The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the party's candidate from West Shillong Constituency, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, while speaking to the people through the media, urged the voters not only for the West Shillong Constituency. but in the state as a whole to elect leaders who have the power and authority to shape the future of the country and the nation who can make laws and regulations to protect the nation.
Nine injured persons have lodged an FIR against 31 residents of Mawlyngbna, including Syiem Pa'iem Amos Malniang and Rangbah Shnong Klining Kharnaior.
There has been a vacancy for a post consultant where only this foreigner has applied, although many Khasi are qualified.
He said that in the last month of April, the BJP has set a target to complete the establishment of offices across the state.
Shillong: Six days after being shot dead, Agnes Kharshiing and Amita Sangma today met and saw each other.
He said that his strike is for the thousands of contract teachers who have been dismissed who are in great distress due to the dismissal of them by the government.
I feel that it doesn't matter, but there are some kinds of speech that should be respected.” “I don't.
The Minister of Disaster Management, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said that the Government through the Disaster Management Department has paid the compensation as part of the assistance to the families who have suffered tragic incidents especially those families who have suffered tragic incidents. lightning strikes in the past few days.
In the Under-16 category, Timing Lyngdoh of Diengshynrum SC won the title of Emerging Player while in the 2nd Division, Rumi Lyngdoh of Diengshynrum SC won the title of Emerging Player. In the 2nd division, Tongseng Youth SSC won the Best Team title and in the 3rd division, TSC Lummyrli won the Best Team title.
At this meeting, the coal traders together with the civil society decided to stand firm to demand their rights.
Through many years, the Nongwah Hima has disappeared, and the Jirang Hima still exists.
(ii) Instead of saying “I bought this clothes/clothes/medicine etc. for 'myself', it was misleading to say 'my own'
He participated in the Vadya Darshan organized by the Sangeet Natak Academy, New Delhi in 2002 and also participated in the second phase of the Thoh Shun International Art Camp 2006 held at Cherrapunjee (Sohra). , East Khasi Hills District, Meghalaya.
Mauricio, who joined the US Army in 2008, was dismissed after three months and could not even complete his training. ju is the hand.
A photograph and video of the singer has been posted on the internet in which it is seen that the singer is Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya and two other leading leaders of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly. Paul Lyngdoh and Dr. Donkupar Roy, Governor of the State.
“I appeal to the candidates to take action for us, to introduce schemes, to raise issues and to direct the officers to investigate on us.
Rev JJM Nichols Roy, said in his writings that because he was deceived and became alone as a citizen, he had no choice but to accept what the Government has changed. Assam.
If the farmland is bad, Mother Nature will not be able to do anything.
“On this basis, the Congress Party, the District Congress Committee, the Block Congress Committee, West Khasi Hills and the Congress Party as a whole, have decided to contest from the INC from the 34th Congress. -Mawshynrut Constituency for Bah Andrew Charles Gare.
“The government should provide accommodation for them and set up adequate testing centers for them as they come from all over the country and to monitor their health,” said Tricky. households from countries and states in the country to ensure that they do not count sting and stay at home to avoid crowded places and to send themselves for treatment to prevent the spread of coronavirus.
He said that in the state, the assistance from the government for the athletes is still very low compared to other states only in the North East like Manipur.
Iran sponsors Hamas in Palestine, the Houthi tribes in Yemen, and Syria.
Shillong, November 1: Unidentified persons have shot dead Bah Plestarwell Lawryniang at Wahumsohpieng in West Khasi Hills District. He was injured and taken to Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment. send care.
Others also expressed their concerns such as the pollution of the market, the shortage of jhur especially during the production of jhur from Meghalaya and the increase in the tax charged by the Hima Mylliem.
Replying to a question by Sohra MLA Titosstarwell Chyne regarding the Meghalaya House in Guwahati, Lyngdoh said the GAD department has not maintained the house every year.
The Railway Department has required 164.9 hectares of public land in 45 villages, which is 20% of the land requirement of 788 hectares for the Project.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Education, Ma Lakmen Rymbui today said that the Cabinet has decided that from now on those who set up schools will receive assistance from the government. they have to meet the standards set by the government.
If it is said that the quarantine facilities do not have toilets, beds, or food and drink, it should be blamed that the government cannot provide.
He said that in fact in 2012 there were only two vacancies for Gram Sevika posts, but 12 women were announced and the government at that time appointed only 2 vacancies. in the DSC examination , and this was done because there were only two jobs.
It is worth mentioning that this meeting of the INC leaders and supporters is one of the parts to prepare and strengthen the party's offices in Mawkyrwat Constituency for the election of the INC. he shall be a member of the Assembly.
The deterioration of the roads has affected the state government especially for the foreigners.
“They are fighting for a well-founded demand and I stand by them.
Other speakers were ADC, Lambormi Suchen, Dasan Warlaitham, Coordinator, Greta Solutions Training Academy, Golden Dkhar Skill incharge, Kiang Nangbah Government College. by Sonjoy Shylla Center Head.
He was arrested from a vehicle (AS-24-D-2838) at Tongseng under Lumshnong Police Station.
“Until now, no MLAs or political parties have supported the renewal of the roster system because they accept the government's introduction of the roster system,” he said.
On the same day, KSU Mawlai Mawiong Umjapung Unit also held a strong programme.
Shillong: U Ma Seibor Lang Shadap, MDC, Sutnga Narwan Constituency, on Tuesday, November 31, 2021 inaugurated the Extension Community Hall of the Dorbar Shnong Sutnga. Seibor through the SAG Scheme 2018-19 at a cost of T.10,00,000 (Shiphew Lak) and received 200 seats from this MDC. MDC Sutnga Hopefull Bamon Co-Chairman Meghalaya State Planning Board, Bankupar Sutnga Village Head Genl.
The Best Goalkeeper was won by Iaiaidryngkat Mylliemngap while the Best Player was won by Baniaisahlang Kharrngi of Iewpomtiah and the top scorer was won by Rangeh. Andrew Mawthoh scored 9 goals.
TMC Leader Dr. Mukul Sangma has expressed his dissatisfaction with the idea of ​​a Khasi or Garo as Prime Minister, and said that no matter who it is, there should be no problem. In the past, there have been Chief Ministers who have passed away like BB Lyngdoh, EK Mawlong and Captain WA Sangma.
Hepstarly Lyngkhoi won the title in the men's category in 33:03.52 min while in the women's category, Lyntijingkyrmen K.Jahrin won the title. finished in 43:32.04 min.
The ATM is requested to be collected from the Police Traffic Branch, Jowai.
Many people feel that these authorities have taken away all these things from this state without giving us anything back.
Speaking at the meeting, the Congress leaders and Bah Vincent Pala expressed their desire to bring about positive change in the constituency and also in the constituency. The party leaders also hope that the Congress candidate will reach the goal and come to power as the Chief Minister of the state. sha you thong in this election.
The Seng also expresses its condolences especially to the children, relatives, friends and loved ones of Kong Rose Mary Mawlong, on the loss of her by the murder of the enemy. .
Not only that, there are other places like Umsning By-pas, Sumer and others which have been covered with snow.
“Being from the north-east and coming back home is really very special," the young Redeem said adding “I already mentioned when I left the club in The year 2020 will always be in my heart.
Shillong, November 4: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) has clarified that Bah Omet Phanbuh, alias Cris, is a member of the HNLC who was released six months ago due to illness. Sainku Par Nongtraw Publicity Secretary said that the member was released due to the condolences and request of the relatives.
The meeting directed the wholesaler and dealers to follow the directives of DC Nongstoin, (1) That the wholesaler should deliver the ration to all the centres, (2) that the dealers should not reduce the amount of ration. (3) AAY rice should be distributed 35kg per card at the price of Rs.3/- per kg, PHH rice 5 kg per person at the price of Rs.3/ - per kg and the new price of NON-NFSA rice is Rs.13/- per kg.
Carius Pohtam (OG) scored the first goal for Lakadong Umlatdoh in the 64th minute and Seibor Pohtam (7') for Iatyllilang Hungary.
On the other hand, the family members of the deceased have condemned the police for taking sting and despite their duties.
According to the target, the program will benefit 76.7 percent of the rural population and 63 percent of the urban population, he said.
Shillong, July 30: The Khasi Jaintia National Union (KJNU) Sengkmie has demanded that Shillong MP Ma Vincent should apologize for his allegations against Tit groups. Niman N Shadap said that the MP should apologize for his remarks and should also explain who those Tit parties are and if he cannot explain, he said that he is the one who is the party. Mushroom.
The union, therefore, urges the management of the department to set up the Feed Mill in the same place and to improve the working methods in the same place. If the authorities of the department take them to another place, the union will not hesitate to take stronger measures.
Shillong, Naitung 30 : To witness the celebration of the fourth anniversary of the National Education Policy 2020, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has inaugurated the Akhil Bharatiya Shisha Samagam at Bharat Madapam, Praggati Maidan. in the city of Delhi.
Now, after the rainfall and snowstorm has stopped in the state, it is expected that the State will take measures to provide adequate drinking water to all the residents.
Because it is not right to be too selfish for what is good.
He said that according to the PAB report, the total allocation of T.14,18,64,000 (1418.64 lakh) has been released to the Meghalaya government.
Good teacher, good teacherThank you for the work you have done for me.
On the 8th of this month, the residents of Narpuh area under the leadership of the Waheh Shnong and KSU Narpuh Circle, have staged a seven hour road blockade as a sign of their anger. They also blocked the NHAI Toll Gate Plaza at Lumshnong and the NHAI Toll Gate Plaza in Lumshnong. The NHAI toll gate has been closed for almost two months now. The voice of the people has come out and said that the toll gate should not be opened if the government and the NHAI do not. repair the road well.
Jowai, Lber 13: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills District, today announced that the ration for the NFSA (AAY & PHH) and Non-NFSA for the month of October, 2023 has been distributed. The release will be released to all wholesalers for delivery to all ration shops from the 13th to the 17th of this month.
For more information please contact the office or phone – 9485358870/9
Those two Judges were not involved in the hearing of the case to be appealed.
Passah said that the mawbynna was erected by the District Council and KHNAM has informed the CEM of KHADC about the incident.
Commander Shangpliang said that the party did not distribute the certificates of the members who were elected to the Farmers Parliament.
Leaders of three political parties, including the KSU, FKJGP and RBYF, have rushed to the scene to seek clarification from the authorities in charge of the toll plaza.
M.Pariong, Executive Member (Female), S.Myrthong-Executive Member (Female), S.Marshiring-Executive Member (Female), Kong W.Diengdoh-Executive Member (Female), Kong L.Ryntathiang -Executive Member(Female), Kong I.Lyngdoh-Executive Member(Female), Kong R.Myrthong-Executive Member(Female), Kong C.Kharsati-Executive Member(Female), Kong K.Marwein -Executive Member(Female) , Kong S.Nongsiej-Executive Member(Female), Kong H.NOngsiej -Executive Member (Female), Kong K.Myr thong-Executive Member (Female),Kong M.Kharumnuid-Executive Member(Female), Kong K.Kharumnuid -Executive Member(Female, Kong L.Nonglait-Executive Member (Female),.
DMC-SSA West Jaintia Hills and Block Mission Coordinators, SSA including Amlarem, Laskeiñ and Thadlaskein Block.
Before the start of the tournament, KSU Mawlai Circle played a friendly against KSU Mawlai Nongkwar Unit in which KSU Mawlai Circle won the title with 2 goats. .
This month represents the last 7 years of Daniel's 70 months.
The true cause will be revealed once we have completed our investigation,” said Dr MGR Kumar, Superintendent of Police (SP) West Garo Hills.
The Mawkyrwat Sports Association (MSA) has also sent a petition to the Minister in charge of Sports of Meghalaya to inform and show about the damage to the Mawkyrwat Indoor Hall. that he may take action and do what is necessary in the future.
She said that the Expert Committee will clarify thousands of questions related to this issue.
Shillong: Sohiong MLA Samlin Malngiang, who is also the Minister of State, on Tuesday said that it was Ardent Basaiawmoit who sent two HSPDP MLAs, himself and Renikton, to the meeting. Samlin said that Ardent when he was President of the HSPDP had ordered them to join hands because they had been working with the UDP since the elections.
He urged the leaders of the Mawkynrew Cup Committee to continue to hold the Mawkynrew Cup in the coming years and on his part, he will be present to promote sports in the country. Mawkynrew area and the State as a whole.
Acknowledging that North Shillong or Mawkhar is the heart of Ri Khasi, Bah Adelbert said that as a leader he has brought many issues in the House and one of these issues has been The extension of the age of appointment.
Jhanika Siangshai, President of the Mahila Congress Pradesh Committee, Shimika Sungoh, Vice President, Jenita Mukhim, Assistant General Secretary, Daman Swer and Shiphew. The members of the Executive Committee include Thailand Rymbai, Riakorki Sungoh, Shilainkini Siangshai, Sunday Siangshai, Sophilari Dkhar, Ridahun Dkhar, Dayoolang Lyngdoh, Assesful Lyngdoh, Glorify Suchiang and Iokidabiang Langshai.
On the other hand, Patton said that the state government has also taken significant steps to provide assistance to those students who have the goal of contesting the UPSC and NPSC examinations. He urged the students to persevere in their studies and to avoid illegal activities which could cause problems in their lives.
Enterprise : means to invest money to start a business.
The Bihar U-19 cricket team reached the final of the Cooch Behar Trophy in the 1999-2000 season where Dhoni scored 84 runs and helped Bihar to score 357 runs.
The second semi final will be played at the PA Sangma Stadium with the chief guest being Tura MP Smti Agatha K Sangma.
The Minister said that it will take another 2 or 3 months to form the Committee and appoint the Chairperson and we feel that this meeting of ours was a success,” said Bah Ardent.
What is good and right will remain good and right even if we all do not accept and reject it.
I also have sent my son; but I don't know how to do it... Rida will tell you.
Therefore, our people should not misunderstand,” said the Congress Leader.
The order stipulates that vehicles leaving their pickup points shall be parked at the designated parking lots and shall proceed to the unloading points at 10 pm.
After being informed of their disappearance, the Sohra Police Station under the leadership of Kong Vandana Diengdoh, rushed to the scene to search for them.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The residents of Rangshken village in Sohiong constituency have to sell their goats and cows just to pay the MeECL electricity bill which has been increasing from time to time.
Laitkor have scored 12 points from four games and scored 35 goals, and have not scored a single goal in Group-A. .
“Good people changing to betray" Any party may have rules to ban or ban its members. Members for its own political interests.
He said that the MIIS receives about three applications per day.
This rush of the drivers and churchgoers who did not say anything to the drivers was a rude and violation of the traffic rules which also affected the vehicles coming from the other party who may not be chronically ill.
However, he was taken back to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh and died this morning.
The EPFO ​​will deposit money into the accounts of Aadhaar members through digital transactions.
It is understood that for Nongkrem constituency, the leading Congress candidates will be Prestone and Lapang, for Sohiong and West Khasi Hills, HDR Lyngdoh and others including the Chief Minister.
“It is the government to take responsibility how to fight against these problems because even though there is no signboard, they are still increasing but as it is, the government should empower the village authorities. “I urge them to take strong action against these BSF and Bangladeshis who harass our fellow citizens,” said Melajied.
“We have agreed to cooperate and support this first Tama in India.
Replying to a question, the Ministry of Education said that according to the release of funds through the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) in the year 21-22, Rs 52.78 crore was released. as the second payment on 31st October 2022.
Furthermore, government officials who are still holding government positions and who intend to stand for election undoubtedly misuse their power or position to persuade or deceive people to support or assist them in elections.
We also discussed the railway issue, which some people don't understand. Bahdeng also feels that there is no intention to bring railway to our small country, especially if it will go against the ILP. , Marriage Bill introduced by Bahdeng as CEM in 2006, which is still strong, although the intention is right, to reduce and prevent divorce at will, I have written in Ingdorbar, I don't know what to do.
Expressing the same view, the Principal of St Edmund's College, Dr Sylvanus Lamare, said that he has seen that the youth in this area have a desire to read.
Category 2: Governance & Management of Schools.
According to the RTI, we found that his factory called Northeast Carbon Industries should have been located in Mynska village, but he came back to our district.
In the days to come, this discussion will help us all.
“We should not take political issues in this regard, because it is a very serious and long-standing issue that the state itself is facing difficulties in finding ways and means to complete it. This work has been going on for more than 50 years”.
However, shortly after this, the Government of Bah Mawlong also collapsed in December 2001, on the charges of corruption by the PRAC group that Bah Mawlong was involved in corruption in the construction of the Meghalaya House in Calcutta. The investigation into this allegation, which was appointed by the new Chief Minister, Bah DD Lapang, under the judge of the Gauhati High Court, Mr Rajkhowa, has not found any truth. on this charge.
“In the states where it is more difficult to travel like Meghalaya, we have to have other options.
It is the first time to announce to the world the journey of fish farmers from the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
So, I'll buy some food and I'll eat the bih khla.
This mother is known as Spelity Lyngdoh Langrin. Under the teaching of this mother, nine of her children and grandchildren will continue the path she has been taught to fight against uranium.
Unfortunately, the State Government has not renewed the competent authority for a long time.
Kynshi: The Mairang Civil Sub Division has been upgraded to a district.
She also discussed the symptoms of Drug Sensitive Tuberculosis (DSTB) and Multi-Drug Resistance Tuberculosis (DSTB). MDRTB).
The certificate was presented by Bah Disparsing Rani who asked through the Public Information Act, why the certificate has been delayed from the Municipal, when it is clear that only one day can be completed. .
According to a statement from the Minister's Office, the principal of the college and the superintendent of the hostel (where the students are staying) have been ordered to take leave. temporarily until the committee has completed its collections and until the state government has reviewed the report.
Jowai, Jymmang 02: The State Government through the Labor Department today celebrated the Labor Day in the State as it has been celebrated in the world. The theme of the day is “Health and Safety at Work”.
The KSU Sonapyrdi Unit also requests the DC of East Jaintia Hills District (EJHD) to complete an independent investigation, which has been demanded by the KSU in writing for more than four months.
The Chairman visited the place where the six contractors from Assam died.
The NPP also alleged that the Congress government, led by Mukul Sangma, has faced many curfews and threats, but now it has been able to travel to and from the country. throughout the Khasi Jaintia and Garo Hills, without the need for police patrols.
Police said Samir had been living in the house since June 2020 and Samir's body was found by a guard of the house.
According to sources, the vehicle was a Bolero Pick Up (ML 05-6900) which was coming from Shillong. Kynshi collided with an oncoming truck.
He is a man who has a vision for the welfare of society.
“I don't have any meeting,” said Bah Ronnie.
In Pakistan, 694 new cases have been reported, bringing the total number of cases to 20,884 and 476 deaths.
So far, the candidates who have nominated their names for the Shillong seat are VPP candidate Dr. Ricky J. Syngkon, NPP candidate Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh and RDA candidate Robert June Kharjahrin.
The people of Ri-Bhoi should be vigilant and watch out for the sale of land to foreigners especially to brokers or agents, said Bah Jeffrey Pathaw in a statement.
“We can no longer tolerate the corruption of this government and the violence against the youth, the traders, the farmers, the poor and also the traders,” he said.
These are the words that Jesus spoke on the day he entered Jerusalem as king.
Schools, teachers and parents should take care of the education and future of the students.
If anyone does not receive Umphniang Sharak or if there is too much price, they can complain to the S.D.O.(Supply) office by writing their name and village so that they can be punished. .
Those who do not feel freedom of expression have internal problems and also cause a sense of shame in society.
He also demanded that the government should suspend him temporarily while the investigation is ongoing so that the investigation will be free of any bias.
Besides the awarding ceremony, there was also a special ceremony for Dr. Pohsnem, Medical and Health Officer DMHO, In Charge Nartiang PHC, Dr. H. Uriah, Medical & Health Officer DMHO, West Jaintia Hills and one Lab Technician.
On the 1st November 2018, the new Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Nongkwar was elected.
In his speech, he urged the youth to continue to do their job well to be the Protectors, Sustainers and Fighters so that the future generations can be happy in the society.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP), while expressing its gratitude to the people for their support to the party and their desire to strengthen the creation of Whatsapp Groups, has requested them to end such groups. 'group' is not created.
“On July 23, 2016, we submitted a petition to the Prime Minister through the Minister of Urban Affairs regarding the issue of land vendors and the violations of the Meghalaya Street Vendors Act. Vending) Act, 2014′′, said Rangad and added that in the meeting with Ampareen Lyngdoh, she confirmed to look into the issues raised by the vendors.
In other Eastern European languages, there is no similarity with English.
How the suspension will affect: The first impact will be on the Under-17 Women's World Cup, and it is not known whether India will be able to participate if it is held in other countries.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Shnongpdeng Unit on 30th October 2019 has donated tins of household items to some of the poor people in the village. in the middle village.
If a hospital has been accredited by NABH, it is considered to be a good health facility and is recognized worldwide.
Meghalaya is the only state exempt from this due to the sudden increase in cases in one jail in Ri Bhoi District, he added.
Meanwhile, other sources said that after 48 hours, on Tuesday, the KSU leaders will announce their route of action through the media.
In the second half, Wasa scored three more goals through Sanjini Dkhar (78), Nikhil Dkhar (73) and Jeles Suting (86).
Therefore, the income of Meghalaya in this regard is still very low and has not been able to contribute much to the income of the state.
On 17.5.2023, the DCs and SPs of West Karbi Anglong and West Jaintia Hills Districts met again at Khanduli village to bring peace and order but this time too they failed.
In addition, public rallies will be held as a way to show their condolences to those affected by the bloodshed and these rallies are aimed at raising awareness among the public about the incident. and also to demonstrate that the Church provides support for peace, justice and an end to conflict.
The incident occurred last night in the country, which has been plagued by violence and violence.
Shillong, Naitung, 31: The third phase of the protest by various political parties in Willamnagar has come to an end on the 29th of this month.
Others who attended the meeting included UDP Youth President Kyrmen Shylla, MLA Nujorki Sungpoh, UDP Advisor Bindo Lanong, UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh, MLA. former JHADC MP Embhah Syiemlieh, JHADC Deputy Chief Executive Member Lasky Rymbai, UDP Vice President Allantry Dkhar and others.
The college is located on an area of ​​7.8 acres and is also located on the grounds of Shillong Polytechnic which has an area of ​​16.11 acres at Mawlai Kynton Massar.
Nowadays, the longdien don't know how to cut even the shang or the kriah.
Members and volunteers of KHNAM have shouted, 'Without ILP, we will not rest'
