As you know water is life, so we are pleased to inform you that our efforts to persuade the central government to include the census towns have been successful and now these villages will benefit from this project. " he said.
The fire broke out at around 11 PM and destroyed all the belongings inside the Rabon Store owned by Fatima Rabon and Bikas Langbang.
The body of the man, who hanged himself inside the door of the residence, was first found by some people who later informed the police. When they arrived at the scene, along with the family members, they took the man away from the scene, where he committed suicide.
According to Bah Suchen, the government is quick to pass the Arms Amendment Bill, 2015 but the incident at Mookhep has been going on for more than a year without any action. .
The main issue is how the land is used and not who owns it.
May 20, 2021God bless you bah for giving us your thoughts and understanding about this special day very useful to read these benefits thank you very much I know you I believe you God bless you. Amen.
He said that the incident was not considered as a high-risk pregnancy or a high-risk pregnancy after receiving information from the ANML. three days before the birth of the baby and sent an ASHA to meet her.
The Meghalaya Rural Bank, Iooksi Branch has been ordered to close from 8th to 11th November after one of the bank employees tested positive for COVID-1
Doctors who are experts in this field have been deployed to provide information and explain to the public regarding vaccination to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Referring to the reservation policy for more than 50 years, the Congress MLA said that the old policy should be reviewed every 10 years.
Speaking on the occasion, James PK Sangma praised the hard work and dedication of the doctors and staff of the Civil Hospital to improve the services of the hospital in treating the patients even among the many problems.
Mukesh Singh, Pawan Gupta, Vinay Sharma and Akshay Kumar Singh were the four men who raped the girl on November 16, 2012 and she died while undergoing treatment. of these four men.
He said that the letter to remove them has been sent to at least two strong files including to the Deputy Commissioner, Urban Development Minister, Chief Secretary, Prime Minister and also to the MLA. region.
“You play football as much as you want but you don't have to stop studying.
Sanbor said that about T.5 crore has been allocated for the construction of roads under the Urban Smart City 2022-2023 scheme.
It is not easy for a woman to raise children alone.
“For Tura, we have already made arrangements and we will announce it soon,” said the former Chief Minister.
Nongpoh, July 16: Thousands of youths of the Catholic Church in Zone-VI of the Shillong Archdiocese on Sunday flocked to Lumsinai Umden Parish to witness the closing ceremony of the The annual youth meeting is held to bring together the youth to do the work of God and also for the community.
Anyone who violates this order will be punished according to the provisions of the Act.
There were conflicts in the villages, there were fights against each other and thus there was no peace and order in the villages.
Members of the organization have also set up a Help Desk to fill out their forms to exchange money while other members go around the line to distribute water.
On Friday, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah met with four civil society organizations including the HYC, ENJC, JSM, HANM and CORP to discuss outstanding issues such as the ILP and the introduction of the Khasi and Garo languages. in the Fifth Chapter.
“The BJP MLA from Shillong South, who is also the Minister of State, Bah Sanbor Shullai, said that after the attempt to conduct the examination in other states, many people they called to express their opposition.
He (Symbud Myntri Rangbah) promised that this demand has been taken into consideration by the relevant department and the Government will do its best to release the salaries of SSA teachers before Christmas.
He said that the existence of KAS has contributed greatly to the development of the Khasi language.
After receiving a tip on the presence of smugglers of gold through the India-Bangladesh border areas in Meghalaya, the Commissioners of Customs Preventive (CCP) Shillong have arrested a gold smuggler. An XUV 500 vehicle was seized from Jhalupura, Shillong on Saturday morning and foreign gold worth T.1 crore was seized.
They also said that if it is true that the Syiem has reasons for wrongdoing, the four Lyngdohs who are the electors of the Hima should be called to vote for him. The people were shocked and said that they cannot accept this person who has been appointed by the KHADC to rule the Hima.
The Opposition Leader said that all these documents and documents are with the government and when speaking it should speak according to the documents which the Meghalaya government has already issued to Assam and Meghalaya. discussion must be accepted by the people of the state.
On 3rd June, the district authorities sealed 12 houses including the house of Narayan Prasad Jhunjhunwala (Police Bazaar), Nilesh Tibrewalla (Thana Road), Satyabrato Baidya (Jail Road), Ajit Das Gupta (Jail). Road), Bidur Das (Jail Road), Uday N Shukla (Oakland Road), Rajkumari Sinha (Bivar Road), Mentok Ri-Project Pvt.
“We don't have anything to do with it or we don't send Bah Shylla to investigate but it is his own wish,” he said.
Nine political parties including the FKJGP, MPUF, JSM, HANM, EJNC, HYC, KSU, JNC and KSU have strongly condemned the SP of EJH for the arrest of these four MPUF members. “We will not allow anything, it is not the political parties that rule our district, this SP since he came to our district has worked hard to curb drug trafficking and drug sales. -ain, are these 9 organizations blind?” asked one of the elders from Khliehriat.
Today, the BDOs visited the affected villages to inspect the houses damaged by the cold.
They protested because the bank has not been able to provide cash to the people and because it has issued only 2000 notes and many of them have not received as they wanted.
In the U-14 match between Umpohliewjingtip HSS and Lwmei SS, Umpohliewjingtip School beat Lawmei 5-0 with goals scored by Protect Kurbah in the 9th, 21st and 57th minutes, Iohbor Lyngdoh in the 50th minute and Marchborn in the 56th minute.
Enlang said that the union hopes that in these days, the department will be able to deliver books from English, Science and Maths to all the students as well as to the school.
This is a project of MRDS.
On the other hand, the Commissioner & Secretary in charge of Revenue and Disaster Management, Sanjay Goyal on 10th June, convened a working meeting on the preparedness of the State for the coming monsoon.
Monycable Marbaniang scored 20 runs from 34 balls.
Talks to make a film about One Direction have been going on in recent months and the members of the group have also wanted some prominent actors to act and take parts.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, July 16, 2013, the relatives of Kong Stefani, Bakha and the owner of the house, said that Amanda Lyngdoh Nonglait said that the reason why they suspect her husband is because he changed his words when he found the body of her husband. He told the police when he arrived at the Crime Branch.
Chairman JHADC Lakhon Biam adjourned the dorbar for the second session.
The objectives of the JCDC are:1
If the PWD awards contracts to private contractors, their work is too easy to complete and they do too much work. Kim has only one season.
Through this Labor License inspection, the FKJGP leaders found that there are many foreigners who have come to work without providing the necessary documents. They have given them 10 months to submit their documents, otherwise it means that the union will take the necessary action or to arrest these foreign workers who have come to work in the state without proper documentation.
According to information received, these arrested persons had planned to blow up a bomb in Nongpoh.
Haphilin said that the ASHAs in the state who have more than 6000 employees can no longer work voluntarily because as the days go by, their work has become more difficult. They have to submit monthly reports of T.1000 per month, and if they cannot submit them, they don't receive even T.1
Speaking as the chief guest at the meeting, CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said that after he came to take over as CEM of KHADC, he found that there are many Hima which have not yet received a Syiem. and the affairs of the kingdom were carried out by the Acting Syiems.
The Police Department has urged the students and parents to think carefully against these fraudulent activities.
He said that there are still many families in need of food and he hopes that God will open the way for him to donate assistance while he gets something to these other poor families.
U A.Andrew Shullai MDC Jowai Central
Labyntalang Nongphlang (69) and Willjohn Kyrsien (78) scored the best goals.
In the email, they said that they want to get a reply whether it is true or not, and on the other hand, Rs of Panaliar said that they have already received a reply via email, but the The fire house was silent and later called their manager via mobile but he said that there are too many places where they have to perform in the US and they will inform after they have time.
They refused to leave the Secretariat until they received the letter written by Biren Singh to the Governor to resign from the post of Prime Minister.
In the men's doubles, Sumeeth Reddy and Kapoor lost 15-21, 20-22 to Malaysia's Boon Xin Yuan-Wong Tien Ci while Ponnappa and Tanisha Crasto lost 15-2 China's Du Yue and Xia Yu Ting won 19-21, 15-2
When they arrived at the scene, the Air Force called Bah Ardent to their camp for talks and it was after that Bah Ardent, refused to enter their camp. , therefore, they closed the gate until the arrival of the Wing Commander of the Indian Air Force from 9 miles and the talks came to a peaceful conclusion, after they promised to stop the border crossing.
One of the houses destroyed by the storm was the house of Engina Nongpluh and the other was the house of Istina Nongpluh.
Police have seized 4 grams of heroin worth T.12,0
Lamare SC scored two more goals in the 35th minute through Dajied Wanshong and Donlad Diengdoh in the 36th minute.
The 8th Nongkrem Constituency has received information that schemes worth Rs.1,12,00,000.00 have been introduced in the 8th Nongkrem Constituency. The CEM should provide the remaining T.1,88,00,000.00 to Rs.3,00,00,000.00 as allocated to all the constituencies.
Shillong: Bihar beat Meghalaya by 270 runs in the first match of the U-23 Col CK Nayudu Trophy at the Polo Stadium in Shillong.
The program was organized by the office of the SDPO (Sohra) under the leadership of Bah Ian Onel Swer in collaboration with the students of the Bar Association of Shillong Law College and the village. To be sold.
After receiving many complaints from the public that the smuggling of timber outside the state has increased the price of timber in the state and this has caused problems to the poor to build houses.
The police have not received the authority from the Magistrates, without the authority from the SPs.
“Despite the growth of the Christians and the many challenges they face, I bless them to complete the new church for the needs of the Christians in a timely manner.
Shibun said the belief of the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma that there is development in the state, he should explain to the people what such development is.
The Mawkyrwat MLA said that this is the right time because there is still a way for the central government to bring about the amendment of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
NEEPCO will implement its authority delegated by the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission to regulate the supply of electricity to MePDCL from 20th October 2021 until MePDCL will pay the amount within 45 days.
“I am surprised that the Government has not released the investigation report (on the shooting) and I think there will be some findings of Justice Vaiphei.
These officials from Yats Corporation, one of the largest companies in Japan, visited the forests and trees of Seiñduli.
Your outstanding contribution to the field of reading, writing and music has been announced by the synrop of talented artists who wish to honor you with the Khusnam Kynsai Kordor
At present, the water tanks around the city of Jowai have been filled with water pipes which have covered the drains and which has also disrupted the traffic of the people.
Speaking to reporters, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said, “It is necessary to know that this is one of the issues that has been discussed and that the Commission should not be appointed in the Ministry of Education. to look after and resolve all the problems within the department.
Therefore, if this fire has turned into fire, it means that the world has been destroyed.
The union has complained that the creation of banknotes and coins these days, makes it difficult for the blind people to understand and know the shapes of their trees and to distinguish between them. another.
Prestone Tynsong said the government through the district authorities and the state health department have set up more than 7000 COVID Communities to monitor and monitor those who have returned from other states. in India.
But to them they say that I am not and that he is better.
While the father was speaking, the boy cried out.
U Bah HL Nongsiang who was shaking hands with the MLA of Mawshynrut after he and his group rejoined the NPP. In the presence of General Secretary of the NPP State Unit, Setsing Dkhar, MLA Gigiur Marthong, Alfred Kharbani, Vice President of the NPP State Unit, Alfred Kharbani and others. thousands of ardent supporters of the party.
News 18 reported that the information was collected from the newspaper of the United Nurses Association, which is the largest union in Delhi, and the Sir Gangaram Hospital, in Delhi. There are 313 cases in the hospital.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah BJ Kharshandi said that the scheme is a scheme of the Central Government funded by the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) and the scheme will also be implemented to provide training to the victims. Several youths have been selected from different villages to provide training on how to act during natural disasters to reduce the death toll. to serve as frontline assistants.
To operate by pass roads during school hours and school hours in Jowai to avoid traffic jam.
The deceased was tested positive for Covid-19 at 5.39 pm and confirmed positive for Covid-19, said a statement from the DHS (MI).
The expenses for the awarding ceremony were paid by the MLA from his 10 month salary.
The Deputy Commissioner has directed the FPS dealers to collect the permits from the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) and distribute them by 10th June 2024 without fail using e-pos. car (online).
During the celebration, members of the VHP held a march around Shillong and many villages and places where they passed chanted 'Jai Shri Ram'
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, on Thursday said that the ANTF together with police from Rynjah and Laitumkhrah police stations, have arrested two drug traffickers, Eldikinstar Sohtun and T. James Seiminthang on July 15, 2013 in Nongshiliang.
Shillong, July 31 : The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) under the leadership of its President, Bah Hamletson Dohling, former Mylliem MLA and former Government Minister, has expressed its deep gratitude and appreciation to the football team. The 2024 Khelo India Youth Games in Tamil Nadu will be held in Tamil Nadu.
I used to be an orthodox Christian, but now we have to be diplomatic or fight with strategy.
“The KSU and AASU have always supported each other especially in relation to the Anti-Foreigners' Movement in both the states,” said the statement.
On the other hand, these participants said that the distribution of the forms by the Enforcement Wing of KHADC on 30th March 2019, has caused a misunderstanding and the There was a quarrel among those who sat in the street.
The Khasi Mandarin are grown under the Mission Organic Value Chain Development (MOVCDNER), which is a mission under the National Mission for Sustainable Agriculture (NMSA).
:The new Khasi song, “You are the right man”, is produced by Basuklin Ryntathiang.
Isn't all this a desire for power, isn't it true that almost all of us desire power but isn't there a limit to all these things?
He said that the former EC has set up a special committee on this issue headed by Bah Pynïaid S Syiem as MDC. The Dorbar of the Hima Mylliem has not received any complaint against the kilo.
Shillong: UDP MLA from Mookaïaw, Bah Nujorki Sungoh, on Tuesday expressed his concern over the emergence of a new rebel group in Block-I known as the United People's Front of Karbi Longri (UPFKL). ), in which he said that the purpose of this new group is to intimidate the Khasi-Pnar people living in Block-I and to demand money from the residents on the border of West Jaintia Hills. and West Karbi Anglong.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, Dr Mukul said that on Tuesday he may leave for Delhi, where he will try to resolve these issues within the party and the party. He said that to resolve the issues requires cooperation, he expressed the hope that all have rules that can resolve the issues and will be able to resolve them. and if these can be resolved, they will all end within the party.
The dead body of all living things is something that fertilizes the earth.
He said the reason is also due to the heavy rainfall in the past few days.
These mentioned above are young men who have grown up in the world.
Furthermore, thousands of seating and rest areas, restaurants and especially many shops have been set up where many kinds of Khasi products have been displayed for purchase. For the convenience of the visitors, more beautiful outdoor areas have been set aside to encourage the visitors.
“It is better for the government to establish a North Division in Jowai which includes all the divisions to make it easier for the people to complete any work.
Various Village Authorities including Rangbah Shnongs, Secretaries, Rangbah Dongs, Officer Bearers and Executive Members of the Dorbar Shnongs have attended the meeting. roi that about.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 8: The District Medical and Health Officer (DMHO) on Monday held a program at the Conference Hall of the DMHO Office for the implementation of the vaccination program in the district. This is known as the Intensified Mission Indradhanush
Jowai, Naitung 5: U MLA of 2-Jowai Constituency Wailadmiki Shylla today distributed the Special Rural Works Program (SRWP) for the year 2019-2020 to 406 beneficiaries in Jowai. The meeting was held at Thadlaboh Community Hall.
Prestone said that if not necessary, they should not go to Ribhoi or come up and walk to Shillong.
Speaking on the petition submitted by the Nongkdait-Nongtwah IVCS through the Secretary of the VLF, Pynshngaiñlang Syiemlieh, on the other hand, Pius Marweiñ said that he cannot promise whether he will help or not. part, but he puts only one sentence saying, "I'm going to try to develop solutions on this request because my time is also running out".
The request of the vendors to report comes after the municipal department said that all the vendors will leave on the first day to stay temporarily on top of the building. so that it is against Motphran.
“Discussions have just started with the two agencies and we expect this work to be completed soon,” he said, adding that the PPP mode is important for the Medical College. “If the Government doesn't fund, there will be some seats but at the end of the day, the management of the Medical College is important. What needs to be done properly and more importantly is in terms of the expenditure of funds for the running of the Medical College.
About six firearms, five rounds of ammunition and two explosives were recovered from them during the search operation, a statement sent by the police said.
Therefore, the legal question is how the Government can implement the roster system without the Roster Register.
It is for this reason that in countries and areas where there is no water such as in the desert, people cannot survive at all, unless they have to buy water from abroad.
The election for the new CEM will be held on Tuesday. 15 MDCs are against Marak and Benedic has only 13 MDCs in favor of him.
Besides, the I/O who is investigating the coal has already informed that the existing coal is not related to the report of the Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills
Various State Governments are in dire need of funds these days, as all the revenues have gone directly to the Government of India or the GST Act and now it is seen that they are struggling to petrol, diesel and kyiad, as these are the only revenues that the State Government still holds.
The Mumbai police replied that the need was not urgent and did not fall under the urgent requirements and therefore, they ordered him to stay at home.
Before the opening ceremony, a short meeting was held by Dr.K.Dhar Addl.District Medical & Health Officer. in front of that to improve health.
“Now they say that many people are against this protest but in fact many people support it and sometimes we have just increased the bad, and in this case now on this issue, the nation will shem la iapait but it is getting stronger and stronger because it is a strong foundation, and with the right path as a leader, the people also give their support but if the path is not right then the people cannot give support", he added.
Furthermore, there are very few companies that can help employ people.
The KSU has urged the PWD department to order the contractor to start the work so that the people of this area can be safe especially those who are sick to reach the health centers quickly.
But to me, poverty and wealth don't have value only in character and appearance... Let's work hard to get food.
Last month, the government had ordered the residents to donate two liters of their water per day, as it is necessary to make fertilizer. , is what has been arriving from China all along.
He said that the party will announce the names of all the candidates on the 25th or 26th of this month.
“The Commission has met with the victim, the child and the management of the Civil Hospital.
Even the money earned by the snow is still spent on the right and on the left. Happiness is only temporary and cannot bring happiness forever.
It was a happy day for Lorenza Songthiang, a Pankration athlete, who met face to face with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on the 8th in his office.
Then, the hosts played extra time at 7:30 minutes and they couldn't score.
Hek's remarks came after BJP Meghalaya President Ernest Mawrie demanded the resignation of Lahkmen Rymbui.
He said that the most disappointing thing about Sohra is that there were many tourists on the 17th which is also a holiday in the state who came to visit Sohra, but they have to spend all their time in the middle of the road.
This has led to the spread of insurgents in the state and Garo Hills where there have been kidnappings and killings.
Shillong, Lber 24 : Ka Wahumkhrah has witnessed another pollution due to the hostility of the people who take advantage of the spread of garbage without thinking about the cleanliness of the river. you shall be in the field of your house.
“In fact, the Prime Minister has already expressed himself why he wants to support Murmu because she is a riewlum and it will be a pride for the riewlum to be elected President. This is also the first time that an ethnic woman has been elected to the throne.
Speaking after leaving the venue, Ampareen said she came to see Ardent as a private person and not as a government minister but as an MLA. The government has discussed this issue with the meeting with Bah Ardent.
“We have asked them to sign the documents to ensure that they will not fight against the party in the coming days,” said an MPCC leader. that they are given a ticket is that they have no hope of winning.
This decision was taken at a meeting held at the Dorbar Shnong Mowkaiaw on the 25th of this month.
On the other hand, Dr. Rusievan Shangpliang, Organizing Secretary of VPP Mawsynram, expressed his regret over the slow pace of construction of this road.
“The NPP MLA from Nongstoiñ has said that the development works in this constituency have been the same as other places where the development works have been done. more growth.
Police have registered a case against Slanbor under Section 506 IPC and Sections 5(n)/6 of the POCSO Act.
“This is a plot by the BJP, because it wants to recognize the citizens in the name of religion,” he said.
Another word, which we often hear now, especially in development works, is that there needs to be that infrastructure. In the Khasi language, this word means the foundation. of faith, the foundation of the rule of law, the foundation of our customs and traditions, the Lariti.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that the launch of these vehicles and the website will enable MeECL to provide better services to the people of the state.
On the other hand, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary of the HNLC in a statement said, “The MDA government and the Police Department are surprised to find that our group has been able to do such a thing. an act of violence in a high security area.
Another issue is regarding the permission of the villages for any land, the government has taken, but to be known to the people, there should be a public hearing to know. and all the land shall be counted.
While the mother and son were still sleeping.
He said the Memorandum was last submitted during the tenure of Manmohan Singh as the Prime Minister.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 1: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (KHASP) has demanded that the state government should immediately open a blood band at the Civil Hospital in Nongstoin.
The defeat of the nine prominent Sengbhalang leaders of the jaidbynriew and their low vote will show clearly that the people of Ri Lum Jaintia do not trust the Sengbhalang leaders and accept them as leaders to the JHADC. .
With the availability of these machines to make specially designed sanitary pads, he encouraged the women to buy these pads from their own villages at a reasonable price.
The organic mission was also supported by the KFW project from Germany to improve the income of farmers and increase production and to provide agricultural products at affordable prices and to improve the quality of products.
The groups this month visited Phlang Mawsyrpat village in Mawsynram Constituency, to meet with the leaders and members of the Lamlynti Border Farm Society which has employed 11 youths in this area.
He said the tax exemption should be in the name of an individual and not in the name of any group.
According to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), there were 3,285 million T.2,000 notes in circulation in October 2017, but in October 2018, there was a slight increase. Only 3.363 million copies were sold.
The political situation in the District Council as it is now has been very turbulent and many changes have taken place.
“The war with the insurgents in Garo Hills can be won easily but the war against us is not as they imagine,” said the statement.
On the 14th November, 2023, the District Administration has been able to destroy four factories of these illegal coal burning factories.
More than 4,000 US troops have now flown to Kuwait with the intention of taking part in the ground fighting alongside Iraqi troops.
ncp ladei bn covered.
Ltd has employed 88 employees.
According to the order, no one will be allowed to enter the Containment Zone except the health workers and those who have received permission from the Incident Commander in charge of the village and all the residents. They should stay at home, wear masks, not interact with others and listen carefully if they have any fever or chills or difficulty breathing.
The Jews who inherited Palestine in 1948 were brought to Palestine three times and left or fled Palestine three times and fled to other countries.
Pastor Syiem said that at this Drop-in-Centre, meetings will be held with people in various difficulties and such health centers will be open from time to time. .
He said that on the night of the 15th when his daughter and Mohan were returning from Guwahati, people threatened her with vehicles and hit her. Her car was almost overturned and they took her to Rhino.
They know and feel but do not act and accept.
The law favors the rich and the poor.
He said that with the registration of about 3.60 lakh people for the WE Card and nearly 3 lakh for the MYE Card, the party hopes that the people of the state will trust and allow the party to lead the state.
In Madhya Pradesh, the BJP government has also implemented schemes for women well and this has enabled the BJP to do well in this election.
The World Cup in Qatar will be held without beer.
Thakur took part in the clean-up of Sangam beach in Prayagraj with volunteers of the Nehru Yuva Kendra, National Service Scheme and many others.
It has now been almost two months since the first wave of peace talks ended as the first round of talks took place on July 24, 2023.
Drugs are the most dangerous darkness and are expensive commodities and only the rich can play with them.
The purpose of this measure is to allow taxis to operate freely in these two areas because if too many taxis stop at once at these areas, the traffic jam will increase and become longer. why taxis have to stop longer when loading and unloading passengers.
The MSPB has already submitted recommendations to the Government in 2018-2019. The main recommendations of the Board, besides the roads, are that the Barik point should be converted into a green space and a parking lot should be installed.
The meeting was attended by Kiren Rijiju, Minister of State for Law, Tushar Mehta, Solicitor General, Heads of Various Government Departments, BJP President JP Nadda, Arun Kumar, joint. General Secretary, RSS, said that Shah has directed everyone to prepare the documents for the bill.
Besides, other seats as well as the Lamphang seat will also be discussed tomorrow after the swearing-in ceremony of the MLAs at the Dorbar Hall in Rilbong.
Information on the implementation of this scheme should be sought.
The OC of Laitumkhrah today found the vehicle at Saitsama and arrested the driver identified as Kromlin Rymbai, 31 years old for further investigation. they also confiscated the vehicle.
She said that so far there are about 21 TB patients who have died from this world, and the government is now setting a target to eradicate the disease and get more cases. help from different groups.
The Executive Engineers of the PHE Department (Electrical, Distribution, Division II) have confirmed that from now on, the people will not face these problems through the cooperation of the PWD, National Highway and BSC Company. The FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle and KSU Upper Shillong Circle together with the Rangbah Shnongs have promised to build footpaths in all the necessary places. there is a risk to the public if there are no safe sidewalks.
In the final match, Evergreen Sports Club Mukhla Mission beat Mookyrdup 2-0 while Mooknor beat Tpep Pale 3-1
When he is strong, he may find himself well, but those who are strong surround him.
The union said that during his tenure as DC, he has never brought about any improvement in the development of the district.
On the other hand, Bah Bobby is pleased to be selected to train himself in this field, which is more difficult to get.
“But these, as brute beasts, made to be taken and destroyed, speak evil of those things which they know not; Their own plagues, they would have received the reward of their iniquity, when they would have considered it pleasant for her who was greedy in the morning. their love when they feast with you; having eyes full of lust, and turning away from sin, having put on unclean spirits, having hearts full of lusts, children of perdition.
During the inspection, it was also found that some contractors have hired foreigners who have not reached the age of majority which is against the law.
He said that all these units/outlets within various departments/corporations have been set up in this area to promote the products and activities of these various departments, that is, for commercial purposes.
At present, there are 1,66,728 voters from all four constituencies of the district.
Speaking at a rally in the capital on Saturday, Agarwal said, “The Congress has misused the money of the people allocated by the central government to the state by thep sha pla lajong"
Shillong: The Society for the Protection and Sustainable Development (ESP) of East Jaintia Hills District, Shillong, has decided to strongly oppose the proposal to set up a coal mining factory in Moolamylliang village.
The Dorbar Shnong Moolamylliang has announced that it will hold another light Christmas Extravaganza from the 17th of November.
Two suspected militants came on a bike to the Assam Oil Corporation in Hawakhana at 5.40 pm and detonated a bomb which exploded at the scene and damaged two parked vehicles, police said.
It doesn't mean that we went to the meeting and supported it,” said Dr Donkupar.
However, it is up to the government through the blueprint that they are preparing now how to do it.
He said that on this issue to increase to T.10 lakh, the government has said that it will consider carefully, because to accept the decision to increase to T.10 lakh, it will not be done. The government will have to take a decision to increase it but the increase will be mutually beneficial to both sides.
: Justice, respect, mutual respect and equality build a strong governance and society.
Speaking to media, the President of the Party, Bah KP Pangniang, said that the Prime Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, has said that the Ministry of Education is considering this demand as the Government is in the middle. you're afraid of money.
“Besides other requests for assistance from the College, the main request is for the teachers and principals who are strong links to ensure that the youth of the area receive a good education,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, EKHLTWA General Secretary Wandonbok Jyrwa said that the EKHLTWA has already submitted its reply to the Registrar General of the Meghalaya High Court and the District Transport Officer. reason why they did not come out to earn on the curfew day.
What are the reasons why our people are so poor? Why do many people from the villages have to move into 10 or 2 room houses here in Shillong just to set up shops along the road? Why is there no opportunity to create jobs in our villages? If education declines, it means that the employment opportunities of our youth will also decline.
He won the MDC election of JHADC from Nongbah against the MDC who won three times, Shemhok Garod.
“The relevant authorities of the Andhra Pradesh government have now conducted strict testing and sealing of the fish packed in the boxes to show and ensure that they are good and healthy. clean without the use of any drugs,” said Bah Mitchell.
He also forced the Bri Sohniamtra of the Khasi at that time.
However, one of the most important things that society, groups and governments should do is to examine and investigate how many children are being abused in the lack of access to schools or educational institutions. .
“To ignore the demands of Bah Ardent is not the right way in public administration. The government should call for a negotiating table to reach an agreement on both sides,” said Bah. Sadon.
The Synod also urges the parents and students not to have any feelings as the Synod together with the school authorities have taken steps to conduct the classes as they should be so that there shall be no loss of readers.
Shillong: Mawsynram MLA HM Shangpliang, Rambrai MLA Kimfa Marbaniang and Umroi MLA George Lyngdoh today met with the Director General of Police (DGP) of Meghalaya. for the construction of a fully functional Police Outpost in Langpih and Hatmadon for the purpose of providing peace to the residents.
A living democracy is a country where the media is free, said MEPA President RM Shabong in a statement.
Shillong, July 20: A woman named Donalisa Kharpran has been shot dead by her husband Lurshai Kharbuli and also by her husband Lurshai Kharpran at 10 pm on the night of the 19th July. Rikmen Kharbuli, who was inside the taxi number plate ML-05-9767, lodged a complaint with the police that the two men had broken into the taxi. Taxi to Laitkor, Shillong.
According to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, some doctors have been missing, who have come to pay the fine after receiving a letter from the government.
Shillong, Nailur 07: About 99 percent of the colleges in Meghalaya have agreed to implement the National Education Policy (NEP) 2020 and discussions are ongoing to invite other colleges to follow suit.
When human beings are perfect, then we can have the name of happiness as the psalmist sings, “Happy is that nation.
At the same time, he said that those people who come from areas where there is Coronavirus, will be closely monitored and the state government will follow the rules and regulations issued by the central government in this regard.
Another Congress candidate, Raj Gopal Reddy, has confirmed that his income during the year 2022-23 has increased to T.71.17 crore from T.36.6 lakh last year. of the year
Shillong: U MLA of Gambegre Constituency, Saleng Sangma in his speech in the House today said that in his constituency, there are villages which have received bill lights despite the lack of electricity. of electricity in buildings.
If you fail to complete the repair within 7 days of receipt of the letter, you will take other measures by closing the toll plaza and lodging a complaint against the NHAI. The NHAI has failed to construct the road in the Meghalaya High Court.
The hundreds of crores of revenue collected from coal in the past years is the main reason why the Government is unable to carry out development works in the state. The NPP has received loans from NABARD and the Asian Bank for development works.
Up to 25,00,000 kilos of garbage has been collected in 10 days since the launch of the Swachh Bharat campaign, the Minister of Youth Affairs said on Twitter, with the target of collecting and disposing of 1 crore kilos of garbage. plastic through Swachh Bharat
The fourth verse says, "His mother saith unto the servants, Whatsoever he saith unto you, do it.
He wrote, “The moon should be declared a Hindu country by an Act of Parliament and the Shiv Shakti Point should be a city, so that the insurgents cannot reach it. tshar, sha the bag, and the shitniam of yours"
“The Dorbar Shnong cannot fail to express its gratitude for the contribution you (former office bearers) have made to the society,” he said Tuesday.
Marcus Marten said the party strongly condemns the BJP leader from Silchar, who dared to file a complaint against the KSU leader, who is respected by the people of the state. , because he is the strongest leader of the party and fights against any discrimination against the people.
“However, since the ban on coal, the Council's revenue has decreased from Rs 48.12 crore to Rs 42.89 crore in 2018-19 in terms of Mawshun and Coal which are major minerals while in terms of mining. “It has decreased from Rs 29.48 crore to Rs 11.85 crore,” said Thombor Shiwat.
However, it is understood that the MLA is not from the NPP but from the party which has a few MLAs in the MDA coalition government. They have to follow the rules of the party before taking a final decision, which means that if everything goes well, the former MLA will be able to Of the many parties in the state, only the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) has announced its candidate. , said the General Secretary of the party, Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon.
Three members of the rebel group including its commander were arrested near Lady Keane College.
It is the spiritual life in the service of God or the works for the welfare and development of society.
“How much do we drink a month? It costs $40,000?" Tyson was asked, to which he replied, "We smoke 40 tons of weed a month," Tyson said.
Between 2004 and 2006, five of these reports were prepared under the leadership of Dr. MS Swaminathan, who is considered the father of the Green Revolution in India.
Speaking on the occasion, the church leaders said that as this shlem is a source of hope for the youth who have fallen into alcohol abuse, this tree planting will also be a source of hope for the environment. and many of the living things have begun to disappear from this earth because of the enmity of man.
“We are in the Congress without any benefits, but now these leaders want only those leaders who have money,” he said.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur, 21: The KLKK, Rangblang, South West Khasi Hills District has strongly opposed the planning of the Public Works Office. Department (PWD) Roads without any explanation to the Kur through the courts.
East Khasi Hills has 57 cases, East Garo Hills 4, Ri Bhoi 9, West Garo Hills 3, East Jaintia Hills 2 and North Garo Hills and South West Khasi Hills 1 each.
The Assam Government has built the Greater Chingthong Sports Complex at Umlaper since June, 2019 and has also constructed the road from Umlaper to Pomprah,” said the union in the petition.
Pynthorumkhrah MLA Alexander L Hek has slammed the MDA government over the incident in Mukroh.
All this is only to intimidate the Christians of the state and the purpose is only to intimidate the Christians and other religions in the state and the worst thing is that these members of the VHP “They also have a goal to turn Meghalaya into a Hindu state,” he said.
Government officials said that 164 Manipuris have taken refuge in Champhai district, 36 in Khawzawl district, 27 in Serchhip district and 19 in Mamit district. and 57 cases in Lunglei district.
Shillong, Nailar 5: The Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council (MPHRC) has said that it is time for the government to pass a law to curb the allegations of rape. like this thing.
The involvement in any activity, especially in relation to bad habits, is a problem that all families face, whether they have daughters or sons.
It is also through this method of selecting the beneficiaries that it also affects the divisions even among the residents which often reaches the point where it is politics that divides the villages.
Speaking to reporters, Bah P.Nongbri Sordar of Porkrong Village, one of the villages in Mawshynrut, expressed his gratitude to the MDA government and especially to the MLA of the area, Bah Gigur. Myrthong, who has struggled to maintain the road.
After the counting of votes and the victory of the UDP candidate Bah Nujorki Sungoh as MLA of Mowkaïaw Constituency, the NPP supporters became angry and threw stones at the houses of the supporters. The UDP in Sahsniang on Friday.
The project will be implemented to verify residents, passports, procession permits and others by sending them to the website of the Highway Patrols Vehicles. patrolling around the city of Shillong.
At the same time, the President of MEMA said that the group of journalists fully supports the demand of the Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) to increase the Journalist Welfare Fund for the workers in the MEPA. to implement the Health Insurance Scheme for journalists in the state, to expedite the Advertisement Policy and others.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Joint Action Committee of All Teachers Association of Meghalaya (JACA TAM) has rejected the report prepared by the Director of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) on the issue of to take over only the posts of teachers in all schools in the state.
turnout was low.
Pynursla: The Raid Shabong today completed a sacrifice at Ryngku Stu Hill to protect the environment, to see if there are any enemies, to destroy it.
The victory also confirmed to Srikanth that he can now dominate Sen as he has a record of 3-0 in the first leg between the two.
On the other hand, Ma Lakmen Rymbui, in his speech, congratulated Bah Pius Marweiñ, MLA of Ranikor Constituency for his efforts to bring many benefits to the constituency. part of the villages through the collaboration with various officers with the wish that they will continue to carry out their activities within the Constituency.
The Minister said that the creation of the district in Sohra is not to win elections but to ensure that the right thing is done.
This has been going on for a year and there are also families who cannot come to pick them up themselves, but they have chosen their own person to pick them up and distribute them back to the village.
According to the law, it needs four members in addition to its chairman.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner of West Karbi Anglong promised to discuss and inform the KAAC regarding the opposition of the organizations and the Dorbar Shnong Khanduli.
The Seng would like to inform the Government on the issue of the right of equality to all the workers so that there will be no discrimination against the workers and farmers.
“In Garo Hills, they will put the corners of the time, why not in Jowai?
If you experience these symptoms, it’s time to take some necessary steps.
Referring to the court case against the KHADC, the EM said that the Khasi shopkeepers have been able to file a complaint against the KHADC. it may be the influence of someone from behind who may be foreigners, and perhaps they may be investors from behind.
Jowai, Lber 20:EJNC Secretary Sambormi Lyngdoh has been arrested by the East Jaintia Hill Police for allegedly attempting to kidnap and extort money from a foreigner who is the owner of a restaurant in East Jaintia Hills. Petrol Pump, Datsimpain Ladrym-bai, East Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Assam Petroleum Mazdoor Union (APMW) and the owners of petrol pumps in Garo Hills have decided to open petrol pumps for four hours from 11 am to 3 pm. .
He said that in the development works on the border, there has been an agreement between the two states to inform if it is in the areas where there is a dispute, but in Balakhawa it is the territory of Meghalaya. “This is the reason why the government should not build this road, it is not going to hand over this land to Assam, besides there are lands between the two countries. conflict," he said.
“According to him, it is the duty of the Central Government to implement the law to protect the rights and security of the citizens, regardless of their ethnicity.
Paildonbor K.Ryja of Nongnah Secondary School and Chikimesa D. Shira of Border Achik Secondary School won the Best Athletes of the 14th grade. Interlis John Nongbri of Jingaiiti Secondary School and Nengchi Sangma of Indira Gandhi Memorial Secondary School.
When Bah Adelbert started to harass and force even the Lamphang, the Lamphang stood up from his seat to speak to him and requested him to sit down because the rules and regulations of the dorbar allow him to take. only one call attention motion.
“A 10-year-old boy sent this message from Satara,” the police chief said.
Jowai, Nailur 30 : The semi final of the '40 Above Veteran Knockout Football Tournament-2022' was held today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. Southeast, Jowai.
The notice has also been sent to the Chief Election Commissioner of the Government of India, the Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya and others.
The Inter School Basketball Competition 2023 was held on the 21st of this month at the Basketball Court of Nativity Higher Secondary School Mawkyrwat. as a guest.
"If we don't do anything, the death toll will be higher than last June," he said. If we don't do anything, there will be a serious problem in the health and well-being of the people.
It can be found in the wholesome teachings of various religions since ancient times.
To sacrifice his son for God – Abraham took Isaac to the place where he was to sacrifice him, when he put him on the sacrifice, to kill the obedience to God instead of son, God gave him a ram to sacrifice for God.
Speaking at a meeting held at Dadengre West Garo Hills, Dr Mukul Sangma said that the people have the desire to restore all the land that has been lost in Assam. “When we led the government, we refused to sign the soskular to give the land of Meghalaya to Assam, but the government which is against the people has signed the soskular and sold the land. “It's not like Assam,” he said.
These rules are to prevent foreign workers from coming to work in Meghalaya.
Thomas said this incident shows that the Assam police are arrogant and powerful because they have received authority from the Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma and this shows how powerful the Meghalaya government is. khawpud until the end.
In fact, if the PWD wants to implement the IB, it should follow the procedures by calling a tender to publicize the legal tender bidding system in various newspapers in the State.
In this Khasi-Jaintia country, there are many such women.
“It is better to hide any wrongdoing, so the public should not be afraid to report,” said the union.
Eastern tradition says that in ancient times there were one or two, but later tradition says that there were three.
There have been 1,560 new cases of covid-19 in Assam today, bringing the total number of cases to 89,468, said Himanta Biswa Sarma, Health Minister of Assam.
There were 16 different churches, which held prayers last Saturday night.
The signing will last for two days and will end on Saturday.
As the residents are waiting for the rain until the first month of July due to the drought and now that the rain has fallen, MeECL will cut off the power outage in the state due to the Umïam. it began to rise.
The Shillong South MLA said that according to the information he has received from government officials, there is a need for up to 4 lakh government jobs in Meghalaya for unemployed youth and out of these up to 70,000 jobs are available. in the Traffic Department of the Police Department.
You have to think and watch.
Since then, Chopra, who won the gold medal at the Tokyo Olympics, has become the Diamond League champion in 2022, the World Championship in 2023 and has also won the title. She won the gold medal at the Asian Games in China.
“Many of the students who are studying today are now in their own jobs to work for the country.
The FCI was established in 1964 under the Food Cooperation Acts, and the main objective of the FCI is to provide food items such as rice to non-rice growing areas or villages at a reasonable price. which also set the target that all the people of the country should have access to food through the Food Distribution System.
He admitted that if you look at the promises and actions of the Congress when it forms the government, it always fulfills the promises it makes to the people of the state.
Shillong: The independent candidate for the mid-term elections from Shella, Kong Grace Mary Kharpuri, has expressed her happiness that the people of Shella constituency will allow her as a woman to become an MLA this time.
In the second leg, Sohiong SC beat Jongksha SC 2-0 goals. Sohiong SC scored the first goal through Banshemlang Janong in the first half. 20 minutes later, Keystar Malngiang scored the last goal in the 75th minute.
Chemhok Garod said that the people of the constituency need change at this time, because there is also a gap between the rich and the poor by fighting to eliminate those High Level and Low Level.
It also has a 6.6" Full HD+ display that makes it even more beautiful when viewing pictures and 7GB of RAM which can be expanded by Memory Fusion.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah W.Lyngdoh Sangriang, President of Wahkaji-Mawthabah Land Owners Association, expressed his strong opposition to the tender invited by UCIL for the mining. He said that UCIL and KHADC cannot ignore him as the owner of the land and before they do anything they have to get permission from him.
Meghalaya will play Tripura on 11th June and Mizoram on 15th June.
The employees of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) under the leadership of the Non Gazetted Employees' Association (NGEA) on Tuesday launched a three-day strike to demand the release of The salary has not been paid for 32 months.
At that time she was pregnant with another child.
They said that the construction of the school has started since 2012-2013 since the time of the MUA 2 government when Mukul Sangma was the Chief Minister of the state. They also requested the present government not to politicize any development projects which are a blessing and benefit to the people especially the schools.
Alcohol can even shorten a person's life.
The Seng also takes this opportunity to urge the Leaders of Shella and Sohra Constituencies who are part of the present Coalition Government to take responsibility to achieve this goal, said a statement from Bah Roy Kupar. Synrem, President and U Bah Shan Nongrum, President of Riwar Shella Circle.
“Just to make you laugh, Mother Thei,” said Santa's daughter.
Nongpoh: Lumkya Football Club on Tuesday beat Kbet Football Club 2-1 in the tournament organized by Nongsang Youth Youth Socio Cultural Organization. in the final match which was held yesterday at the ground in the village.
Therefore, what is needed is for the Ministry of Agriculture to turn its attention to this area, as it is the source of income for many households and perhaps through the assistance from the government, it will further boost their agriculture and income.
Shillong, Nailar 05: The Chairman of the Joint Action Committee (JACA) of Meghalaya, Babu Polly Warlarpih, on Tuesday said that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, has said that The request of the JACATAM teachers is, “The Prime Minister has the skills to sing and dance.
This is before the resumption of the Jal Jeevan Mission scheme of the Central Government which aims to reach every household by
In the same message, the HNLC also wants a complete ban on the operation of dewbilat companies in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills as well.
Sangma said what the government needs now is to be prepared to fight against the fourth phase.
He said that the passwords were given to these two persons and it was found during the audit that the money was lost.
Advocate Kerlang Ksoo has been elected as President, Advocate Rimaya Manar as Vice President, Advocate Reading War as General Secretary, Advocate Kynjaimon Amse Assistant General Secretary, Advocate Miranda S Bareh Finance Secretary, Advocate Timidis Pakem Publicity Office, Advocate Shibaitshwa Lyngdo Secretary and Advocate Aida Mary Nongtdu, Advocate Michaelson Sariang, Advocate Balamon Shylla as Executive Members.
The teacher's graduation was revealed at a meeting of parents and school authorities held on 9th July before distributing the mid-year results to the students.
The celebration was held at the Auditorium Hall of USTM with the participation of students, teachers, staff of USTM and also experts who are well aware of the preventive measures against the spread of the disease. Chronic kidney diseases (CKD) are commonly known as chronic kidney diseases.
The song has also been released on the YouTube channel of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
The make up artist is Ibalucky and it was edited by Khasi Studio.
Shillong: A truck carrying coke has overturned on Upper Shillong Road at Sawmer village this morning.
He has run all the ports, airports, construction, contracts in the Ministry of Defence, runs the apple trade in Himachal Pradesh and almost every other business. He is only because he is Modi's man.
“This is our request to deploy the ANTF in Mawlai because if the government relies only on the police from Mawlai Police Station, they will not be able to do it because of the heavy workload,” said Bah Samuel.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Joint Action Committee of the Rangbah Shnongs of Shillong (Urban and Neighborhood) has attended the Dorbar Bah of Bri Hynniewtrep. long at the Polo Ground on Saturday.
Shillong, June 24: The Ri Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) on Tuesday condemned the violence by the Assam police in Khanduli. The villagers of Khanduli, Block 1, West Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya, in the past few days, have searched for the village leaders just because the village has closed down the shops. liquor was sold illegally within the limits of khanduli village.
On the departure of these leaders, Bah Brol said he does not stop those who want to leave when they feel that they have earned more elsewhere or have earned more than other candidates.
As we are the owners of this land, we must strengthen that ownership by not accepting it as a place of violence,” said a statement from the Education Cell of KSU Sengkmie.
The President of the HSPDP also demanded that Mairang should be made the capital of the second district of Meghalaya.
Shillong: Dr Jemino Mawthoh, who has contested the Lok Sabha MP election, has been heard by many people.
Likewise, this will affect equality in the participation of all citizens on democratic matters.
Kong Tyrun Kharkongngor gave birth to these daughters and sent them to Sir Griffiths who named them Glory and Honour.
Regarding the support of the singers of Ri-War, he said, “I can't really repay them, they have slept with me, they have supported me since I started singing. , they supported me to use the music from the Sound System free of charge,” he said.
He said that filmmakers in the region have faced difficulties in getting money because they don't know how to get money.
Satellite : means the body is the most important part of the structure of any creature; suiñ is the space between the sky and the earth.
Meghalaya cannot claim to be a peaceful state because of many illegal activities.
A statement sent via WhatsApp said that on 2nd July 2023 about 1000 non-Christians attacked a Catholic Church in Narayanpur.
“The farmers buy two bags of soh or any other crop from there and sell it to Guwahati and earn more.
It is reported that the cold weather has affected the crops especially the vines in the areas where the vines have started to bloom.
Shillong, November 11: About 60,000 people have attended the screening of the Khasi film 'Sa Shisien' at the Bijou Cinema Hall in Khyndailad.
She said that such demands should not be encouraged or allowed, because having the city everywhere at all times is not good, and it will be wrong.
In this regard, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Rosetta Mary Kurbah, has decided to convene a meeting between the PWD Department, the Army and the Dorbar Shnong Rngi Shyllong.
Theanine: Theanine is a non-essential amino acid that the body can produce itself but can also be obtained through the foods we eat, white tea, green tea. tea), black tea and palong are rich in theanine.
However, the social contract they signed was not as mentioned in the report.
Society has reached a point where it can collapse and serious problems can overwhelm and overwhelm the whole life.
The message I have to give you is, let us fall and dig a little bit of the idea of ​​“Long ka mon jong Me” in these days when the Coronavirus has entered our state.
In addition, James Ban Basaiawmoit, Ivanlumlang Marbaniang and Joseph Makdoh were appointed as Vice Presidents.
Khliehriat, November 09: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 was held today at Deinchynrum Stadium, EJHD under the auspices of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA).
According to the CCPA, any hotel and restaurant is prohibited from including the service charge immediately or through inclusion in the bill.
The child has been missing since Thursday (12/3/21) and her body was found on Saturday (13/3/21) at Wah Umbluh Wai Khyrmi, which falls within the border of Dkhiah East.
Staising Khartbteng, Sub-Inspector of Schools, SDSEO, who was the chief guest in his speech, said that the government has introduced sports in schools. As part of the physical activity of the students, it also brings about mental development, a healthy body and frees them from bad habits especially in the intoxicating drinks.
The Yemeni government is the first country to declare war on Israel or what it calls the "Battle of the Flood" of al-Aqsa and has shelled many areas. Israel and those on the Palestinian border.
These two District Councils receive 25 per cent of the revenue from the sale of coal, while the State Government takes 75 per cent.
Babu Pyngrope said that the school management has dedicated itself to improve the school buildings despite not receiving any assistance from the government. .
This is also a problem that we must think about especially as believers and Christians, because the Bible teaches us to help and do good to the oppressed, the poor, the needy, the afflicted and the needy (Deuteronomy 15). Psalm 82:4; James 20:35;
On the other hand, the teachers paid tribute to him as a last greeting before he retired and the students and students also paid tribute to him with dances and songs to pay tribute to him. Bah Edward Shadap, Principal of Nongtluh Higher Secondary School, Diwon, who has served for 33 years.
Speaking to u SP East Khasi Hills, Bah Maiahom Kharkrang, he said that police have not yet been able to track down the suspects.
“This vaccination campaign is a memorable and proud event for the people of the country and the world. We believe that we will be able to eradicate this disease soon,” he said. said.
To reap all the benefits of the IDY 2023 theme, the first thing to do is to reach out to all parts of the world.
Sumit Gareri, Debayan Ghosh and Sandeep Kumar won the men's doubles category and Jeff AK Marak and Ario Chegado S Marak won the men's doubles category.
On Mukul's allegation that the Congress overthrew the MPA government in 2009 because it was not able to function, James said, “Bah DD Lapang has been in office for only 10 years. The Prime Minister, who was appointed by Mukul Sangma, has been dismissed, which shows that Mukul Sangma's remarks refer to Bah Lapang who is not ready to work”.
The incident took place at Chandadih Lakhanpur, said In-charge of Naryananpur Police Station Dilip Kumar.
Adelbert Nongrum MDC of KHNAM from Jaiaw also supported the motion by Pyniaid and said that during his tenure as CEM he has tried hard to clean up the motor area.
Nongpoh: About 25 Casual Workers working at Dewlieh Farm of the Horticulture Department, today staged a mass protest against the lack of salary for the past 8 months. They also decided to stop the operation of the farm, which is also one of the farms that produces soh ki pai, syntiew ki skut and other plants.
In Kolkata, petrol will cost T.78.10 per liter and diesel T.70.33 per litre.
Shillong Lajong FC have reached the quarter final of the EK Mawlong Memorial Trophy.
The Nagaland government has extended the Inner Line Permit (ILP) Act to Dimapur district, a report said today.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng, 23: As a sign of encouragement and encouragement to the students of the Hima Maharam Syiemship who have passed the examinations, the family members of Parad Maniwell Jahrin (Maniwell Jahrin Excellence Award 2022) today awarded the Maniwell Jahrin Excellence Award 2022 to 5 students who passed the SSLC examination .
The children and grandchildren of Bah (L) Handerson Syiemlieh were delighted with the discovery of these new species and praised the work of the ZSI team led by Dr.Sen.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The Chairman of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) on Thursday urged the people of the state not to compare themselves with the head of a pig. Before the elections, darkness will fall again in Meghalaya.
Our Hynniewtrep – Hynniewskum people are one of the smallest peoples in the world.
This is a reality we see time and time again.
However, as the Bill could not be passed, Bah Rapsang had to resign from the post of Minister to contest the election.
“As human beings, let us also be able to distinguish between what is a need and what is a desire.
“As a nation, we are fortunate to have produced great leaders in any field.
Therefore, the Education Department or MBOSE should give special consideration for this year.
Tuition, school fees, college fees are also high.
“We don't have to throw away the plate we use to eat,” said Conrad.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Harvis Phawa President Seinraij Tuber and welcome speech was delivered by Shanly Rymbai, Langdoh of Seinraij Tuber and welcome speech by Jolby Sana, General Secretary, Seinraij Tuber.
On the other hand, the CEM read out the names of the five promoted officers and approved. The Dorbar will continue tomorrow.
Besides congratulating the new office bearers of the HYC, Nongpoh Circle, Bah Rhembor G Saibon, also informed the members about the threat to the jaitbynriew due to the illegal entry of foreigners and mynder. He said that it is through the illegal involvement of the authorities that many Khasi girls have been abducted by these authorities and that is through marriage.
On November 20, 2013, the Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA), Bah John Kharshiing, visited the Meghalaya Education Commission to advise the Meghalaya Education Commission on the inclusion of sports activities in the curriculum.
Regarding the members of the Ambulance Committee, BL Bimee Suwer, WS Loompyrdi Iongpiah, Pyrkhat Shylla, WS Mookyrdup, Aiban BM Shullai and WS Ladthadlaboh have been elected while the President and General Secretary will be ex-officio. .
He said that not only to meet with the religious leaders but also to meet with all the various groups to discuss and exchange ideas with them.
Matt Henry, who played well for New Zealand, has moved up five places to seventh in the bowling category, while South Africa's Sisanda Magala has announced He has taken eight wickets in two matches, including three wickets against the Netherlands.
The march started from IB PWD Mawkyrwat Road and went to Mawthawpdah, Marshillong, Sakwang, Jakrem to distribute food items and clothes to the affected families. IB PWD Road Mawkyrwat.
However, I am happy that I have seen the victory in the past 8 years from all over the North East and now it is time to go to Shillong and welcome the people of Shillong with this part of the new aesthetics.
Samla Banshai Synkli, General Secretary of the RBYF, said that the purpose of the donation was to celebrate with them on this special day for them. , which the whole world celebrates once a year.
The PMTBMBA is the goal of the Government of India to help TB patients and especially the citizens of India to participate from the leaders, officers, donors who The President of India, Drupadi Murmu, has launched the campaign on 9th July
The success of any policy depends on its implementation.
Shillong, July 11: Due to the visit of the President of India to Shillong, the State Police Department has requested the public to refrain from traveling to Mawngap and some parts of the city. in the city of Shillong.
The purpose of this tournament is to raise funds for the construction of the Centenary Building, Hospital Annex of Dr. H. Gordon Robert Hospital, Shillong which is also a sign of the celebration of the 100th anniversary of the hospital. on the theme, “Thus far, the Lord has helped us”.
Festival : means tamahoi festival, the color of the tamahoi festival is the color of the festival, the color of the taw is the color of the festival. to sing and to sing.
Last year, it took more than two months for the Prime Minister to speak on the incident in Manipur since the beginning of the conflict.
KHLIEHRIAT: An employee of Amrit Cement Limited, Pawan Yadav, has been arrested by the East Jaintia Hills District Police on charges of involvement in the arrest of eight employees of the factory since 2nd November. .
In the complaint of the truck driver, four persons robbed him of a Maruti car (WB-02R-4019) while he was parking the truck at Jowai bypass. On the 7th of March, the truck driver said that the four men shot and bombed him and his follower using a pistol and knife and looted Rs 4,000, mobile phone and two car batteries.
The body of Damanbha L Mawlot, 16, Kong Ibadashisha Lyndoh, 24, and the body of the son of Daman Lyngdoh, 15 years old, have been recovered. Two persons were injured in the incident including the body of Kong Ladianghun L Mawlot, 42 years old.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal, said that the district administration is ready to deploy police personnel to ensure that there will be no disturbance to the public. He said that the District Administration has also deployed police to ensure that there will be no traffic problem in these areas.
The chief guest on the occasion was Fourstar Rymbui Branch Manager, Rural Bank Iooksi Branch and in his speech he praised the club for organizing this program and helping the youth of the area to succeed in life in any field. anything.
Shashank has been accused of supporting the Bru refugees by ordering the setting up of polling stations in the areas where the refugees live in Tripura.
The Covud-19 pandemic in 2020 has severely affected the literacy and education of students from primary to secondary and higher classes.
JOWAI: The preparation and enthusiasm of the residents of Psiar village for the visit of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya has come to an end as the Chief Minister has decided to visit the village.
Speaking to media, Bah Kermiki Thangkhiew-Secretary MPBC said that the party has always faced financial difficulties but even so, the party has not given up. serve to provide for the needs of the players whether in the training ground or in cases where the rangïakura have to fight outside.
He was silent.
The party has also elected the office bearers of the district including Witting Mawsor, vice president Thing Lyngdoh and secretary Nicolas Marweiñ. The Women Wing has elected Biolinda Lyngdoh Nonglait as Convenor and members of various Executive Committees.
Between the years 2000-17 was the most painful and painful time for the Khasi Pnar people living in Block-1 due to the presence of these insurgent groups as mentioned above.
The year 2022 is also the year of the 50th Anniversary of the State or the Golden Jubilee of the State.
Debate- Saidnia with the participation of the Members of the Legislative Assembly in a debate and discussion on social issues in the state.
If everyone writes in this way, it will not be long before these Khasi characters will disappear without the sunset or the moon.
This will happen only after the third Temple is rebuilt in Jerusalem where the man of sin, the son of perdition, will sit and pretend to be God.—2 Thessalonians 2:4
“I want to tell the poor that the line will be T.12,0
This was revealed after the HITO on Tuesday inspected the hospital which has been upgraded from CHC to Civil Hospital Khliehriat.
What is needed by the people who have nothing to do with party work or work as voters during elections is to carefully consider which candidates should be elected in order to get people who are fearful, who trustworthy, experienced and non-corrupt.
The meeting was conducted by Dr.P.Nongtdu, Principal, Jaintia Eastern College.
Four species of trees namely Kashmir pine tree, cherry blossom, poma and local pine tree were planted on this occasion.
The earthquake lasted for about a few minutes and was at a time when many were still asleep.
On this occasion, seeds such as kajor, muli and phresbin were also distributed to four aganwadi centers like Mawkyrwat, Mawbidong, Sohkhyllam and Nonglang.
Dieng Pasoh tollgate does not provide protection to the people of the state but it is a place of violence for the authorities and not a place to save the people of Hynniew Trep. However, we don't have any happiness from the rest of the Khasi who work there. They are the Stieh of the Dkhars who run the tollgate. The toll gates in Meghalaya should not be allowed to authorize. I don't want to give you a job...It's like you don't allow them to enter Meghalaya without a permit.
The JSU also demands that the GVK should immediately release the salaries of the 108 employees within 10 months and if it does not release the salaries, the union will not hesitate to protest. 108 employees who have been violated of their right to earn money.
On the part of the Mynsngat Presbyterian Church, in a short meeting, it congratulated Mr. Sniawbhalang.
These three days will be held from the 23rd, 24th and 26th of June at Ladrymbai Dongwah, Ladrymbai Khliehdupon and Dienchynrum.
At the meeting, the Congress office bearers said that at this juncture, the people need to bring about a strong and stable government that can provide peace, freedom of worship and peace. how I'm that rich.
This, too, as I have shown above, resembles cow manure in its value as a nitrogen fertilizer to the soil.
Rimaya Suna scored the first goal of the first half for Mukhla Raij Ever Young FC against Ar Daloi FC in the first half. until the end of the first half which lasted 1-0.
The 3rd Anniversary of the Unit was also attended by Bah Bipul Thangkhiew President, Denis Syngkli, Organizing Secretary, Bah Bawan Marweiñ, Bah RJ Thangkhiew, Political Secretary, Samla. Alberto Nongsiej President Nongpoh Circle, Samla Wanpyndapskhem Mawlieh and other elders along with the new leaders of the RBYF 3 Village Units who were confirmed by the President.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung 18: Unidentified robbers have robbed an office of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in Pyndenspar-Laitlawsang. , Jakrem, South West Khasi Hills District.
Jesus was born as a king to rule with love and mercy, not with power.
He said that Bah Hanaman had said that as the Government has appointed a Judicial Inquiry Commission, the MPHRC will not be able to conduct its own investigation into the incident. The union has requested the State Government that the investigation to be conducted through the commission appointed by them should be thorough.
Para Ri, it is true that there are many problems such as food shortages due to lack of food, but I would like to ask you to be patient because the government has fought as hard as it can. Not only that, but even the civil society and the private sector are ready to help in this regard to help each other as much as they can.
There are no risks in the use of these pesticides derived from other living organisms that can kill plant diseases (bio-pesticides) because that is the way they are carried. they do not pollute the environment and include only micro-organisms that we cannot see with our naked eyes (micro-organisms) but which are very important.
As directed by the KJP Assembly, the Church has decided that no one will be allowed to sell knick-knacks, books, cassettes and other items on the streets and in places of worship. The roads leading to the venue are smaller, vehicles entering the parking lots will leave until the end of the service and obey the directions of the Traffic Police and Traffic Volunteers. arranged by the Church to avoid confusion.
In the group song competition, the students of Arts & Culture, Shillong College and St. Mary's Higher Secondary School won the prizes.
If not, all that has been given to that or that company will be lost and given to someone else who is less valuable.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09 : The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah DP Wahlang has congratulated the preparations for the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022, especially the officers, volunteers and staff involved in the preparations. This is the biggest sports tournament in the North East.
D degree in the country and abroad.
In fact, the school has already received a plot of land at Kyrdemkulai, Ri-Bhoi which covers an area of ​​about 200 acres.
The match will be played between Mukhla Raij SC and Nangbah Mulang at 1 pm on 29.11.2
Let us the citizens take the part of the Prophets, let us go out into the world to expose evil, to fight, to be the voice of righteousness and truth, to shape the future and to stand against the oppressive forces. .
To the state government, we would like to say “don't talk nonsense” when you go to Delhi to discuss this issue, as you have decided unanimously and promised to the people of the state to implement the ILP. come only that voice, for this is the voice of the people who have elected you to lead.
Sangma wrapped the money and put it inside his pocket.
Recently, the traffic police have repaired the road by cleaning the soil in the potholes which could cause danger to the passengers.
This goal stood firm until the end of the first half which brought the team victory and also to reach the final of the tournament.
“Therefore, we have asked the CEM not to issue new Trading License to other ethnic groups.
The circulation of photos and videos on social media of the Christmas celebration of the Presbyterian Church Nongpyndeng on the 27th November has surprised and shocked many people. They were also known as the “JUHE” who marched on the streets of Nongstoiñ.
The curfew is in force in all Municipal areas, all Cantonment areas, Mawlai Block, Mawpat Block, parts of Upper Shillong, Umshyrpi to 7mer and beyond. sha Madanrting, Mawblei, Laitkor, Nongkse, Umlyngka, Lawsohtun, Mawdiangdiang, Diengiong, Siejiong.
“This has caused problems to the residents of the Autonomous District as they have to spend money even to build a single house,” said the GLCDC. Shillong, July 17: The Speaker of the Meghalaya People's Front (MPF) on Tuesday said that he has not received any letter from the opposition Meghalaya People's Front (MPF) which has spoken against the appointment of chairman in the committees. various members of the Legislative Assembly only from the ruling MLAs.
The cases include one BSF personnel, six women and nine men.
“I don't know how to do it, Kmie.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, said, “The discussion on this Bill is to pave the way for the implementation of the Rope Way. tourists.
Shillong: There have been 28 new cases of covid-19 in East Khasi Hills today, of which 26 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills. , 4 high risk contacts, one policeman and 3 screeners.
(Joint Meeting between the Government of Meghalaya and KSU, DIPR)Three years from now the KSU will celebrate its 50th anniversary and while it is preparing to reach that milestone, today the KSU should also strive to reach that goal. bad woh know yourself.
“The Governor said that he lives in Kolkata but does not have his native village because his village has been occupied by Bangladeshis and that is why he agrees with this Bill of KHADC. “The Governor said that not only in the Khasi community there is a Sang but also in the Hindu religion there is a Sang in the family,” said Badarity Nonglait.
These tourist attractions have been maintained and improved by the Shilliangjashar Eco Tourism Cooperative Society in collaboration with the village.
“How can we play with the lives of hundreds of men, women and children,” said Gurjit Singh.
The family members of the victim have lodged a complaint with the Pynursla Police Station.
In East Khasi Hills, 63 cases including 3 cases from Armed Forces and 60 cases from civilians, 4 cases in West Garo Hills, 6 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 6 cases in South West Garo Hills. There are 3 cases in Hills and 1 case in West Khasi Hills.
This means that if a position has been filled by people from a group, through the share of that group, that position will remain the share of that group, even when it becomes vacant again through retirement , or the resignation, or the promotion of those who have held that office.
However, the Japanese authorities have not announced exactly where the earthquake will fall, but have informed that Japan is no longer in danger from the earthquake.
To establish a successful and complete democracy we need to eradicate poverty, ignorance of our free rights, backwardness whether in education or human rights. to promote those who challenge its full victory and to eliminate stingy counting by those who are not qualified or educated to fulfill their duties as citizens and to decide the precious vote We have the understanding that we elect our leaders once every five years without being forced or misled and also to break away from selfishness but to think for the good of the community as a whole.
Jowai, July 1: The violence and border crossing by Assam in all parts of Meghalaya has increased and on this issue, 12 villages of Shiliang Myntang Elaka, which are adjacent to the Karbi River, have been arrested. Anglong District Assam, on Tuesday, met with the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, on 29th June, and demanded that the Minister should deploy police in the area of ​​Shiliang Myntang. to prevent the violence of the Assam police.
Furthermore, the KSU has already sent CEC leaders including Biangbor L Paliar, Vice President, Sonstar Nongkhlaw, Barikula Nongsiej, Jashan Mukhim, Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew and other members. from West Jaintia Hills and East Jaintia Hills to accompany the residents of Mukroh.
Jesus says that the Pharisee went away empty-handed while the tax collector received justification.
When Ksan, Bhalang and his father carried the ratap to carry wood to the forest, his mother also followed to eat lyer pyngngad.
John Robert wrote it only as his personal feeling and according to his feelings as a Christian and at the same time as a man with love and compassion for the Khasi.
Wamehi Suna of Government Boys Higher Secondary School, Jowai came 12th.
May the commemoration of the 185th birth anniversary of the last independent Khasi Syiem who made himself famous in 2020 teach us that we should not be afraid of the spirit of rhah bor or sbai rupa. to follow the example of Syiem Tirot Singh and his followers to stand on the basis of righteousness and truth so that the powers of forty kinds cannot take advantage of us to deceive us with thoughts self-interest so that the future of our children and brothers and sisters will be secure for generations to come.
The order was lifted from today.
The house, which belongs to Kong Sian Shadap and has seven children, has caused a huge loss to the house, as all the belongings inside the house have been destroyed. Fortunately, no tragic or fatal incidents were reported in the incident.
To share information about the short story of woh Tep Kyndait, it is said that he was one of the heroes of Jaintia Hills from Tuber Kmaishnong village. Amratap Singh because this king had sent all the children of the raiot of the hills to convert to Hinduism.
He was ordained Lyndoh Sohblei on 23rd July,
He also congratulated all the villages where he went to vote from Umniuh-Tmar, Tangmang, Wahumleiñ, Mawlam, Pyrnai, Lyndem, Mawshun, Pynursla and other villages including The villages in War-Jaintia which supported him greatly were Nongbareh Lyntiar, Nongbareh Rim and Amkoi.
In the short meeting, the leader of the HYC Sengkmie, Samla Rangbah Roy Kupar Synrem, General Secretary, HYC Sengkmie, who is also the village headman of Shella, gave a speech of encouragement and best wishes.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District announces the release of Free of Cost Pulses for the month of April, 2020 in East Jaintia Hills District. , Head.
The JAC said this after a meeting held at Infinity Hall Mooralong, Jowai on Monday in the presence of JSU President Alan Niangti, Secretary Riquoma RQ Laloo, JSU Secretary Treiborlang R Suchen and others.
Nongpoh, Nailur 21: Two civil society organizations, the Hynniewtrep Umden Area (HIITO) Umden Area and the Meghalaya People's United Front (MPF) today met with the Executive Engineer of the PWD Division to express their views on the Hundreds of thousands of villages in the Umden Nongtluh area have been facing serious problems due to the deterioration of the Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur Road. roads in the transportation of the public.
She said that if the law recognizes same-sex marriage, there will be problems and difficulties in terms of childbearing, release of san shyieng, inheritance of property, payment of rent. bam and others.
More than 130 residents of the village have come to collect medicines from the health camp.
“We will no longer be able to carry out our planned projects.
He said that the union is surprised how the Police Station has to be implemented in the buildings of the village while other Police Outposts only in Ri Bhoi have their own buildings and even quarters. Umsohlait Police Station has been implemented only at the Police Station level and the operation does not fall under that Police Station level.
Umiam PS on receiving information about the incident rushed to the scene and the investigation is ongoing to arrest the vehicle.
The relatives of the deceased have lodged a complaint with the Jhalupara Out Post Police Station.
“I don't mind if they want to file a chargesheet, but according to my knowledge, the chargesheet can only be filed against criminals and I don't know what the MPCC leader said, but it is the their will," the prime minister told reporters.
In 2021, many of the residents and even the Government of Meghalaya itself have been pleased with the temporary disappearance of the COVID-19 pandemic.
The Divisional Level Dak Adalat will be held at his office on the 19th of this month at 11:30 pm.
In November, AICC Meghalaya leader Joshi, who was ordered to reconcile with the Congress, failed to do so until the AICC sent Wasnik.
At the same time, he said that the party leaders will meet with Bah Brolding Nongsiej MLA Mawthadraishan to inform the government that it should immediately send a doctor to the hospital. for the benefit of the people of the area.
This morning, the offering of thanksgiving was completed for the Soodwar Sooluti and Tawiar Takan.
However, he said that if they want to go anywhere, it is up to them, but he warned them not to put two EPICs or to vote on both sides, but they should. to decide whether they should be in one state whether in Meghalaya or Assam.
The Tirot Singh Indoor Stadium in Lower Lachumiere is also known as the NSCA. Older friends say it is the National Sports Council of Assam.
“We will discuss this issue again in the coming days and gather more information,” he said.
He said that after the incident, the police found that there were stones and petrol to carry out activities that would disrupt the peace.
Other languages ​​in the North East such as Manipuri and Nepali were included in 1992, and Bodo in 2003, thus the Khasi language has not been included in the Fifth Schedule even after the demand. For more than 40 years, it has affected the educated youth when they have to write the employment examinations in English which is a foreign language.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), all those who have symptoms of Covid-19, should take action to stay at home and inform the government authorities or the health department. that they should stay away from each other.
Shillong: At about 2:30 pm today, a NGO known as the HUFAN team received a tip that there are people who kill and try to eat dogs in Happy Valley, Shillong.
All the teams playing on Saturday are from the Eastern Conference, including last season's champions Langsning Greenergy Lions, Kickstart FCC Rhinos, Unified Gorkha Gators, and new teams Shillong Lajong Coyotes, Titan. Otters Football Academy and Mawkhar Roosters SC. One team has to play four matches according to the age group of the children, while in the U-6 category it is only a voluntary match to encourage the children.
This time, the uniforms were distributed to the students through the donation of Bah Raymos Wahlang and also from the office of the Raid Laban Dorbar.
At the same time, the KJGP Bataw Unit has expressed its concern over the deterioration of the Rymbai Bataw Borkhat Jhalalpur (RBBJ) road which is the bloodline of the border area in terms of development. the residents of various villages in various areas of their needs especially in the field of health.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 01: The South West Khasi Hills District Badminton Association (SWKDBA) has held a meeting at the Indoor Hall Mawkyrwat to encourage 13 men and women badminton players from the SWKDBA. The 28th State Championship will be held in Nongstoin.
Therefore, in connection with this increasing power outage, the union also demands from the state government to address this problem faced by the people in Ri Bhoi, while the electricity bill “The residents have to pay every month,” he added.
"We hope to start a new game from tomorrow against Real Kashmir," he said.
Prof. Shukla said that the suspension of the strike will help the university to run smoothly and that it will be of benefit to the students after an agreement has been reached. implementation of the National Education Policy,
All government departments have been directed to comply with the directive and take strict action against those who violate the rules.
He said that this is no longer the time of regional differences, or division of the Jaitbynriew, but it is the time of unity to fight against the problems of the Jaitbynriew.
Latyrke and Mulait Utd have qualified for the final after winning the second leg semifinal of the Saipung Block Sports Association (SAA) on Saturday.
God only helps those who help themselves (who punish themselves).
“We have already sent a proposal for an allocation of T.30 crore through the PM-DeVINE in this regard,” the CM said in reply to a question. question inside the legislature.
According to Dr Mukul, any decision taken by the government will be based on the opinion of the people of the state.
At the same time, Jimmy Raul Kharmuti said that he has hope in the State Government even if it takes time but he is confident that they are still considering the Reservation Policy and will do the right thing in due course. , just as mother and father think for the welfare of their children and do not allow the love or share of their children to be lost, so does the Government which is As the parents, they shall consider and ensure that their children who are citizens of the State shall receive their share according to their rights without discrimination for the sake of the peace of the State. peace and development in the state of Meghalaya as a whole.
Shillong, Naiwieng 5: “I have not canceled the meeting with Lotha, let him set a date and place where we will meet,” said Rajaul Karim Laskar, Chairman of the Small Paid Committee. of the Congress party.
“Once you have gained trust, you don't lose food anymore,” advises the mother. The ability of her son to avoid those uncertain friends has pleased Kong Juban, who is old.
Several party leaders led by Vice President Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit have urged President Hoping Stone Lyngdoh to support Rev Basaiawmoit.
Nero's implementation of the law to census the population is similar to the panopticon of the fifteenth-century philosopher Jeremy Bentham.
In the midst of the incident before the Muslims brought Obe to the police station and also during the clash at the cycling area, Prakash said he tried to bring about an understanding between the However, he said that these Muslim groups are talking nonsense and don't respect him even though he is the Rangbah Shnong.
This was revealed by the MPUF through an RTI.
The program was enriched by a song and dance by the children of Lawei Baphyrnai Group Foster Home for Girls and Open Day Shelter.
First of all, Meghalaya lacks teachers who have received adequate training on how to teach and how to use these methods so that children can better understand teaching.
He applauded the State’s initiative promoting innovative practices in public service delivery.
The story is surprising and shocking when we see it in various media regarding the Mawlong Market.
No clarification has been received from the Election Commission on the allegation by the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma who said that he is sending an examination to his lawyers.
Kerlang Dkhar scored the first goal in the 50th minute.
“The SDSEO has expressed its satisfaction that we have submitted the report because the office will be able to take measures to better meet the needs of the students and the school as a whole,” he said. Bah Samkupar.
It is learned that as soon as the incident happened, people went to help rescue the Puh shilum, but because it was too late and which caused the youth to die from the snow. earth.
After the students failed to pay the fee, they robbed the mobile phones of the students including I phone 6, I phone 55 and a mobile phone. Nikon B5 Camera DSLR.
Tura, Iaiong 1 : Various civil society organizations in North Garo Hills have demanded that the government should set up a Food Processing Center which was established since the time of the Assam Government in Dainadubi should not be moved elsewhere.
The quick spread of the news of the eight MDCs joining the BJP, which has been in talks for two or three months, has thwarted the intention of other unnamed MDCs to join the party.
After the discovery of the money, the RKM management informed the police and the police handed over the money to the Directorate of Income Tax, Shillong for further investigation. this is the work.
The East Jaintia Hills District (EJNC) on Tuesday launched a Circle at Wapung to strengthen the working methods of the East Jaintia Hills District.
However, we have not received any complaints.
I told the incident to some people who were there and they took me to Rangjuli Police Station and then I informed Krishnai Police Station and then I informed my parents,” he said. fine.
I don't believe that there is an elderly person more than 10 years old than our beloved mother MERIMAI SYIEMLIEH who is now 102 + years old.
Assam won four gold, one silver and two bronze medals, while Arunachal won two gold, three silver and one bronze.
Wansuk was honored by the Governor of Meghalaya, RS Mooshahary today and he also honored her by planting a Maidenhair tree in the grounds of Raj Bhavan.
On the other hand, the former Mylliem Chief Minister also expressed his gratitude to the Ministry of Road and Transport of the Union Government and especially to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Secretary, Prestone Tynsong for agreeing to donate the These roads in the area were proposed by him during his tenure as the Chief Minister of the area.
At the meeting, a voice of concern was raised by the people who attended the meeting, in which they said that with the passing of the days, Assam has increasingly crossed the border with Meghalaya and especially in Khanapara, which is a village in danger if no one takes action to cross the border, as it is already close to Guwahati.
Senior Health Officers (who did not want to be named) said that out of the T.816 crore, the National Health Mission (NHM) has spent the highest amount of T.5 ,29,72,968 although it is the only Agency responsible for implementing the programs of the Central Government.
This is because the central and state governments are not willing to provide assistance to such colleges.
There is something behind this ban on the use of water that affects health and if there is nothing, why should they ban the use of water without any reason?
Onsides Gibbons beat Nongthymmai GC Scorpions in the U-7, U-9 and U-1
In this news you say to open shops why in Ummulong the shops are not allowed to open, the people who came from neighboring areas did not have the opportunity to buy food items on the 31st they lost everything.
On this occasion, the union found that the office provides training to many kinds of jobs for the youth to start their own businesses.
When she looked at him she felt so sorry for him and she saw how much he really loved her.
However, after following up with the residents and Ms Aitilang through RTI, they found that they had submitted a report that the public hearing had been communicated to the public on 22/11/2019 where the residents of Mawngaprim had been placed in the umdum because they did not say anything about the construction of the CC Road.
The Government has directed the district authorities together with the village officials to keep a census of those who have fled from Manipur to the State.
In Delhi, the number of cases has risen to 22,132 in the past 24 hours and the death toll has risen to
In West Jaintia Hills, there are six cases, four from Dulong and two high risk contacts.
He said that this is a very sad thing and the police should take action against these incidents because these crimes are not committed only by the members of the party. .
Shillong: U President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on Tuesday evening sent a letter to the National People's Party (NPP) Leader Conrad K Sangma to express his support to the NPP to form a government. new.
The 12 ministers of the MDA-2 government are Conrad K Sangma as the prime minister.
To prevent this, farmers around the world are looking for ways to store their rice at home or in the godown without damaging it.
“As St. Francis of Assisi prayed that God would make him an instrument of peace, love, forgiveness and other virtues, let us as the youth of the Church pray that we too will be instruments of peace in the society," he urged the youth.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The policeman who shot dead Bah Cherish on the morning of 13th July 2021, has confessed before the investigation that as soon as he entered the house of Bah Che in the darkness of the room, he I saw someone standing beside him and raising his hand.
shang-shi-sngap : to speak without hesitation.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Gigur Myrthong said that the assistance is only from himself as an MLA but he promised to take action to monitor and expedite the assistance from the government which comes through Mawshynrut C&RD Block. .
However, the CEM's claim is false, as after dismissing the 7 employees, he has appointed 12 employees and the cost of paying them has reached T.2 lakh man. a month, said Mr. Sumer.
He said he is ready to contest the 2018 MLA election from Mylliem constituency as an independent candidate and not from any party.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Ronnie said that the central government's requirement to allocate half of the cost of implementing the Smart City has created problems for the state government. don't have money to draw.
Traditional teachings are passed down from generation to generation and cannot be counted as dewthala.
Shillong, July 24: U MDC of Mawhati, Bah James Sylliang, today introduced a motion in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) regarding the discrimination against the Khasi residents of Block II. James said that the Khasi residents of Block II have turned into langknia and diengshaindoh due to the persecution by the insurgents.
Furthermore, at the time of electing the leaders, they should explain to the citizens to elect the rulers with understanding and understanding and not to expect personal gain in the form of money to pay so that the leaders They can serve the community better when the cost of elections is low because our rulers have a major role to play in formulating policies for the development of the country.
In the second half, both sides played hard and changed the style of play from the start.
On Monday, in Group A of Zone 1, Ri-Bhoi will face East Khasi Hills.
In the month of June 2014; on the 3rd, he meets 3 people, on the 4th alone, on the 5th 5; then after 8 days, he meets people again, on the 13th 5 people, on the 17th 2 people, on the 19th 4 people, then after a week, which is on the 25th he meets people alone and after 1 week, which is on October 3, u met 2 persons, on 4th, met 5, on 6th, met 1, on 11th 2 persons, on 12th October 2 persons and the highest number of meetings was on 13th October, which was , while on 14th October only one, on 19th October 5 and on 20th October 4 persons.
It was there that their souls were restored by the power of God.
Zechariah 12:10–13.
Government employees have been increased to T.300 from T.200 and also for non-government employees, T.1550 per two bedroom. she meets her head.
“Under the leadership of the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, we have pledged to work hard to develop and provide adequate facilities for sports in the state.
It is only when we have decided to elect such people who can lead the state to glory and fame and prosperity, that we will celebrate the 50th anniversary of the the state.
The French international's contract expires at the end of next season, along with the opportunity to continue. further extending the contract for an additional year.
Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the UDP in the state, was also present at the meeting. After that, the names of three party candidates, including Bah Bathok from Jirang, Bah Sunshine Makri from Umsning and Bah Baiahunlang Makdoh from Mawhati Constituency, were announced.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Control Marbaniang who has been a great supporter of Bah Bring in the past years while Babu Kular Khongjirem, Secretary of the BB Lyngdoh Memorial Committee, welcomed the audience.
In the Women's Singles, S Mukhim won the title.
This happens at the age of paid residents.
The village leaders said that three years ago, the leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People Rambrai Circle, had visited the hospital and had a chance to talk to the doctor. He said that the population of all the villages in the area under his jurisdiction has exceeded 20,000 cases.
The report said that these children left the house along with four other friends and went to the Umkhangrah River, behind the Heaven's Cove in Syntu Ksiar.
We also know that there has been a case on the Municipal election which has been going on for decades and there are many who do not like the words or ideas of the Municipal, but Shillong cannot stand without a Municipal election. The Urban Council is the head of the Urban Council.
"May God bless and enlighten our government.
We have set a target to conduct inspections in all four districts within the Council's jurisdiction,” said the EM of KHADC. .
Moodi said the ICAR has come to distribute piglets, some cows have received 2 or 3 chickens from one household, but some have died and the ICAR has come only once with the scientists. to explain.
The meeting also elected S. Chakraborty as Vice President.
Thank you Kong Irene Dkhar for the honor you have brought to the nation and the state as a whole. May God bless you and continue to grow in all aspects.
The reply of Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit on the border issue with Assam in the Legislative Assembly is an answer that the children of thousands should proclaim.
“According to our understanding, there is an intention to introduce the division and increase of constituencies through the Review Committee on Sixth Schedule to be introduced in this Dorbar Tlang of Parliament. “It will not cause any problems in the future,” said the President of the SNSNP, Bah Bantylli L.Narry.
“Ka Kong Agnes Kharshiing has not visited Klew village yet but she believes in the temptation of others who are against the village law,” said Bah Simon K. Mujat Rangbah Dong of Klew village. Ride.
Shillong: There have been 64 new cases of coronavirus in the state today.
He returned to India after two years playing for Western Sydney Wanderers in
Shillong, July 28 : The State Government has decided to recognize and settle social contracts with 12,000 households who have illegally set up houses on government land in two villages in Williamnagar, Balsrigittim and Warinagre, East Garo Hills. .
“As the authorities in charge of the villages, I request you that if you find or know anyone who has committed such acts as mentioned above please inform this office immediately and they will be punished according to the law. "said Kong Isawanda in the order she issued.
He said that this time the people of Shella constituency have turned against other parties especially the UDP which has been led by Dr. Donkupar Roy for 30 years but there has been no change in the constituency. .
With the presence of independent witnesses at the scene and with the assistance of copper cutters, the special lock was removed from the surrounding parts of the vehicle and 4135 pieces of wood were recovered. bottle of Phensedyl, and tested positive for codeine.
Some have lost their lives and some have been seriously injured.
Three military vehicles have been destroyed and many others have been injured in the fierce fighting in Ukraine.
Furthermore, Bah Rymbui said that the most important part of such incidents is that he requests and urges the relatives of those who are missing to inform immediately. Government authorities so that they can inform other Districts or States.
The co-ordinators or leaders also want the children to grow up from an early age in that good life as the book of Proverbs says, “Train up a child in the way he should go; When he is old, he will not be ashamed" (Proverbs 22:6).
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Metbah congratulated the office bearers of the party for their hard work and although the time is short, he is happy to be with them. together with new members and office bearers.
G.D, Scientist & OIC, NBPGR, Regional Station, Shillong, please attend.
When asked whether they have any intention to merge the party with the NPP, Lyngdoh said, “Who said that? There is nothing like it.
This year, it has received its full NABH recognition on 29th November
This is also the first game in which Ïawphñiaw will score his first hat-trick of the season.
The HYC leader strongly condemned the police for raiding the houses in these villages and said that it has never been heard in the history of Meghalaya to send 100 policemen. Up to 100 policemen have been sent to Langpih or Block I or Block II but to Nongsder to destroy only five houses.
In addition to killing Abu Saffay, US troops also captured his wife, Umm Sayyaf, according to the newspaper.
Faleiro said reports have shown that in some constituencies, Congress leaders have urged their supporters not to support the party candidate and this is very sad. until the head of the party is not far away.
Deputy Speaker, Legislative Assembly Timothy D Shira, Deputy Chief Minister Thomas A Sangma, Bajengdoba MLA Pongseng Marak, Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills Swapnil Tembe along with a large number of tourists from all over the country and the world.
On the same day, Padu United A (Amlarem Block) will play against Namdong Sports Club A (Laskeiñ Block).
The SP said that the child has been sent for examination by doctors and no report has been received.
The Chairman of the Celebration Committee, Rangbah Kyrshanbor Rynjah, has announced the various games for the celebration, said a statement sent by the Secretary of the Committee, Rangbah K.Kharwanlang.
The meeting explained about the mission launched by Meghalaya under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma.
Therefore, it is necessary for parents to monitor the diet and weight of their children for their well-being.
Members of the KSU have also spoken to the parents and relatives of this child who will leave Shillong this morning 22nd July hebride.
Dr. Lyngdoh said that police are still looking for information and will provide reports on the incident.
“Because of this, the KHADC officers will have time to meet the requirements of the CAG which is still counting the expenditure of the District Council. officers will also be able to provide the full budget,” said Bah Titos.
Before we say these reasonable words, we don't have to think carefully about whether these words we have spoken in public are really from the heart or from the mouth. to take advantage, to popularize or not to politicize, especially during elections.
Tea shops will be allowed to open, but no food will be allowed inside the shops.
If you choose healthy foods rich in protein and carbs as well as good fats, this will help you to concentrate. The following are some of the foods that will help you to concentrate: Green leafy vegetables and Rynsun : Both blueberries and rynsun are rich in Vitamin K, lutein, folate and beta carotene.
The new cases include EGH: 02, EJH: 03, EKH: 95, NGH: 02, RBD: 13, SGH: 00, SWGH: 03, SWKH: 01, WGH: 21, WJH: and WKH: 19.
“We will seek clarification from the Co-ordination Committee in which the Prime Minister will also be a member,” said Bah Lapang.
At the same time, he said that even the US currency will decline slowly and the time will come when the US will be overtaken and its reputation in other countries will be destroyed.
He said that Mawshut RCLP School is one of the schools which has been facing problems in the past years due to the overcrowding of classrooms and the increase in the number of students over the years. Schools find it difficult to enroll more children due to the condition of the school.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi District, RM Kurbah, has directed the Ribhoi District Health Department to take measures to prevent the spread of Covid-1 temperature scanning of foreigners entering Meghalaya from Ribhoi.
“You don't even know what you're doing, you've been shalai in this like shalai shyiap,” said the father.
Furthermore, the union congratulates the police for their efforts in searching and arresting these suspects.
He said there is a difference between the figures given in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly and the figures found through the RTI reply regarding the funds released by the central government for the fight against Covid-1
Nongpoh, Jymmang 24: The Ri Bhoi Students Union (RBSU) Bhoirym Bong Circle on Saturday raided the Shillong Long Bypass Road.
On the other hand, the DM urged the people to follow the rules of prevention by keeping a distance from each other and to keep clean by washing their hands several times a day. The government and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
This is not a Khasi woman, she is a foreigner. She has spoken against the Khasi people. I don't like to hear these words. She should apologize immediately. so all the organizations will be able to do this.
After this, Bah John F Kharshiing, Bah Ian Lyngdoh and some members of the msoa at his residence extended their condolences to the family members of the deceased. his.
Nongpoh, June 26: The MIT (Maharashtra Institute of Technology) Shillong has organized a seminar entitled “Design Connect” on the topic of “Career Opportunities in Design”. The ceremony will be held on 23rd June 2023 at Novotel Hotel in Guwahati.
Kerala has 140 constituencies.
Bah Renik urged the youth that through these tools, it will encourage and motivate them to become mysteries who work honestly and hard and not to wait only for government jobs but They should find ways and means how to start their own businesses and stand on their own feet by starting their own businesses to manufacture various products and it will be of help to themselves and to those people. who are genuinely eager to work through this mystery work.
“We will receive the letter from the Managing Director (MD) tomorrow which he has promised to send and we will hold a meeting on the letter,” said MCCLEU President Bah S Wahlang. and journalists after meeting with the MD in Shillong.
Farooq, a resident of Soalbari in Hojai, Assam, has been arrested by Assam police and has close ties to Kamar-uz-Zama, another member of the Assam police. He was arrested recently from Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh.
To know more exactly about the smooth running of the games, it is better to look through the media, because in the past there was no full facilities but now, everything has changed and the The Medal Tally was released only after the Games.
Among the worst affected countries is the United States. The death toll has risen to 22,1
Secretary Border Affairs and others.
On the other hand, Bah Sutnga said that it is time to prepare for the fight to the Supreme Court as the government has also violated the Six Schedule of the Council.
In addition, the storms and the changing weather conditions from time to time and the abundance of snowflakes cause the workers to rest and fatigue.
The owner is proud of himself, He doesn't have a lot of money, He doesn't see the healthy workers, He doesn't see the pla.
Plaintiffs and defendants must bring everything they have to win a case.
All matches will be played at the IG Stadium in Kohima.
Over the years, the growth and population of the Khasi Jaintia has been excessive and this special allocation system decided since 1972 has turned into a source of suffering for the youth of the Khasi-Jaintia people.
The Meteorological Department has forecast heavy rain in parts of the state tomorrow.
The Director of JHDS expressed his gratitude to all those who have been involved and supported in the construction of these two Iingbaduk.
Poor families of Phlongingkhaw village, which falls under Ummulong Beat House and Ialong village, which falls under Phramer Traffic Cell have received foodgrains and other food items from these police stations.
Mission POSHAN 2.0 is an Integrated Nutrition Support Programme.
This was concluded by the Waheh Village Council of Mynska.
The theme of this year's Chad Sukra is, “Trust in the will of God, do not increase what you have already done on Earth”, which means Trust in the will of God, as you have already done. On the second day, a meeting was held at Myngkoi Pyrdi of Loompyrdi Iongpiah, Jowai and traditional dances were performed by the residents of Panaliar, Dulong, Loompyrdi Iongpiah, Jowai. Tpeppale, Loomiongkjam, Chilliangraij, Loomkyrwiang, Umchangiar and others.
Nongpoh, June 05 : After the success of the two-day Inter House Athletic Sports Meet of the Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, the tournament has come to an end. The day after the participation of the students in various sports to develop the skills of the students who will prepare again to take part in the Inter School Athletic Meet to be held soon in the District.
All three Dr Mukul, Zenith and Deborah had contested the MP election from Tura but lost.
Most of these women who joined the NPP are strong supporters of the UDP, Congress, MCPC and other parties.
To protest against this, the District Leaders led by the General Secretary, Bah Kenny Nongrum and the Vice President, Bah Elvis Kyrsian today held a meeting at Umtrew, Umsning and also decided to leave all the District Leaders as well as the Unit and Area Leaders of HITO in Ri-Bhoi District.
Speaking to reporters in Shillong, Bah Marbatstar Kharbyngar said that the residents of Smit have alleged that the Syiem of Hima Khyrim has announced his decision to hold the election after seeing the election. that many of the people want to elect a new sordar in the dorbar shnong on that day.
Members of KSU Jalaphet Unit, Waheh Shnong of Jalaphet Bri Sumer Ma Wom Chyrmang, President of KSU Khliehriat Circle SS Niangti and President Emmon Chyrmang were present at the distribution.
The Mowkaiaw Presbytery together with the office of the District Social Welfare Officer, Jowai held a race and public hearing on the 22nd July.
Shillong, March 14: To prevent the spread of illegal drug trafficking especially during these three days declared as drug trafficking days, the state police have conducted a raid in several places. that there be no disturbances in the song of peace.
He criticized the party for the prevalence of corruption, saying that those who have looted the money of the poor will not escape the hands of the law.
The NLCN leader has been identified as the self-styled Area Commander of East Khasi Hills District.
He added that this is after seeing the settlement of the border between Assam and Meghalaya in the first phase, in which we have submitted a petition, because we want and desire. that these 18 villages have also been transferred to Assam”.
However, now their anger against the Minister has reached the point where they have threatened to go to the gate tomorrow to enter the house of her mother in Laitumkhrah.
What I am asking is about spending time and energy on one subject.
In this regard, the HNYF 20Mer Circle, has demanded that the government should immediately remove the CRPF personnel, who are on duty in the village, as the presence of these CRPF personnel has caused trouble. “There is a lot of trouble for the women and children in the village,” he added.
Then some of these people called one of the children whose mother had fallen to the ground.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr Kharlukhi congratulated the MLA for trying to create the mechanisms to get the funds from the NEC for the development of the area and especially the read books.
They were included, they were accused, but they didn't go outside to work or study.
And God said unto Moses, Take this rod in thine hand, wherewith thou shalt do signs.
It is worth mentioning that these women who have been awarded have completed a 1 month training on how to make and produce various types of ashar with the hope that they will be able to stand on their own. Through this training programme, it has been of great benefit to the women to improve in the field of ashar production as a source of employment and income, as ashar is one of the most popular and widely used foods in India.
“It is true that Kennedy will join the NPP,” said the Congress and NPP leaders. NPP who did not want to be named.
Inter Milan will prepare for their fourth Champions League final against Premier League and FA Cup champions Manchester City on Saturday night in Istanbul.
In the middle of the tenure of Adelbert Nongrum, two independent MDCs, Grace and James Sylliang, have secretly invited the two groups. Two of them have lost their spirits because they have left the PDF at that time even Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem CEM who is now a member of the PDF has been talking. These two candidates have fled to the ARPA, but in the end they have returned to the PDF and especially with the arrival of MDC Gabriel Wahlang, the PDF has gained power. and received many paid and it has lasted until now.
Mawkyrwat, July 22: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKJGP) today celebrated the birth anniversary of Thomas Junes. , has ordered the closure of the offices in Mawsynram C&RD Block.
The Minister also directed the Chief Secretary Santhi Kumari to take steps to provide financial assistance of T.3 lakh to those who should receive assistance for the construction of houses in places allocated for them.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly also informed that there are cases when the Presiding Officer talks in office with the leaders of both the ruling and opposition parties with the intention of resolving any issues. to bring together all the parties involved.
Odisha managed to score their first goal before the end of the first half.
Lyngdoh said that when there are owners, they should work with the owners, and she doesn't allow anyone here but she wants to sit in the middle and wants to know what they want to talk about. I don't know if they don't need MLAs and the election is over and politics should have ended, how did the election go who voted where, who I don't know who to support but I am an MLA elected by the people and if you have any views talk to them”“Don't act like you are one of the powers that can't escape from that power all.
He called on the MLA to provide assistance during the pandemic, without discrimination, the MLA has implemented the scheme properly as the leader of the area.
Fast and furious killed.
Shillong: Who knows whether the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, has sung the song 'Summer of It is also a video that has spread through social media.
Meghalaya has the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo ethnic groups.
The spread of the Bible makes the west strong because they understand it to build a strong foundation that is marriage.
The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RIF) is one of the organizations that serves not only for the welfare and development of the people of Ri Bhoi. The aim of the organization is to produce more students who have passed the examination so that they can become responsible for carrying the burden of the country. This is the view of the people of Ri Bhoi District.
The incident happened on Tuesday at 12:05 pm while Dr. Buam was on his way to fish in the Lakroh River on the Bangladesh border and 2 kilometers from Muktapur. Muktapur-Jaliakhola which falls within the BSF border.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 138 new cases have been confirmed and 1913 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
The residents of 110 households have appealed to the courts against the decision of the BMC. There are about 9 cases pending with the Technical Advisory Committee ( TAC) of the BMC.Out of the 29 unsafe households in K West, the BMC has been able to relocate only five households.
Meanwhile, according to a statement received from the Global Commission on Drug Policy in Geneva, on Monday officials of the agency said Tangaraju had nothing to do with the alleged involvement. Therefore, if Singapore continues to take this decision in recent years, it will take the wrong life of an innocent person.
However, the shocking news is that UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy has told several media outlets that the party will stand firm to demand the replacement of the ARPA leadership, although he does not want to dissolve the party. .
Shillong: The Sacred Heart Parish on Tuesday honored the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, the Minister of Home Affairs, James K Sangma and the Shabuk of the State Government, Agatha K. Sangma. Sangma at a meeting held today in Tura.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Delhi 2-1 in the BC Roy Trophy today.
Samla Kharkamni said that the KSU strongly condemns the KPLT members for shooting at a puh shilum in Umlaper village one day before the polling day. (JCB) at 8 pm to intimidate the people not to go to Meghalaya to vote for the Lok Sabha elections.
Bah Sanbor said that this market is the food plate of the entire Laban raid.
In the past few months, many leaders especially the MDCs of KHADC, have left their parties and joined the NPP to contest the MLA elections in in the year
On the part of the chief guest, Justice Lyngdoh, while speaking, congratulated the officials of Panaliar Village for organizing such a football tournament. competition until the goal of victory is achieved, conveying that in the struggle there will always be winners and losers.
They said that this is the first time that the election for the Sordar of Smit has been held by shut hep vote in the village.
Even your salary has to be increased,” said the father.
“It is our goal as teachers to provide good education,” he said.
“He wants to say that the indigenous people of this state were once Hindus who were later converted to Christianity and he also wants to create division among the indigenous peoples of the state. this state through your speech".
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday postponed the hearing of the case to July
The captain of the team, Kishan Lyngdoh, scored 268 runs and became the first Meghalayan to score two centuries in the Ranji Trophy against to Arunachal Pradesh.
“It is true that although the Supreme Court of India has issued an order to reopen coal mining in the state, it has also set the rules for the resumption of coal mining. “It's a good idea to mine coal in the state,” he added.
“If they dare to say that they will not listen to the implementation of the roster system, after we have taken this step to implement the strike, don't think that Bah Ardent will be strike for only one or two days, until you finish, that's what I want to tell you,” said Bah Ardent at the public meeting.
On the other hand, the party has promised to launch a scheme called “Ka Phan Nonglait” for women in which T 50,000 will be given to all those who give birth to girls and women. The government will support education from class KG to Post Graduation, scooty will be provided to girls who pass well in class 12 who come from low income families, 33% of the jobs in government departments will also be allocated for them.
“This attitude of waiting only for the Government of India has led many to insult the state and the Ministers that they are just ball carriers to collect from Delhi,” she said.
Because of the desire to prove that the nation should not be destroyed, or despised by others, or even by other nations, he did not hesitate to destroy himself by suffering, forty or even losing his nation. life before you paid not good church.
However, the voice on the other hand, said that there is no need to go to Delhi because once approved by the House (Assembly), it is the responsibility of the MDA, the government party. direct the State Government and the Assembly Secretariat to follow up on these important issues.
The people of Meghalaya in Shillong and Tura constituencies have already cast their votes on 19th June
He was accompanied by B Giri, a member of the commission.
Recalling Modi's words, Rahul said, “Mitron (friend, don't call me prime minister, but showkiar) and showkidar, bought a plane worth Rs 526 crore, in 1,600 crore and the showkidar has put another Rs 30,000 crore in Anil Ambani's plan and last night the showkidar has sacked the director of the CBI, as the CBI has started investigation. on the purchase of Rafael aircraft".
Cucumbers: Broccoli, cabbage are the types of vegetables that can increase longevity.
Those present at the meeting included four Ministers of the Government of Manipur accompanied by N Biren Singh, MP Rajya Sabha.
During this month alone, many shops in Siejlieh, Nongstoiñ market, and other places have been looted.
When you’re sober, try talking to family members or friends who care about you.
The PFR Football Academy invites all the youth of Ri Bhoi District to join the tournament which will be held at Sumer Umbang on the 13th of June. .
A court in Pakistan's Punjab province has sentenced a teacher to death for his involvement in the murder of two boys in the past.
She said that as there are areas under the jurisdiction of the District Council, the department together with the KHADC have thought it would be better for them to work together on this issue.
He said that there has been no railway issue and it is the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma who has said that if these laws are implemented, they will be able to take action. wan the railroad.
“As the management of the MCA, we trust and hope that this team will become players because they have become talented.
“Such statements are only a misleading statement, but the people are now smarter than the leader. You see in Delhi the NDA led by the BJP has already come to power but what has happened? “The people don't follow the BJP but they follow the Aaam Aadmi Party led by Arvind Kejriwal.
It also promised to allocate Rs 200 crore for the maintenance and improvement of places of worship, churches and shrines in the state.
They have not yet paid the monthly allowances of the disabled, the elderly, single mothers and the forced suspension of the health insurance scheme for the people of the state”.
On the other hand, Bah Charles Marngar congratulated the Union for taking the initiative and also the CEM of KHADC for being able to reach the area which has been suffering for a long time. The CEM has now visited the area.
The rainfall will be heaviest between July 28 and 30, the statement said.
Other speakers on the occasion included the Deputy Commissioner, Bah W. Nongsiej and the District Transport Officer, Bah W. Makdoh.
Meena said the cases pending in the District Council Court have not been brought under the POSCOAct but have been treated as other cases under Sections 375 and 376 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
The ultimate impact will be the introduction of food shortages in the world.
And the State University, believe me, has not been established for another 10 years.
Therefore, it is necessary to sign players in order to bring change in this transfer season.
The KHADC on 20th November 2023, passed an Official Resolution to demand from the Central Government to Amend the Constitution (Scheduled Tribes) Order, Schedule Tribes (ST) from other States to benefit as citizens.
Surveys have shown that the plastics and recycling industries open up a lot of opportunities for the economy and that the country is already laying the groundwork to participate in this.
The internationalization of higher education was also reviewed.
He said that the relationship with anyone is not for personal gain and does not mean that the relationship with Conrad Sangma or Metbah Lyngdoh will go away and he is not the one who can deceive.
Achieving the target of reducing solid waste generation by 33% – 35% compared to 2005, India is the only G-20 country and developed economy to increase the The temperature is less than 2 degrees.
On this occasion, Ma Pala also explained the issues and objectives of the MP election 2024 which are to turn first to the farmers through adequate agriculture, to help the women, to help the to the young men, and others.
Police have arrested two persons involved in the smuggling of marijuana from Agartala to Bihar. They are Dharanveer (33) from Mail, Bihar and Prince. Ray (18), who is from Bihar.
The military operation in the area continues to prevent foreign infiltration.
However, we cannot see why the world can improve on this disease. On the one hand, if we think carefully, what is the exact reason for God's permission of such evil? cold weather.
" And he saw the sword that sat on his throne.
Similarly, the Panchhnama, which is on the first page of the case file, should be written properly, and exactly at the place of arrest, from the date, time, place, which will be read carefully in Court. Panchas should be clear-minded, and should not be called here and there, and those in charge of village affairs should be qualified to be Panchas.
However, it was said that due to the strong wind, not a single item could be collected.
Nongpoh, June 28: The driver of a commercial vehicle and several passengers were injured when the commercial vehicle collided with a truck. The road on NH-6 and under Umiam village has been damaged.
“If this is the case, we will be punished by the high paid.
He said that when he brought up the issue in the Legislative Assembly, the ruling MLAs in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government and government ministers They accused him of doing things according to his own heart and not according to wisdom.
"“ We have produced a young man to contest, but it is up to the people whether they will express their appreciation for the work of the party in this constituency. and development projects,” said the President.
The issues put forward include improvement of schools and colleges, agriculture, banks, government offices, improvement of PHCs and sub centers and others.
Has the Government not yet changed the procedures relating to the vaccination on 1st January, to send income and to relieve the financial burden on the States? “It's not like we're going to be able to do anything,” said Marak.
The Dorbar Shnong Tympang said, “We all know that the spread of COVID-19 is due to human contact and to eradicate this disease, we request everyone to join hands with the government to fight against this disease. insects and to protect themselves.
Furthermore, after returning from the inspection centre, the NADC also held a meeting to discuss other projects in the area which are still pending.
Khatarshnong Block won the men's category by beating Mawlai Block 4-3 in a tie breaker.
The Seng as it stands for the students and to promote education gives through this award to encourage and encourage because through hard work it will bring the fruits of victory and glory to the community especially Robin N. Nongrem, Education Secretary, KSU Mairang Circle, said in a statement.
“What we have now is only the house where we live, and the juti shop which has been closed down until now,” said the brother of Rahim's three children who have suffered from a serious illness. to send care.
The MDCs who attended the meeting were Teilinia Thangkhiew MDC of Mylliem, Deputy CEM, Teinwell Dkhar MDC of Shella, Chairman of KHADC, James. MDC from Mawhati, Jansing Tynsong MDC from Langkyrdem Constituency, Manstudy Nongrem MDC from Langrin, LG Nongsiej MDC from Nongstoin, Grace Mary Kharpuri MDC from Mawhati. Nongshken, MDC from Sohra, Adelbert Nongrum MDC from Jaiaw Constituency, Lamphrang Blah MDC from Mawphlang-Diengiei and Victor Ranee MDC from Jirang.
“You are a fortunate area because you have been fighting for more than 20 years, but now this time it has succeeded and it is always the cooperation of the village leaders and the residents to implement development works. distribute to the country and the region"
A team of Assam Police from Mokoilum has come to search the residents of Psiar and has stopped the construction of the Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyan (RMSA) school, funded by the Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India. The school was closed in secondary school on Tuesday.
However, the goals failed until the end of the 90 minutes which led to the team beating Croatia 1-0 at home.
However, in Jaintia Hills, the same is true.
Many of the day laborers who have applied and registered for the assistance of 1000 and 700 tyngka have been rejected. We request the government to take action on them too.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) will nominate a new candidate for the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong Parliamentary constituency in
Therefore, in the next few days, they will meet with the Executive Engineer of the PWD department, to request him to assist in the cleaning of the landslide along the road.
This opens the way for them to find order in their pursuit of knowledge and work.
Research by NESFAS and from the feedback they have received, it is clear that this will preserve the original seeds.
According to Rupang, it is clear that NHIDCL has not yet received a contractor for the implementation of package IV and package V and the construction of these areas under Pynursla. , you're still shimpor slem.
The KHADC has decided to meet with Minister Dohling next month to get clear and accurate information from the State Government on the Building Act. Meghalaya Building Bye Laws, 2011.
The audition for this competition will be held on the 25th July 2020 at Youth Hostel, Lashumier Shillong at 2:00 pm.
In this pandemic of covid, Which has spread like a tit;
Throughout the day, the elders and residents of these villages, praised Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, saying that it is through his hard work, that these villages have been able to achieve their goals. They will get these roads and especially since they are villages that have never seen colored roads before.
The rules laid down by the government are that there should be only one member of a household. Members should go to the Entrepreneur Facilitation Centers (EFCs) to get the The NGO, Chankilang Society, which is involved in this programme, will assist the farmers. Another condition is that it is necessary to understand that the villages which are not already under the LAMP scheme will no longer receive the form. The benefits of the FOCUS scheme, after the completion of all the works, the funds allocated for the Producer Groups (PGs) will come.
Speaking to Rupang , one of the Rangbah Shnongs of Pomshutia , Bah Ksanbor Khongsit , said that in the incident , all the belongings inside the house were destroyed. 'It's not even a plate or a pela,' said Bah Ksanbor.
The Syiem of Sohra Hima has written to the Superintendent of Majai Land Custom Station regarding the indefinite closure of the Umdud-Zero Point road. Hills to collect fees is in violation of the temporary order of the Meghalaya High Court which allowed the Hima to collect T.200 per vehicle when using the road from Umdud to Zero Point. improve this road.
Regarding the Syiem of Raid Marwet, the CEM said that many complaints have been received by the Council against the Syiem and today there were groups and Rangbah Shnongs from the Raid Marwet department who brought the complaints. The complaint against the Syiem of Raid Marwet, we are still considering and we will take a decision.
The low rate of girls’ school attendance has decreased over time.
Below are some of the symbols of thought that we would like to share with you so that you can think, think and justify before you vote for your precious vote in the 2023 MLA election. :- What is the purpose of the election of Nongthawaiñ and Nongsynshar? The Constitution of India gives us the people the power to decide the bright future of the country and the State in the next five years.
“The UDP does not want to expand to other states or parts of India like the NPP and even if we end up in Khanapara there is no difference,” said Bah Alan. It ends only in Khanapara and there is no need to go to other parts of India, because the UDP is serving its own state.
One of them is at Shibbari in South Garo Hills, bordering Bhulyapara, Bangladesh.
The Congress has announced that it will hold a mass protest across India on 24th November
Hussain said that if these provisions of the National Housing Strategy Act and the Accessible Canada Act are implemented, they will help curb the illegal entry and exploitation of refugees.
We strongly request the traffic police not to hold no entry as they please, but to ensure a suitable place for the cleanliness and safety of the people. I don't know why, but I'm sure it's true.
Shillong: Tourist taxis from Guwahati, have decided to cancel their strike to Shillong from tomorrow, as peace and order has returned to the city, according to reports.
“I would like to criticize the government that this land belongs to the people and in the previous figures the government said only 184 people of which 128 are employees of SMB and 28 are from other departments. to relocate to the quarter of SMB but the question is that the number of SMBs has increased to 342 which means 158 people. 2.29 square KM of land in Khanapara has gone to Assam in the border settlement in the 6th century. land in the first phase and now another 1.4 acres has been allocated to those Harijans, the blame will go to MDA 1 and MDA 2, and the allocation of land to these Harijans is theirs and only government employees, " said Mr. Nongrum.
During the investigation, the causes of the explosion have been identified and police, who specialize in investigating bomb blasts, are monitoring the incident.
As soon as he reached the mountain, he immediately began the work he had planned.
The movement chart should be prepared in consultation with the Superintendent of Police or SDPO. Superintendent of Police or SDPO and must obtain permission from the SP or SDPO to use vehicles on the day of the ceremony.
KSU Sengkmie Organizing Secretary Ostranic Marbaniang and other members of the KSU have visited Lawusib, Rynjah, ITI, Thembasuk and Mawblei areas.
“We have decided to condemn the actions of Assam, it has caused discontent among the people and will also cause damage.
Shillong, Naitung 18: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, while acknowledging that the Khasi and Garo minorities are at risk from the illegal influx of foreigners, said that the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo are the agents to destroy other ethnic groups.
Even now, even if they cut only a tin, it has affected them so much that they have to go upstairs, which means that many people don't know, because it is farther away from the Motphran road.
The topics of discussion in the dorbar were primarily to announce the proceedings of the last annual meeting, to discuss the General Report of the Secretary, the report of the Secretary of the Integrated Cooperative Society, the reports of the various Sub-Committees including the report of the Development Sub-Committee, the report of the Vigilant Committee, the Auditors' Report, the report of the Finance Secretary and to take decisions.
He said the sports policy also mentions the Talent Identification Program which started in November 2022 in which about 4600 candidates were tested and out of these about 200 candidates were selected who performed well in four categories. The Sports Department and the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) have prepared special training sessions for these 200 players which will start soon as part of the development of these youths.
Referring to the appointment of Vincent H. Pala as President of the MPCC, Pyngrope said it was the decision of the AICC. The Congress party in the state wants change, now it has got it, we have not said that we want change and change should be through this or that”.
His election will be a great benefit to the MBA and the state as a whole especially as the state has set a target to host the National Games in
Three other people in the car were injured.
Most of them are ATC or Air Tower Control for Boeing and Airbus.
After being arrested by the police, the robbers went to Baghmara and requested the church leaders and local leaders to surrender to the police, Mishra said.
And now we see that things are near the end.
The dead ULFA cadre was identified as Dharma Kanta Rai, known to the GNLA as Garo Cham Pa.
He said that two of the Congress MLAs are members of the Regional Committees set up by the MDA Government as part of the resolution of the border dispute.
That night was like a feast because many kinds of food her mother's friend had brought to eat.
This was announced by the Union of Cooks cum Assistants PM POSHAN Meghalaya, Shillong on 23rd November.
Furthermore, the aim is to make Meghalaya an investment-friendly state and also to develop and empower the youth in education and good behavior so that they can become responsible for the future. to have respect for gender and to have no discrimination.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Finance Secretary of the KSU Thyllaw Border Unit, Bah W Dopri, on Tuesday said that he has resigned from the party without any reason, but for personal reasons. and that others should be able to work for the sake of the party, the village, the region and the nation as a whole.
Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat today held a march on the ground floor of the school as part of the 'Maharam Government Higher Secondary School' World No Tobacco Day 2022' was organized by the National Health Mission on the theme, “Tobacco vs Environment”.
He also asked why the Government should allocate more than 1.4 acres because the SMB employees have been relocated and if there are still employees from other Government departments, why should they move to their quarters? take responsibility.
They were identified as Mohamed Mamun Rashid, 25, Wasikul, 20, Mir Kasim, 20, of Chapainawabganj district and Siyam Sheik, 21, of Rajsai district.
Thabah recalled that the KSU has been opposed to this issue since 2012, but the state government has not been able to reach an agreement with the central government on this issue.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 16: East Jaintia Hills District Police, after receiving a tip last night that some people came from Assam carrying drugs, have arrested ANTF police in collaboration with the East Jaintia Hills District. Police of Khliehriat Police Station conducted a raid on National Highway-6 near Khliehriat Police Station and arrested several persons carrying heroin at 2 pm this morning. back.
He said the government has already appointed a judicial inquiry headed by Justice T Vaiphei.
The union demanded to expedite the distribution of relief to the farmers whose crops have been damaged by natural disasters, to increase the amount of relief and to expedite the distribution of relief to the farmers during the fine.
The protesters said that the National Highway NH-62 is the source of Karukol village.
The shooting tournament will be held in collaboration with the National Rifle Association of India and with the support of the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya.
After the heavy rain and cold weather in RiBhoi District on 8th June 2020 and Nartiang on 11th June 2020, heavy rain and cold weather has hit Laitlyngkot area today. .
In the match on Saturday at the MFA Stadium, Polo, Shillong, the match between the two teams was very strong and until the end of the first half no goal was scored.
During this election, there were special measures against drugs.
When asked whether LG Nongsiej was expelled alone or whether there were friends who used to be in his hands and feet who were expelled from the party, he said, “Yes, they expelled me alone. However, my fellow supporters who used to be in charge of the party have been dismissed, they have not been included in the list of office bearers, I know that there are those who are more intelligent than them to be Primary Unit leaders, “I don't know anymore,” said LG Nongsiej. Now it has become clear that LG Nongsiej is no longer a member of the HSPDP. Rupang asked him whether he will join any party. “It's not like we're going to join any party until now,” he said with a smile.
Therefore, the group wants the central government through the Ministry of Home Affairs to stop such acts of exploitation of Christians completely, so that they can allow freedom of faith.
When asked about the unemployed coal, Dr. Mukul Sangma said that there are coal which have already been mined but the owner is unknown. They sent investigators, after the investigation was completed, they sent to measure the coal and officers were sent to lodge an FIR. owners.
This was announced by the Chairman of the Land Port Authority of India (LPAI) Aditya Mishra on Friday after visiting the Sabroom area.
In Pool-A, Mulang, Dulong, Sailung Along and Shangpung will win.
It is produced by Keebor ATK Kurbah and directed by Roping Lawriniang.
Explaining about the introduction of the vacant land, the leader of Dear Lotteries, said that the introduction of the vacant land in the area, will bring benefits to the state, because through this vacancy, it will generate a lot of revenue for the state.
On the final day, the M.S&CC also honored the students of Mawshun who have passed well in various examinations this year from matriculation to above, said a statement from Bah Pynskhemlang K. Mawshun. Masynting, Secretary of Mawshun Sports & Cultural Club.
If our country is in the wilderness or in the desert, will anyone come to fight against us? What did they come for? This destruction has not stopped until now in this country of ours, why do we have a wealth that will never run out, we have a clean sky like water, we have good and gentle people like them. paro, we also have people who are blind without knowing their own culture, and so on, which makes it easier for those sheep dressed in sheep's clothing to do whatever they want in that area where we are.
The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, said that the items seized from the house include a pistol, several galatin sticks, detonators, ignition fuses and HNLC flags. HNLC leaders from Bangladesh have ordered members of the Sleeper Cell to blow up bombs in Shillong and Nongpoh.
Lawyerson said that in recent days, police and BSF chiefs in the state have had to hold a meeting to discuss the issue of cattle smuggling and the letter of the meeting has been issued. If only 5 trucks a day are smuggled to Bangladesh, each truck carries 24 to 26 cows which means 120 to 130 cows a day.
At the same time, the HYC has urged the Ri Bhoi Police to investigate and arrest the suspect, who has dared to escape from the hands of the police and is still on the run. Until these days, the union itself feels that this robber has committed this crime, which has led him to escape from the hands of the police.
The meeting was attended by state ministers, government officials and a two minute silence was held in honor of the late leader.
He said that many of the people feel that this elderly man who has a high level of talent and knowledge at the same time who has contributed a lot and has been in the service of the people for many decades should be allowed to leave. to advocate for the cause of the people in the Rajya Sabha.
He did not specify whether this troubled group existed or kept another name for itself.
In the first half, they drew 1-1 and had to go to penalties after failing to win the title even after the extension.
Go to Mawkynrew, Jongksha, Thangsning and you will find an office and if you choose others you have to go to Jaïaw or Smit.
The final between these schools will be played on Tuesday.
The meeting was held at the SSA headquarters at the SSA Stadium, First Ground, Polo.
He said this decision was taken after consultation with many civil society groups, religious leaders and seeing the opposition from many people on this bill.
However, no one expected that in 2020, there will be a pandemic.
HITo East Jaintia Hills has lodged a complaint against these two employees.
“The Government should issue a notice to avoid any misunderstandings and that all cases against the indigenous people should be heard by the Kashari District Council.
The MP elections will be held this year in June.
This has been going on for a few months now.
This shows the degradation and inferiority of the king who is willing to use force as he pleases the people because he should not do so.
When asked whether the plan to complete the construction of the dorbar hall before the session of the dorbar synrai, the Lamphang said that this will not happen if someone else comes to work. man too.
The case was investigated by SI Subir Sangma.
Marak said the selection of candidates for the Legislative Assembly elections has progressed.
At the same time, he said that the Sengbhalang would like to thank the people and especially the government employees who were willing to join hands with the Sengbhalang during their protests to force the The government should immediately implement the ILP in the state.
“It is necessary to have signs in front of the police stations or prisons to know about this,” he said.
HDR Lyngdoh has been nominated as the Congress candidate for the 2018 MLA election by Samlin Malngiang of the HSPDP. head of the country and the nation.
Until today, many ATMs have been empty and closed due to lack of money.
Shillong, July 19: The residents of Mawphlang have alleged that there was an attempt to destroy the law kyn only in Mawphlang during the preparations for the Tera Madre International Slow Food Festival. long h u November this month.
“But I leave it to the decision of my supporters whether I contest as an independent candidate or from any party,” she said. state.
The arrest of these two persons was made after a close investigation by the police, as they were suspected of being involved in the smuggling of counterfeit money. Police have arrested these two men and seized the counterfeit money worth T.3 crore.
Ripun Bora, in his speech, said, “Assam has been shocked by the looting of the BJP government from petrol tax and these days, the BJP's violent activities have ended. , with the participation of the people of the state, to unite with the Congress party"
Hamsniawpher Suchiang, Community Facilitator in her speech said that she hopes that the ADB walk is to teach the youth to understand the richness of nature and to instill in them the spirit of love for nature. saswdong county.
On this occasion, the NSS unit conducted a Drawing and Painting Competition on the theme “Beat Plastic Pollution” and tree planting along with the Pledge to protect the environment.
A 59-year-old man from northeastern Kentucky in the United States has died after being bitten by a bee in the past few days.
“Because the accused has sent an affidavit and the previous order found that the accused (including Bah Adelbert and HYC leaders) have sent an explanation through an affidavit, therefore, it will not be take no more punishment for this matter.
Motphran is a monument to the heroes of the 26th Khasi Labor Corps who took up arms and fought as foreign troops during the First World War. .
jidik-pa-khyndiat : to be able to speak, to be able to speak, to be able to do something.
“This has never happened, the government is still examining their demands.
They are from Mukhaialong village.
Smt Silse G Momin, A Wanisha War, M Basaiawmoit.
Now, the MDA 2.0 government has decided to set up a State University or a university of the state government so that the students don't have to sit for the CUET. The government should allow them to sit for various examinations and compete with other youth so that they can study in the best Central Universities in the country.
Speaking at the meeting, GSMC Leader Nikman Ch Marak said that the support for the demand for Garoland from all over Garo Hills and the participation of Nokma, Village Leaders, Laskar and The Sengbhalang is a sign of their support for the separation of Meghalaya.
However, the Government has never used force and has chosen the path of dialogue to resolve their issues.
After the lockdown in Delhi, it is now time to close the doors and lockdowns and the reason is because it is time for people to come and go. hiar thma is located in this State.
On this basis, the KSU urges all Khasi MLAs to oppose the government's backwardness of the roster system and demand its prospective implementation.
Shillong, November 07: “If we are not allowed to sell land, we will be shot dead”, said the land sellers of Motphran area after being harassed several times in these days by the district authorities. of East Khasi Hills.
For Your glory, Amen.
On this occasion, BAM also honored the Kickboxing Tournament at Dayanand Bandodkar Stadium, Mapusa, Goa, which was held from 26th to 29th July WAKO India Seniors & Masters National Kickboxing Championship
After completing the training, they were sent to Hyderabad to work at Aurobindo Pharma, but when they worked, they were cheated because the salary promised to pay T.10,000 per month but they paid only 2, 4 and 6 thousand per month.
From there, the children of the Raij took the 'Khnong Blai' to Madan Moosyiem where the Pator handed over the kiad to Kñi Nikhla to complete the Thanksgiving ceremony. Behdeiñkhlam 2022 will be held at the Syiem Aitnar Pond as well as the Symbood Khnong and the 'Khnong Blai' at Aitnar.
This way of thinking is very wrong and does not fit at all. Before we look down on others, we must ask ourselves.
The months of treatment were precious times and I had the opportunity to think, ask and shape myself and the things I wanted to do.
Speaking to a media outlet, the singer expressed his happiness to be able to take part in one of the biggest festivals in Meghalaya, saying, “I am excited to take part for the first time. first in one of the biggest festivals in Meghalaya.
“This is very difficult for me this time because I haven't been able to bring in players to strengthen the team, but I will try to improve this team so that it can reach the goal because the club is still allow me to bring in players from out of state.
In the past three years, Meghalaya has received many awards from the Central Government and foreign organizations in the field of health. It is a very exciting time because so much has been achieved in the last five years,” concluded James.
Besides the Army, the Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) and the National Disaster Relief Force (NDRF) have also been involved in the construction of new roads in the area. they shall be delivered, and shall walk.
Sometimes it seems that we have all become slow and eager to listen or that we have closed our ears.
He encouraged the farmers to take up cattle breeding as an opportunity to create jobs and meet the demand for milk in the state.
Regarding the health sector in the state, she said that this is a golden opportunity for her to look after and take action on health and especially for women and children.
Food is the most important part of the human body and without food we cannot live.
Sub Inspector of Police, Jowai Police Station, passed away on 19/04/2
This game should no longer be called Ludu but should be called Magic.
GS Central Body in the presence of Bah Wanshai Syiemsad, Finance Secretary Bah C. Lyngdoh.
The finalists of the tournament include Iewrynghep Presbyterian Sec School in the U-17 category (Girls), Umpohliew Presbyterian Sec School in the U-17 category; H. Elias Memorial Higher Sec School in the U-14 (Boys) and St. Anthony's Higher Sec School in the U-17 (Boys) category.
It also teaches that “the dignity of a Christian and a Christian lies in righteous work and in receiving the remuneration related to that work”. not to be greedy, not to be jealous, not to take advantage of the wicked, not to be greedy for gain.
Bengal, who are third in Group C, managed to score in 18.1 overs for the loss of one wicket.
He said that when they leave, the people are supporting the Congress and therefore the party is ready to work hard to prepare well for the upcoming MP elections as directed by the AICC. He said that the High Command of the Congress has set up a screening committee to select the candidates and a committee to liaise with the parties in the INDIA Block. chess and parties are not present.
The Election Commission said that the goal of the MPF is to ensure that the elections are clean and free from such violations. model code of conduct in the state of Mizoram.
Prestone has already spoken to the North Shillong MLA today.
UDP YW State Secretary Prosper Dorphang, UDP YW State Secretary Rajes Lapang, UDP YW Vice President, Ri Bhoi District, Richard Moksha, UDP YW Vice President, Ri Bhoi District, Johny Marbaniang Finance Secretary UDP YW Ri Bhoi District, Pril Sten Sports Secretary UDP YW Ri Bhoi District, Moonstar Jaraiñ Asst Secretary Sports Secretary UDP YW Ri Bhoi District, Bishno Roy Dillar – E/C member UDP Ri Bhoi District and others Executive Members of UDP Youth Wing Ribhoi including Henry Mukhim, Ribor Makdoh, Kyrshan Lyngdoh, Seibor Nongphlang, Elevenson Makdoh and members including K.Wonderful Khymdeit, Ng.
This is the right statement, because God does not look at man as he looks at man.
These villages are located on the road to Sohra which attracts many tourists.
“We also have to support MeECL this year because in this fiscal year 2022-23 alone, the government has spent more than Rs 400 crore for MeECL to run its operations.
According to him, KAS will wait for the next session of Parliament before taking any decision on the next steps.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. HH Mohrmen said that the publication of this book is one of the writings he used to participate in on All India Radio, Shillong in the program 'Tip phi ia tip mo' , and this book was funded by the Department of Art & Culture of the State Government.
Mawkyrwat, Lber, 10: The Deputy Commissioner of Mawthawpdah, Bah Sundaystar Lyngkhoi in a letter written and sent to the office of the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, said that after seeing the problems, Inside Mawthawpdah Village through social media, the Dorbar Shnong has to clarify on some issues.
Besides Thomas Jones, other missionaries also contributed to the writing of poems.
Shillong, July 12: U Bah Wanshai Laitmiet, one of the drivers of Sohra Sumo, has been seriously injured when he was stabbed in the ear by an IPS officer, Anand Mishra, on the 6th of this month. Police are conducting a search operation.
Anjelina Diengngan, 12, daughter of Sistina Diengngan, from Sdaddikhar village, Maweit area, was on her way to school at Government LP School Mawkhlam on Saturday. She ran bran bran and ryngkoh into the pond and was able to rescue the child who had started to drown and by the courage of the child she escaped death.
She said that whether they are officials or citizens, they should follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to prevent the spread of the disease in the state.
In this ritual, the Messiah is not used to perform the rituals and sacrifices.
She is surprised that he suddenly changed like that.
The training started on the 18th of November and will end on the 20th of November at Muphlang Village.
Speaking as the chief guest, Conrad said, “As the leaders of the state, we must ensure that we do not divide the state through ethnic discrimination.
At this meeting, the KSU said that the government should pay compensation to these families on the grounds that these residents have had to work for this river. There is one way for them to go to the market from other places.
The POCSO has sentenced Pynchemlangki Bareh to imprisonment for up to 20 years and a fine of T.
I put it to the people that they should not be deceived because when they receive the gifts, perhaps their poverty makes them feel that if they go to the MLAs, no one will listen to them.
Do something for the good of the people to avoid selfishness.
Other speakers on the occasion were S.Kharsahnoh, DSEO, Mawkyrwat who spoke on Midday Meal and NEP 2020; Rynjah, Program Manager, MECDM&RM, spoke about the objectives of MECDM&RM, Bah Eson Kharrymmai, District Mission Manager, NRLM, Dr.G.Nongsiej Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Bah E Tariang, District Social Welfare Officer, South West Khasi Hills District.
Ltd, SPIKAP and officers of the Health Department, Government of Meghalaya, in charge of Malaria.
The traditional teachings that we used to follow and do from time to time we feel like they are too old and worthless because we have been doing them from time to time, from time to time and we have lost.
It may be recalled that Nujorki Sungoh has raised the voice and concerns of the people in the House especially the issues of the Assam-Meghalaya border especially the Block I which falls under his constituency, the Jowai garbage, the demand for the promotion of Laskein. C&RD Block to Sub Division, agriculture and other issues.
He said that this campaign is also part of the efforts we have witnessed to maintain the water wells by the resident groups in the rural areas of the state.
To remove the obstacles to our unity and solidarity as a nation, it is only a strong warning to start from the rooftops to avoid all the causes of division.
“Every film she has acted in, she has been very good at acting according to the story of the films, which has attracted many people in the film industry in Meghalaya.
Lahkmen said that regarding Ratachera, there is no border dispute between the residents, but it is from government to government. “This area is not nearby according to the map of Assam, it has a wildlife sanctuary, for this reason there is a little problem that we have to consider”.
“The Congress has always been interested in the North East.
According to the complaint lodged by the Dorbar Shnong Muktapur, the VDPs of Muktapur Village on patrol seized a Mahindra Bolero Pick (ML 04C 5805) at 3:30 am on Tuesday. Donbok Buam, January Shylla and three of their followers were also arrested.
After the letter sent by the government to the KHADC, there have been many discussions in these days which has ended only in the minds of the people what the government intends to do to these Rangbah Shnongs who are working in the government.
Shillong: To strengthen the demand for the dismissal of the police involved in the murder of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew and also to ensure that such incidents should not happen again; On the other hand, the Sur ki Nong Mawlai, next month will hold a meeting of all the Sur to strengthen this demand in Shillong.
Besides the speech of the Chief Guest, a briefing was also given on the problems faced by the country through Pastor R Bareh who is the Chairman and others.
He said that the statement of the Prime Minister not to allow the residents of these camps is a misleading statement because in the law it is written that the managers of these camps. The empty camps should be written on the gates that the state residents are not allowed to participate but there are no authorities to ensure that they follow this rule.
He said that it has been explained that the roster system is not working.
At present, the government has set up an abattoir at Mawïong to check the health of the animals before slaughtering and selling them to different places. .
The swearing-in ceremony was attended by the Director of the Agency, Kong R. Suting in the presence of the Chief Guest, Bah Shuvam Nongrum, SI Civil Defense and Home Guards CIT, Father Gedwin Warbah Parish Priest Laitkroh Parish, Headingson Ryntathiang, Kick Boxing Coach and John Lyngdoh, Advisor of the agency.
In the past few months, the RBDSA leaders together with the office bearers of the Dorbar Shnong Lumdaitkhla Bhoirymbong, have met with Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports, Government of Meghalaya, He promised to take action on the stadium in Kurkalang and on the day when the RBDSA and village leaders from Lumdaitkhla met him, he said that he will inform Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of the state, He will meet with the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, to discuss the construction of the stadium and especially in preparation for the National Games in
As a sign of encouragement and encouragement to them, the KSU today honored them after laying a wreath at the statue of Paiem Tirot Sing Syiem at Iewrynghep Square.
You should not be afraid to speak or tell stories in Khasi.
The symptoms of this disease include fever, chills, loss of strength, difficulty breathing, and other symptoms according to doctors.
Shillong: In connection with the abduction of Zecharaiah Sohthiang, on the night of 18th October 2023 at Khyndailad, Sadar Police have registered a case No. 53(3) 2023 u/s 326/3 34 IPC, have launched an investigation and found a transgender, 24 years old, involved in the case and was arrested from Khyndailad, on the evening of 23rd October
As it is understood, many of the shops in Iewduh are overnight stays for people who come from here and there and which have brought not only pollution but also pollution.
Sparkle Khongshei scored the first goal for Pahamrïoh SC in the 64th minute.
Even though there has been no official announcement about Kushwaha’s resignation or release from his post within the party, Singh’s remarks suggested that the party leadership is ready for the end of the relationship with Kushwaha.
In his speech, Publicity Secretary Dapmain Suchiang urged the authorities in charge of the CHC to appoint a Lab Technician who is not available at the CHC.
Another important issue that the MGSPHSVA has taken seriously is how to fight against the menace of plastic and soon the MGSPHSVA will announce and develop measures on how to do so. .
Jowai city and its residents will celebrate Christmas with the garbage dumped at Iawmusiang, Jowai.
People talk about it,” said Aris Basaiawmoit in an interview with Rupang's youtube channel in the past few days.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 20: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Umdohlun Circle on Tuesday held a meeting to renew the office bearers of the party for the 2022 term. – 2025 where Bah Arbok Kharjahrin, President HYC, South West Khasi Hills District was the chief guest and also took part in the swearing-in ceremony.
Besides these issues, the students have been demanding from time to time, the school is currently facing a shortage of teachers.
In addition, out of twenty-four hours, the electricity supply is only five to sixty hours.
We see that every time, while the election is far away, many people talk about God and God.
He said how Assam has shown such power that even Meghalaya which wanted to set up an electricity post in Umlaper has not been allowed but how can Assam even open the stadium.
Shortly after, Shankari accepted Bandana as her wife and lived with her in Noonmati.
“He said that para-7 of the Office Memorandum states that the Reservation Roster is to ensure that the Reservation Policy will be implemented smoothly.
“The people should not be misled by such statements, because as a leader from the border area, I understand well how much trouble they face from time to time, the conflict and harassment from Assam,” he said. added Bah Bajop.
The Khun Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has accused the state government of violating the provisions of Article 7 of the Constitution of India by proposing an extension of the term of office for six months. Speaking on the occasion, the President of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah, said that the government's proposal, not only violates the 7th Article but also violates the the right of the people to re-elect their representatives at the right time.
The MAA wishes all the athletes to play well and bring glory to the state.
The bigger the contract, the bigger the share of corruption of those in power.
They also expressed their surprise that in these forests which used to be called Khasi forests or village forests which fall under the jurisdiction of the village and the Hima, the District Forest Officer (T) was also present. that this officer did not know well the constitution of the Khasi Khara but he had to corrupt.
If you ask the Jews, Who is Jesus? Who is Jesus to you? They answered, "He is a prophet, he is a teacher, he was born of a Jew. Others said, "We don't know. But a few will say that he is the Messiah.
On the other hand, the Cabinet also approved the creation of the post of Assistant Labor Commissioner in four districts in the state.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Dame, said that the low voltage has happened in Wapung village where as soon as it gets late at night, the voltage has gone down. They can no longer perform any electrical tasks, such as cooking, using refrigerators, computers and other electrical tasks because of the too little energy.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 30: The Siejlieh Sport Social and Cultural Youth Organization (SPO) on Saturday concluded the 25th Anniversary of Mawmer's Birthday. The Talent Show was held at the Dorbar Hall of Siejlieh, Nongstoin.
We have seen that the production of fish has declined significantly.
The Khasi Jaitbynriew expresses its gratitude to the former CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla (may God bless him) for improving the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Bill
Modi, himself a yoga practitioner, has written about the benefits of the exercise ahead of the celebration of World Yoga Day.
Thus the Holy Spirit began to work in the Apostles as in Peter and others.
c, Ramson FC, Friend United FC, Sporting Spirit, Umsaw FC, Riwar United, P.f.
I appeal to those who have met me in the past few days to take care of themselves,” Yediyurappa said on Twitter.
Also present were Morngait Lyngdoh VLO of SHG, Block and Ma Chawas Lyngdoh Dolloi of Raliang District.
The film is produced and directed by Bah Shemphang Tynsong from Ursla and his team Ringdur Entertainment.
Therefore, he said that such incidents should not be allowed and the law will take its part and soon it will be known who those people are involved in this case.
The letter was also sent to the Additional Director of Health Services, Dr B Lyngdoh, HoD ENT and to the Superintendent of Nursing, Shillong.
In the first leg, Wanmi Kyndait scored the first goal for Sohmynting Dongneiñ in the 46th minute.
The NPP does not believe in giving gifts to anyone if they join the party.
Those who have soap may be intentionally harmful or it may happen suddenly from unintentional people who have soap in themselves.
Aldelbert Nongrum said that when the Hindus hold their Puja or Puja rally, the Christians don't have anything to say and express their grievances. but why does this man stop the procession of Christians?
On Tuesday, notices were posted at places in Ichamati and Shella.
The office of the Superintendent of Public Health Engineering, Nongstoiñ, has organized a celebration of this day with songs and explanations.
He said the people of Meghalaya have accepted the BJP and the party's vote share has increased.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Arbinus said he has spoken to the PDF leaders, as well as to the CEM Pynshngaiñ N Syiem (CEM) to send the PDF leaders to announce tickets for Umroi. “I think for me in Umroi they can announce next month, I have no doubt to get a ticket,” said Bah Arbinus.
However, the Dorbar Shnong shall not be ignored.
Blah said there have been two talks in these days while the HNLC members are staying in Shillong in the presence of senior officials of the Union Home Minister and the Central Negotiator. (interlocutor) appointed by the State Government, Bah Peter Dkhar.
On the above subject, I would like to inform your office that there has been a fraudulent offer of Loan/Credit to the public through the SBI Card from SBI Iewduh Branch, Shillong.
Women sit in shops along the road in the middle of the night, students who have completed their studies in the higher grades have to become drivers of foreigners, park cars along the road.
In West Garo Hills, there are 7 cases including 6 policemen and one high risk.
The members and office bearers shall not be less than 10 and the Chairman shall be held by the Daloi or Sirdar.
At the same time, the Regional Committees of the two states have been directed to visit these areas to ensure that the people live in peace.
He said that there was also a social agreement before the implementation of the project that the atoskhana should be looked after by the SeiñRaij.
He said that today they held a meeting with the CEM, the Acting Syiem and the Union of Rangbah Shnongs to request for their cooperation and to take care of the youth who are coming from abroad. to quarantine in their own villages.
NESO, KSU, TSF and AASU yesterday visited and listened to the stories of four of the victims. that one of the seriously injured was sent to Kolkata for further treatment.
Such children should be orphaned or rejected by the family or do not want to stay with their relatives.
The search operation of two wheeler motorcycles comes after a number of tragic incidents in the past few months due to the excessive driving of motorcycles by the drivers which has led to the fact that the pedestrians have been killed. They lost their lives and some were seriously injured.
The time will come when those states will no longer be able to serve the refugees.
In the Women's League, Mawlum Tyrsad beat Mawsawrit 1-0
After I stopped the medication, only 3 days the flu worked again.
They also supported the demands of lower primary and upper primary school teachers to get adequate salaries so that they can have a dignified life.
My special and last request goes to Babu M.Umyiap, Post President HSPDP Mawshynrut Constituency, who teaches at the school where I used to teach (LPHSS Mawthengkut). I would like to thank you for your hard work to get the ticket of Bah Gigur Myrtong from Conrad Sangma until he won last year.
Therefore, the Seng with a deep sorrow and a goal to work for the welfare and welfare of the farmers in the state, requests the farmers to give their support and cooperation. and the organization at these public meetings in these two places.
The Jowai Legislator said this while awarding the best students at a program held at Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai on Tuesday.
Speaking to media, the General Secretary, Bah Roykupar Synrem, said that in fact, the Legislative Assembly is the owner of the Legislative Assembly and the PWD (Building) Department is the only manager and manager of the Legislative Assembly. However, the PWD (Building) department has ignored the Iingdorbar and the office of the Lamphang in many cases where it has decided to work in this Iingdorbar.
So what I want to say is that, this corona virus has become one of the diseases that worries us all, but I call upon us my dear friends, don't worry as Jesus said , but what we must do is trust in God, God has a plan, God has a purpose for those people who trust and surrender to Him.
Dr. Bom said the Congress party will contest in all the constituencies of the Khasi-Jaintia District Council constituency and all the constituencies have already applied for tickets and received forms.
Bah Bynrap Kurbah led the children to take part in the Christmas song which filled them with joy.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Twinkle Buhphang, Rangbah Shnong of Umiam, said that the purpose of the village to deploy these volunteers to these places where there are factories, is to prevent the traffic. Foreigners to these factories and especially to those truck drivers and followers who used to carry or unload goods at these factories after these trucks came from all over the states.
The officer of the dairy department said that the reason for the low income is because the cow farmers do not bring all the cows to the farm. they want to sell where they are and the reason cannot be determined.
The Seng urges the contractor to complete this road as soon as possible so that it will bring peace to the passengers passing through this road. P.W.D as promised will complete the construction of speed breakers on the village roads.
He said the shelter will be for boys and girls and the construction has been handed over to the Public Works Department (PWD) to complete within five months.
The follower was identified as Hsia and Lai and Hsia had just written two hours before the death of the child.
When teachers call us, we should not hesitate but step forward with courage.
According to the Ministry of Statistics and Program Implementation, the growth of Meghalaya is measured in terms of the per capita Net State Domestic Product (NSDP) at the exchange rate of Rs. In 2022-23, it will be 98,5
She said that the minister's statement was intended to mislead the people.
Regarding the appointment of Acting Rangbah Shnong of Mylliem Hima, Bah Agustin Nongrum, the residents said that they cannot accept it and if the Hima Mylliem feels the need to appoint an Acting Rangbah Shnong, it should have informed them. and to take the voice of the people, but not by election without the participation of the people, as it is now done without consulting the people.
According to the engineers, the PWD department has sent to the government to allocate about Rs 3 crore for the construction of the road.
The JHADCSA has fixed the hearing of the case on 19th November
If it is true, they should think quickly and within this short period of time they will find that it is too late to do anything.
He said that police are conducting investigation into the incident.
He said that these Isolation Centers will start operating from Monday after the cleaning and disinfection of these houses.
For the villages in the rural areas of the District, the same arrangement will be implemented by the Sub-Divisional Officers/Block Development Officers/Incident Commanders in collaboration with the Rangbah Shnongs and CCMTs. The Rangbah Shnongs, CCMTs and welfare groups in the villages shall regulate the operation of the shops in their respective villages/dongs and also to ensure that the residents follow the in accordance with the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Others have left the Seng in recent years.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today, at the 67th meeting of the North Eastern Council, on the shortage of funds of the NEC and which is hampering the development of the region. hi all.
In the past few months, there has been an attempt to bring together the two Congress members to have an understanding and it seems that this attempt has failed.
To disseminate information to the public for the scheme and also to register the beneficiaries, the registration was conducted from the 3rd to the 16th of this month.
They said that recently, the district authorities of Ri Bhoi District have been very concerned about the dumping of garbage into the rivers. This is the understanding of the District Authority.
The word causes war and the word brings peace, and the Khasi already has this proverb: Ka Ktien, Ka Thma.
Shillong, Lber 10 : “I am the youngest Minister in this Government and I have a responsibility and a goal to develop the youth and sports in the state,” said Bah Shakliar Warjri. who is the Minister in charge of the Sports Department of the State Government.
As part of bringing herself closer to her followers, Sam is always very keen to share with many things whether it is on her pleasure trip around the country, new movies she is acting in and much more.
The fee for participation is Rs
