“Assam has now extended more than 50 kilometers to the border of Meghalaya, but nothing has been done to resolve the border even though the Khasi-Pnar people living on the Assam-Meghalaya border have been living on the Assam-Meghalaya border from time to time. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Bonney, who came to Jowai on Monday to seek the support of the people to support him at Stand War, Mynthong.
Together with the rest of the world, the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) through the Project Link Worker Scheme (LWS) sponsored by the Meghalaya Aids Control Society (MACS) celebrated World AIDS Day on Monday.
Isn't it true that the aadhaar is printed in two places, that is, on the eyelids (not on the forehead) and on both sides? The Bible says that when the two beasts appear and the number 666 is applied, all those who reject the number 666 will no longer be allowed to sell or buy in the marketplace.
Mawkyrwat, June 13: Rympei PIP Football Team, Shillong today beat Rympei PIP Football Team, Shillong 2-1 goals against South West Khasi Hills District Police Football Team on the opening day of the Football Tournament. The 2nd Above 40 Football Tournament 2022 was organized by the Veterans Committee of Mawten Sports Club (MSC) at Mawpyllun Stadium, Mawten.
He said the BJP has no other option to criticize the NPP and has taken this path of politics.
Carolina Colony SC beat Chilliangraij SC 4-2 in the Open to All 18 Above Football League Knockout Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Friday.
The march started from Umlur and ended at Dohsohram Square, Umtangar. A short meeting was held with the participation of the leaders of the Ri Bhoi Western Dorbar. , leaders of the Hima Jirang, leaders of the National Hynniewtrep People's Sengkmie and also from Jirang Circle, leaders of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement from Jirang Circle, leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front. The meeting was held at the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Jirang Circle.
By Bah Philip MarweinThe meat of Christ is delicious and tasty.
The training was conducted for 25 days at Sohkha Mission Village West Jaintia Hills District and was conducted by the Master Craftsmen of Neera Foundation. ML Wanshnong, Joint Director, DCIC Jowai, in the presence of S Majaw, Retired General Manager, Neera Sarmah, Director, Neera Foundation, SE Kharpran, Functional Manager, DCIC Jowai. , Bah S. Pale, DCIC Jowai, P. Suchen, Rangbah Shnong, M. Manner, Secretary Village and others.
This is the issue on which the party praises and calls upon the present Government which has seen a vision to bring back the Rimuliang Block.
It was also at this time, that the people were still singing, with cassettes and tape recorders, in which there were famous singers like Bah Rana Kharkongngor or Jingkieng Ksiar, Bah Skendrowell. Therbor Lyngdoh is the singer of Shang Syntiew.
Prof. TG Sitharam, Chairman, AICTE said that the MoU will further improve education and cooperation.
The VPP said it is not against the Roster System, but wants the government to revise the Reservation Policy.
Therefore, Qatar at this time expresses its deep concern about the inability to stop the Israeli war against Gaza and also said that it now sincerely hopes that the war between Israel and Hamas will end the Ramadan fast in the country.
The election ceremony was over, and the government elections began again.
Of these, 1,369 have qualified for the First Division, 1,297 for the Second Division and 55 for the Third Division.
In a statement released by the federation, it said that the federation has also announced a 10-year contract with the players for the senior team of the women's team for the contract of the 2022-23 season.
There is also a discussion that the class rooms will be allocated to Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai.
“According to the letter, the Seng said that the withdrawal from the peace talks which started last year is because the government has not accepted its main demands.
“Therefore, the Cabinet today approved the proposals to amend some of the rules related to the MTIP,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
Shillong, November 1: The Meghalaya Awareness Society for Herbal Medicine will be held on the 6th and 7th of this month in Jowai for the first time. Communication (MASCOM).
She vowed to appeal to the court against corruption and illegal activities of government departments in order to punish those who commit illegal activities.
Before sending the message, Grace said that Pynshngaiñ said that he wanted to meet her alone to talk to her. “I told him that I don't want to talk alone but I should talk at the PP meeting, but he didn't do that and sent me this message,” said Grace.
They started their protest by holding flags as a sign of protest against the decision of the Ministry of Human Resources Development (MHRD) to appoint a full time Vice Chancellor.
Conrad said the total expenditure for the year 18-19 will reach T.14,101 crore, including revenue expenditure of T.12,036 crore, capital expenditure of T.2,065 crore and Conrad said the expenditure on welfare payments will be T.653 crore, pension payments will be T.784 crore, tax revenue will be T.1,716 crore and other revenues will be T. .538crore.
The raid was conducted on several houses near the home guard ground and the illegal drug dealers were prosecuted.
It is for this reason that the government should purchase the agricultural products from the farmers and pay them the minimum support price or the price at which the government will purchase the agricultural products and sell them back to them. ïew that hat lane can be shipped outside the state.
The reminder letter was sent back on July 16, 2022.
¢Do not tamper with electricity meters or other electrical appliances in your home as this can cause injury.
The funeral service of Sister Mary Albert Edanad will be held on Friday, 2nd June, 2017 at the Holy Mountain of the Catholic Church in Laitumkhrah.
At the same time, Gandhi warned the Congress leaders that they would be severely punished if they did not meet the party workers.
It is also learned that the government will also build another road from Mawphanlur, which passes through Markasa Market to connect with the PMGSY road from Nongshilong to Mawthadraisan Hill.
They were abducted from Kantanagre village at 9:30 pm on Tuesday at gunpoint.
"I too have reached this level, I cannot help but pay tribute to the teachers who taught me ABKD...", she said.
“We will decide at the right time because the government is still considering who is qualified to take over this post in the state,” said the Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui.
After four matches, Meghalaya has finished with four points.
In the last part, after the breaking of the rot ki rong, followed by the distribution of three parts between the participation of the children of the Raij which is according to the traditional teachings of the ancients. times.
“In fact, we should have educated the people so that our future will be strong.
Besides the football match, the organizers also played a friendly match in the basketball match where Rangblang Area won by 27 to 13 sets against MCSEPAC Mawkyrwat Block. In the women's category, Rangblang Area beat MCSEPAC Mawkyrwat Block 2-0 points.
He said that there are villages which have erected in public places, ear locks and genitals to deter rapists, but these days it does not exist anymore and has encouraged criminals.
She was raped by a man named Joken Kharsati in 2003 when she was 7 years old.
Since Modi announced the introduction of 500 and 1000 notes on 8th November, the Congress has strongly opposed this as it affects the people of the country. The public meeting across the districts will continue until the 25th of this month.
On the other hand, the sales and logistics team of the company is continuing to purchase and distribute necessities such as goods to the affected families.
There are 36 cases in Beijing, two cases in Liaoning and two other cases in Liaoning and Yangon. These are the first cases in Beijing.
Now, let us honor this King of the mountains with the Nine Drinkers, Nine Umtong of the land of the Forty Kings and Khadar Doloi.
Nongpoh: Shortly after several party leaders in Ri Bhoi, have formed a sur called 'Ka Sur Na Them Ri Bhoi', which is part of their full support to the party leaders in Ri Bhoi, Former General Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, who has come forward to demand justice for the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, former General Secretary of the HNLC. They have decided to hold a protest on the 13th of this month at MUDA Complex Nongpoh.
Speaking to reporters, Sangma said the meeting discussed the issues raised by the Association including the payment of salaries and the payment of outstanding arrears.
U Bah Shakliar, as the chief guest, in his speech, said that it is a great pride for our state that the rangkynsai have brought glory.
Besides the rice field, there are two streams, the Phodspung and the Jeidohkroh Rivers, which meet together and cause the river to flow through the middle of the rice field and meet again with the Umnamlang River. before meeting the Kynshi River.
They are tough days tough times really to talk about positives.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) today announced that it has decided to withdraw from the peace talks with the state government, including the Indian government. The HNLC has reminded that there are many issues that have been put before the HNLC. Earlier, by Bah Cheristerfied Thangkhiew, on 16th July 2021, he said that even the party has been able to express its views on its main issues, through Bah Sadon Blah, who It is the ksiang of the party, but the government has not paid any attention.
However, Kiang Nangbah, Tirot Singh, and other Khasi chiefs who fought against foreigners, saved their name and preserved their name.
The KSU has directed the Jaidbynriew leaders of various foreign states to protect their people, otherwise the KSU will not hesitate to take the same measures as the leaders (the KSU) have taken against them. the Anti-Foreigners Movement.
Shillong, Nailar 12 : Manbha Ïawphniaw scored a hat-trick for Mawlai SC to beat Malki SC 6-1 in the SPL Premier League (SPL) on Thursday at the Third Ground, Polo, Shillong.
It is also known that the Word is the source of creation on earth.
Over the years, the state has started to appear in sports such as football, athletics, cricket, boxing, swimming, judo and others.
The Government has stipulated that LP Schools will start at 9:00 AM and end at 2:00 PM, Upper Primary Schools will start at 9:00 AM and 2:30 PM and Secondary Schools will start at 9:00 AM. Higher Secondary Schools will start at 9:00 AM and Higher Secondary Schools will start at 3:30 PM. , Deficit bad Government.
On the other hand, the film “Batla House” has grossed T.15.55 cr on Friday and T.15.55 cr on Thursday. .8.84 cr, Saturday Rs.10.90 cr.
Singh was also surprised that the police had not fulfilled their duty properly and said, “It is the duty of the police to prevent and protect him from death,” he said.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Manipur by 152 runs in the U-19 Men's Cooch Behar Trophy on the last day of the four-day match between Manipur and Meghalaya. fight at the MCA Ground, Polo.
The union also urged the residents of the area to refrain from destroying the hills and forests in order to bring back the beauty of nature in the hills and rivers.
On this basis, we don't have the intention to demand an ILP which affects only those whom we hate and hate without any basis but we are willing to demand an ILP which covers all the property. who are yours.
I am still well by the grace of the Lord...If God wills, I will try to come to Shillong next year.
He also explained how birds behave in search of food, care and development of their young.
God's glory will not be given to anyone except Himself. As we look at the Book of Isaiah, 'I am the Lord; that is my name: and my glory will I not give to another, neither my praise to graven images’ (Isaiah 42:8).
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 14: The new MLA of Nongstoin Constituency, Bah Gabriel Wahlang, on Tuesday urged all the people of Nongstoin Constituency to work together for the betterment, peace and development of the people of Nongstoin Constituency. par and all the areas related to the development of this Constituency.
In the petition, the TIPRA Motha leaders also informed that the indigenous people of the state have the right to live in peace and order, but due to the negligence of the state government, and brought forth all manner of trouble among the inhabitants of the city.
These people were reportedly involved in threatening Americans by claiming to be police officers in the United States and accusing them of being involved in robbery. , money laundering, drug trafficking and demanding money from them at very high prices.
Why? shall we receive good at the hand of God, and shall we not receive evil? In this Job did not sin with his lips.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 83559 out of which 81628 have recovered and 1449 have died.
He also alleged that the MDA government has been looting and supervising, where there was a group of high level personnel who released 1000 trucks per night and each truck took Rs 1.25 lakhs. They earn Rs 12 crore per night without mentioning the contractors, the jobs and the food of the poor.
Meanwhile, students of North East Hill University today expressed their strong protest against the attack on students at JNU in Delhi.
Please think about the plight of the people of this area.
America, as one of the most powerful countries in the world, is struggling to support Israel.
Kim Kardashian went to meet Kanye West in Wyoming, where West is currently residing, and reportedly had a fight between him and Kanye West. These two are married, after West's revelation of their marriage.
Speaking to reporters by telephone, Pangniang said that the action of the Assam police by arresting the youth as if they were arresting a terrorist, is unacceptable. people, without proper knowledge of the truth will inevitably lead to serious confusion in the area.
According to reports, Jitendra Singh will arrive in the morning and later leave.
Even the main road of the Riangdo-Athiabari area which has been destroyed and turned into a kroh, synrang and ahor for many years has been destroyed.
James alleged that the government's action is a bad sign and may have a conspiracy.
On the same day (23/04/2023) Bah F.Kharbina Rangbah Church of Tyrshang Ummulong Parish in a statement said that the Parish Ummulong of the Religious Department of Jowai District will hold this event. All are invited to attend the Day of Mercy at Tyrshang Church which will start at 9.30 AM and end at 4.00 PM.U bah Kharbina said that in fact the Day of Mercy should have been held on the 16th but due to the consecration of Fr.Wibert Marwein in Nongstoin it was postponed to the 23rd. this month.
And we know that our Lord Jesus Christ Himself came to offer Himself as a LIVING AND PERFECT SACRIFICE TO GOD and through the BLOOD of the LORD JESUS ​​CHRIST our RELATIONSHIP with GOD.The Lord Jesus Christ gave Himself as a living and sweet-smelling sacrifice to die out of INDEXPLICABLE LOVE for US.AND by giving Himself up to die He became the Heir of that JUST LIKE THE HOUSEHOLDS AND CHRISTIAN COMMUNITY THAT EACH OF US HAVE BUILT IN THEIR OWN HOUSE HAVE BEEN FULLFILLED THAT GOSPEL OF THE LORD. YOUR BODY, AFTER YOUR BODY HAS BEEN SYMPATED WITH SHABUK SILVER, AFTER YOUR KRUNG HAS BEEN BEATEN AND AFTER YOU HAVE BEEN PANSNGIAT SHIAH, ALL THE BLOOD HAS COME OUT HE WAS GOING TO SHUT OUT HIS BLOOD WHICH IS THE LIFE THAT IS HOLY TO GOD THAT IT MAY COVER AND FILL IN OUR LIFE THROUGH HIM, WHO IS THE SOURCE OF OUR CHRISTIAN LIFE. Thank God through His only begotten Son, the Lord Jesus Christ, that He has made a way for us human beings to be saved.
In this department, besides the government's inability to address the problems faced by the department from the debt of companies, to the appointment of the Chairman but to the lack of resources. (machinery & Infrastructure) which are suitable to provide better services to the residents.
Prasad was elected as the Member of Legislative Council (MLC) of Bihar in
Keith Pariat joined the Congress along with Wallambok Thangkhiew, S Warjri and William Marbaniang.
Then the drunkard said, 'Wa! I tymmenbasan, I don't know if I'm the only one who came here, but you too came here, tymmenbasan.
The state is only a source of income if it cannot produce its own food, it will starve if it does not receive food even for 10 months.
The JHDS in collaboration with the District Social Welfare Officer, East Jaintia Hills District has conducted a two day training for Self Help Groups (SHGs) on food production at Mynkre village. .
The day was also enriched by the song by the students of the Women's Assembly of Mawkyrwat Presbytery Higher Secondary School and the dance by the students of Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat. children of the Nativity Scout & Guide Unit.
Kharkongor said that on the second day in collaboration with Sankardev College, there will be a Meghalaya Dance and traditional dances of some of the dances which are rarely seen nowadays.
The Church has served for more than 1000 years and has served the people of Salonsar without prejudice to the State.
The formation of the HNLC is based on rights based on the history of the country.
Recently, Naik fell into the bathroom and sustained head injuries and was shifted to a hospital in Mumbai.
They warned against any vehicles parked along the road especially the parking on both sides of the road, which has caused a lot of trouble to the public vehicles.
Earlier, the court had ordered the CID team to conduct an investigation into the incident.
The powers of the Dorbar Shnongs are also limited and except for the Acts on the appointment of Syiems, Appointment of Rangbah Shnongs and the Acts of the Himas established by the District Councils. support or empower the Dorbar Shnongs to function fully as the Bodies or Dorbars.
He said that the KSU has spread false news without facts.
The landslide occurred at 3.15 pm this morning, when the earthquake covered four houses in the area, two shops and the main road. Leave for Sohra, where the ground has covered the entire road and it took until 1 pm to clean.
The WRBDC requests the government authorities and leaders to take action to provide assistance to those families affected by this incident.
He said that the Rangbah Shnong immediately informed the police and the police immediately came to the scene to investigate the incident.
Hajan Rymbai scored the goals in the 25th minute and Banshan Dong in the 34th minute.
The doctor did not go to the village on the night of the incident.
He said that until now, the residents of these villages have to travel to Rambrai, Nongstoiñ and then go down to the west for a distance of more than 50 kilometers.
“If the government expels us without proper evidence, the government has violated our rights,” he said.
“Seven brothers and sisters of a poor family have had to stop going to school after the Deputy Commissioner dismissed their brother,” said the HSPDP MLA. The state should re-appoint Bah Syiemlieh so that he can support his family.
Furthermore, about 10,000 foreign tourists have been welcomed by the state, with 79 per cent of them from Bangladesh, according to Cyril.
It doesn't matter, you can have many wives, but you should have only two children,” said the VHP leader. The people from the border of Mizoram to the people of Assam, who are on the border of the two states.
“They can suggest how to improve or other ideas that can be done with a single Bill,” said Bah Lapang.
Thirty kinds of thoughts and feelings entered his soul and mind.
He said that the government has recently recognized sohmarit and sla tyrpad as agricultural products.
Kong Arena urged the people to support her in this election and set a goal to show by her actions, not by promises in the campaign just to attract votes.
The Minister also stressed the need to protect the forests and the environment especially in the areas near the water sources. can prevent any human damage that could cause damage to water sources.
In recent days, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the state government's plan to reduce traffic jam in Shillong may take time, but there are some projects that have been developed. to implement the Flyover and Skywalk, parking spaces and the construction of a new Secretariat in New Shillong Township which will help alleviate the problem of traffic jam.
We hope that this will be the case so that it will be of benefit especially to those involved in agriculture.
The fight against this disease will continue, but through hard work and cooperation, the impact can be reduced, said the CM. I urge them to continue to work hard for this goal with determination and hard work.
Then we have among us a young man, Nicholas James Vujicic, who was born on November 4, 1982 in Brisbane, Australia.
The VPP is afraid that he will win...the CEM, the KHADC... the CEM, the KHADC... the CEM, the KHADC... the stupidity of himself, he will win, the sin, again on the wrong path...I can't forget Therefore, in those days, when the glory of the glory was given, it turned away from the man.
JOWAI: A group of village leaders from Mowkaiaw and Mowtyrshiah together with the new MDC of Mowkaiaw Constituency today held a meeting to resolve the issue which has affected the peace and order in Mowkaiaw village over the MDC election.
The festival, which started on the 12th of March and will continue till the 14th of this month, was organized by the Ri-Bhoi Water Sports and Tourism Cooperative Society Ltd in collaboration with the Ministry of Sports and Youth Affairs. The State and the Indian Kayaking and Canoeing Association (IKCA) where the influx of people from all over the country was also witnessed.
So, other language politicians might also insist on the same.
This is also a year to remember our beloved Meghalaya which celebrates its 50th Independence Day.
Speaking to media, FASTOM Spokesperson Babu Mayborn Lyngdoh said that the counting of lakhs of jobs by the Prime Minister is due to the low counting of jobs. teachers.
In the past few years, some churches have also awarded prizes to those who pass well in the matric examination.
He appealed to the youth to have the responsibility to bring peace and stability where everyone has a responsibility and responsibility for this task and whether they speak or not but all have the same goal including the Nongmihkhmat. , leaders of various parties.
After investigation, it was found that T.150 crore of money had been illegally stolen.
He said that the cooperation between the UDP and the HSPDP has been going on since the time of President Ardent Basaiawmoit and continues to this day.
Shillong, March 17: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Mawlai Circle under the leadership of MLA/MDC Bah Embhah Syiem Lieh, today faced difficulties in the MDC elections 2014 due to the resignation of many unit office bearers of the party. UDP-Mawlai Unit Leaders, Presidents, Secretaries and other Leaders have resigned from the party and these include Umjaiur, Mawtawar, Kynton Massar and the village. They didn't go to Mawlai.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that the Urban Affairs Department will prepare the proposals to be sent to the HPC before the Government takes a decision at the final meeting which will be held on the 15th. May.
Almost all those who attended the event had a step with the intention of going to Umden to eat but before reaching the shop, they suddenly saw the beauty along the road to the program venue.
“On the loss of ticket from this constituency, Bah Firstforce Deki Ramsiej, said that all this is due to the fight with Bah Donkupar Sumer, because he thought that I could not win because I didn't win. “It's not like I'm from Umroi Constituency,” said Bah FD Ramsiej.
Admitting that there was an attempt by the UDP to overthrow Bah Pynshngain, Secretary of the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) Latiplang Kharkongor said, “The UDP has tried to overthrow Bah Pynshngain. “We have tried to overthrow Bah Pynshngain until now but we will not allow”.
Students who have passed Matric/HSLC/SSLC will have to apply for transfer certificates from their schools to prove their pass.
We pray that peace will return soon for the benefit of the State and the people”.
“During the elections, we shook hands with each other but now the elections are over, I don't want to see the ruling Congress as the opposition,” he said.
No more discrimination in reservation.
On the other hand, Prestone Tynsong, National Vice President of the NPP, has criticized the UDP for being afraid of the President's Rule, which is enshrined in the Constitution of India.
“After careful consideration, I am pleased with the victory of the Congress government in the state.
Members of the KSU also raised flags at Latashil, while Modi's vehicle was passing through the MG Road.
The Seng would like to express its dissatisfaction with the lack of procedures in the checking of documents from the check point at Byrnihat and also asks the Government how the Covid Checkpoint has been implemented. “The illegal entry and exit of foreigners has been witnessed day by day which is a threat to the State and the region as a whole,” said the General Secretary Bah Francis Gee Mawlong.
Up to 160 people, including farmers, SHGs, entrepreneurs and others attended the programme.
Therefore, despite the lockdown, the three parties have decided to convene a General Meeting to discuss the issue and to take a decision to oppose the issue. This has affected the income of traders including truck owners.
They were identified as Ratna Podder, 38, and Chandan Kanti Dhar, 47, residents of Sadhutilla, Pratapgarh, West Tripura district.
On the other hand, today witnessed the floods in Sor Nongpoh, where it was seen that many of the vehicles parked in Nongpoh were almost flooded.
The president of the party, Bah Dibishon Malai, said that Bah HDR has informed them that the bill has been sent by the government and is waiting for the approval of the Governor for implementation in the upcoming elections. In this meeting, the RBYDSO leaders and the Minister of DCA, which was held in a long discussion, but after a thorough discussion, the leaders agreed to wait temporarily until they receive the HDR urged the party leaders not to hold any meeting with the Governor of Meghalaya and congratulated the Minister for doing what is necessary to implement the demand of the party. The government has already done what is necessary according to their demands.
When there are any incidents; Those who have suffered the most are the villagers and those who have suffered the most, in the past many months, they have shown clearly that the people in the cities have suffered more than they have suffered. mad those who are in the countryside.
This order shall come into force from now until further notice.
Meanwhile, the three persons who are still undergoing treatment at Shillong Civil Hospital will be tested again after 14 days of quarantine.
According to the DC, video footage has been shot in different parts of Shillong, showing that it is the taxis that are turning around when they are waiting for passengers especially when there is no place to pick up and drop off passengers.
Eight Karbi men allegedly evicted a farmer from Khanduli village and burnt down two rice fields.
“Youth of the state and all the villagers come out to fulfill your duty on 27th June because you are the electorate of the rulers and the election should not be based on money but using wisdom. and don't sell your vote and your identity," he urged.
I added my condolences – along with other friends by writing once again in this group 'Wowwww u kñi u shu leit im im pete beit'
“The family members recognized him as him, even though he was wearing a blue jacket when he entered the room of the mother of the child,” said Bah SA Rynjah. former wife of the mother of the deceased child.
This is in their appearance, among those whose names are on this page.
“If the Cabinet does not accept this before 11th June, we will hold a strike from 12th June in Shillong,” said a JACATAM office bearer. A meeting was held between the police and hotel owners in Shillong to discuss the increase in prostitution and illegal sexual activities.
On the other hand, the police have requested that people should not spread untrue rumors without knowing the truth. they shall spread and persecute the young man who has no hand in any wrongdoing.
In the DPR, the department does not mention the allocation of land for the transportation of stone and shyiap for the implementation of this scheme.
In the incident, the driver of the truck was killed and his body was found yesterday from Shangbangla, Ri-Bhoi district, by the police. Police found him driving in parts of the district after escaping from being killed, while the truck was hijacked by robbers and its whereabouts are still unknown.
The MCA announced the scholarship for Everbloom Nongrum at the final of the District League T20 Tournament held at Mawryngkneng on Saturday.
Marbaniang said that after the Single Bench appointed the teachers, the State Government has appealed to the Division Bench in 2023 and once again the Court has appointed the teachers again.
“We need money, resources and training, India can do that,” said Brahma. young people who thought they wouldn't spend too much time, energy on voting.
“He said it is the right thing for the present Government to sit down and review the MoU. “I don't think we should allow the Government to play with us.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Congress-led state government will face more financial difficulties, as the central government has not approved its request to improve and rebuild the flood victims. and the state's natural disasters especially in Garo Hills last year.
Rehearsal Jones Hynniewta from Mawlai, Shillong, who is one of the pioneers of such sports in the state, who used to participate in the National Level and World Cup, said: come and witness this lympung.
The JMB and JHADC have stopped the garbage collection after six villages from Mupyut, Umsalang, Madantyrpait, Moosakhia, Pynthorlangtein, Skhenpyrsit and Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle protested against the garbage collection. thurmur and affect the health of the villages near Mynkjai.
Banbatjubab Khongwir has been selected as the captain of the team for the trip to Kazakhstan.
NEIG through its CEO, Bah Ajoymeson Lyngdoh congratulates the Hon'ble Minister of State, Ma Kyrmen Shylla for his dedication and support for the work of NEIG and FAM as a whole.
The Mizoram Football Association (MIFA) has announced the suspension of the Santosh Trophy due to the outbreak of Coronavirus and a new date will be fixed later. .
At present, the relevant authorities are continuing the implementation to resolve all the problems faced by these people.
The winner will receive T.2 lakh and the runner-up will receive T.1 lakh.
Demonstrate : means to demonstrate, to demonstrate is to do any work, to demonstrate is to demonstrate in front of the public; You are not able to see everything.
Robert said that the UCC will affect the Dorbars of the country from the Hima Dorbars, Raid Dorbars to Shnong Dorbars, because the Village Administration or Hima and Raid Dorbars will no longer be able to once there is only one law throughout India, because the District Council has lost its powers to oversee customary laws or to make laws.
If the dam is built, it will completely destroy these gifts of the Umngot River and to the environment and to man, animals and all living things inside and around it.
They do not have any estimate of the number of farmers who will benefit and other types of businesses that will be started.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Saturday sent a wreath to the grave of its former leader Bah Cheristerfield.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The CEC of KHNAM, including all four MDCs, Latiplang Kharkongor, Adelbert Nongrum, James Ban Basaiawmoit and Process T. Sawkmie, today evening. They held a meeting to discuss the issues that have arisen within the ARPA, a group that is on the verge of collapse if the talks do not reach an agreement.
This is not only the people who are involved in the deception of others, but also our leaders whom the people have elected to lead the nation and to work for the welfare of the children of thousands of people. the Bri U Hynniewtrep or to develop their own so that the Jaidbynriew will be free from suffering and that the future will be a bright future for the future generations.
Noah's ark preserved all kinds of creatures alive and sustained life on earth and the entire universe.
All the victims were men between the ages of 20 and 59, the Philadelphia police chief said in a statement to reporters. A 2-year-old child and a 13-year-old child were injured in the shooting.
This was announced by the Principal Secretary, Prestone Tynsong.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 18: The Special Judge of the High Court (POCSO) has sentenced a man to 65 years imprisonment and a fine of T.51,000 to a man who raped a 13-year-old girl.
I believe that they have destroyed many nations that we do not see.
Regarding this incident, the EJNC through its President Lektor Dkhar expressed his deep sorrow and condemnation to the robbers involved in this incident.
Finally she decided to give up and go straight to Niakha's house.
In 2006, he was accused of kidnapping Umesh Pal, a witness in the murder of Raju Pal.
All those who should have received the booster are requested to come forward to get the booster to protect themselves from the COVID-19 pandemic.
We should not stand because there is danger but just run and pray like that time so that we can succeed in life.
She said that in Meghalaya, this program has been conducted in all districts where the children will benefit greatly through various programs including Story Telling for the children studying at UKG-LKG, Exhibition of TLM Mela, Bicycle Rally. and others that can attract children's attention.
Shillong, March 30: Songsak MLA Nihim D Shira on Tuesday said that even if the Prime Minister Narendra Modi comes to contest from his constituency, he will condemn the Prime Minister. “Even if Modi comes to fight against me from my constituency, I am sure that I will defeat him and Dr. Mukul Sangma,” said Nihim D Shira. and Rupang by telephone.
Have you ever seen me too...?" said the mother of Rida Panah, although he was still arguing, saying, "You believe that you don't agree with each other, that this great thing will happen. “Yes,” said Panah. “I'm sorry.
Shillong, July 24: Ka Motphran this evening has been shocked by the refusal of the police department of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to sit on the road.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: U Tura MP Conrad K Sangma will be appointed as the Children's Minister of the NDA government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The next morning after the incident, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun together with Bah Victor Rani, MDC, visited the village, where the residents of the village, have experienced the problem. Throughout the day, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, said that he has taken steps to inform the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam as well, so that such an incident should not happen. more chess.
The injured driver was rushed to Nongpoh Civil Hospital.
Conrad said the meeting of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance-2 government was satisfactory in many areas although there are some areas where the political parties still need time to study more thoroughly.
The report cites research that says the world's population suffering from water shortages, from 32 million in 1900, will increase to 3.1 billion by
Therefore, in order to restore the land, the government will take measures in this regard,” he said and added that the government will invest funds to improve them where the ownership will belong to the that trai bag.
Lakyntiew Syiemlieh, a teacher at Persara Upper Primary School, Lum Umpih, has four children and two grandchildren.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u SP Jaintia Hills said that he had received information yesterday and after witnessing the incident through Facebook, police have registered a case against them. “We are still looking for these people and we will punish them severely according to the law,” said Bah Thamar.
The drama was held at the Loompyrdi Iongpiah Hall on Tuesday.
I ask you all to pray for us as we prepare for the official opening of these new parishes," the statement concluded.
The man called Bhujbal's Personal Assistant (PA) on Tuesday night and said he had agreed to kill him.
For Sporting, Ajay Kr Ram scored 23 runs off 25 balls and Suraj Chettri scored 23 runs off 43 balls.
In these days, this custom of marriage of the Khasi people seems to have begun to disappear due to the forgetfulness and following the custom of marriage of other people.
Also present on the occasion were Local MLA Stephanson Mukhim, Umroi MLA, Ngaitlang Dhar, Local MDC Hollando Lamin, other MDCs including Shemhok Garod and Phillip Tangliang. SDO, I Laloo, SDPO and OC of AMlarem PS and other dignitaries.
It is also a fact that the residents of this area do not have good roads, because since the past and until today, the residents do not have good roads, especially the highway from 9mer to Killing, in which it swelleth lynter, which pum pum in the rainy season, and the ktieh in the rainy season.
This department has not stopped but continues unlike others.
Speaking on the occasion, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the State Government is awaiting the report from the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District. K Sangma will also meet with the Chief Minister of Assam at a meeting to be held in Guwahati on Saturday.
This Kyrwohsohmyndur era, the Ka Baphra era, has revealed the deterioration of the Khasi Khara culture of the entire nation.
During the curfew, only Municipal employees, MEECL employees and only pharmacies or pharmacies are allowed to open.
Shillong, October 25: The NPP MP candidate from Tura, Purno A Sangma, on Tuesday said that he will lead the people to demand Garo State if they want him to do so.
Mr Clement Pala Head of Iawthymmei Village
In the programme, which started in the morning, these young men and women, received many trainings from the participants, who explained many of the needs that young people should know, whether it is when regarding the effects of drug abuse, child marriage and especially regarding the dignity of Akor, which in these days has declined slowly.
The JNC, Khliehriat Circle, led by its General Secretary, Mebanteilang Sukhalin on Tuesday sent a letter to the Chief Minister through the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Baranwal. There are 15 government departments which have not yet been brought into the district.
The turnout on the 13th of this month was 5927 out of 6773 in War East Jaintia, JHADC which is 87.51%, while in KHADC it was 75.02%.
Therefore, the KSU-Laskeiñ Unit urges the relevant authorities to take immediate action so that the people who live and work through this road will not suffer in the transportation.
On the occasion, the Secretary Jingiaseng Samla Daistong, Bah P.W.Lamare, gave a welcome speech. He congratulated all those who attended the program and said that their presence was an encouragement to the youth of the church.
We don't expect the minister to say such words which are intended to undermine our struggle for justice,” said Kong Thabah.
This is the first time that the Meghalaya Games will be held in the districts.
“He said that the Seng has recently seized 18 illegal coal trucks which even the Police have refused to register the Ejahar filed by the Seng against these trucks. .
Speaking to reporters, the youths alleged that the company has cheated and deceived them because when they went to enter the company, the management of the company said that Initially, these job seekers have to complete a 3 month and 6 month training course to become a manager and after becoming a manager they will receive a salary of T. 35 thousand rupees per month.
He said that he is confident of winning because 90 percent of the poor and rich people come to support him every day because they understand that the basis for his election is for the cause. The poor and the rich have won this election and it is surprising that other candidates will not be willing to contest. If the people have won, he will fulfill all the aspirations of the poor. that color.
Biang is not like that.
Lahkmen said that the Superintendent of Police of Silchar has informed the East Jaintia Hills District Police that some of the workers from Assam have been arrested. He was buried inside a coal mine in Meghalaya.
These rescue teams had to use tyllai to climb down and climb in the midst of the danger which injured the three SDRF members. The bodies could not be recovered from the scene. The bodies of the victims were transported to Khliehriat CHC for post mortem by boats of the people and BSF.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 3: After the severe cold weather accompanied by a strong wind has hit several villages in West Khasi Hills District and other districts of the state, yesterday. On Saturday last month, Siejlieh village also experienced the same disaster when a strong wind blew and destroyed several houses in the village.
Police have rescued 95 people from the forest and about 613 people are still missing.
The Union condemns this incident without blaming anyone and urges that from now on such incidents should not happen again.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Acting President of the ASHAs, Soni Kharjana, said that since 2014 the government has not released the ASHA Benefits Scheme (ABS) and since Meghalaya Maternity Benefits Schemes (MMBS).
The JSU has expressed its deep sorrow after hearing that one of the members of the KSU has died at the hands of mynder in Ichamati village on Thursday.
He said the Government imports up to T.600 crore of pigs per annum to meet the meat consumption of the people in the state.
PARKING 7: In the square opposite the Coke Factory, through the main road to Jalyiah Village.
The meeting was attended by leading leaders of four political parties in the state, including the KSU, FKJGP and HNYF, who also spoke and explained to the public. They also discussed the threat to the Khasi community from the implementation of the CAA and explained to the public that the state needs to get the ILP, which will be a shield to protect the minority.
Manipur has been involved in ethnic violence since 3rd July, which has claimed the lives of more than 100 people and displaced thousands of others. The differences have lasted for more than 45 days.
They are from St. Anthony's College, St. Edmund's College, Shillong College and Sohra Government College.
The hearing of the case will be heard again on March 19, 2022 after requesting an extension from the court.
Lyngdoh said the Congress in Meghalaya is like a ship that has fallen into the sea. “Its MLAs don't want to apply for tickets, there are those who don't want to contest anymore. where in 2018" he said.
There have been 74 recoveries from the coronavirus today.
Therefore, it is advisable to provide healthy foods including hard-boiled vegetables, fresh fruits, vegetables, seeds and other healthy foods.
The Khasi Students' Union Nongthymmai Circle, the Laitkor Longkmie Association and the Meghalaya Jeet Kune-Do Association (MJKA) welcomed the athletes.
The meeting also introduced the office bearers of the Mawsynram Block Congress Committee, Mawsynram Women's Congress Committee and Mawsynram Assembly Unit Congress Committee, Bah Maxwell Lyngkhoi Vice President of MBCC. Mr. HM Shangpliang's head.
According to the report of the High Level Scrutiny Committee (HLSC), the government has not followed its recommendation to hold a new recruitment for the posts of Assistant Teachers in Lower Primary Schools after the outbreak of the crisis. .
On this occasion, the film commemorating the 40 years of the KSU from 1978 to 2018 was launched by Bah G Basan and Bah Michael Syiem in the presence of the leaders and members of the KSU. Retired members of the KSU. It is worth mentioning here that this film commemorates the true events since the foundation of the KSU until it turned 40 years old. State of Mind Production in collaboration with many groups and staff of the organization.
The JHADC and KHADC have already passed a resolution against the UCC. This shows that even if they pass it, it will not work in our state.
Dr Decruse said the districts most affected by the disease are East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 330 cases in Cleve Colony Cluster 3, Sohra Cluster 3, Golflink Cluster 5, Governor House Quarter G49 Cluster 5, Health Worker 6, Jaiaw Cluster 5, Laban Cluster 29, Laimer Shiteng Cluster 7, Laitkor Cluster 25, Laitkroh Mawmyrsiang Cluster 2, Laitumkhrah Cluster 11, Langkyrding Mihngi Cluster 3, Lapalang Power Grid Cluster 5, Lwai Cluster 5, Madanrting Mawwkan Cluster Luster 42, Mawpat Cluster 5, Mawphansnar Nongspung Cluster 6, Mawreng Cluster 2, Motinagar Cluster 3, Nongmynsong Cluster 3, Nongrah Cluster 2, Nongthymmai Cluster 19, Nongur Cluster 4, Police 4, Police Bazar 5, Polu Cluster, Pyntho Cluster , Rynjah Cluster 6, Thembasuk Cluster 5, Traw Mawngap Cluster 2, Umpling Cluster 6, Umtynghiang Sohra Cluster 2, Wahlong Cluster
There are about 50 households of these refugees and JHDS has provided assistance to 43 households.
In a bottle of water you can clean the sliced ​​sohkhia and soh or pudina leaves.
The number of recoveries has risen to 6,034 and the death toll has risen to
One of the objects, which appears to be underwater, is about 78ft (24m) long and the other is 15ft (5 metres) long. he said that it was a tool, which I needed very much.
The J/S Presbyterian Church Phlangwanbroi has organized this tournament to commemorate the celebration of the 125th Anniversary of the Church. on Saturday, 6th July, 2022 and ended on Saturday, 19th November,
Furthermore, there were also programs conducted by the students of Govt Upper Primary School Dangar.
During the meeting, there was also a detailed discussion on issues related to the impact of the state on the illegal cultivation of poopy, especially for the future.
This was done in accordance with the Restructuring of SEBs Act, 2003 and this Act of Parliament covers all the State Electricity Boards (SEBs) of the country, not just those of Meghalaya.
The union said that many of the people in this area are poor and needy in income even to buy rice they don't have enough money to pay the bill light because they are facing problems because of the The agricultural products that used to be sold in the markets can no longer be sold because the government has closed down the markets and now the Bill Light has reached every household of the people.
“As we know that the CMD and Power Secretary of MeECL have already been removed so that the investigation will be transparent, the HYC also demands that the government should immediately remove the minister of this department for the allegations. “It is not only for MeECL but for the department as a whole,” he said.
Shillong, March 2: Almost all the villages and villages today held a cleanliness day in their respective areas. The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills in collaboration with the Dorbar of Mylliem Hima.
The father of Jeofreson Jana was arrested by the police on the evening of 31st June, after he returned home from hiding after his family and the Dorbar Shnong Nongrah found the two. The bodies of two brothers were found in the Wahktieh cemetery in Nongrah.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Norway P.Sohsley, Br.
This is unfortunate, although the Government has gathered some NGOs to discuss the border issues of the State, at the same time it has been learned that the Government has only explained to them. meetings and did not distribute reports to those who attended the meetings.
The party also urges the ministers and MLAs of the Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep to take action and not to listen and remain silent at such a time when people are taking advantage and trying to destroy, said the statement. Roy Kupar Synrem, General Secretary HYC, said that the picture has surprised many people, when a sheep has been slaughtered.
The meeting discussed many issues related to the work of the party, and finally took a decision and approved to reinstate the incumbent CEM, Bah PN Syiem. .
The marathon started at 6:30 am from Madan Nongthymmai to Brookside Adventist HS, Nongrim Hills, AIR Quarter and ended at Madan. New.
Their failure to do so clearly shows that the Seng also benefits from that corruption.
He also reminded that officers, any departments attached to the government have been authorized to visit the roads that have been constructed, as they have to take responsibility that the road is owned by the people of state.
The RTI is to know whether the Harijans have any rights or registered residents in the Mawlong Market Area.
Dr Arav also confirmed through the writings of the historian Titus Flavius ​​Josephus, who confirmed that the town was called Bethsaida.
He said the PDF had lost the debate in the special session of the KHADC on Saturday and believed in the ARPA's plea to reject the government's ordinance.
However, when investigated, it was found that her husband had an affair with one of her colleagues.
The quarter final match between Nongshiliang Pdengshakap and Umsyiem FC Bataw was held at Lacheh Playground Bataw on the 18th of this month. -2 goals and a tie penalty was awarded twice and in the end Umsyiem FC Bataw beat Nongshiliang Pdengshakap 7-6 goals.
Shillong, Nailar 11: Suspected GNLA members have shot dead Simon Sangma on Tuesday at Koksi Nengsat village. It is located in East Garo Hills District.
In many cases, the people have lost their land to the government or military authorities who have claimed that the surrounding lands have already been paid to the previous authorities.
On the part of the beneficiaries, they expressed their happiness and welcomed the donation by the MLA of the area.
Shillong: A vehicle carrying paint cleaning machines has overturned on Saturday morning, 7th June 2022, on a road in Mylliem.
Similarly, the 50 KWp SPV Power Plant, which was implemented by MNREDA Shillong (2016-17) and which has not been operational yet. .
The HNYF Women's Wing also came to encourage the teachers by donating water and soap to the teachers.
It is said that David Scott was the first to bring the seeds, but it was Babu Jeebon Roy who taught them to plant them for sale and to earn a living by selling them.
Through this Act, it will pave the way for the establishment of State Finance Commissions in Assam, Meghalaya, Mizoram and Tripura.
The union urges the State Government not to be a stumbling block for the rights of the residents who deserve to receive various assistance, especially for the poor families.
There are 4,743 confirmed cases and 776 deaths.
Any party that wants to form a Government should be allowed to join hands because in democracy, it is necessary to have a Government of the people elected by the people in elections.
Shillong, July 27 : The 24th National Sqay Championship was held from 23rd to 26th of this month at Kurushetra, Haryana.
Wanlang Rymbai is the Chairman and Grateful Siangshai is the Secretary.
Benami is no longer new.
In the afternoon, the team also witnessed the pumping of water from the river and saw that the equipment was working, but it was difficult for the department to pump the water. This is due to the lack of loadshedding.
The JSU also demanded that the MLA who is the Cabinet Minister in the MDA Government should immediately talk to the government to implement the demands and upgrade the PWD office. The Election Commission of India (ECI) has decided to conduct the Special Summary Revision (SSR) 2021 in all the Polling Stations in the District. on December 15, 2020.
The greater the promises, the greater the government debt that you and I have to pay, whether now or later.
U Bah Wanshwa, urged the youth to use their talents properly, to be brave to come forward, to work hard to improve their talents. , at the same time urged the public to like and subscribe to support and encourage us to produce more music videos.
Troops of the 193rd Bn Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya have seized sarees worth T.42 lakh from those who were trying to smuggle them into Bangladesh through the border areas of Meghalaya.
At that time, the people had gathered at Mawlong Market to watch the incident and many people were standing from the nearby houses to watch the incident.
Jowai, Nailar 24: The 14th District Open Badminton Championship 2023 will be held at the Indoor Sports Hall of Seiñ Raij Jowai. Jowai.
And once they heard it, their souls were eager to go and tell it to their sisters.
Thousands of parishioners of the Catholic Church from Sawsymper Parish and other churches attended the ceremony. , Bah Ollan Singh Suin, Bah Charles Pangrope MLA Nongthymma, Bishop Wilbert Marwein Nongstoin Diocese, Most Rev. Lyngdoh DD with Moments as a sign of gratitude and honor for their good deeds to the the Church and the Parish of Sawsymper.
Meghalaya's next match will be against Jharkhand.
The meeting came five months after the BJP government had promised to look after the welfare of the farmers in the state, but this promise has not come true till today.
The Khasi people should understand that had it not been for the arrival of the French from Wales of the Presbyterian Church and the French from Germany and Italy of the Catholic Church, Christianity would not have flourished in these hills.
They promised to help the poor, farmers, improve roads and paths, health, education, create job opportunities, develop sports and games, to maintain and strengthen the customs and traditions and to strengthen the village or hima authorities as established by the ancestors (traditional institutions), water supply, electricity, and employment big contracts when they win and many jobs that can't be done here.
Thank you Pastor for your thoughts and teachings...God bless you and all who read this article.
“Some people have reported seeing this man walking up and down the street.
Other speakers on the occasion included Gilbert Kurbah, District MCH Officer, Oniwell Mylliemngap and Tracy Kharkamni, State Coordinator.
Shillong: “Until our problems are resolved, we will continue our protests,” said Bah Generous Warlarpih, President of the Khasi Jaintia Butcher Welfare Association (KJBWA) today. to meet with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Matsiewdor War.
In the past, Kumar Sanu felt that film stars did not interfere with the work of singers and did their part, but now this has changed completely.
For the sake of the peace of the people in the area especially during the elections, the meeting also decided to demand from the state government to set up two more Polling Stations, namely at Ummat and Umtlih, as there are only two polling stations in the area at Khyndewso and Mawlasnai.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Monday acknowledged that the peace talks between the state government, the central government and the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) are progressing smoothly. you will see the fruits of this discussion.
“He added that the ancestors since the Reservation Policy when they created the Reservation Policy have understood well what they need to bring for the betterment of the State. The residents of Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Hills have not been employed.
There are places where we have to build ourselves by the village and we have to spend about 15,000 to 20,000 rupees from the village fund for the safety of the passengers and the safety of the vehicles.
It may be recalled that the ruling MDCs in KHADC, under the leadership of Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, recently met with the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma and urged them to The Government should approve and send it to the Governor of the State so that the elections can be held in the newly divided constituencies.
There is no injury eii If we know how to Khan ba duriap but if we are wrong we will be destroyed. In times when there are no elections. the Kupli River, the Kynshi River, the Brahmaputra River.
Although NEHU has said that the implementation of the NEP is for the benefit of the students, the MCTA has expressed its concern over the urgency.
But a big question mark arises.
Shillong, March 26: The appointment of Rohit Prasad as Technical Advisor to the Vice Chancellor's Office, Prof. PS Shukla, on Tuesday said that the appointment of Rohit Prasad as Technical Advisor in the office of the Vice Chancellor, NEHU the Executive Council.
"“Due to the incident in the past few days, there has been a request from the leaders to release the applicants from Meghalaya to go to Assam, for those who could not come. “There has been a request to hold the examination again, but many students have come to write the examination in Assam as well,” he said.
The items made by the people of this group include the duitara, the bomb, the ksing, the nakra, the put and the musical instruments and besides, they also exhibited the traditional clothes made by these people. .
“In West Bengal, teachers and employees have staged protests for the increase in DAs and salaries to be equal to the domestic standard.
The composer and composer of this song is Sharpstarwell Syiem.
In connection with the operation conducted on Tuesday night, Guwahati Police have successfully seized a large quantity of Fake Indian Currency Notes (FICN) worth T.2,16,500 along with the seizure of counterfeit money when they arrested a person involved in this case.
When asked whether he is ready to contest the election from Ranikor, Kitbok said it is up to the party leaders and supporters but he cannot say anything because the party does not. it is your personal source.
It also gives him light at night and when it is dark.
Shillong, March 06: The Supreme Court of India has suspended for 10 months the demolition of houses along the Umkhrah River in Polo area, Shillong.
Of the 26 injured who were shifted to a public hospital in the city, 24 suffered from respiratory distress and 2 died from the blaze.
In the middle of the stone there is a shape which the people of those areas say is the shape of the sun and the hill with these stones is called Lum Mawsngi.
At the same time, they have also decided to close the entry and exit between the Karbi and Pnar ethnic groups from today, by banning trade between them.
On the closing day of the Durbar Bah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the State, was also present.
“Regarding the railway, the government should first introduce those measures to protect our minority.
Matthew 1:21.
Before the formation of the Joint Action Committee under the leadership of Doloi Kwor Suchiang, Doloi of Raliang District, Phidalia Toi was the founder of the Jaintia Welfare Union. The residents of Mukhla, Ummulong and Wahiajer have demanded that the Government should postpone the establishment of BSF (Border Security Force) posts between these villages.
During the visit, the union found that the factory owners have violated the law and the negligence of the state forest department. They have applied for a Public Information Act from the Forest Department in connection with the illegal logging.
At that time, there will be no more kingdoms or kingdoms or anyone who can stop the war between Israel, except a mighty ruler from any country who will stop the war. which promised Israel a peace treaty by offering the Israelites to build the Third Temple in Jerusalem.
“We women in the BJP cannot accept such incidents which have happened in almost all the Congress ruled states.
The final will be played between the two top teams of the tournament organized by the Meghalaya Cricket Association.
He said that MeECL has cut off the electricity supply to the households in the village which has 300 households for more than a year but the electricity bill is still coming up with the electricity bill. The price ranges from T.20,000 to T.25,000 and T.30,0
The Deputy Commissioner has also sealed the house of Kong Nud Syiemiong, Pynthorumkhrah Block II, due to the presence of corona cases or close contacts of those infected with the disease.
In addition, in the past 70 days, police have arrested 80 people and seized about 3 kilos of Heroin, 140 kilos of Ganja, 60,000 pills, 22,000 bottles of cough medicine. syrup) and T.28 lakh in cash.
Speeches were also delivered by EES Lamare, Secretary Lummawnei Hamles Mylliem Umlong and Iabeit Khongwar in the presence of Lummawnei Rangbah Habamut Mylliem Umlong, elders, women and others. .
“In many cases many of our members have been summoned by the Police but we don't reveal publicly on these same allegations and even my vehicle has been seized by the Ri-Bhoi Police without any reason. daw" he added.
They also said that like other ethnic groups in the state such as Rabha, Bodo, Hajong and Chakma, they have been included in the Schedule Tribe. triewlum within the state government, while these Lalung tribes have not been recognized till today.
Therefore, Kong Syiem said that in the future, she hopes that there will be no such cases because once you have done any job, you need to cooperate. to promote sports activities in the District, but cooperation is needed.
Serbian world number one Novak Djokovic's career at the Italian Open has not been as smooth as he expected. Holger Rune, who won 6-2, 4-6, 6-2 in the quarter-finals, has been suspended from the tournament. yours.
The NPP leaders said that the clear evidence of Dasakhiatbha Lamare's good deeds to Mawhati is very important for the people of Mawhati constituency, including the road from Umsning to Sonidan. , then the road from Liarbang to Mawlasnai and one road from Laiphewdiengngan to Umroi, besides many other development works, for the people of Mawhati constituency.
If they continue to play chess and don't think carefully, the time will come when they will face problems in Khasi-Jaintia Hills because there are leaders who don't trust the small party workers. 2023 elections UDP will win only 3 or 4 seats in Meghalaya, NPP will win 15 seats Congress will win more. The people were shocked to learn that they could only cut the ribbon and speak English.
Do you know that you have not been saved? Man cannot be sure only through the writings in the scriptures because those too were written by man, only a dream can be explained.
The registration process will be announced in all markets, Higher Secondary Schools and Colleges to correct the errors in the EPIC. Election Department to assist them in doing what is necessary.
Surprisingly, a letter from the Secretary of KHADC, Kong B Basaiawmoit, which was sent to Bah Shylla on the 24th of this month, has been sent to prepare schemes in the constituencies to allocate funds for them but only later. Two days later, work orders for the schemes were issued, but Bah Shylla has not sent a single scheme.
Shillong: Congress MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh today spoke in Khasi in the State Legislative Assembly and became the first to speak in her mother tongue in the Legislative Assembly.
Through this article I encourage women to fight for their rights.
Everyone wants to be a leader because getting followers is easier than just buying them.
For people who are still mentally ill and lack intellectual ability, social media becomes just a game and doesn't entertain them.
The winner of the Super League will represent the EJHDFA in the Meghalaya State League.
In the junior girls (52 kg), East Khasi Hills won by defeating West Khasi Hills.
“We need to look at the social sector and income growth because the income indicators alone have failed to show jobs,” said Dr. Charan Singh, CEO of EGROW Foundation. who are free from financial activities.
If there are street houses, but no one lives there or no one lives there or no one uses them, we don't call that house a development, but we call it a house of loss and a waste of wealth.
Of course, it is also up to us to stand and advocate for other activists who have been arrested and imprisoned with Him in Teloja Jail and elsewhere.
The perpetrator is said to have sinned himself and will fall into evil, but the perpetrator (who has killed millions) is said to have acted of his own free will, and 'God He does not want to violate or destroy that free will of his.
Another candidate who has filed his nomination papers today is Bah Fourteen Lyngkhoi from the Congress.
“This is against the voice of the people and the violence of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly,” said Bah Basaïawmoit.
In West Garo Hills, there are 18 cases and 9 cases of high risk contact, 9 cases from Mahendraganj.
However, from the year 1740 onwards, the Kharlieh or the French who had conquered all over the world came to conquer our beloved country.
Once the 14,10,710.41 metric tons of coal has been auctioned, all the remaining coal, if they remain in the designated areas, will be taken to the government areas and the result will be a collection. government revenue, in which the owners no longer have the right to accept the price of the auction.
This may be because of the right to go to people's homes.
Replying to a question, Charles said that Shillong would surely be quiet if Mamata walked around the country as she used to do in West Bengal.
In the past few years, since 2008, there have been many business politicians among the leaders who have been elected to buy the wealth of the people.
Other Congress members included Rev PW Pnar, former DSP Ri-Bhoi District Bah S Malai and other supporters of Rona Khymdeit.
Recently, we have started a fish farm in the Brahmaputra,” he said.
According to the KSU leaders, the management of NEEPCO since October 2020 has started to relocate its offices from Shillong.
Government schools in the rural areas do not have enough school buildings, benches, tables or basic necessities to provide quality education to our children.
“We understand that there are some households who have not yet been registered under this scheme and the department has done its part to prepare a separate estimate for them to ensure that all the households will be registered under this scheme. They have received the drinking water as they deserve,” said Bah Renikton.
The project “Ka Lawei” is a Digital Learning for children studying in schools in East Jaintia Hills District. Digital Smart Class Room , which is also known as Digital Smart Class Room , which reads through TV screens , has been developed to be placed in 50 schools within the district.
The MDA 2.0 Government is strong, will last and will continue to be led by the NPP until the end of these five years.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 22: In order to improve the income of the farmers in West Khasi Hills, the KVK on Tuesday held a A special program was held at Mawduh Village in Sangriang West Khasi Hills.
“Until now, the government has not called for any talks or sent any message,” he said.
Nongpoh: Almost all the residents of Umroi, who live in Dong Rud-Iew, today marched to express their strong opposition to the statement of the village leaders of Umroi, who He said that the relocation of the Washing Ghat, or the place to wash clothes, from the place inside the village and to another place, was after no place was found inside the village. for the construction of the Washing Ghat.
And at that time of Nahum this city appeared to be a mighty and powerful city and no one could conquer or destroy it.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the Swadesh Darshan Scheme under the Swadesh Darshan Scheme of the Government of India.
He also urged the Village Authorities to check and monitor the people entering and leaving the villages because as the Dorbar Shnongs they have the authority and they are the villages who should take responsibility to check and control the entry of foreigners.
They also know that if you eat fish that have been slaughtered in rivers or streams with pesticides/insecticides, in the next step, the whole family (mother, father and children) run or race to the toilet about 10-15 times a day because of the release of germs that remain in the body. The fish were thrown into the fire, which was very hot and very hot.
But Jesus said to Daniel, "O Daniel, make secret the words and seal up the book, until the time of the end.
“He thought about what he didn't know.
“I also suggest that a judicial inquiry should be conducted into this incident,” said Rymbui.
According to the investigation of the union, it was found that the police chief had installed a plate No.ML04 A 4000 on his private vehicle (Bolero rong saw jngum). ) and with the same number he also registered the silver Bolero.
"Since Bah Bindo was removed from the UDP party ticket for the 2023 MLA election, he had to contest as an independent candidate in the last election from Nongkrem Constituency. the party he was going to join.
We continue to support environmental causes, such as tree planting, agriculture, and more.
“Jairam's remarks came after the Central Government on Tuesday introduced the Rew Act to give 33% seats to women in the Lok Sabha and State Legislative Assemblies.
She also expressed her concern and sorrow over the illegal entry of foreigners into our beloved country.
The JSU-WJC also demanded the appointment of two nurses at Nongtalang CHC to work on day and night duty.
On the other hand, the Minister of Social Welfare, said that it is necessary to strengthen the police to curb the smuggling of drugs into the State by strengthening the Anti Narcotic Task Police. Force (ANTF) to be able to operate better at the entry gates to the State.
A team of journalists recently visited Thayon Kom and Thamaram Tangkhul villages in Ngarian to talk to the affected farmers.
Shillong, Naitung 7: After the expiry of the term of former Governor of Meghalaya, Shri Krishant Kant Paul, the new Governor of Meghalaya, Shri Krishant Kant Paul will be sworn in tomorrow. The Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya today at 2:30 pm.
He said the government should now implement the decision of the High Level Committee (HLC) and after that they will see whether to appeal to the High Court or not. Supreme Court.
At the Hotel Assembly, Bah Allantry Franklin Dkhar, Political Secretary and Advisor to the Chief Minister welcomed the guests. objective.
I personally cannot imagine that Bah HS Shylla would leave this world without thinking.
Noting that the Government has taken this step by considering the experience and skills of Ali, the Minister said that it is necessary to look into this issue as the Government wants to I don't want to be afraid of the public.
We have decided to send a message that we want Rahul to lead the party and urge him to give his opinion for the good of the country”.
He said that the work in the district has nothing to do with the government, as happened in the Jaintia Hills District Council, where the UDP which led the Executive Committee was defeated by the NPP while the state government has only.
However, it is said that the Mikir (Karbi) who were present at that time, when they saw this dance and were rejected by the Labang Nangphyllut, they took shaki and named it “Chomangkan” which means Pnar dance. it is told above.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The General Meeting of the All Meghalaya Contractors and Suppliers Association (ACA) to be held on 2nd November, 2013 has been postponed due to the curfew called by the Seng Bhalang. Shillong, Nailur 1: The Deputy Commissioner of AMC&SA, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the petrol bomb blasts have been caused by the protests of the civil society groups. East Khasi Hills has imposed Section 144 Cr PC in the entire district which prohibits the sale of petrol to persons who come to buy in jugs, bottles or any other equipment.
A person who is interested in reading the Bible, but does not have the strength to explain and draw pictures, when he sends stories in church, many listeners fall asleep and leave.
The office bearers of the Jaintia Student Movement for the term 2023-2026 are President N Ribok Biam, Vice President Pynjurbha Suchiang, Working President N Jordan Rymbai, Working President Wanpoi Lyngdoh, General Secretary Shanskhem Suchiang. , Organizing Secretary Thrangmiki Suchiang, Asst Organizing Secretary Fortune Suiam, Education Secretary Everstay Dkhar, Asst Education Secretary Heihok Supuh, Financial Secretary Pynbait S.Passah, Discipline Secretary L Kamar, Asst Discipline Secretary Sebastian Supuh, Asphang Shy Sport Secretary Shellam, Shemi Ridiam Sumer, Publicity Secretary Syllimon Chalam, Asst Publicity Secretary Joply Rabon, Socio & Cultural Secretary Boyme Marphet, Asst Socio & Cultural Secretary Gevenroi Suchiang, Information Secretary Vision Nongbri.
Unfortunately, it was in 2003 that the businessmen began to want to contest elections.
While the intention behind the BJP government is still a matter of discussion, it has raised serious concerns regarding the impact of India's democracy and the differences in the country's economy. situation of political affairs according to the geographical areas of the country.
He said that at present it is not yet possible to say how the incident happened and no conclusion can be drawn on the incident and the SP has been directed to investigate the incident.
It is also an honor for the Khasi because the inheritance and receipt of inheritance is on the part of the woman.
“What else will the youth in the state do? It is the duty of the government to ensure that there is adequate parking space for commercial vehicles to pick up and drop off passengers for the convenience of many passengers.
The Puja Committees should separate the garbage from the Puja Pandal.
However, David Lalhlansanga, who came on as a substitute in the second half, scored the equalizer for Mohammedan SC in the 53rd minute.
The giving of jait to the mother will make our nation destroyed on this earth, because we will lose the traditional Khasi appearance, the traditional Khasi rynieng ryniot and we will remain only the Khasi name but the Khasi name. the shape of the trees and the structures of the other peoples of the world.
But he has to pay the fine Rs.50,000/- or he may go to jail because the battery was lost under his duty"
“We have visited Mawlai, including the MLA of Ranikor, Mawsynram, Sohra and Mawhati and we have met only the MLA of Mawsynram,” said Bah Donbok. He said that it is on this basis that the HITO has taken a decision to inform the police to take necessary action regarding the disappearance of these three MLAs. Mawhati MLA Charles Marngar from the Congress, Sohra MLA Gavin Miguel Mylliem from the NPP and Ranikor MLA Pius Marwein from the UDP. Mawsynram MLA, Bah Olan Singh Suin, on the other hand, promised to discuss the issue of Reservation Policy, but also urged the youth not to rely too much on government jobs because we are alive. in this world and the age of struggle to rise to the top or the age of competition as it is known.
Until now, police are conducting investigation through those who were present at the party on that day.
"5) Love has grown cold (Mt.24:22):-God wants us human beings to love and respect one nation after another, one religion after another.
These casual workers have about 100 employees working in the sports department to clean the JN Stadium, Polo and among them, some have worked for many years up to 15 years, 9 years and some for several years. .
IMPHAL: The Manipur government today issued an order ban ban ambulance vehicles from sounding their sirens while carrying patients.
According to the customs and traditions of the Hima Mylliem, it is the duty of the San Kur who is the performer of the rituals and the Khatwei Kur is the coordinator of the work.
Then they made little huts out of leaves and went from place to place.
About 50 residents of the village, including parents, held a meeting at the Dorbar Hall of the village near the Khasi-Pnar Secondary School LP, UP & Section Bakur (Dawki).
The period of the Judges was the time when the Israelites migrated to Canaan and Bible scholars refer to the Israelites as the Moses Group.
Of these, 352 are from Kamrup (Metro) district, 137 from Jorhat district and 104 from Kamrup (R) district.
According to police sources, Shiningstar Pala has been arrested since the 10th of this month and has been authorized for further investigation. to send an examination.
The relationship between life and water: To understand the fundamental relationship between water and life, the role of water in biodiversity, health and all aspects of well-being.
Earlier, one of the UDP leaders, Bah Bindo M Lanong, had said in the media that the reason for the defeat of the UDP in this election was also because of the The Congress has lost money.
In the afternoon, Rev.RS Nongkynrih gave a sermon based on the letter to Titus 2:5-6. life, speech, patience, and strength.
Manjesh agreed and immediately the marriage between Manjesh and Nisha was completed and while the body was sleeping in a room, Manjesh took Nisha as his wife.
Lambor Suchen, District Skill Officer, spoke about the skill trainings implemented in the district.
and they shall mourn for him in that day, saith the word of God.
Our intelligence agencies are always vigilant and concerned about robbery and other crimes, and we have been able to fight many such incidents to ensure that such incidents never happen again. “,” said Conrad, who is also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, while speaking during the election campaign at Thakurbari, South Tura Constituency.
King Wickliffe and his mother gave their lives and souls to protect their country and nation from enemies.
Ma Rollingson Dkhar from Jalaphet village spoke on the theme “Burom kybang” by reminding the entire Kur Dkhar that we should always respect those in authority and especially the parents and especially the youth of the Kur. They are not from the family.
Dr. Paul also praised the Village Health Councils (VHCs) and said that they have been able to transform the health sector.
Therefore don't go and plant the riewhadem until they are clean.
Mamata attended the wedding of Isha, daughter of Mukesh Ambani and Nita Ambani, on November 12,
The union also said that if states like Nagaland, Mizoram and Arunachal Pradesh can implement without interruption and without interruption to economic development, tourism, trade and heritage, why not? Meghalaya cannot do what these states do.
There is a book that you don't have a lot of people but you have done this”.
“The party is threatening the sheep in sheep's clothing and those who do benami in the border areas,” he warned.
Shillong: The 19 lakh voters of the state will elect two candidates for the Lok Sabha from among many candidates today.
“If he carries the cows, why should we shoot the man?
When the kurs are close, the nation is strong: Any nation that lives in Meiramew, respects its jait ka kynja and preserves the customs and traditions empowered and established by its ancestors is a strong nation.
Kwilnis Suchiang said, “There are only 14 lakh minorities in the state but what happens if we accept the railway line without the ILP or MRSSA? the illegal entry of foreigners'
The Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya said that the incident which happened on the 11th of this month at 12:05 pm in the border area of ​​West Jaintia Hills was caused by a road accident. misunderstanding.
One person was killed and several others seriously injured in the attack.
The full names will be released on 31st November
He said that the opposition to the implementation of the Roster System since 1972 is not only the issue of the KSU but the issue of everyone as it is the life and death of the nation as a whole and the future of the children. young country and nation.
If we look at the schools alone, we will see that most of those who come and take the children are private vehicles.
“I have always told my children that no matter where you study, what you do, what life you lead, you should never forget Garo Hills.
However, marsein the start of this tournament and the incident that happened today, can not fail to stir up the spirit of everyone, because apart from this stadium, in Shillong itself as it is. At present, there is no stadium to host football tournaments such as the Shillong Premier League.
In 46.4 overs, Mizoram ended the second innings with 232 runs and Meghalaya needed 194 runs to win by 30/2 which will continue to fight today.
At the same time, he urged the participants to make proper use of the kit distributed to them, in order to produce healthy and good meat, to be able to market at a higher price. and be a good example unto others.
The final will be held at the First Ground, Polo, Shillong on 17th July
The price of your produce should not be too low or too high or too high or no one will buy.
Referring to the journalism, Bah Sawian said that Bah Sumar has contributed his writings in the form of articles and he is the one who started the Khasi language newspaper. once a month and then in English.
Thombor Shiwat also admitted that the council has received about Rs 26 crore from the State Government for the purpose of mining. From 26th June 2019 to 26th November 2019 it has reached more than Rs 45 crore.
Regarding the funds from the central government, he said he has already spoken to the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi and also to the Platyngka Department of the central government.
She said that she had just been to the gym for three days, but Raju Barua called her to his office and ordered her to change her oil as it would help to cleanse her body.
Meanwhile, the search for Amritpal is ongoing.
They work hard in their work and show that work speaks louder than words.
However, when we turn and learn more about it from the true foundation of knowledge, it does not mean only that intellectual knowledge that man has.
Vivian Laloo won the singles category and Steve Nongsiej came second, while in the doubles category the winners were Akash Lyngdoh and Vivian Laloo. and Mark Laloo and Jordan Myrphet.
“To Hep, as I have promised, so I will do...” replied Lydia. After saying these things, Hep left to go home.
He said that at present, many of the students in the state have to rely on foreign institutions to train at higher levels and this has created a lot of problems for the students. the public especially those from low income families.
Israel says the ground attack is one of the country's means of deploying 20,000 troops to attack, although most of the attacks are from 1,200 times in parts of Gaza.
When asked about the earthquake at the Sonapur Tunnel, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that this time experts from Delhi and IIT have come to examine the Sonapur Tunnel to take a decision on how to repair these. They were affected by the earthquake during the rainy season.
He said that as an MLA he wants to bring many benefits to the people of the constituency and works hard day and night for the safety of the constituency.
The celebration of Christmas in Khasi Hills has not been celebrated for a long time as the advent of Christianity is only about 178 years old and the celebration is after Christianity has grown and flourished in the country.
Meanwhile, the Congress leader from Mawhati, Bah Charles Marngar has requested the state government to look into the payment of compensation to the farmers due to the increasing number of pig deaths in the state.
The meeting was conducted by Kong Wanpynhun Kharsyntiew, Leader of the All Meghalaya Domestic Workers Union. because of the corruption and corruption of the khadar rule in this generation.
“Tomorrow, 13th November, we will send our resolution to the National Law Commission to oppose the implementation of the UCC in Meghalaya,” he said. .
For 117 hours, the girl did not die and was rescued by foreign rescuers.
Brolding will fill the vacancy vacated by Metbah Lyngdoh after he took over the post of Lamphang.
These vehicles include local taxis, sumo, buses and pickups.
Other shortcomings include the lack of conference hall, asha desk, store room, ANC room and sister room.
Pc) in Ri-bhoi district as part of the ban on public gatherings in the district from 12 pm on the 25th to 6 pm on the 28th October
“The MDA government is confident that the issue of resolving the border between Assam and Meghalaya will be achieved,” he said.
There have been 117 recoveries from the coronavirus in the state today.
“We cannot call for talks with the insurgents in the state without conditions and that is that they should stop their violence and come for talks,” he said.
Recalling the efforts of the PDF and other ethnic parties to form another government, the BJP President said everyone should respect the NPP because it has many MLAs and support. of the people.
On the next day (Iewduh) early in the morning, the dhulia went to Tyngkong to make a proclamation, turning around so that the children of the thousands would understand that the ceremony would be held on the second day of Iewduh.
SHILLONG: Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) welcomed the Chairman of the Khasi Students' Organization (KSU) Bah Samuel Jyrwa at the Khasi Students' Organization (KSU) Shillong, on Friday night at Madan Weiking, Shillong on the successful passage of the CAB in the Rajya Sabha.
He said that as the Hima Nonglang has brought these people to the Hima office, the HYC urges the Minister of Police to help these residents as well as the Hima Nonglang.
Shillong, Naitung 15 : The National People's Youth Front (NYF) and the NPP Women Wing's North Shillong Constituency in collaboration with Life The Focus Society held a ceremony on Saturday.
The team scored 346 runs for the loss of seven wickets.
Furthermore, the RBYF also congratulates the MLA of Jirang Constituency, who has taken the initiative to build the Mini Stadium in Byrnihat which is under construction. It is a blessing to the youth of Byrnihat and Ri Bhoi as a whole.
The project has been implemented since 2020 but has been delayed due to the outbreak of Covid-1
The check was handed over to the office of the Under Secretary, Chief Minister's Office, at the Secretariat, as part of the joint efforts with the state government in the fight against the spread of Covid-1 19.
He also encouraged the youth of the country who were honored today to focus on their studies and to have the goal of getting high percentages in various examinations. to forget the source of thought.
The CEM said that the committee has decided to eradicate crime in Ïewduh by not allowing people to stay illegally and to close down illegal liquor shops.
Other wickets were taken by Md Nafees (2/23), Ram (1/18) and Arbin Singh (1/50).
“It is better if the MLAs also take to the streets for the benefit of the people,” said Bah Golden.
The driver of the truck was identified as Santosh Ch.
The match was very thrilling in which both the teams fought for all three points, and Shillong Lajong scored the first goal before the end of half time through Japanese chess player Takuko Miki 45'+2
These awards were presented to 20 Higher Secondary teachers in Meghalaya who have contributed to the society through their tireless efforts to teach and shape the minds of the future generation.
With the establishment of the Barato Police Outpost, all the areas under the Barato Police Outpost will no longer be under the jurisdiction of the Nartiang Police Station.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Kachin National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Tuesday said that South Shillong MLA Shanbor Shullai and Pynthorumkhrah MLA AL Hek do not have the authority to appoint Rangbah Shnong. .
After the incident, Ma Siangshai lodged a complaint at Lad Rymbai Outpost against the Waheh Chnong and the residents and alleged that they shot him and stole 10,000 tyngka from his jacket. his.
The question is, “Now, we don't live nearby anymore and we have moved outside our homes, villages and townships and we have come all over the country to live, work and even outside the borders of the country. and across the sea, can we implement these responsibilities mentioned above?" To dig thai; to contribute through symbols of thought on this subject and perhaps, they will become golden symbols. that symbol appearance.
Wasa Untied in the match against Delhi, tried to create golden opportunities to score, but the excellent skill of the Delhi players caused the whole team to lose heart and lost the wind after scoring. Nikhil Mali, who scored five goals alone, scored the third goal.
This letter to Asia Minor is also written here today.
Prestone expressed his regret over the loss of seven villages including Mawkliaw-Kemrang, Nongla, Suktia, Mawsiangei, Diengsiar, Tyrnge and Mawlatang which fall under the Gram Sevak Circle of Mawsiangei. of Shella Bholaganj C&RD Block.
When they went to complain to the babu, the babu did the same with a smile.
It was witnessed that all those who came were only women with song carrying clothes and knives.
Before entering the VC's room and locking Nantu's room, the students shouted loudly.
The Chief Minister said that the testing of the relatives of the 11 persons who tested positive for Covid-19 has been completed through the Rapid anti body test. the Covid-19 virus.
Furthermore, it is impossible not to mention the problem of children and students in this age who have to seek information regarding their studies especially for the youth who have to seek ways to enroll in classes through the online system, but the lack of network often discourages them from playing chess.
Conrad said it does not mean that Meghalaya should pass the resolution just because other states have done so.
Anu Malik has been one of the judges of the competition since its inception in
Commentators explain that John through parables stands up and points out against the power and wickedness of kings who murder and shed the blood of innocent people.
The well-maintained hillside is planted with small trees or planted with tree seedlings to grow and the tree trunks are carefully maintained not to be covered with nuts or shrubs. .
Eastern West Khasi Hills beat West Khasi Hills 3-0
The projects that can be implemented with this fund are for the benefit of the people of Salonsar such as water distribution, construction of toilets, drains, garbage disposal, construction of Dorbar Shnong, improvement of roads, construction of footpaths, lighting on the roads, cemetery, and other activities for the benefit of the public, not the private sector.
However, if you don't vote for UDP, Vote for HSPDP or PDF, vote for PDF.
All the MDCs who attended the meeting, when we read for a while, we immediately rejected, when we saw that this work was sent from Delhi. , you have a terrible dress behind you.
Excellent should be done in this way to avoid being taken advantage of because many people misuse the jwit where it has become a trading license and has encouraged illegal activities.
Our memory is too short.
The next match tomorrow will be between Summit Academy and Nangkiew Irat Sports Club at 4:15 pm at the 2nd Ground Polo Ground.
Increase the number of people.
The factory produces sound and produces goods under the services of Works Managers or General Managers such as MD Rapthap, JF Vasifdar, MK Choudhury, H Pandey, MF Blah, CF Syiemlieh and CF Lyngdoh.
Police have arrested an employee of SBI Pynursla Branch on charges of stealing T.95 lakh from the bank.
Even after the expiry of the deadline and not being able to arrive on time, they were allowed to hold the public meeting, which they had planned.
In Meghalaya, which is known as a matrilineal society or a community where children take the lineage from the mother, whenever public meetings (except those held by women's organizations) are held, more seen and heard for women to speak up and make public whatever is on their mind.
This is the third time for him to contest the election and this time too he will contest from the Congress party.
Shillong: After beating Kerala 5-1 last month, Meghalaya beat Jammu and Kashmir 7-1 in the Hero Sub-Junior Girls National tournament today. Football Championship was held in Cuttack.
Russia has arrested a man and detained him for 10 days for protesting against Russia's invasion of Ukraine. the slogan "No to War" in the outskirts of Moscow.
“If all the village leaders of our country understand the mistake, then foreign forces will not be able to take advantage of our people,” he said.
He said that the union has been warning from time to time that vehicles should not be allowed to park on the bridge, but no one has heard of this and this queue of vehicles on the bridge has happened. beat when there is traffic jam on the NH-6 in the area.
On the occasion of the Republic Day celebrations on the 26th July, 2024, a truck with Registration Number AS collided with another vehicle at Pahamrioh, Ri Bhoi District. 01 MC 8136 collided with two vehicles, an Auto (ML 10 C 9558) and an Eco (ML 10 B
Shillong: Star Cement Pvt.
The second semi final will be played between PFR Football Academy and Mawlai SC at 3:45 pm at the same venue.
Regarding the petition submitted by the village, the chief guest promised to send it to the relevant ministers and departments to provide assistance to the village especially the road for the convenience of the visitors. visitors to reach places.
I teach according to the word of God; at the end of the conversation I said, I leave it to you because when I spoke and I said I leave it to you, because when I spoke and showed the way the acceptance or rejection is yours you yourself.
Or like in the Umiam Khwan River area, tourists can stay for months to enjoy themselves, especially when there are no boats and other activities.
These students and teachers are the same in the way they teach or understand.
East Khasi Hills has 78 cases, 48 ​​cases from abroad, 7 cases from soldiers, 7 cases from high risk contacts, 5 cases from Lapalang, 3 cases from Mawlai Nongkwar, 5 cases of ILI, 5 cases from outside the state. 2 people, one health worker.
Mukul said the previous state government had sent a recommendation to the Indian government and a decision was taken in the State Legislative Assembly in 2015 to ensure that the Coal Mines The Nationalization Act 1973 and the MMDR Act 1957 will not apply in Meghalaya.
This comes after the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, sent a letter to the Minister of Education, Dharmendra Pradhan requesting him to direct the National Testing Agency (NTA) not to open the doors for students. Meghalaya who failed to write the examination.
Sunny Deol, won from Gurdaspur Constituency in Punjab.
They are – Bah BK Diengngan, K Nongsiang, K Langrin, DRL Nonglait, LK Syiem, K Sohphoh, D Pariong, Pholan Lyngkhoi, Thwending Marwein, Frikshon Puwein and Christopher Puwein.
According to the information received, so far, there are 9,90,000 registered beneficiaries of this scheme and out of these, there are more than 6 lakh employees under this scheme. state as a whole.
The Government has also approved the Electricity Duty Act which has been amended by the Central Government and approved by the State Government.
Shillong: The Mawkyrwat Electricity Consumers Forum (MECF) has decided not to accept the Feedback Energy Distribution Company Limited (FEDCO) from Odisha to distribute electricity to Mawkyrwat.
Tomorrow, the match will be between Khliehiongriang and Dongmihsngi.
They are trying to flee to Delhi just to deceive the stupid people who are about to be defeated in the MLA election which will be held in about three months.
Shillong: The Sur u Paidbah Kabri Hynniewtrep today sent a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to take a decision to treat COVID-19 patients under the Meghalaya Health Insurance. Scheme (MHIS).
From 2001 to 2013, there were 140 kidnappings and 190 murders in the state.
Speaking as the chief guest, Nongstoiñ MLA Macmillan Byrsat recalled that in the past, school children had to read using alcohol, but in this era, the electrical board is sufficient.
Police from Hahim, Assam, have raided the village and seized the dumper, which was used to construct the road in the village.
He said that the high level issue has now been discussed even in shops, government offices and even in the market.
He said this in the House today on a question by Nongthymmai MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh who asked whether there has been a serious loss of life.
The Secretary of the Department, Kong Matsiewdor War, issued the order on 6th November 2022 in compliance with the order of the High Court of the State. on July 7, 2022.
Hello, please tell me how to apply for this job so I'll apply for this job m interested how to apply.
Sun died at his residence in Mawngap.
You will not be able to sell yourself and your nation as slaves.
Christmas Eve: The custom of Christmas Eve comes from the Christian service that usually begins on the evening before the Passover following the Jewish custom.
He said that the promises of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, have promised to take up the issue of the 108 employees to the Cabinet meeting. expressed the government's willingness to resolve this issue.
On the other hand, the opposition will ask the state government what steps the government has taken to relieve the people and why they can no longer bring cows to the state government. the state.
He also expressed his concern that until now there is no proper garbage dump in the area although as an MLA he has always informed the government to send a letter for the need for a garbage dump. but as the residents should not be rude to throw garbage on the streets but should have responsibility for the cleanliness of the morning to build garbage dumps in their own homes, not to bread stone sha that road.
It will be incumbent on the media to provide systematic coverage of the election and the candidates.
According to these leaders, the government is in the process of accepting the demand of the Sengbhalang but will convene another meeting next month to discuss the issue.
“Many roads implemented by the state government, namely those connecting Khanduli-Mokoiram and Saitsama to Rtiang under the PMGSY scheme have been suspended in Assam. “Stop Assam,” said Pyrkhat and added that the DC should immediately stop the construction of the road so that there will be peace and order on the border.
Shillong, Naitung 15 : A group of government officials led by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma will soon meet with the Minister of Tourism and Arts and Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, today. They will leave for Delhi to follow up on the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule as well as the long-pending issue of the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
The Executive Committee of the Association, headed by its President, Kong I.Kharmuti, today approved the appointment.
At present, the road, which is about 30 km long, has been completed and is expected to be completed in a short time. The benefit for the people of the area, is that they can travel through a good road from Meghalaya, which they have never experienced before.
During the raid, the Punjab police used heavy weapons to break into his residence, and his wife was also at home at the time. that these officers went to search inside his house.
He said the students in the state would give a good answer to the Congress government in the Lok Sabha elections in 2014, if it fails to implement the entry of foreigners.
Speaking on the occasion, Mosklandar Marngar President of AMCTODA said that last July, the leaders of the Association together with the truck drivers, had met with Dharmu and had arranged for the The transportation of coal shall be 2,500 tyngka per metric tonne from Shallang to Byrnihat.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) led by General Secretary Treiborlang R Suchen together with its members have left for Lapangap, a border village after a clash between Karbi and Pnar farmers on Friday.
When asked whether the measures taken by the government to evict the residents of the area are right or wrong, Bah Kynta said, “If we look at the law in It is clear that the Civil Suit is the easiest way but this decision which not only this government but since previous years has taken is a wrong way which has wasted the money of the government. public and also the time," he said.
In his speech, CEC Sushil Chandra said that such meetings are a good opportunity to share experiences and information with each other.
It is for this reason that the trees are no longer able to grow and the loss is to the villages which leads to the shortage of water and firewood.
According to Bah Thabah, there are about 41 villages in the middle of the dispute but according to the signs and symptoms of the development works that the government has given to the villagers, These 41 villages belong to West Khasi Hills although some of them have settled with the Nepalis.
These items have been donated through the Civic Action Plan 2022-2
The UDP hoped that the NPP would give its support to the other parties in the MDA government so that there would be only one coalition candidate.
The Bangladesh Cricket Board (BCB) has announced the schedule of all its matches against Afghanistan starting from On July 14, a Test match will be played at the Sher-e-Bangla National Stadium.
He said that in his MDC constituency, he has not lost a single village.
Shillong, Naitung 04: After the strike by the teachers, the Service Delivery Staff under the jurisdiction of the National Health Mission will now strike.
Shillong, Nailur 7: The Vice Chancellor of the North Eastern Hill University, Shillong, Prof. SK Srivastava, has appointed a committee to take forward the opening of the faculty of the University at Wahiajer village. West Jaintia Hills.
Now we have to wait for a few months until the Central Government agrees to hand over to the CBI for investigation.
Nongstoiñ: The residents of Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, will soon see and appreciate the new look of the Riangdo-Athiabari road, and now the construction of this road by TC Construction Company is in full swing.
In conclusion, he urged the Police Department to conduct such programs from time to time related to the VDPs of the villages which can bring peace and order.
The duty of the Langdoh Ri Blai is to provide and maintain the religious equipment and to carry out all the necessary equipment before the Syiem.
Photos of politicians have already been removed from the government website.
Wasa Fc (Rsa), Umkseh SC (Tasa), Sein Pynbhalang SC (Lbsa), Seven United Sports Social & Cultural Club (Pdsa), Atong Matrik FC (Bdfa)
The Khasi teachers should not be afraid.
Condemning the incident, Bah Mawthoh said that the policemen who were killed were residents of his constituency.
“The primary objective of the State Water Informatics Center (SWIC) is to act as an agency to collect information on water in the state in various ways whether it is rainfall, water availability in streams, to monitor them every 10 years and to provide information to the relevant departments such as PHE, Soil & Water Conservation, Agriculture, Disaster Management and others so that they can provide accurate information,” he said.
From Mairang-Nongkhlaw, the contest will be between the Congress and the UDP despite the increase in the BJP. Congress) and Bah Equator Nongrang (UDP).
If anyone has seen or received information about him, please inform the nearest Police Station.
“According to this letter, it says that 13 posts are only for Garo, but after we have sought information, these 13 posts are for interview, not only for Sanctioned Post, There are only 2 vacant posts and 16 sanctioned posts since 2019, 4 Khasi-Jaintia posts and 4 Garo posts,” he said. and Mr. Donbok.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said that this is not the time only for the distribution of job letters, but the time for the teachers and the Government to work together to achieve the goals. the goal of the Government.
From Mawryngkneng constituency, Bah Blatsbor Kharpran, a retired banker from Sohryngkham village, was elected as the Branch Manager of Meghalaya Rural Bank.
This increase will increase AIR's service coverage to 73.5% of the population in the country.
In fact, Justice said Hima has not done anything for the welfare of the BJP during his six months with the party.
According to Human Rights, this police brutality by law enforcement officers is unacceptable.
However, they did not listen and believe, so his supporters from all the constituencies suggested to him to join the NPP. Pangniang said that in the years before he was elected as an MLA, his constituency was the last of all the constituencies.
Shillong: No case of covid-19 has been confirmed in the state today, no case has recovered and no case has died.
Nongpoh, March 30: The dream of the sohtrun farmers in Mawphrow village in Ri-bhoi District has come true today after the village has opened to the public a storage and production facility for umsohtrun and various food items. Pineapple Processing Unit and Stockyard with the aim of promoting pineapple cultivation in the area especially in terms of income and employment.
Asem Nabachandra Meitei (41) was arrested during the raid. Asem Nabachandra Meitei (41) is a current member of the UNLF (P).
This temporary suspension of fish purchases by the Government has shocked and encouraged us that from now on we must learn to stand on our own feet in the trade, fish farming and not just rely on those who come from abroad. bar and light.
The meeting was conducted by the Deputy Superintendent of Police, CW Lyngdoh, MPS.
Not only that, but there are many government schemes that cannot do anything without the participation of the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia and now it is time for us to answer the question. “If you don't eat the pylleng, don't eat the cow first”.
He said that according to the RTI reply, the Ministry of Education has already released the first installment of T.5934.92 lakh for the financial year of the Ministry of Education. for the year 2021-2022 on 9th November, 2021 and T.7351.99 lakh was released on 22nd November,
These two children, according to the cctv footage, were seen walking on the Red Zone.
The distance from Lum Shyllong to Kseh Bilat is only 20 minutes and if you walk from Lad 5mer to Kseh Bilat, it will be only about half an hour; However, in these days, the traffic has been severely disrupted, because the road from Lad Lum Shyllong, from the army base, is very bad and also to parts of Liewlong, Pomlakrai and Along the way until you reach Kseh Bilat, the road is filled with very steep and steep slopes which are dangerous for small vehicles, especially at night.
The Principal of the College, Bah Boldness Lyngdoh Nongum together with the students of the College welcomed him and blessed him to continue to grow in this sport and to bring glory not only to the College but also to the College. to the country and to the state as a whole.
The meeting started from 2 pm to 5 pm and was followed by the discussions of the participants and the leaders of the meeting.
However, Meghalaya lags behind Bihar and Jharkhand in terms of poverty.
He said that the residents should take care of themselves, follow and respect the health rules and people over 45 years of age should take action to get injected.
Obstinately greedyAntor: Advertise, publicizeArsap: means good in front of people and bad inside HypocriteAstor: MasonryAs mentioned earlier, all these are merely proposals that await the judgment and judgment of scientists and writers. The Khasi language of the state shall be accepted or rejected, or improved.
JOWAI: The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District, Ma Garod LSN Dykes, IAS, has imposed Section 144 CrPC to curb the protests of the residents of Mowkaiaw over the elections which have caused damage to houses and motor vehicles. .
After ten inheritances or to the children, this is no longer their Self Acquired property, it becomes the Ancestral Property or the property of the Nongtymmen which will pass back to the youngest child as is the custom today.
She also urged the government authorities to investigate and arrest those who committed this act of hostility and punish them according to the rules of law.
After Shraddha complained of her eye disease, she was sent to a qualified eye doctor in Shillong and they explained that the reason was because of a small eye. I have entered into my eyes.
Shillong, March 15: It is surprising that the education department of the state has not received any money from the Border Area Department to distribute food to the children from the border areas and this has happened since 2013- 15.
The incident happened at 3:30 pm when the Social Welfare Officer, stopped his vehicle and got off to close the shops in Mawkyrwat Market. .
He said that 40 days ago, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sanma, convened a meeting and decided to build good roads to reach the colleges and this is not only for Patharkhma Model Degree College but for Rongjeng College. of Urban Planning and Architecture and also from Captain Williamson Sangma Technical University.
According to him, there has been a demand to set up an Integrated Check Gate at Baghmara so that tourists and traders can come because if the railway comes, the income of the people will increase immediately.
The Deputy Commissioner said that it will be after the inspection that a decision will be taken whether to remove these speed breakers or to install them more frequently, so that there will be no impact on the smooth running of the speed breakers. times the motor.
Police have appealed to the public not to post any offensive posts on social media and will be prosecuted according to the rules of law.
He said that women use to wear clothes during their menstrual period and those who are poor, use to wear rags or rags and this causes many diseases that affect the menstruation. it does not cause other diseases that affect women.
The Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, the Chief Minister, Dr. Conrad K Sangma and the Leader of the Opposition Mukul Sangma were also present on the occasion.
In the semifinal of the Under-17 girls' category, Iewrynghep Secondary School beat Tyrsad Higher Secondary School 3-1 Larihun Songthiang scored two goals in the 20th and 51st minutes of the second half.
Every nation that lives in this world lives, grows and prospers because its language survives and passes from one generation to another, thus a nation that knows and develops Those who respect their own language, those who use it properly, not only survive but become a great country.
Shillong: The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) in a statement sent by its Vice President, Pyrkhat Shylla, has requested the State Government to immediately release the coal mining licenses, which have already been issued. that they can complete the shipment of their coal within the time limit set by the Supreme Court as the time limit is only 15 days.
He said that the people are now wise and are watching the work of the people's leaders and what they have done.
There have been 4,785 new cases, bringing the total number of cases in the country to 36,7
“Sometimes our residents because many farmers lose time to go to work just because of the water, sometimes it happens among the women when they go to fetch water from the rivers. “It's time to clean up the water,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
Meanwhile, Congress MDC from Mawhati, Charles Marngar, is ready to take over the post of Deputy Chairman of the Council after NPP MDC from Mawsynram, Alvin K Sawkmie, resigned on Monday. to allow the Congress to win this seat.
Earlier, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, had said that after the movement of the Secretariat to Shillong, the traffic jam in the old city would subside, especially after the movement of the offices. higher government to the new facility.
The three District Councils in Mizoram are no longer Mizos but non-Mizos.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 29: An elderly man from Lamavilla village, Nongstoin, has lodged a complaint at Nongstoin Police Station against Wanlang Kharkrang of Pyndenglawar village, Nongstoin. to deceive and thank this old man for tens of thousands.
But in the pursuit of wealth we don't think too much.
In recent years, even today we talk very actively about environmental sustainability.
There have been various discussions on Facebook and Whatsapp on this issue and some of the geography experts have written on Facebook that they have never heard of such a thing. Geography or Cardinal Directions.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has visited Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit to encourage and congratulate him on his efforts to amend the Meghalaya State Reservation Policy
“On the other hand, the Minister in reply said that there are rules that have to be followed and there is no question who violates the rules, but if they do so, they will have to do accordingly. work and in accordance with the provisions of law.
We have sent a proposal of up to T.650 or T.700 crore in this regard and we hope that in the coming years we will be able to fulfill this commitment of the government and all the residents. The state is urban and rural,” said Prestone Tynsong.
Entry and exit to these households has been banned from 28th November until further notice to complete contact tracing to curb the spread of COVID-1
Shillong, June 4: The BJP in Meghalaya has rejected the statement by the General Secretary of the AICC for Meghalaya, Luzinho Faleiro, that Vincent H Pala is a skilled MP who has brought many votes. does not develop in the state.
“This hospital is very important and should be well maintained and there should be no problems that affect the dignity.
He said that even now there are those who have received new currency in lakhs and crores as it has been revealed and this shows that it encourages corruption in the country through this act.
A strong nation is also a nation that owns and manages the market, trade and commerce.
He was arrested on July 15, 2023 for failing to cooperate with the police in the investigation against the illegal coal mines.
In the men's category, Sacred Heart Boys Higher Secondary School won the first prize, Savio Junior Higher Secondary School won the second prize and Savio Junior Higher Secondary School won the second prize. Mawlai Christian Secondary School came third.
He said that there was a complaint against the former Acting Syiem and it was after a thorough consideration that the District Council was able to remove him (Ricky) and appoint him as the new Acting Syiem.
“Whenever it is found that BJP followers have died, they accuse and point fingers at the TMC without any proof, many such incidents have happened.
The two Chief Ministers of Assam-Meghalaya recently signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) before Union Home Minister Amit Shah to end the 50-year-old border dispute. skip.
“We have come to inspect the land in Umsning which is about 2 acres together with the Umsning Town Dorbar,” said Donkupar. forward to provide the documents for submission to the council.
Lano and started this Mgt.
In the case of tea and food shops, they have been directed to set up fewer chairs or benches than usual in order to keep one customer away from another.
The residents have to stand in long lines for hours especially during the holidays or even during the holidays, where many residents from all over the country come especially from the surrounding areas. The Bangladesh border is the same.
The Seng questions whether there is anything behind these political parties to talk about the railway.
The district authorities hold regular meetings with the Rangbah Shnongs while the Block Development Officers visit the villages to raise awareness and support the initiatives taken in the villages across the state.
The reason for this is that the traders have taken advantage of the price of Synsar which is 13,000 per quintal while in Kongthong they buy not more than 10,0
Shillong: U Congress MLA from Mawsynram, Bah HM Shangpliang, has praised and congratulated the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma for recognizing the cultivation of synsar in the forest.
“We would like to invite the people to give their opinion on the proposal to pass a law on village authorities,” he said.
The KSU and the MPUF have lodged a complaint with the DC, East Jaintia Hills and accused the shop of selling rice. plastic on the 7th of May.
There are 23,214 people undergoing treatment in Mumbai.
On this occasion, the school also honored the students who have excelled in their studies and the teachers who have served for more than 25 years. .
The President of the MZP said that the Mizoram government has set up a team to look into the case, but for more than three months there has been no sign that they are working.
But if this journalist is just talking, you should arrest him, and if you can't arrest him, you are wrong.
As it is now, Garo friends are the ones who are moving forward and there will be no difficulty in understanding the fact that within our own state there should be no discrimination in employment. the unity of the state.
The Office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, in collaboration with the Office of the District Sports Officer, Jowai will hold a marathon known as 'Run for Democracy' on the 20th of June.
The meeting was held at the Dorbar Hall of Nongkhlaw Village.
The most common cause of skin cancer is melanoma.
Speaking to reporters, the residents of the area said that although they have lodged many complaints with the government to urge them to take action to repair the road, nothing has been done yet. There were those who took action until the road was badly damaged and affected the passengers.
Shillong, November 15: Police have found the body of a man lyngktar on the balcony of MATI Campus opposite Mawdiangdiang Police Station on the 7th of this month at 3 pm. Outpost.
Then the disciples were afraid, thinking it was a ghost.
We have sent our request to Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Once the tax is paid, the Director of Mineral Resources (DMR) will start issuing permits for the transportation of the goods within three months, according to the NGT order dated July 2014 and each permit shall be valid for 30 days and each truck shall carry a load of less than 9tons.
Many of the residents of the area have been affected by the incident.
“When someone is injured, the neighbors have to help but to accuse the perpetrators is wrong,” said Bah Mawlong. Police.
Water can be used for planting, drinking, cooking, cleaning and other purposes.
Shillong: The State Legislative Assembly today expressed its deep sorrow over the passing away of Mawphlang MLA, Bah SK Sun.
Lakshya, who won the gold medal at the Commonwealth Games, lost 17-21, 24-22, 17-2 Feng in a closely fought match that lasted 1 hour and 16 minutes at the BWF Super 300 on Saturday night.
As the union we understand that the biggest challenge for the state government will come after the fight against Corona Virus is over.
Principal Health Secretary, Sampath Kumar, IAS also took part in the workshop.
In the men's semi final on 14th June 2020, Black Mamba won by 63 to 59 baskets against Phudmuri 'A' while Nongpdeng 'B' won by 64 to 29 baskets against Phudmuri. B'.
I'm not at the airport.
When I saw their game, they played well.
According to the source, the Maruti car driven by Tengsim G Momin, 46, was on its way to Shillong, but when it reached the scene, a truck could not be allowed to stop. I saw the number and went to drive your car.
Immediately after standing up for the second time from his seat, the Minister immediately continued his longest speech for about 2 minutes and then sat down again and the meeting ended.
Das will take over the post left by Urjit Patel, who resigned from his post yesterday.
Samla Albert Maring in a statement said that many of the electricity posts in the village are in danger and could collapse at any time, but no action has been taken by the authorities. These electrical posts are located in the middle of the village road.
Meanwhile, in Khanduli Village under 1-Nartiang Assembly Constituency, there are two polling stations each for men and women. Umshangiar and Umplu.
It can be seen how the authorities from overseas, whether they are dohlieh or dohїong, are more likely to rape Khasi women than Dkhar women and it has been found that Khasi women marry openly and dohlieh and dohїong, while There are no Dkhar women in the state.
Police have also seized the knife used by the suspect to stab his mother.
He also recalled the times of crisis when the country lost three Prime Ministers who were still in office – Nehru Ji, Shastri Ji and Indira Ji.
The better ones are more expensive and the poorer ones are less expensive.
“These disputed areas were identified by the Joint Official Committee of Meghalaya and Assam which resulted from the talks between the Chief Ministers of these states on 25th June 1983,” he said.
The research is whether there is a fire or a collapse of the Dam.
The Chief Minister told the House in October 2016 that the State Government has lost T.600 crore in revenue per annum from the coal blockade, which has lasted for nearly two years. consecutive years.
When contacted by BJP President Ernest Mawrie, he could not give the figures as he has not yet received the figures from the constituencies, but he will wait for the decision of the people on 2nd October
There are also roads that have been cut off especially in the area of ​​Maheshkhola village on the border of Ranikor and Bangladesh where the residents have faced stones in coming and going and delivering food items.
In Baghmara, the chief guest was Thomas A Sangma, MLA Tura and 15 groups took part in the parade.
Shillong, November 10: HSPDP workers from Nongstoin constituency have strongly opposed the statement of Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit who alleged that HSPDP MDC from Nongstoin Bah LG Nongsiej did not support the party candidate in this election. the recent midterm elections.
Nongpoh: U Bah Starling Laking, 69, of Bara Killing village in Ri Bhoi district, has gone missing since the 11th of this month at 2:30 pm. he has not yet returned home.
Phrangki Buam scored the first goal for Manipur.
According to sources, the weather conditions have become more foggy and dark and if this weather conditions suddenly increase, it may also affect the health of Khasi and Garo live in Delhi.
The book, which St. Margareth sold to the students, is on the subject of Environmental Education for Class IX students, which the MBOSE has named Frank Environmental Education with the writings showing the announcement. St. Margareth's has sold a book called Environmental Education (which does not have the notification of T.70 tyngka). BOSE).
“We have seen their complaint that if they suspend, it will affect those who are elderly, but it will not affect if the government gives its will, if we are in government. “Let's stop now and count the years of suspension and allow them, why can't we do that if they have the will,” he said.
On this occasion, the NOC of the Syiem of Hima Maharam was also read out.
After this, some journalists also gathered at one place and decided to take any decision in this regard before gathering the news from the protest.
The I-League has 11 teams including Lajong, Aizawl, Neroca, East Bengal, Mohun Bagan, Chennai City, Gokulam Kerala FC, Minerva Punjab FC, Real Kashmir FC, AIFF Development Team – Indian Arrows and Churchill Brothers.
Sngawbhalang Dhar in his speech said that the presence of this Court in West Jaintia Hills will help in bringing about clean and transparent governance and said that this building is the 9th in the state even though it is a small state. but it is not sufficient for the construction of the courts.
Shillong: The MLA of the 17th North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has urged the government to shoot those who pass through the military bases. All 60 MLAs have decided to withdraw troops from Shillong.
This is the time of India's prosperity,” he said.
Then David's father cut the cow's hooves with a knife and broke the wheat before slaughtering the cow.
Hek said the decision to contest the election is up to the BJP leaders in Delhi as there will be a survey on the candidates who can win the election.
The march started from the ground floor of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat and proceeded to Mawkyrwat Market and ended at Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat. spirit cried out.
you have 20seconds and you have to wait for half an hour.
I have built Zion with blood, and Jerusalem with blood.
This is according to my own experience.
The President of the NCYI, Justice JB Koshy, delivered the opening speech and reminded the youth to take responsibility for their responsibilities in their respective areas.
JSU Central Body President Jersom Shylla in the presence of other JSU leaders and members has confirmed the office bearers of the Demthring Unit. The transformer has been left standing without any protection from bloodshed in Bambthong for many years.
, (Zoo) B.Ed.
Conrad was speaking after being asked about the vacancy of the Speaker's seat in the Legislative Assembly after the sudden death of Dr Donkupar Roy, who was also the president of the UDP which was also in the MDA government. Shillong: Two traffic policemen, Head Constable Victorious Lyngkhoi and Stepjakrikra Sangma U/B, have received the Best Traffic Policeman Award 2019 for their outstanding service. for the purpose of regulating traffic in the city.
It was built by the house of Josebita Kharkrang on the ground floor of their house along the road.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 12: Ten days after the bridge on the Umshangkhar River at Larem village, Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton was cut off. Lyngdoh Tongkhar today, 12th October, 2024 in the presence of officers from the PWD (Roads) Department inspected the condition of the bridge.
In his speech, the Minister stressed the need for the cooperation of all to bring peace and order in the society especially in these days when alcohol and drug trafficking in the state has increased.
Speaking during his election campaign at the Dorbar Shnong Kynshi Mawria on the 24th June 2023 and taking the final part of the campaign, Bah Mawria said, “People are blocking the wealth they are blocking, they are trying as much as they can, once the people want me and the people are ready for me to be a leader, no one can stop me.
Shillong, March 18: Three candidates will contest the Sirdar Raid Shabong election to be held on 11th November
Police immediately stopped these trucks but the truck coming from Khliehriat did not stop at all and the driver of the truck drove away.
Titosstarwell Chyne said that Paul Lyngdoh has also joined the UDA in supporting the formation of a new EC within the KHADC. he added that it is strong for the sake of serving the people of the state.
“Our children are the future of the country and those children who have learned will bring glory to the family, the community and the country as a whole for the development of the country. The meeting was conducted by the Officiating Commander of 30 Bn BSF, Dawki, Vikram Sharma in the presence of the Dy.Commander of BSF, Scientist of ICAR, Umiam, Dr. Pankaj Baiswar, Rangbah Shnong, residents and school children.
It is learned that his brother, Sumit Misra, has received money on several occasions and the money, which should have gone to the BSS, has gone to his personal benefit.
Therefore, if Garo Hills is handed over to the TMC, the future of the party will be dark but we don't want this. I'm inside the party.
Speaking to reporters, the leaders of the Longkmie said that after receiving the correct information, they threw away all the drugs. They said that there are places where illegal drug traffickers have hidden with the intention of selling illegally near the meat market. They conducted a raid and seized them on the 29th of this month at 11.30 am. morning.
Domjyrti SC scored 109 runs for the loss of nine wickets in 20 overs.
The number of cases has risen to 669 from 652 a day ago.
Kanimozhi, DMK leader and Lok Sabha MP, today demanded the immediate dismissal of Vaidya Rajesh Kotecha, Secretary, AYUSH. Young people who don't speak Hindi, from the training center for doctors.
Among these Israelis, 17 are Thais and several others from other countries.
Ladthadlaboh scored the first goal of the match through Banteilang Shylla (60).
Mawlasnai Police Outpost, not only assisted the victim, but also took action to arrest the two suspects. The investigation into the incident is ongoing, said Bah GD Kharwanlang.
Narendra Modi has announced that he married Jashodaben in his swearing-in ceremony for the Vado Rada Lok Sabha Constituency on Tuesday. , for the first time, although all the time, he left the topic blank.
Shortly after, the Assam police released the four journalists after talks between officials from Meghalaya and Assam.
After being elected as the new and youngest leader in the history of the SSA, Mr. Eugeneson said that as the SSA Team, we will continue to work hard, because Sports is no longer a job for entertainment, but now sports is a profession and how much should the SSA officials, if they They can continue to guide other children of the state to open the door for the various sports that the SSA oversees.
“When the party decides to send me to go on hunger strike, I will go as a party soldier,” said Ardent.
On this occasion, the Union congratulates all the medal winners including the players, coaches and managers.
According to the latest news, a case has been registered against these four employees of Jowai District Jail after their arrest.
However, it was only Bah Sanbor Shullai who sent a letter to the state government to revive the MDC post after the government's nomination act has not come into force.
Placards reading “Where is the future of the students? Even their rights are being violated”.
The NGT has approved the request of the state government to extend the transportation of coal along with the payment of taxes and fees to the Meghalaya Environmental Restoration Fund from 15th June to 15th June.
On the same day, he also visited the Indoor Stadium where he witnessed the ongoing work.
On this occasion, the Chief Guest together with the leaders of the party also cut the cake for the 10th Anniversary of the party.
That's what God is.
In a video statement, the party leader Paresh Barua said the victims included Dhanjit Das and Sanjib Sarma.
They said, even if the precious things are destroyed, they don't become anything.
She said that if there is any incident between a foreigner and a Khasi, the Khasi is always arrested. Longkmie should be like a longkmie to stand up for the country and the nation.
The winners of the Men's and Women's Singles received a cash prize of T.10,000, while the runners-up received T.8,0
This has caused loss of livelihood and suffering to many of the residents of Shella Village which has affected the livelihood and income of the people and therefore the office is requested to allow Those who cannot pay their bill once in these months should pay 2 times or 3 times as much as they can without any penalty.
After half an hour, Laitkor scored another goal in the 36th minute through Ïawanlang Nongbet.
It has set a goal to connect all the villages with proper roads and bridges.
That is the purpose of the Public Hearing.
Aircraft from around the world have reportedly stepped forward to help evacuate UK people who are still in various parts of Afghanistan.
The BJP wants to give, not take advantage like other parties.
There are 8 recoveries from the disease.
In the women's under 18 category, Sibsing Memorial Govt.
He recalled that the State has already requested the NTA to set up CUET centers in all 12 districts of Meghalaya which will be located in schools which have all the necessary facilities to conduct the CUET centres. Assam Minister Pijush Hazarika on Tuesday said that the Khasi-Pnar people on the border of Jaintia Hills and Karbi-Anglong are being harassed by the Khasi-Pnar people. They are not from Assam.
The Dorbar Shnong Lumkshaid, Shillong in collaboration with the Shillong Municipal Board will conduct a cleanliness drive on the 17th (Saturday) starting at 8 pm.
This will also include 59 other apps, developed by China, as the Indian government has banned them from today on mobile phones and other devices.
Shillong: U Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit has not yet announced whether he will contest the Lok Sabha MP election
If anyone speaks badly and doesn't want to believe, he will be caught first and thrown into the same hole.
Gopinath, who is the judge, said that in what form has the journalist been arrested now, when it is the news, published in June 2018, in which the police arrested him, in the Section 124 of the IPC. Gopal's arrest is based on an article he wrote in his magazine in June 2018, involving Banwarilal Purohit, the incumbent Governor and Nirmala. Devi, in which she alleged that the Governor, has proposed to promote the teacher, by bringing young children to have sex with the Governor.
Members of the Legislative Assembly of the ruling Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA-2) including Ministers and MLAs have strongly condemned the violence in Tura during the talks between the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Minister of State Marcuise N Marak and groups have been involved in the protest to demand the making of Tura as the rainy season capital and the implementation of the Roster System.
In the men's category, Mairang Vidyajyat Inclusive Secondary School came second and in the women's category, Mairang Presbyterian English Secondary School came second.
Shillong, Naitung 9: It may be surprising that sohjew can burn but it is a fact that fire can be started from sohjew.
He urged all the shopkeepers to come forward to get the Tika as part of the prevention of COVID-19 as all the shopkeepers have a great role to play in protecting themselves, the customers and the shopkeepers. public salonsar in this disease.
The National Sports Day is a special day to remind us, and I encourage all the citizens of Meghalaya to participate in various sports and spread the joy of this sports month!"
It is on this basis that the party will not refuse to close down this illegal tax collection centre.
“The DC said that his office has recently sent two letters to the C&RD department but they have not responded,” said Passah.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: Officials of the PHE department have promised to complete the implementation of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme-III by October,
I met a young girl in ninth grade.
Jeremiah 51:20–22.
He said that the reason why the robbers left the Auto Rickshaw on the road was because the Auto Rickshaw was broken down and because they couldn't do anything else they left it. They immediately fled the scene to escape arrest or search for the theft of the Auto Rickshaw.
Regarding this complaint, the office of the Deputy Commission on 26th November 2019 has sent a letter of clarification to Bah D, Pohshna, Wahehshnong Ratcaherra to seek clarification from the Wahehshnong of Ratacherra. according to the laws of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District.
Neem and Pudina leaf juice : You can prepare this drink by mixing about 5 or so leaves of neem leaves, pudina and sohmylleng and dhunia seeds and a little water if necessary.
Such an incident should not happen in other schools, said the mother of the child.
A call was also made by clapping hands and tying objects such as plates and others to send a message to the leaders, teachers and other leaders and others to take action to bring the schools closer to the villages so that that these children should be able to go to school.
However, later on, the MLAs who were nominated, contested in the Supreme Court and won again. Dr Donkupar, who did not want to talk much about Bah Shylla, said that because Bah Shylla He admitted that he is no longer Shylla as before. The UDP in the mid-term MDC elections had given him ticket from Nongkrem through the confirmation of the UDP Nongkrem circle but he changed his mind.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad praised the Assam Rifles for organizing the tournament every year and said that the tournament is not only to open the door for the young players to showcase their talents. them but it is also a platform to bring people together in the community.
He said that the courses at the university are on Business Administration, Policy Research and Data Sciences which are included in the Law, which will help the students to be able to fight against the challenges of the country. I will come.
In the U-23 Col CK Nayudu Trophy plate group against Uttarakhand in Dehradun, Meghalaya were beaten by 140 runs for
The tournament was organized by the East Khasi Hills Cricket Association at the Shortimai Syiem Stadium, Smit.
The Palestinian Defense Ministry said on Sunday that Israeli shelling of the central Gaza Strip had killed 31 people.
Why do the illegal coal trucks continue to transport until now,,,,,,,,, to byrni hat.
ISIS has reportedly taken civilians, including women, to unknown places. A Syrian government official said that all this was intentional. which God wanted to cause conflicts throughout the city of Palmyra.
Gazette – Dulirsorkar is a document containing or publishing important statements of the Government for the purpose of enacting as law along with the rules included in any part of the report as enacted in the State.
In fact, the HYC had earlier announced that it would march from its office in Mawlai Nongkwar to the Secretariat, but on Saturday it announced that it has changed its plan to march from Mawlai. However, the march will start from Motphran to the Secretariat.
“Man cannot create a language by himself and languages ​​have existed hundreds of years ago and have been spoken from one generation to another and therefore, there needs to be only knowledge. improve the language, which already exists and there is no new creation of the language,” said the court.
He expressed his regret that at such a time when the Jaitbynriew needs unity to fight against many issues but he lodged a PIL to dissolve the District Council. against the Jaitbynriew,” he said, adding that the PIL of Bah Michael has destroyed the hope of the District Council.
He added that if the Government does not do anything in the coming days, the party will take action through the Union of Rangbah Shnong, Union of Sordar Shnong, Sordar Raid in collaboration with the villages. at the border.
They don't care about anything.
The tournament will be for the public and school children of West Khasi Hills District.
“As the Seng, we are concerned about the change of the environment, so we are doing this to educate the people of the area and the State as a whole, that as the citizens of the State we should “We understand that climate change will affect the human life of this heritage and future generations,” said Bah S.Nongkhlaw, Publicity Secretary of MC&GO in a statement.
In this regard, Dr.S Lyngdoh, DH&MO, Ri Bhoi District, said that the people who have contracted the disease have been infected with the known varieties of Kain pyrjong. called 'Aedes'
“Don't be overcome by shame and don't let success leave your brain,” he told the students.
The reason is that church groups are like schools, and heaven is like MBOSE. It is not good that there should be only one school in Shillong, because many children cannot go to school.
So far, reports have circulated that only out of the five Congress MLAs who have been suspended recently, about 2-3 of them will contest on the NPP ticket and the rest of them have The Trinamool Congress has 12 MLAs from Khasi Hills and Garo Hills under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma and Charles Pyngrope.
He said the teams are facing difficulties due to the weather conditions and the difficult terrain, but the search is ongoing.
At present we have 96.8 crore eligible voters and 12 lakh polling stations.
Besides the dismissal, the nine policemen will also be subjected to a thorough investigation by the Manipur Home Department.
When asked how he felt before the counting day whether he was worried about winning, he said, “I met you even when I was applying for tickets. I was sure to win and indeed it happened,” said Dios.
The meeting was conducted by the Waheh Shnong, Phrom Rymbai in the presence of other elders from the neighboring villages of the area. The demand was led by VPP leader Arden Basaiawmoit.
Ne-yo began to showcase his talent, starting with the song 'So Sick'
On the other hand, the KSU through its General Secretary Samla Ulysis Ryntong said that the KSU has a strong suspicion that this is the beginning of the expansion of the border of Greater Garo Land. This is the temptation of our Khasi brothers and sisters to join the Garo Hills for their own benefit and misleading.
Parnaik took over as Governor of Arunachal Pradesh from BD Mishra, who has taken over as the new Lieutenant Governor of Ladakh.
Umphyrnai Sports Club, Rangdajied United Football Club and PFR Academy won their matches in the SSA Under-14 (Boys) Football League 2023 organized by the Shillong Sports Association at Polo Ground. .
He said that as Khasi we are fortunate to have visionaries who know the power of knowledge, knowledge to move forward and freedom.
The State has witnessed that in the past 45 hours, there have been no new cases as well as recoveries and deaths.
The meeting decided to hold public hearings on this issue in Shillong and other district towns in the state and after that they will take the opinion of the people as well.
Hanssen joined the FBI in 1976 and began sending intelligence to the Soviet Union in
In the days of his arrest, there was a discussion between the district authorities to register Bah Kharbuli under the MPDA, but, apparently, there was a disagreement, in which he was removed. He was arrested in Shillong Jail.
During the inspection, the Seng found that these factories in Shahlang area are coal mining factories also known as Lane Coking Coal. About 70 foreigners are working in these factories without permits or labor license from the KHADC. These three coal mining factories include one in Diengjalong village. The factory was owned by a Khasi named Bah Shemphang Rynsiang and the members of the union suspected that the factory was working slowly. It may belong to Darmu Bomfillo, although it is not owned by a Khasi and it was found that there were more than 30 foreigners in the factory without documents.
“According to the newspaper reports, the government has also held a public hearing on the introduction of marten into our area, but that too is a lie. u Marsing Inheritance.
Question : Do these new laws also address the need for community service?
The four arrested were identified as Damanbha Ripnar of Umsning, Robinis Ripnar, Jill Tariang and Shining Nongrum of Ribhoi District.
Thousands of students, on 30th June 2013, took part in the march organized by the Education Cell of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC). , as part of the expression of full support to the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit who is still in the midst of a strike to force the government to amend the reservation policy in the state.
“They came here voluntarily without any payment to provide training to our teachers,” said Bah Nongsiang.
“However, the discussions have progressed and we are waiting for the right time to take a decision on this matter," he said.
His sudden death is a great loss not only to those who worked with him in the Bishop's House, the priests, brothers and sisters, relatives and friends, but especially to all the faithful of the Catholic Church of the Archdiocese of Shillong and the State of Meghalaya as a whole.
The Iewduh in the past was the Knia Market, the Khriam Market, the Duwai Market, the Phirat Market, the Nguh ka Dem Market, the Holy Religious Market, the Khasi Market, where the Dkhar lynkien, the kharlieh khariong, the foreigner doesn't have longtrai, he doesn't have inheritance, but he goes to buy and sell if he needs anything.
He said a committee has been set up to gather the necessary information to improve the bill and also to consider including men in the bill.
He also stressed on the importance of taxes to promote the development of the country and the state and urged the owners of vehicles to pay their taxes on time to avoid being fined. the payment of taxes by the owners of the vehicles.
In this time of ours, since the arrival of this pandemic, everyone has panicked and those who believe and those who do not believe in Jesus have been praying that God will have mercy on us and deliver us from this disease.
Many of them went to Shillong to buy food.
Iatyllilang Hungaria and Kairang SC won the second division football match of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) held at Diengshynrum Stadium on Saturday.
“The main purpose of the march is to express our strong opposition to the smoking plan of the state government under the leadership of the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma and this is a wake-up call to the nation,” he said. said the Working President of KHNAM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
Regarding employment, he said that it is now necessary to focus on the tourism sector as South West Khasi Hills District is one of the districts with many beautiful places. and to shape them requires the cooperation and support of the community.
Nunez scored in the 87th minute after Uruguay's defenders failed to block Messi's attempts.
"There too Hep woke up from his sleep and wondered why it was so.
The owner of New Fashion shop in Khyndai Lad, Abdul Mukit, has assaulted an employee of his shop, who informed the KSU which warned the foreigner.
He said that some leaders are not afraid of bullets, sticks or imprisonment, but they are afraid of Gandhi and that is because of money.
But have you ever thought about when to eat? Eating at the right time each day will bring you many benefits.
However, most of the rice in Khasi-Jaintia are probably only two species (that is, two groups).
Although Ten Hag has expected to strengthen at the back, it seems that the England international is still the best defender in the world.
In doubles, Lechan Suchiang and Dapmon Papang beat Hunbait Shadap Manar 21-18, 22-2
There is also a Little Theatre, where dramas and dances can be held.
The government has allocated Rs 40 crore for the purchase of piglets and Rs 1 crore for chickens to distribute to farmers.
Prestone Tynsong said the state government will provide vehicles to transport those who have returned to the state from the railway station, Guwahati.
He said the state government would take a final decision after receiving the recommendation based on the findings of the investigation.
I firmly believe that India will have to listen to our demands if we unite and I believe that Dr Jemino Mawthoh has the same goal.
At the same time, Archbishop Lyngdoh urged the faithful to join hands to eradicate poverty and disease, especially in the rural areas of Meghalaya.
The Bidens are in Cornwall, northern England, for the Group of Seven summit.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, has warned that there may be no political change in Meghalaya after the announcement of the results of the mid-term elections. in Sohiong constituency.
So far, only one person is still undergoing treatment in hospital.
MZO1R-0463 which smuggled seven (7) endangered hornbills.
Employment is the dream of many churches especially as parents have spent a lot of money for their children's education.
’Even science proves this.
Haggai 1:5Seek the LORD, and ye shall live; lest he break out like fire in the house of Joseph, and devour it, and there be none to quench it in Bethel.
Shillong: There have been 43 new cases of coronavirus in the state on Saturday, DHS(MI) Dr Aman War said.
This was a meeting of the Khasi people of all three districts under Barak, Cachar, Hailakandi and Karimganj districts.
Maradona fell ill on 30 March while coaching the Gymnasia and Esgrima team.
He said the government wants to implement this as demanded by the people and at the same time, it will create areas in the rural areas that will attract people to stay willingly and not without refusal.
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on the 13th of this month has filed a chargesheet against the APPSC. 2 people who were involved in a case related to the theft of examination questions.
This inspection is in preparation for the resumption of the Monolith Festival in the first or second month of November,
Therefore, all the voters of Mairang and Mawthadraishan Constituencies are urged to refrain from any extortion, intimidation, intimidation not to vote, intimidation, voting on religious or national grounds and also the encouragement of any acts of incitement and violence.
The SP of East Khasi Hills District, Bah M Kharkrang, said that during the investigation, Juntina had confessed that she had been misunderstood by the police of Jhalupara Outpost.
In one of the interviews, Aditi said that if she is offered to act in films that are interesting to her, she will never miss such an opportunity.
“If Meghalaya, which has only 29 lakh inhabitants, once the Hindus came, it would have been destroyed,” he said.
When they lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, the Union and the KSU not only informed them to lodge a complaint against the Assam's plan to implement the electricity scheme in Sabuda village, but also handed over the The petition protesting against the proposal of Assam to implement the electricity distribution scheme without informing the village authorities and even the Meghalaya government has not been informed.
The salary stagnation has made it difficult for teachers to pay school fees, household expenses, electricity expenses, medicines and other household expenses.
Here too, it must be said no because in this seventh contribution the farmers support and save the families of the buyers.
c) The pH of rainwater in Shillong (Lumkshaid) is 6.4, 6.16 and 6.28 (slightly acidic) and the pH of rainwater in Jowai (Lad Thalaboh) is 5.7, 5.8 and 5.95 (medium). ).
I congratulate the team for doing a great job," he said.
The driver of the motorcycle died shortly afterwards due to serious injuries and police are conducting investigation into the incident and to take legal action.
True, the swords (the forces of darkness) stand against the sun every moment in the spiritual sense to bring us back into bondage once again but God wants us to stand firm in the freedom of Christ.
The leaders and MDCs acknowledged that the post of CEM is the right of the HSPDP, which has the highest number of votes from the ARPA, but they said they want the HSPDP to hold the post. The UDP has appointed another leader in place of Bah Ardent, and this is a decision that the UDP stands by.
Shillong, Naitung 20 : The Seng Samla Mawlai Pylun on Tuesday requested the Minister in charge of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui to set up health centers for the youth. of Mawlai village who have fallen victim to drug addiction because many of the youths who come from poor families cannot afford to send themselves for treatment at private health centers due to the high cost of treatment and also The union requests the government to set up an Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) in Mawlai.
Line, who is a successful dog trainer, posted the picture on Instagram and said that Hugo is the one she raised with the two other dogs. dei spirit he para.
If anyone does not come, they will be punished according to the decision of the Dorbar Shnong and the Rangbah Dong will ensure in their respective villages that the cleaning should be done properly. fine.
He has spent his precious time not only teaching but in his spare time he has also taught boys and girls to play traditional musical instruments, to sing, to learn to compose songs in traditional Khasi melodies and how to make musical instruments.
It is interesting that various leaders from Punjab have carried the burden of these Harijans, who have grown up and have lived here for centuries. This is an example, that if you are a brother or sister, if you are in Meghalaya, Assam, London, New York, then it is your part to carry the burden, in life and death. even if it is illegal, it should be supported and made law.
“We want the Law Commission of India to withdraw its approval,” he said.
Parents used to tell their children, “When you have plenty of wheat, barley, rice bran, krai, pathaw, shriew, sohmynken... don't worry anymore, because you have all the food. year.
The two organizations, JYF and Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District demanding the suspension of the implementation of the UGO Billing Software by MeECL, Khliehriat Division. .
“At that meeting we decided to hold another meeting in the first or second week of April.
In villages adjacent to rivers, there should be strong barriers to prevent people from throwing garbage into the rivers.
BJP Chief Leader and Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Alexander Laloo Hek received the Dadasaheb Phalke Award.
Honey Bareh (Wahehshnong Lumputhoi) was the chief guest and this was announced by the Sport Secretary Shri Pynshngain Phawa.
On the other hand, there are people who, even if they are not rich, sell themselves at auction.
The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee, Vincent H. Pala, said that the party candidates do not want to reveal too much because they are afraid of being bought before the 2023 elections.
BAJENGDOBA, Jymmang 02 : The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K Sangma on Friday slammed the Trinamool Congress (TMC) especially its leader Dr Mukul Sangma for his betrayal. and to enrich the people of Garo Hills.
On the part of the experts who came to give the training including Rev Dr.HH Mohrmen who explained on the topics “Components of Leadership and Communication Skill” and “Community Development through Volunteering Opportunities to the District”, Merigold Papiah Adolescence Counselor on Personality Development and Life Skill, Sanatan Das on Azadi Ka Amrit Mohotsav, Sajeki Passah on Digital Literacy.
Nongpoh, July 10: Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem today inaugurated the Computer Lab of St. Joseph Higher Secondary School Umden, Umden. children's education in this era where computers are an essential part of education, which has been allocated through the SRWP scheme for the year 2021-2
According to Bah K.Shadap, Rangbah Shnong Syngku, he arrived at the village early in the morning and was first found by the villagers who immediately informed him as the Rangbah Shnong. so that this young man can get assistance and especially to inform the law enforcement authorities.
My phone number is
The registration was held at Keria village and the young man completed the registration of both of them, in which he was sworn in nine times by fire.
He said the BJP has tried to ban the consumption of beef, conversion and tried to remove the special job allocation for the people of the North East.
He said that the party has given a day to the BJP to do whatever is necessary and if it does not reach anything it will take other measures even to meet with the officials of the Ministry of Home Affairs.
We remember as the children of the country that from SESU in Secretariat Hill to Byrni where will the land of MeSEB go if MeSEB is auctioned to foreign officials? I request the Dorbar Shnongs to take action. to discuss, protest and challenge on this issue.
During the search operation, 170 grams of Charas were seized from them and these were taken to the police for further investigation.
He said that the Karbi farmers had been waiting for the fields since morning and when the farmers of Lapangap village went to check the water in the fields, they were shot by bird nests which lasted all day.
Therefore, the VPP's action was appropriate.
Speaking to media, Bah Erwin K Sutnga said that the meeting between the two parties was to inform him that many private vehicles from abroad come to the state without you don't have a Labor Licence.
Tynsong also urged the people to protect themselves from this virus, he said that this virus is not new and people have been well trained how to protect themselves from this virus. disease.
Other villages that have emerged after our village have made progress in terms of economic development, but this village has remained stable, although it is the oldest village in the area. added.
Speaking at a function held at the Major Dhyanchand Stadium in Delhi on Friday, Modi expressed his appreciation to the athletes, coaches and physiotherapists and others who have set records in China.
It is at this time that attracts people from all over the state to visit this village especially when the sky is dark, because since a few years ago, only in this village can witness the celebration. Christmas is celebrated throughout the year, with the lighting of forty kinds of lights throughout the village.
The election will be held on 11 June.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has received complaints from applicants at NEIGHRIMS Hospital for posts other than nursing and others, regarding the conduct of examinations in other states.
Besides, the youth of Meghalaya need a change in mindset, to enable them to achieve these great goals to achieve their own potential.
Editor: Nalarympei Production.
Former MLA of Jowai Sing Mulieh was the chief guest in the presence of L Lakhon, Chairman of the village, RR Suchiang and other invitees. .
He said that the authorities have expressed that perhaps it is the weight of the job that the doctor has spoken harsh words against the patient that night despite the authorities. they shall take the necessary action in connection with this incident.
Earlier, during the elections, he had taken Rajnath Singh to a Catholic Convent to pray in Lucknow on Sunday, fearing defeat.
Many of our people do not understand this working culture of companies and feel that they can do whatever they want like government employees.
After the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister said that it has been approved to set up the Meghalaya State Commission for Protection of Child Rights in the state to protect the children in the state.
It is for this reason that hundreds of youths have turned out today to hold this rally even though it was announced only through the media.
And here there is no other way for people but to BELIEVE, because whoever BELIEVES – shall never perish – shall have eternal life.
He added, “If you look at the Bible, it clearly states the duties and dates that a ruler must fulfill because it is a heavy and sacred job.
Mebanpynshai Warjri and BS Rawat took 2 wickets each for MeECL. In the chase, the batsmen of MeECL were all defeated for the purpose of scoring. 87 runs in 16.2 overs.
He said that the office of the Superintendent of Police has already conducted training programs on drug abuse and illicit trafficking across the district.
Shillong: U Dr. Balajied Sing Syiem, Syiem of Khyrim Hima, said that the protest is not over with the KSU and will not surrender if the government tries to attack us from all sides. , today handed over the certificate to Bah Sojol Kharrymba as the Sordar of Raid Lyngkhat, Sawraid after he won the mid-term election in Raid Lyngkhat which was held on 28th November 2019 after the death of former Sordar Bah K.K. Tangsong.
Shillong: Police in Shillong today raided the National Institute of Paramedical Technology (Bharat Sevak Samaj) in Lower Lachumiere, Shillong.
Shillong, Lber 31: In the days ahead of the Lok Sabha MP elections, there have been many allegations and suspicions within the Congress party. Vincent Pala's candidate.
Two fake Aadhaar cards, a Bangladeshi passport and several documents were recovered from one of the accused.
After the EC meeting, there was another meeting of all the MDCs of ARPA, in which the CEM said that all 15 members of ARPA attended the meeting. They also discussed the meeting convened by the Chief Minister with the District Council and Rangbah Shnong.
Therefore, she urges the youth to avoid the evils that are trying to destroy the longrynieng and calls to encourage the youth to avoid the evils and to strive forward to become successful in education. to the Kur and to the nation.
They demanded that the central government should implement the Kamalesh Chandra Committee Report and vowed that if the central government does not listen to their demand they will stop the distribution of letters and Aadhaar to different places.
In this regard, China has not commented on the damage to the facility for Chinese citizens in Ukraine.
The match will be played at the NEHU Permanent Campus, Shillong.
Mulang Ialong beat Dulong 3-2 in the final of the Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
Even if it’s just a guess.
“We have provided free home care through PHCs. Through HWCs, our aim is to screen for breast cancer, cervical cancer, hypertension, diabetes and others,” she said.
He said that the construction of the Nongstoin-Rambrai-Kyrshai road could start next year, if there is no delay.
We have come here to protest by leaving our children at home because for three months we have not received salary, food and drink and we cannot provide for our children.
Police have tried to talk to the manager but he did not come to the scene. After a thorough investigation, police will send the sample from the pump and motorcycle for testing.
According to the Minister, there are modern equipment which can test the construction of the road to know whether it is adequate or not.
Village Headman-Mr.
“If all the villages allow the construction of Kpep Thangbriew, what is the problem in Mylliem?, If Mother Teresa served other people with love without prejudice even if they belong to any religion, is it right? “Why don't you feel different from those who are still holding on to their own traditional religion?” said the statement.
Jowai MLA Ma Wailadmiki Shylla today distributed foodgrains to 10 households in 10 villages.
In the first leg, Iong I Dahi beat Nangbah Khloopano 4-1
Tynsong said that the RTI applicant has compared the RTI with the reply from the Assembly and said that the state government does not have to hide only 10 tyngka, where even the commas, fullstops, do not disappear. but they have lut.
We have met with the CS to ask where this matter has reached,” said James.
These Chief Officers said that according to the procedure, the contribution to the NHM should come from 90% from the Central Government and 10% from the State Government.
“The court cannot do much for the people or to protect the environment if the state government does not care about the welfare of the residents,” the High Court said.
Jowai, Nailur 18: A group of youths of Iooksi Pyllun Village including Iooksi Iapkhla, Priang, Umdeinlin, Kyanmynsar and Tongkiad have gathered at the Community Hall of Iooksi Thlong on Saturday. to discuss issues related to the election campaign of Nehemaya Tyngkan.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Joint Secretary, UGC Guwahati Office, Dr. Mohammad Arif, stressed the importance of education which he described as the key to economic development. of the country.
The Executive Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Wankhraw Kupar Kharbuli, Border Magistrate, Barister Niang, DSP AJ Sangma and a team of police rushed to the scene and found the road workers and the victims. JCB vehicles are still working on the road.
The 1961 Census shows that the SC & ST population was 14.64% and 6.80%.
The JHCMA has already submitted a petition to the Minister of Transport, who visited the weighbridges in Jaintia Hills on Monday.
The Last Mile Connectivity Project, led by the Department of Information Technology and Communication (IT&C), has extended the Internet to the remote parts of the state to ensure that the residents of the state can access the Internet. The implementation of 100 Mbps Link in Tura shows the ability of the state government to provide Internet in different areas by addressing the challenges related to the situation. in the landscape.
The increase in excessive sleep during childhood, although not immediately affecting, can be a cause of poor health in the future.
Shillong, June 27 : The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Seng Riewlum, which has joined the MDA government, will not be able to clarify the issue of border demarcation. The Hills Association of the State has not demanded a review of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between the Government of Meghalaya and Assam to resolve the six disputed areas.
Nongpoh, Naitung 13: In the past few days, there have been allegations that the NEEPCO office will be moved to Guwahati and there have been demands from the Seng Bhalang that it should be moved to Shillong. It is alleged that senior officials of NEEPCO including the CMD have been working from Guwahati and have not come to Shillong.
Similarly, Hanuma Vihari, who is the leading player for the country's Test team, has been relegated from the current list.
According to sources, from the constituencies where the party has not yet announced its candidates, the party can nominate old candidates and not new candidates. or candidates who lost the 2013 MLA elections who are party members.
However, it was reported that at that time the children were talking loudly and there was a heavy clash between the police and the Ranikor children.
After the discussion, the EM I/C Elaka agreed and said that all these things are just personal violence.
He said that there are many leaders who have been trained by this school, and to see it in this way, it is shocking and surprising.
The author of an inquiry into the nature and causes of nations, published in 1776, wrote: “To give me what I want, and you shall have what you want, is the motto of nearly all agreements; and it is by this that we have more desire than need.
As the Waheh Shnong, he would like to remind that as soon as these incidents happened, he went to the office of the Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills District to inform and write a memorandum to request him if possible. to strive to provide assistance and repairs first as it is a school that needs to be reopened.
Advertising “I hereby appoint Gurpreet Singh Palheri, son of Supinder Singh, resident of Palheri, Mohali district, Punjab, as my representative to attend the meetings and to He will look into the affairs of the poor in my constituency in Gurdaspur (Punjab), together with the relevant authorities,” said the letter, which was headed by Deol.
In 2019, there were 17.4 lakh VVPAT machines used for the Lok Sabha and State Legislative Assembly elections. these are machines, bad.
Through this inspection, Dr Mukul Sangma said that he is not satisfied with the preparation of the state government to convert the hospitals for Covid-19 patients in these two places, as no one has seen them yet. He said that the MDA government has been able to convert the Covid-19 hospitals in these areas and alleged that the MDA government has been deceiving the people without doing anything like the MDA government. has already been promised.
Many times the defeat of MLAs/MDCs after 10 terms is because their promises and the work they do does not match.
Shillong: U Bah HS Shylla, candidate of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHDA), has won the CEM election of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
Any country that applies this principle is truly a blessed country, because it is walking in the right direction.
However, the first reason for the formation of the PDF is the loss of two EMs by the ARPA, the second is the loss of KHUDA and the third is the loss of Bah Pynshngain as The Leader of the Opposition, but has not yet reached the goal of dissolving the EC. It is worth mentioning that journalists have met with Bah Pyniaid to talk to him on the formation of the PDF and the withdrawal. However, Bah Pyniaid has not yet been able to speak to reporters, and has scheduled to speak tomorrow.
A few minutes later, Lajong defenders managed to block Samuel Shadap's attempt from Donboklang.
The terms of reference of the committee is to take decisions on the implementation of the Reservation Roster and to submit a report to the State Government within 15 days from the date of establishment of the committee.
Donbok also thanked the police for witnessing the flag raising ceremony.
The NPP has four MLAs, the NPF has four MLAs, the LJP has one MLA and one independent MLA and the TMC MLA also supports the coalition government. in Manipur.
According to information received, MeCEL has shown that it has purchased electricity from 13 foreign companies to fill the electricity shortage in the state.
They sent these SMS to the personal number and also to the office number of the SP. After being arrested, they confessed to the police that they had planned to kill the SP by planning to attack his house. They also confessed that they tried to kill him by shooting him dead.
The IASO MIDCON to be held in Shillong is a testimony to the IASO's goal to build such facilities in India.
The award will be given only to those who have passed and won in the above mentioned categories in 2022 and 2023, and also to students and youth. of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar District, who are full citizens of the District.
And, behold, angels came and ministered unto him.
Together, the pair contributed 51 runs for the team in 5.3 overs.
Tura, March 24 : Nambie Jessica Marak from Garo Hills has reached the 12th position of MasterChef India
In the second match between War United FC and Kynshewlang FC, the fans of both the teams expected their team to win as the match was very strong and at the end of the match, War won. United FC beat Kynshewlang FC 2:1
He said that these two schools have been fully equipped and in line with the standards of other schools and the mission supports the poor families to provide them with free education. funds for poor families and also for children in need are quickly provided with educational assistance.
However, we are surprised at the government's failure to issue advertisements for the posts of Asst Teachers in Upper Primary Govt Schools.
He said the Prime Minister has said that he will call together to discuss this issue between KHADC, SNSBH and the government on how to expedite the process.
Ardakirang Rymbai tied 62 runs off 86 balls and Grateful Lyngkhoi scored 22 runs off 27 balls.
The Lok Sabha elections are approaching and as it is now only a few months, political parties have started preparing to nominate candidates for the elections.
Conrad said this while speaking at the opening ceremony of the 100th anniversary of the hospital founded by Dr.H Gordon Robert in
To revive forests and plant many kinds of trees.
Besides Rikut, Fivestar Suiam, who is the General Secretary of the Mowkaiaw Block Congress Committee (MBCC), has been elected as the Secretary.
Lumparing SC took the lead through Barishisha Kharkongor in the 32nd minute but Barina Marbaniang (36min) scored the equalizer for Nongkolew SC. The first match of Group B will be between Nongthymmai SC and Maw-U-Tieng at 1 pm on Tuesday. In Group A, Laitkor SC will play against Thynroit SC at 3:30 pm.
In this 75th year of independence, Prime Minister Duh has urged us to come together to celebrate the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav and turn it into a mass protest.
Regarding the cleanliness of these two rivers, the residents of Nongstoiñ are very fortunate, because every rainy season the nature is the greatest helper to clean up the garbage. jabaiñ is not here.
Jaiswal confirmed that the BJP will win 36 out of 40 Lok Sabha constituencies by contesting the General Election next year. come in 2024.
The ACHIK Leader said that the participation of the people has increased with the passing of the days and announced that he and Balkarin will not accept no as an answer.
Two IOs (Investigation Officer) GU Wahlang who was the CI of Khliehriat and Inspector DH Pde at that time, were appointed to conduct the investigation but they concluded with the FR (Final Form) by He said there is no evidence to allege that the Jowai police have done anything wrong.
Speaking to reporters, Chyne said, “Since 2018, there have been meetings with the farmers who have lodged complaints that the farmers have lost kilos. However, when Pynïaid Singh Syiem became Chairman in 2019, we had a special committee to take action on this issue”.
In particular, the Seng urges the public to be vigilant and refrain from spreading false news without investigating from the ground up.
These tablets were distributed to the registered Class XI students from the district, bringing the total number of registered students in the district to
Organized by NuernbergMesse India, the three-day exhibition will feature a wide range of products made according to the latest technology and information on arts and crafts. and modern technology used.
Shillong, Nailur, 22: The State Government through the PHE Department today sent a proposal to the Central Government to include the villages in New Shillong Township (NST) under the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) scheme. for the supply of water to every household in these villages.
She said that corruption is a threat to the nation and the state.
In this case, a security guard was sent to Mawkyrwat Block to shoot.
He said that the land resources in these rural areas do not fall under the jurisdiction of the Councils and should be handed over to them.
On the other hand, the MDC of Nongstoin, Bah LG Nongsiej, has met with the Deputy Commissioner of WKHD, Bah T.Lyngwa. He said that he has already directed the officers in charge to send the report this month so that the DC can send it back to the government next month to expedite the delivery of relief measures. sha who is affected.
She represented the state in the 84th UTT Senior National and Inter State Table Tennis Championship 2022 held at the Gymnasium Hall, University, Jammu.
J.M. Appointed as Secretary.
Speaking to reporters, the Sordar of Tynring Raid, Bah W Nongrum, said that the Tynring Raid Shnat has been in existence since 1839, and the people living in the village In these 6 villages, only the farmers from War Nohron and other places.
Shillong: The Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that even if Adelbert Nongrum, MLA of North Shillong, wants to leave the party, he will not be able to leave the party. she.
She lived at ICAR Pyllun Damsite and the cause of her death was ARDS.
In his speech, Bah Staising reminded the students that sports activities are the foundation stone to have a spirit of cooperation as a team and this will help to develop the spirit of cooperation in the society as well. students to demonstrate their leadership skills, discipline in various fields.
At the same time, the UDP MLA also expressed the need to build the road from Khatkhasla and Mojem, because most of the time when there are clashes, the Karbi block the roads by throwing trees and digging them. They were forced to pass through the Khasi-Pnars.
After the arrest of the suspect, the residents of Mupliang village handed him over to the police.
Shillong: The President of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU), Commander Shangpliang, today spoke on many issues faced by the farmers of the state at the meeting of the National Level Conference Consultative Group held at Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh.
