In another report, the Delhi High Court has ordered the police to lodge a complaint against BJP leader Kapil Mishra and others for their insulting remarks. Tushar Mehta, Solicitor General, did not inform the Police Commissioner.
She was one of the mothers at that time who faced many difficulties and trials where the fire destroyed their house three times, she lost her daughters in the middle of age, the fire he prayed in my house.
For the Khasi Christians, if they are truly founded, the Exodus to the Land of Sohpetbneng, is fulfilled at the annual Passover of the Spring – not just a commemoration of the Exodus to the promised land, but the journey from the promised land to the promised land.
Jowai, July 23: Sohphoh FC has won the final of the 3rd Sniawbhalang Football Tournament 2023-2024 which was held today at the Sportsajer Complete Multi Stadium. , West Jaintia Hills District.
In Ri Bhoi District, 3 cases are from Umsong Cluster and in West Khasi Hills, 1 case is from Umsong Cluster.
Seimon Shylla.
On the other hand, Bah DD Lapang also expressed his gratitude to the CEM for remembering to visit him on this occasion.
Lanong said the UDP cannot say anything on the decision of the High Court to condemn the eviction of the residents, but whatever the decision of the High Court must be accepted. .
The purpose of the opening of this evening school is to train the residents of this village which has about 400 households to learn to read and write and also to count.
Meghalaya urgently needs the ILP and other laws that can protect our small paid Ri Hynniew Trep Hynniew Skum but if the CAB doesn't come to shock the people we won't have the ILP. MDCs or MPs and civil society organizations and the people are still asleep.
The group also wants the Defense Minister to discuss the implementation of the Chittagong Hill Tracts (CHTs) with the Bangladesh government when he visits the country on 4th October. 2021.
This decision of Bah SK Sun, came after a public meeting, which was held today, in which about 9,000 people from all over the Mawphlang Constituency, where they proposed with their support. Sun will contest the 2018 elections and they also want him to contest as an independent candidate.
Members of the HYC have arrested Bah Phai Skhem from Nongmensong this morning at 10 am and have locked him up in such a way that he will not be able to escape. kdong you.
“We feel that it is the duty of any Government to respect each and every religion by allowing these religions to follow their own beliefs and not to replace them with the rules of the Uniform Civil Code,” he said.
Food items including rice, wheat, dai, oil and biscuits were donated by Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA through the MLA Salary amounting to Rs.1, 66, 000/- (Money Shi Lak Hynriewphe hynriew thousand) as a sign of support to these poor families and also encouraged the members of the Local Covid Management Committees to continue to help in any of their problems as he has always supported. in the past since the beginning of the lockdown.
India was not created or known by that religion but by the union of states including the It ki Hima which joined themselves and some of them forcibly joined and forcibly signed the Instrument of Accession. and thou shalt smite them with the edge of the sword.
Shillong, Nailar 26: U Marking Gulf Lyngdoh Langrin, who has been involved in the fight against uranium since he was 7 years old, is now ready to contest the Raninor MLA election in .
“On the night of the 11th, March, when my daughter went to pick up Mohan from Lum paring, as soon as she reached his house, she called Mohan and he ran into the car; “Even though his family members have banned him,” said Bah George, adding that for this reason, Mohan's family members have called the village accusing her of kidnapping him.
When he heard the words of Lok, Bah Shanbor understood that it was really difficult.
The recent incident in which Assam police have seized 10 lakh bags of FCI rice which was supposed to be distributed to the poor families of the state from a private warehouse in Assam.
“The Expenditure Observers will monitor these constituencies so that the use of money will not work at all in this election,” said Bah Kharkongngor. .
In the second half, 7Wasa played well, with Burom Salahe scoring three goals in the 1st minute through a hat-trick. 47, 52 and 57 which brought victory to the team.
In their statement, Bah Luistar Lyngdoh said that the government should allow any person from another state to use the land.
This was announced by the MeECL officials to the Assembly Committee on Environment headed by Bah SK Sun MLA Mawphlang who passed away.
“Due to the heat of the day and to ensure the safety of the students, all schools in Dangar area under Mawsynram Block will be closed from the 21st of this month for one day. , or, until further notice,” the Deputy Commissioner said in a statement sent to the media.
Jaylynn M Marak of South Garo Hills took the most wickets with 15 wickets.
In Karnataka, where Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman and Congress leader Jairam Ramesh are contesting, they have received 46 votes each. you result.
“Let them seek the Public Information Act from the Ministry of Home Affairs which has been repealed so that they can get clarity because they don't trust the government,” he said. reporter today after the Cabinet meeting.
Nongpoh: The 4th Amur Falcon Festival, organized by the Tyrso Valley Wildlife Protection Society (TVWPS) at Tyrso, has come to an end today.
“I have a brother and a brother-in-law, but the family always treated me like their own children, and they never stopped me from concentrating on Judo.
This is a wrong decision and a threat to the nation.
The department was forced to set up a committee after the runners held a protest rally at Jantar Mantar in Delhi to demand the removal of Brij Bhushan. The Ministry of Sports has urged the committee set up on 23rd July to send its report within four months. Brij Bhushan has been ordered to resign until the investigation is completed.
Bah Metbah is still in the UDP as Speaker, because there is no law.
Bah Gigur said he doesn't want to talk about the work he has done for the constituency but the people have seen with their own eyes what he has done in the last five years. you are an MLA.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 16: The President of the HiTO Central Body, Bah Donbok Dkhar, on Tuesday said that as the people of South West Khasi Hills District, before the election day, The Leaders of the Legislative Assembly should be people who are strong enough to think that they should no longer send a 'Thlong' to the Assembly but a 'Synrei' so that they can appear in the House. The Legislative Assembly shall enact appropriate laws and regulations.
The UPF has six MLAs, the PDF has four MLAs, the NCP has one Saleng A Sangma and the independent MLA Lambor Malngiang.
On this occasion, the SDO of Amlarem, JU Kharpuri, said that he has not received any complaint yet.
When they have finished drinking, they throw away the bottles of kyiad until it becomes a danger to the children who walk in the neighborhood.
Some synopses that refer to a single sentence in a sentence can be called a paragraph or a verse or a stanza.
So this is the step.
Shillong, July 8: The Mawlasnai PHC in Ri Bhoi District has been without a doctor for three years.
At the same time, he accused the TMC of being a corrupt and racist party from Bangladesh which wants to divide Meghalaya and bring in residents from other places.
Andie also asked Prestone, Have there ever been any cases of illness or death from eating pork? On the other hand, doctors and officers in charge of animal welfare have confirmed that the disease has decreased in the state and it will not affect if we cook the meat properly. Anddie Lyngdoh said: “I don't eat pork,” said Anddie Lyngdoh.
The High Court issued this order on 21st November while hearing a case filed by DRUK Fuels Limited against the State Government and other groups.
It was in March that the family received an invitation card for a wedding in the village and neighborhood where they live.
Lanosha understood that the Kongthei's plan had changed.
He said that the state government will honor them when they return to their home state.
Those who violate this warning will be punished by the relevant authorities, said the order issued on Tuesday.
Shillong: U DD Lapang has decided to join the National People's Party (NPP) at a meeting in Nongpoh today.
He also urged all the participants to develop their businesses so that it will benefit their children who will be the heirs of their businesses.
Trinayan Dutta top scored for the team with 90 runs from 76 balls (10x4s, 5x6s), while Manthan Dey contributed 38 runs from 24 balls (4x4s, 3x6s); They have scored 81 runs for the loss of four wickets.
“In fact, according to information, there is a clash between the two ethnic groups and there are those who have threatened by some people that these two ethnic groups will clash to cause injury,” said Bah Paul.
The Government should do the same against the coal factories in East Jaintia Hills and South West Khasi Hills and other places.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, who is also in charge of the Labor Department, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that the government has to do exactly what to pay the money to the registered workers and not a single penny has been misused.
This mother admits that what she has already experienced has taught her not to take sting of her children in all aspects.
“The works have progressed and we are moving in the right direction, so we will see when we receive any information from the relevant department, we will take a decision regarding the setting of dates and others,” said Conrad K Sangma.
The KHADC also supports the petition filed by Bah Lber Laloo against the ban on coal mining.
If you need an explanation, come and meet me, I will explain to you in detail about all this.
S.Myrthong Sordar of Mawthaw Village, Mawthaw Village, said that the demands of the village headmen and the people of the nine villages have become even more angry. Not only to these contractors, but also to the Syiem of Rambrai Hima who has given permission without properly considering the availability of drinking water wells near the site.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The BJP Meghalaya has demanded that the Prime Minister Narendra Modi should immediately investigate and punish those involved in the corruption in the recruitment of LP school teachers. this state.
The people of Garo Hills go to Dimpur to buy jain because the price is low.
:The Khasi song “Mr.Postman” by Jessie Lyngdoh has been released on the 2nd June
On the reports that the CEM has also decided to appoint new MDCs with the participation of MDCs from different parties, James said that the parties that have joined and supported the PDF do not. “There are parties that come in the name of nationalism or supporting issues but their coming is right. “We see that there are also parties that are fighting with each other just because of the desire for seat here,” said James Sylliang.
In his welcoming remarks, Narayanan said the webinar aims to discuss the main points of the book written by Dr. Samudra Gupta Kashyap.
Jerobad Police Station has investigated the case and revealed the name of a woman who lives in the Khanapara area. Police have rushed to Khanapara to arrest the woman.
Replying to the incident, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said that he had received information and immediately informed the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma.
The celebration will be held in Ampati on July 7, Umsning on July 8, Amlarem on July 10, Selsella on July 13, Sohra on July date in Khartoum.
This village has become a role model for other villages to follow this example of cleanliness.
Other speakers included the Minister of Education Rakkam A Sangma and others.
As soon as the dam was first announced, it was seen that all the citizens of India were shocked for fear of not being able to buy food items.
At the World Athletics Championships in November 2022, Neeraj Chopra made history in the country by becoming only the second athlete in the country and first among men. in the Track & Field category to win medals.
These include the distribution of Ayushman Cards to the villagers, the holding of Health Melas at Health & Wellness and Community Health Centers and the collaboration of Village Health Councils to conduct awareness programs on all Ayushman Cards. schemes and health facilities through the health department.
Let's go happily, Che, to the door of God, Forever to rest; The nation to be saved, From slavery to escape.
There are arguments that it is pointless to talk about the freedom and empowerment of women in the Jaidbynriew and the State descended from the mother.
Water is one of the most important things in life and it is also the lifeblood of many living things on this Earth.
In collaboration with the master distiller company and a Dutch company, the drink is made from 12 varieties of plants from the North East of India.
“I don't know whether the money went into the council's account on 14-7-22,” said Johnson.
Today, Conrad campaigned in Narangbari under the 48-Selsella Constituency and in Chokpot under the 53-Chokpot Constituency.
In fact, there are many cases where the Commission has taken over, which has really helped the people.
After seizing these items from the foreigner, the KSU leaders handed over to the Wildlife Department in Nongpoh, as almost all the items inside the pla belonged to him. The union is concerned that many of the animals have begun to disappear due to the slaughter of animals.
There were signs for the Government of Meghalaya, ISS Grade Sugar S.30 for PSD Supply.
The vehicle, which was coming from the MES area, overturned due to a steering wheel failure and when the driver lost consciousness and pressed the accelerator, the vehicle overturned.
Receiving the donation from GVK Emri 108, Hek expressed his gratitude to others who were present and helped, including Anthony Pyngrope, driver of Meghalaya House and Simon Kharsohtun. He is a law student at Delhi University and Basu Damini is from Dimapur.
The meeting also discussed the inclusion of Mawlong Government LP School in the PMShri for the purpose of receiving assistance from the government from classrooms, toilets, modern equipment, computers. to strengthen the government schools to serve as a source of education for the children in the village and surrounding villages.
Saphira Kshiar and Meban Lynshiang took part in the song.
The meeting discussed in detail the issue that the army should hand over the land to the government and private individuals who have the right to occupy it.
Speaking on the amount of money donated to these refugees, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said that this donation is small compared to what was lost in the lynshop, but nothing can be done because Kyrmen Shylla said that East Jaintia Hills is fortunate that among these cgeques which have been distributed to 58 The Deputy Commissioner, Abhilsah Banarwal, IAS, said that the funds will help the people to get more assistance to those who have been affected. that they may be able to resume their work.
In another raid, BSF troops of 172 Battalion patrolling at the Mobile Check Post in Sonapur, seized two Bolero Pickups carrying 15 boxes of kyiad and 32 byrni of sugar from the border of East Jaintia Hills.
The author adds another word – 'ne tim ia U Blei' – these words are indeed too strong in our minds, to our Long-Blei and our thoughts of 'poi Blei', which are still there today. , has not been distributed through – find the owner at all.
Therefore, on their part, it is necessary for the MBOSE to make special arrangements for them.
The union also strongly condemns the Assam Police for shooting at the illegal residents and urges the government to take action so that the lives of the illegal residents will not be killed. This is due to the border dispute between the two states, Meghalaya and Assam.
Mukherjee is born in 160 Rashbehari, which falls under the South Kolkata Parliamentary Constituency.
The Dorbar Shnong also expressed its regret over the lack of attention of the government to repair the National Highway 6 in the Umkiang area.
Bah Tanly Lapasam raises pigs and chickens and at the same time he breeds pig seedlings and sells chicken feed. tit and ri ngap by developing a general farming method.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has arrested another Negro from Nigeria through its Sier Lapalang Operation. resident here in Shillong without proper documents.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, on Tuesday launched 40 STEM buses with school children.
The farmers expressed their happiness and enthusiasm that they have been able to showcase their jhur, jhep, soh ki pai and flowers and all expressed that such a fair should be held every year. .
This does not include the areas on the other side of the Umshyrpi Bridge.
On the other hand, the Public Secretary of the HPF, Bah Kording Nongbsap, expressed his concern over the construction of the dam. They found that the dam was a misuse of money.
The market was cleaned from the top of the market and the whole market.
Speaking to media in Guwahati on Tuesday, Kutumba Surakshya Parishad President Satya Ranjan Borah said, “These are the training centers for Christians to go to temples to worship.
Because of this, the government has forced people to register around the ration distribution centers whether they have registered or not to benefit from this scheme.
Therefore, in order to avoid any problems for the people and the staff of the PHC, the union also demands that the PHC should be converted into a Community Health Center ( CHC), said Bah Jayson Nongrum.
The body of Steffanie Lyngdoh Nonglait, who was suspected of being murdered on the night of the 14th of this month, was buried on Tuesday at the Presbyterian Church Cemetery in Lawmali.
These include EGH: 00, EJH: 04, EKH: 107, NGH: 15, RBD: 93, SGH: 09, SWGH: 04, SWKH: 11, WGH: 121, WJH: 25 and WKH:
She also spoke about the Viksit Bharat goal of the Government of India under the leadership of Narendra Modi as Prime Minister. in all aspects the target was set by 1947 that India should develop in all aspects.
He said that in the past years during the protests against the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAA), there was a burning of portraits of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Amit Shah, Minister of Home Affairs and others.
However, he made a rule that a man should not touch a woman with his feet.
Wandonbok Jyrwa, General Secretary, Shillong, said that earlier, pink vehicles were known to be women's vehicles, but now men can also earn money. The union demands that blue and pink taxis should be allowed to operate in Shillong and in the countryside.
However, the latter produces more ksai when separated from the seeds, so that large greenning factories like to use it.
The shop was opened for the purpose of mutual support among the Muster Roll workers.
Also, the names of those who have died or fled the village will be removed and any mistakes will be corrected at this time.
“We have asked the teachers themselves because in the end they are the teachers who know the reason for this and they said that the most important reason is that there are schools that don't have “That is one of the reasons why the students failed the questions of the subject Social Science”.
They said that Kongieid Sarita Lyngdoh (Founder) has not yet decided on the matter but she may take a decision tomorrow at the meeting of the Foundation to be held at her residence in Mawlai Phudmuri. .
“We are ready to accept the suggestion to resolve the electricity shortage,” he said.
Therefore, the Association through its President invites all the children who are interested in attending the training to come forward and meet with the office bearers of the Rock Climbing & Mountaineering Association. -ciation (SWKHD-RC&MA) where they will select the best children to represent the district in the Meghalaya Games.
Because if the repeal of this Act by Ordinance alone, it will be a public misleading because if the Ordinance does not get the approval of the Legislative Assembly within six months, the Ordinance will die and the law will become void. The Gaming Act, 2021 is in force.
Environmental Curses:- We find in Exodus, chapters 7,8,9,10,11,12 that when Pharaoh and the Egyptians fought against Moses, God cursed them. that through the environment.
Often people blame law enforcement but the number one reason is people don’t report crimes to law enforcement, she said.
The PWD (Building) has been responsible for all aspects of the project from the construction to the cost of construction.
Nongpoh: The Nongpoh Region Auto Rickshaw Owners & Drivers Association (NADA) today announced that they will hold a strike on the 4th of this month. Marcus Marten, President of the Nongpoh Region Auto Owners and Drivers Association (NRAO&DA), has protested against the assault by people who claimed to be leaders of the HYC, Ri Bhoi District.
In recent days, the lawyer on behalf of the MDCs who have appealed to the court has expressed his anger over the lack of attention of the authorities to pay the pension of the MDCs and the lack of any signal to do something about this payment.
The MLA of the area appealed to the residents of Chyrmang to vote for Moonlight, as he is an intelligent and skilled politician and has no doubt that he will achieve his goal.
The Minister said that so far there has been no deadline for the JJM but the target is to complete the implementation of the JJM before October
Conrad Sangma and his mother at the time of the death of his father, PA Sangma: File Rupang.
Ronnie said that if you look at the two elections in two states, Himachal Pradesh and Karnataka, the Prime Minister and the Home Minister have spent months and months campaigning. , but they failed.
“Unfortunately, despite efforts from the police department, the backlog has continued, leading to traffic jams," he said.
Nongpoh, March 14: The aim of the CMNREGS to implement the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) is to bring about economic development in the rural areas and income generation. According to the RTI, the implementation of this public scheme in Nongpoh Village has been misused by the VEC. According to an RTI complaint filed by Bah Hubert Marwein, Resident of Nongpoh Village, who sought information through RTI on the implementation of this public scheme by the VEC Nongpoh for the year 2013 to year 2016.
He said that crimes against women and children have increased to 23.14 percent in 2013 compared to
However, no one did.
Announcing this, the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said, “Various festivals will be held across the state to promote the image of Meghalaya. as such an ideal destination within the country for tourists".
The scientists said that the disease can survive much longer in the flowing water.
On the other hand, the police said that they do not want any differences of opinion in the state and therefore they have removed these placards and banners which wrote that Bengalis in Meghalaya are Bangladeshis or those who are Bangladeshis. Bangladesh.
The ribiw camiti should not include those who have been appointed.
Therefore, he is the luckiest person to have the opportunity to lead the largest Riewlum party in Meghalaya in collaboration with the UDP and HSPDP. I am the youngest of the two political parties and among the candidates who will contest the MP election from other parties.
By making good use of his strength and other skills, Hussamuddin was able to beat his opponent many times and win the victory by one goal. judge of their struggle.
Then, 1000 years ago, when the market was moved to its present location, half of the market was the market and the markets in Ri Hynniewtrep were the markets.
These companies in Lumshnong area have to go through the DC especially when they buy land so that the rights of our Tribal land owners are not affected or violated by these wealthy companies.
Bah Myrthong does not agree that a Khasi man should be a khadar lama, but he wants to have only one wife and said, “Not to run away from husbands, to have more responsibility”.
The residents tried to extinguish the fire, but they could not and the house was completely destroyed and the loss reached tens of lakhs of rupees.
“We have sent a letter to the Controller of Examination to consider this and we have given three days to the Controller of Examination and if they do not do anything, we will take other measures,” he said.
This reporter today spoke to the owner of the Mylliem cow market, Bah Augustine Nongrum and asked him from which area most of the cow buyers buy cows from the cow market. Nongrum said that people who come to buy cows come from all over the country like Nongstoin, Mawkyrwat, Shillong, Mawngap, Laitlyngkot, Pynursla and other places.
At the same time, he urged the Syiem to be fair in hearing the complaints from the children of the thousands when there is any misunderstanding.
Hd just read from all these words of him from the beginning to the end you can understand his character without seeing or meeting or dealing with him.
The cleanliness drive was carried out with a strong spirit and was attended by all the District Police in their respective areas.
The match was very interesting and friendly as both the teams fought hard from the start to score.
Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the government does not want government departments to be like District Councils where father, husband, children and children live together and work together. The appointment process is not clear and transparent, although he did not say which District Council the appointment was in.
The Minister also stressed that economic development should reach the people living in remote villages and in the remote parts of the state.
Therefore, we have to think whether to return or implement it to other places in the State and to try to use this money so that it will not be wasted.
Seeing the preservation of the ancient crafts and after the inspection, the Minister announced that the market will become a Heritage site. and to preserve and take good care of it.
The new cases include EGH: 03 (Others), EJH: 19 (Others).
Because they have received many benefits from Assam in all aspects.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the NHIDCL has seen the deterioration of the road and has already repaired it immediately to ensure that the repairs should go smoothly. Especially in the areas near Dawki, the construction should start immediately.
Furthermore, the parking spaces for the vehicles of the Fathers, Sisters and Invitees coming from far away, will stop at the grounds of St. Joseph in Tiehsaw. Markasa, Mawthong, Shillong Archdiocese and Jowai Diocese will be located at New Nongstoin Market Complex, Mandiwat Station Shillong and along the road from Petrol Pump to in front of New Nongstoin Presbyterian Church.
Man needs to save himself from this inheritance by accepting Jesus Christ the Lord who is the Grace of God to save himself.
Shillong: The Khasi District Youth Wing (KHNAM) has lodged a complaint with the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi District Council (KHADC) today. These shops are mostly shops, shops selling shana and others.
Xi Jinping, after being elected for a third term as President of China, will hold office for another five years.
He said that there is no suspicion against others about this incident.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that besides the lack of land, the delay in the Smart Road project has many reasons including the conflict with the border crossings, the relocation of electricity posts, the prohibit the parking of vehicles in narrow places and others.
Through this meeting, the Jirang leaders and the Rangbah Shnongs have set up a committee called the Relief Committee, which they have set up specifically for the purpose of searching for those families. who live in poverty and find it difficult to obtain adequate food and drink.
The Valley – MawkLOR. Similar to the Valley – ANGEL Fall in Venezuela. South America – The Valley – Mawklor which rises from the slopes of the mountains JANIOW – Laitsohum – The I don't know what to do with all the Saw – aiom.
Mr. PT praised Modi for his hard work and skills.
Tip and how, if you don't know how to do it.
The union is deeply saddened by the fact that many of the Paradoh Para snam are not allowed to stay in these areas, but foreigners are willing to stay even though they do not have proper documents.
“The Cabinet has accepted the proposal of the ERTS to proceed with the restoration of the election,” he said.
On this occasion, Bah Kharraswai said that the Seng urges the officers and government employees to cooperate with the people, not to take advantage when they are in office or when the people need them. appoint them to work for the people.
Furthermore, at the time of writing of this news, no information has been received whether there have been any casualties or damage to houses.
The decision of the club to fine him instead of suspending him is to ensure that the club as a whole does not violate his rights as its best player. They have scored 11 goals in the current season as the team is now sitting with one goal to escape the danger line with the remaining three games of the season.
The government's insistence on the RBYF to call for a complete curfew has been a reason for talks, as earlier the RBYF had talked to the government in a peaceful manner, in which the authorities were also present. MUDA, however, due to the government's failure to implement the demands of the RBYF, the RBYF has called for a strike to block the road at night, which is another problem for the people in coming and going. of them, they said.
Seven more arrangements are underway in Gorakhpur, Lucknow, Shillong, Ahmedabad, Mumbai and Bengaluru.
In this incident, the unidentified robbers managed to escape and the residents managed to seize only the Maruti Swift with register number AS01 HC 5230 which was used by the robbers.
The state government has taken all measures to resolve the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
Nongpoh: U Paul Wahlang, one of the youths of 20mer Paham Maw Lein, today received an award from the Police of Ri Bhoi District. He said that he was able to seize a vehicle carrying a lot of drugs and it was because of the courage of this youth, that the vehicle carrying a lot of drugs was seized by the police.
At present, the BJP has only two MLAs, Sanbor Shullai from South Shillong and AL Hek from Pynthorumkhrah.
Before the cleanliness drive, the students took part in the Swachh Bharat pledge to be clean and protect the environment.
Besides the speakers, there were also performances by the Standing Choir of Rilyngngam Presbytery, New Nongstoin Church, Pariong Church, Western Synod Youth Standing Choir and others.
In our village everyone knew that he went abroad to study.
Shillong, June 20: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District on Friday ordered all schools within the boundary of East Khasi Hills District to suspend. shipor for any activities outside the classroom.
The Soviet Union also sent troops to Germany to liberate Germany.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi in recent days said that BRS chief and Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao have wanted to join the NDA after the BJP. He won 48 constituencies in the 2020 GHMC elections.
It is alleged that the woman named Mum Langstang was coming from Lyngkha alone when the man hit her in the middle of the road and grabbed her and killed her.
Several government doctors selected by NABH also took part in the training programme.
Therefore, he urged the Dorbar Shnongs and land owners to be vigilant against the survey of land by these illegal companies, which come to survey the land without the knowledge of the Dorbars. Village and land owner, concluded Samla Ferdinand Kharkamni.
In the shot put, Wailuti Lyngdoh of JNV Mukhla won the gold medal, Deimaïa Passah of North Liberty HSS won the silver medal and Ritreka Pasleiñ of Jowai Presbyterian UPS won the bronze medal.
The Government has now given 3 months from 15.03.2023 to 14.06.2023 to renew the documents including Proof of Identity & Proof of Address in connection with Aadhaar without You can pay free of cost through the My Aadhaar (SSUP) Portal through this link.
The celebration was enhanced by the participation of women from Self Help Groups with skits, dances, costume contests and other activities.
So far, the state has 326 confirmed cases of Covid-1
Furthermore, these elders of the village, have also expressed their dissatisfaction with what has been done by Bah Tinkle Buhphang, because as soon as he received the confirmation from the Acting Syiem, he has acted violently. within the village and that is that he has appointed or elected the members of the Executive Committee of the village within his own household or to elect only those people whom he agrees with.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The Officer Incharge (OC) of Dawki PS on Tuesday arrested two dumper trucks at Dawki and fined T.10,000 each and two dumpers. to T.20 thousand.
If this is the case around the world, there is hope for a Tipbriew-Tip Blei Government that is more enthusiastic about the welfare of the people, not those who have shown a terrible sign of hatred and those who use only words. .
Regarding this initiative, Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, Chief Leader of FK JGP in Ri Bhoi, he promised to take action to fulfill the wishes of the people of the area and said that the party will hold other sports grounds of various kinds. , so that we can continue to develop talented youth in various sports.
At about 4 pm, the 'Boh synrum' ritual was completed which is one of the rituals in which the Lyngdoh and all the Wasan together with Chutia will carry the 'Bhang' to throw the 'Dieng Synrum' which is in the shape of pandemic.
Markasa, Nailar 16 : Although the rain has temporarily disrupted the VPP rally in Markasa today, it has not been able to disrupt the VPP rally of the people, as hundreds of people have come to listen. and participated in the meeting held in Markasa.
Dr Kharshiing said the JAC appreciates the steps taken by the government to fulfill its promise to implement these Bills and send them to the Governor for approval.
The union has immediately suspended these 15 foreign workers.
On the other hand, the Sohra MLA demanded that the state government should declare Rangjyrteh near Laitduh in Shella constituency as an ancient silver mining area.
JOWAI: A shop selling beverages has been destroyed by a fire in Iooksi village this morning.
The celebration of National Youth Day is to encourage the youth to follow the example of Swami Vivekananda in the life, thinking, and example of the great men and women who made India great.
Anything in which the government has an interest, it takes care of it.
He said the government is trying to find ways to reduce the hours of power outage as some places have to turn off up to 3 hours.
Chennai police have arrested UR Gopal, the editor of Nakkheeran, a magazine in the city, because when they took Gopal to the judge, he refused to imprison the Editor.
The purpose of this program is to raise awareness among the children that they should be aware of the marriage laws that the Government of India has already enacted. No child shall be subjected to violation of his or her rights such as the employment of children in places where they should not be employed and other laws.
Expressing his desire to transform Meghalaya into one of the 10 leading states in the next 50 years, Conrad said, “The State Government has worked hard to improve the quality of education. Tourism in Sohra, Jowai, Shillong, Umïam and Tura and other places that are more popular with tourists.
These are the employees who tested positive on 11th, 13th and 17th November
The Air Force said it had informed the village authorities nearby and all of them had given their approval.
Wadajied Kynsai Ryngkhlem opened the scoring for Meghalaya in the 29th minute before Everbrightson Mylliempdah scored the second goal in the 62nd minute.
He blessed the new leaders of the Circle and wished them to continue to work better through the KSU for the safety and security of their fellow citizens. this area.
Speaking to media, Samla Jeremiah Dkhar President HYC Maweit Circle said that since the loss of the Aircel network, the Maweit area has faced problems in terms of supply of aircraft. mobile phone.
No Bollywood actress has ever been appointed as the spokesperson for Qatar Airways and only Deepika has been appointed. you afterwards.
When we watch this dance, what do we witness? Young girls, virgins in their precious clothes and gold and silver jewelry danced in the middle of the lympung while the rangkynsai and rangkhatarbor of different ages danced around them.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has renewed the office bearers of the Mynsngat Unit and Jowai Circle.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister congratulated the NPYF Shillong City for organizing this competition which is the best step to raise awareness among the residents on the urgent need to protect them. environment at such a time of intense climate change.
Changes in school curriculum and pedagogyThe school curriculum and pedagogy will focus on the full development of teachers by empowering them with 21st century knowledge, reducing the number of studies to improve education. originality, broad thinking and a strong commitment to experiential learning.
He said that the state has a beautiful nature and will become a place that can attract tourists and will also provide income generation for the people of the state.
Shillong: After the UDP, the HSPDP, one of the closest allies of the ethnic parties in the state, has decided to nominate a candidate for the NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) coalition. The MP elections to the Lok Sabha will be held next year.
Replying to the allegation by Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Kumar Deb that the Congress has links with foreign countries to promote India, Gaurav said the connection is Anil Ambani and Prime Minister Narendra Modi are just for the sake of making money, and added that the alliance is to deceive the people of the country by the BJP government. Shillong: The Executive Committee of the Union of Village Authorities of Bri Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) today discussed several issues regarding the suspension of the implementation of Meghalaya. Building Bye laws.
In the past few years, there have been efforts by the State Government and the Central Government to improve and expand the roads in every village of Meghalaya as the roads are the source of income for the State. / Country.
Other political parties with crorepati candidates include one from the Gana Suraksha Party, eight from the HSPDP, one from the Republican Party of India, seven from the Voice of the People (VPP), 17 independent candidates, three from the PDF and one from the Republican Party of India (A).
Tura, March 19 : Speaking as the chief guest at the closing ceremony of the MLA Cup 2022 at Nokatgre, Rangsakona, Trinamool Congress MLA Zenith Sangma has criticized the MDA government for not winning the medal for Meghalaya. in the recent National Games.
On 22nd July, 2022, Bah Banteidor promised to leave for Delhi to discuss the distribution of fertilizers to the farmers of the State at a public awareness meeting on the release of the Ministry of Agriculture through The Office Order that farmers should be allowed to use fertilizers such as Urea, DAP, MOP and SSP on their farmland and for their crops.
The United States has the highest number of deaths with 140,103, followed by Brazil (78,772), Britain (45,273), Mexico (38,888) and Italy. 35,042).
“However, the state government has not listened to this demand of our religious groups, so we on behalf of the Seng Khasi and Seiñ Raij have proceeded to form a forum known as the 'Forum for Rights and Justice' in which we have filed a PIL in the Meghalaya High Court.
Or Lamin.
He also explained that the Motphran market is where people from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills come to buy and there is a discussion between the Khasi elders, where they used to talk about sin. , with a smile and a smile.
EGH tied first and scored only 57 runs for the loss of 7 wickets.
In the UK, the death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to 861, bringing the total to 13,7
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner promised to take action on this issue including the deployment of police to the area.
The KSU also supports and urges the people not to pay electricity bill, while MePDCL has not clarified the social agreement with FEDCO.
The body was found 100 meters from the child's home.
This year,2022 India celebrated its 75th Independence Day on 15th August
Regarding the increase in the number of cases in Jaintia Hills, the Prime Minister himself has not taken stock of the preparedness.
During the inspection, it was found that the houses of various kingdoms have begun to collapse and urgently need to be repaired.
The villagers of Mutong and Chamcham have dug a jar at the top of the Rynji Valley to prevent the water from flowing into the valley.
Debobrata Paul (Laban SCTTA) was named Most Promising Player of the Tournament for his performance.
This is one of the ways to completely destroy freedom of faith in the country.
Eriksen, 29, received CPR, but was taken to hospital on a stretcher and given oxygen.
Therefore, the khoo sha is the longest house in the world.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Chief Minister of Assam, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, today said that the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, has promised to immediately direct the Assam Police to stop the violence on the border with the Assam Police. West Khasi Hills District to avoid causing trouble.
This time, the two teams from Garo Hills have been able to showcase their skills for the semi final and this shows that they have improved.
The source said that the blockade of the road was due to the floods at Khoti Nala near Aut in Mandi district. .
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sanbor said; “I don't know, but during my time as Minister and according to the records, we proposed to erect a statue, but since I am no longer a Minister, I don't know anything about it. this.
When asked whether the BJP is ready to contest the mid-term MDC elections, Shibun said that at present they are still electing only the office bearers but other issues that need to be discussed. The meeting will be held on the 11th of this month.
Sapna Kumari, a resident of Khagaria, married Uttam Mandal in 2014 and they have two children.
“I have been married for 8 years without looking for a husband but now I have been living with my husband for 9 months,” said Sabina. He has 4 children.
Since its launch on March 4, 2023, MGMP Season 2 has hosted 730 programs across the state with more than 1000 musicians participating.
Replying to a question on the name of Dr Mukul Sangma at a meeting held recently in Tura, Bah Pyngrope stood up and said, “Let me clarify. Abhishek Banerjee said that the children of this state, we are all the children of the state, he did not mention the name of anyone, it is a misinterpretation of the journalists.
and the people were amazed.
The ASP, who was MPS in 2004, is one of the bravest and most popular members of the party.
HK Singh in Pool A will play against KVS, Tripura and NVS. The second match of HK Singh will be played on 2nd March against KVS. The Judicial Inquiry Commission (JEC) on Saturday held a meeting in Khanapara, Guwahati to discuss the settlement of the seven seats pending in the second phase. The two states have appointed a police officer in connection with the shooting incident in Mukroh last year and to hand over the investigation to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).
Speaking at the meeting, the BJP leaders said that the people of Meghalaya have seen the work of the BJP Government under the leadership of Narendra Modi and have understood that it is because of this. a political party working for the welfare of the people.
" The raccoon said, "What do you want me to do?"
The new salary will increase to T.1, 26,900 while the rent will be T.20,0
“It is difficult to say many things, but I congratulate Real Madrid and my teammates.
Let us accept this truth and let us not be like blind sheep and let us not become syntan so that we do not put the future of our children in greater trouble.
The AOG encourages those people who have a true compassion for their neighbors in the community.
N Wilson, who has been a Christian for several years and who was in the church, said, “They shook hands, spoke badly and made many wild accusations of illegal conversion.
Shillong:"My visit to the KHA DC is to see that the new CEM, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, has promised to visit the people living on the border of my constituency. MDC, I have tried to talk about issues, especially the border and many times I have raised, but I am sorry that I have promised in the House in the past four years, to request them to visit the residents. who live on the border, but in the past 4 years no one has come and stayed only on promises.
Tit vendors along the road to NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Mawdiangdiang which is the road to Mawpat village have expressed their loss because the people have not been willing to buy the tit they sell since three people have killed They died at their residence in Umsawli because they didn't eat the tit buit.
After Mass, they took his body to his mother's house where they kept him all night.
The incident happened at 6:30 PM when the three men in a Maruti car were coming from Ladrymbai and were on their way to Tuberkmaishnong. They were involved in an accident after a truck hit their Maruti car.
He also reminded that poverty should not be an excuse for the good intentions of the youth to reach higher levels of education because under this college they have been given the opportunity to Those who cannot afford to pay the class fees can also come and allow them to pay as much as they can.
Shillong, June 02 : More than 307 Utilization Certificates (UC) worth Rs 2,373 crore have not been sent by various departments of the state government since last year.
He said he had met with Home Minister Amit Shah in July and June and explained the position of Mizoram on the issue of He also requested the Home Minister to erect signboards in parts of Mizoram, although the border of Manipur should also be erected on the Indo-Myanmar border.
At the time of writing, the Taliban had surrounded Panjshir and were working to resolve the issue through talks.
The Dorbar Shnong of Demthring, West Jaintia Hills District, has laid down rules for candidates who can campaign in the village.
He said that the demand of the people for the Tlang city in Tura is a well-founded demand which the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma should initiate.
The discussion on unemployment these days has become like a market language that people talk about everywhere and we don't think seriously about its meaning and we don't turn to the surroundings. learn how to get rid of this.
So far, the candidates who have been confirmed to contest the MDC election in Mawphlang constituency are Bah Lamphrang Blah who is the incumbent MDC from the NPP, UDP, Congress, VPP and others. I will not come when the time comes.
Not only that, but a few months ago, the group killed a man in Lapalang, alleging that he was one of the syntiat, who had close ties with the police.
Guwahati: The Election Commission of India (ECI) is preparing to hold the Assembly elections in three states of the North East, Tripura, Nagaland and Meghalaya.
People from all over the area have come to the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat to encourage and support him since the beginning of the protest.
One day in 1960, the Khar Hojai from Nowgong came to Ri Lyngngam, introducing themselves as people sent by the Arabs to look for Agor.
Shillong, July 28 : The MeECL today issued an announcement to reduce the power outage hours across the state. to be effective from 12 AM Wednesday until further notice.
Some say that the word KHYNDEW stands for PALESTINE, and that the false Christ is a Gentile.
Hasina Kharbih, Chaiperson of IMPULSE, who witnessed the incident, said, “When we heard the incident, we rushed inside to see the incident. He lay on the ground and was injured and everyone begged the Rani Kharsyntiew not to shoot them.
In addition, cow markets within a radius of 10 kilometers from the scene have been ordered to be closed.
The UDP leader in Jaintia District said that the party at its meeting on the 22nd of this month has decided to express its opposition to the proposal to divide the constituency as it is too late.
If we had our blood tested for lead in our bodies and the diseases we carry, we would have been more concerned about all these things.
As I said that since no one ever talks about the problems of the farmers and especially I am a farmer's son I cannot refuse to talk about the problems of the farmers and I have also been appointed as the President of the Hill Farmers Union ( HFU) and I am happy that I have now turned back to farming even though I have turned away all the time.
The decision of the ILP Committee is that it wants to introduce the ILP in the state.
On this occasion, the President of the South West Khasi Hills District Swimming Association (SWKHDSA), Bah Stalyne H. Diengdoh expressed his gratitude to all the 23 participants from Mawkyrwat Block and Ranikor Block.
Speaking to reporters, David Kharsati confirmed that the BJP will contest from Nongthymmai MLA election 2023 against TMC candidate Charles Pyngrope who is also the Nongthymmai MLA.
Pomegranate is one of the most beneficial fruits for us and is also known to be healthy for the body in all aspects.
The JDU leader, who ended his alliance with the BJP last year and has worked hard to bring together many opposition parties to form the He said that many of the opposition parties have been in cooperation.
The acceptance of Jesus by the Gentiles since then has been less than 2,000 years.
Coach Bah Thomas Rongthaluh, who led the team of four, worked hard to lead them, especially on the road.
Until I'm ready.
The dissemination of this video is a violent act and an unacceptable act.
I am happy to say that we are winning with benefits for the team.
So he asked the old woman.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the visit of Amit Shah is only for the programmes. He will stay here for only 2 days and will stay in Shillong for 10 nights.
Meghalaya has now reported 4,915 confirmed cases of Covid-1
“As Bah HDR Lyngdoh has promised to repair the damage done by the former MLA in this constituency, I also promise to do so,” he said.
“Therefore, in this upcoming MP election, we hope that the youth will not be deceived but will work hard for the victory of the party candidate, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh,” he said.
According to the list, out of the four constituencies, the UDP-WJH has already sent three names, namely the name of Bah Dawan Lyngdoh, the candidate to contest against the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang. Dhar, Moonlight Pariat candidate from Jowai to contest against Wailad Shylla from NPP and Nujorki Sungoh who is already the incumbent UDP MLA from Mookaïaw.
His last rites were laid to rest at the Catholic Cemetery, Umkiang.
The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan (HRCP) has warned and announced the threat to the Hindu community in Pakistan following the announcement of the kidnapping and detention by Pakistani gangs. within the province of Sindh.
The Union Bank of India recorded a 11.99% increase in deposits (T.10,32,102 crore) while the Indian Bank recorded a 10% increase in deposits (T.5,84,661 crore). as the published figure.
“The Minister urged the MENA countries to join the Global Biofuel Alliance in order to advance international cooperation for sustainable biofuels and also to achieve the goals of the Alliance.
The CAG report said that the lack of going through the Consolidated Fund has resulted in the escape of these Government revenues which have also escaped the attention of the Legislative Assembly.
He said that the visit to both the places will surely be a way to maintain peace and order in those places.
However, when we see the ease of implementation of this road without any responsibility to speed it up, it becomes an attempt to carry our own wealth. of the general public without any improvement whatsoever.
He said that the 3rd of June every year is the day of thanksgiving to the Creator Gods, who have provided for us from the beginning, until eternity. of the promise of the covenant to the seven mothers and seven fathers, the mother and the children of men, in which we have now grown up in the words of nature, with thanksgiving to the gods who have created us. “I would like to thank you for your efforts to provide for the needs of the gods,” said Bah. Praise.
The party has sent up to five names of candidates from Shillong and seven from Tura constituency.
Tangmar, as soon as he saw Tongsoh's leg, he was shocked.
I appeal to the students in Manipur and their parents and family members not to be afraid but to be calm.
Out of 35 villages in Nartiang Elaka, Hep Dhar received 2949 votes, Salong Lamare 2568 votes and Jointing Dhar 26 votes and 144 votes were invalid. .
Earlier, Swami Hitakamanandaji Maharaj welcomed all those who took part in the award ceremony and Swami Divyaswarupananda Maharaj gave a speech of thanks.
The Mawlatbah Hawks beat the Unified Gorkha Gators in the 4-5, 6-7 and 12-13 age groups while in the 8-9 and 10-11 age groups, can be filed.
“Christ is the leader of the Church here from yesterday, today and forever and the success of the Church in 125 years is because of the leaders who work hard for the work of God,” he added. the Shepherd.
The Depot In-charge, Bah DH Kharkhulia, said that this program is part of the arrangements made by the head office in Shillong.
They have only built a small room and I will never take this home,” Kumaraswamy told reporters in Chandraki.
The death toll is from EKH: 04, EJH: 01 and WGH:
He has 9 siblings and is the fifth child of his parents.
The crossing of the village boundaries.
Police are searching for the suspect who escaped from the Civil Hospital Shillong.
The Loompyrdi Iongpiah Sports & Games Committee Jowai will hold the 18th Open Badminton Tournament at the Indoor Hall of Seiñraij Jowai.
They said that they don't want to name any department or department of the government, but they don't want to have such incidents of violence against the farmers. Farmer Union, Bah Alfonse Kharsyntiew said that they have received all the funds for the scheme as stipulated by the government, but the leader of the Hills Farmer Union has decided to cut up to 30% of the funds. and with the help of this leader they have received all the shares as allocated by the government, they said.
Modi said the example of Mawlynnong will make the whole country clean through the participation of the citizens of India.
She said that all the government departments in the state have been involved in corruption and the people in power have been involved in it while the people have been the victims.
Shillong, Jymmang 14 : A woman named Edalin Marbaniang, aged between 60-65 years, resident of Umpling Dongsharum, has gone missing since 9th June
Not only that the union complained about the danger of mining, due to the pollution of drinking water, but also said in its letter that the mining especially in the highway areas has caused the destruction of the roads used by the people on a daily basis.
The Government has launched many schemes to help the people as we have seen through the media, while in the same media we have seen that there have been many misuses of the rights of the people. I don't know why, but I've heard that during the election, there are some people who use money just to get another vote, but we forget our Christianity because of the corruption. well done in this country of yours.
Besides, she said that especially in the rural areas, doctors and nurses have been seen only in the past few decades, and have relied on traditional herbal medicines to treat various diseases. , but now this is beginning to fade away.
The Muslims' refusal to join the BJP is based on the principle of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who uses the slogan "Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas"
Surprisingly, when the union visited the area, the families of those affected by uranium from childhood, but did not receive any assistance or protection from the government even disability certificates.
Speaking on the occasion, Nadda said that the election issue has also included the payment through the 7pay commission in Meghalaya and the exact payment every month, without delay and in the right way.
“If these issues cannot be resolved, the FKJGP Central Body will not hesitate to approach the authorities,” said Reginald Thabah, Asst.Information Secretary FKJGP Central Body.
Lajong tried many chances to score, but the skill of opposing goalkeeper Arindam Bhattacharya prevented Lajong from scoring, and they had some good chances. Figo Syndai but was rejected by Bhattacharya.
He said that if the Assam police cross the border, the law should not forgive them.
What is more shocking is that the money is not collected from the poor who want to go to get medicine and the money received from those who want to go to the funeral home in Laitlyngkot, here, the government receives. to pay and pay the travel expenses, railway expenses or vehicle expenses of those persons returning to their own state from different cities across India.
Speaking as the President of the HNYM, Bah Louis Dohtdong said that the lack of need for the youth who have completed their studies has led them to become involved in alcoholic beverages especially drugs.
Where are those great leaders?
May Ralborn said in the House that there are some villages and villages which have outstanding bill lights which have exceeded T.10 lakh and that the residents do not intend to pay even a penny. 30%.
The meeting discussed the proposal of the State Election Committee of the HSPDP to give ticket to Bah LG Nongsiej and also decided to oppose the proposal of the State. The Election Committee has appointed Bah LG Nongsiej to contest the MDC election from Nongstoin Constituency.
Lyngdoh said that if it is the families who own the land, the shyiap and the parents who think for the hard work of their sons, they have a custom. to give a share to the sons of what is called “the slave”.
When her branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is near:
The POL supply has arrived in Tura.
The KBCC also questioned on what basis the MPCC has given ticket to Kong Jhansi, who has left the party since
From this place you can use handwriting machines and you can also give loans related to home loans education loans car loans.
Amit Shah said that the Cyber ​​Security Operations Center of Assam has conducted timely monitoring of computer crimes to reduce the threats that may come from other countries. and to prevent attempts to undermine the activities of the Assam Rifles in the fight against computer evils.
At least four ISIS militants were arrested in Ahmedabad on Sunday, days after an airport in the city received reports of a bomb blast.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Monday said that he has sought a full report on the shooting death of Bah Roningstar Nongkynrih by BSF troops on Thursday night. Mawshun Village, Pennsylvania.
The turnout was lowest in East Khasi Hills with 60.34%, Ri-Bhoi with 63.39% and West Khasi Hills with 63.39%. Hills reached 65.80% while Jaintia Hills (East and West) reached 68.60%.
He also practices transgression, and sin is transgression.—1 John 3:4
On this occasion, the school authorities also honored two retired teachers, John Buam and Kong Martha Buam.
Speaking on the occasion, the FKJGP Leader said, “What is the example of the KHADC and JHADC? I don't want to show the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep"
Organizing Secretary – Rocky Dkhar.
In the quarter final, Mookyrdup beat Pasyih Cultural Sports Club 3-2
Nongstoiñ: Nongstoiñ Police have arrested 10 drug traffickers in Nongstoiñ town, but the police are still searching for more drug traffickers. Furthermore, the trafficking of this drug has continued without stopping.
On 1st July 2014, T.1, 70,000 through check 149202 was paid to the National Media through the Publicity Committee.
It is also prohibited to transport pigs, manure, meat, food and other items from the Surveillance Zones to the Disease-Free Zones.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Mawpat has a long-standing desire to drop Mawpat from Pynthorumkhrah constituency or any neighboring constituency in the KHADC MDC elections. Wahlang said that after receiving information that the District Council has a Delimitation Committee to consider the villages in the constituencies, the Dorbar Shnong has sent a letter to the District Council. The Committee urges it to consider and include Mawpat Village in Pynthorumkhrah Constituency or any neighboring Constituency.
Here it shows that the death has returned to them, and they have become the messengers of how to take care of the environment for aquatic and wild animals.
“If our MPs strive to transform the villages in their constituency into Model Villages, many villages in India will improve in all aspects by 2016,” he said. This was stated by Narendra Modi while launching the Rules of Procedure of the Scheme on October 11,
The same Holy Spirit came upon those who heard the word of God when Peter preached, and said, “Brothers, what shall we do?” Acts 2:37-3
Shillong, June 20: Thousands of people from all over the Khasi and Jaintia Hills have attended the Seng Khihlang General Assembly held today at Ialong, Jaintia Hills.
Once allowed in the urban areas, allow them to experience in the rural areas as well.
The former Director of Health Services (MI) turned politician filed his nomination on Tuesday and was accompanied by party leaders and supporters.
Hemileia appears first as phylloit-phylloit spots that stem on the rounded side of the leaf.
Police on the same night arrested a man from Panaliar village Jowai named Andrew Shullai.
He said that some people have told him that more than Rs 20 crore has been spent for the construction of the road, but it is not known why the government has remained silent until now.
Team SOUL will play their first match on 26th November and they may still be trying to get a visa to travel to Berlin.
Sethi has already said that if the Pakistani government has not provided any explanation or assurance regarding the sending of the entire team to India, the PCB may also order the ICC for hosting Pakistan's matches at a neutral ground and which was not on either side or part of the two countries.
The Bench also said that the beauty of the Umïam Lake should not be affected by the emergence of these buildings near the lake.
He later led Mohun Bagan to the final of the 2010-11 Federation Cup and the Calcutta League.
Shillong, Naiwieng 4: The 'Tala Mylliem' has showcased the skills of the Khasi people at the Mei Ramew Festival. today and will end on the 7th at Mawphlang.
During the inspection, the Seng found that the construction of the road has been very slow and the Seng has also alleged that the construction of the road has been slow. The cleaning of the road is not according to the Detail Project Report (DPR) and the Seng has also found that some parts of the road which has just started to be cleaned in the past few days have been damaged.
The emergence of governments, whether in India or in the State Governments, should strengthen the culture, the identity of what does not exist and if you turn Langpih into Assam or Meghalaya, but you cannot change the nationality of the people and their way of life, which they used to live hundreds of years ago.
The state labor department should issue work permits to these workers who come to the state and investigate their behavior,” said the Sohra MLA.
The Khasi-Pnar people, who have lived for hundreds of years in these Khasi-Jaintia Hills, are descended from the Mongolian people.
She said the government has proposed to the University Grants Commission (UGC) to open up opportunities for people with disabilities and women to study for the Ph.D.
The song was produced by Nangkhraw Mylliemngap and composed by Tyngshaiñ Mylliemngap.
On the same day, the MLA of North Shillong also distributed T.10,000 to 2 students who passed the SSLC and HSSLC examinations and also to four persons who passed the SSLC and HSSLC examinations. Many members of the body came to take part in this day.
However, the followers of Jesus Christ and the early Christians did not run away from the plague, but gave of themselves in order to serve, encourage, help and support their fellow human beings who were affected by the plague.
“I apologize to everyone for not being able to convince the Supreme Court to exempt Meghalaya from the Mines and Miners Development and Regulation Act
After walking 20 km, he was allowed to rest,” he said.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Dr. Donkupar Roy President Rangbah of the UDP, said that this is the first time that the three political parties have met together. I am a member of the ARPA in the District Council.
Calling for God's people to hide for a while.
Bhavna Kashyap has released the video which has been watched by many people.
Only time will tell.
On the other hand, the union said that the state government has decided to open the markets which used to be held once a day especially in the border areas. manpower and it will be difficult to control the people who come to these markets, without any chekup equipment and without the presence of personnel from the department. The health department is responsible for ensuring the entry and exit of these foreigners.
“The NIA has taken over the case of the bomb blast in Khyndailad from the Police Department.
“When we accept members of their own free will to come, the assistance should not be given personally.
He also urged the students to seek information through the internet on issues related to education.
“What is Truth?” asked Pilate, without waiting for an answer, for about two thousand years, and it seems that that question followed by a sign like Rashi, to this day, has been a mystery to them. The ears are like Tyrnem's shot at Rniang, and it stands like a hole in the water of the well where the child throws a plum.
The death toll was highest in Tarn Taran, Batala and Amritsar districts. 19 people died in Tarn Taran, 11 in Amritsar and 9 in Batala. The incident occurred at Muchhal village in Amritsar district.
East Khasi Hills has 110 new cases and West Jaintia Hills has 66 new cases.
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the office of the SDO (Supply) Amlarem Civil Sub-Division.
The Committee has also invited legal experts such as four former Chief Justices of India, five State Election Commissioners and Chairman of the Law Commission of India to discuss the issue.
He said that in the past years, the people of the state have understood the importance and health benefits of milk and other milk products and this has led to the the demand for more milk production.
They said that the area where these shops are located is 100 meters away from the river but they said that the sudden rise in the water level was due to the sudden closure of the dam without informing the public. be careful.
Speaking on the petition submitted by one of the teachers, Ma Vincent H.Pala said that in the past few days, he has sent a letter to the teachers. u Bah Carnes Sohshang who has made a request to do something for this school, he too with his sorrow for that request has already done his part and in the next few days he will send The proof of how much he has already allocated to provide assistance for the benefit not only of the teachers but especially of the students who come to study at this school.
He said that the Shillong Municipal Board is already in the middle of the work and they expect to be able to implement this plan to relocate the shopkeepers as scheduled.
The 6th Dorbar Shnong Wah Lukha Association (WASA) has strongly opposed the public hearing scheduled to be held on 19th March District authorities to hold a Public Hearing as scheduled.
The three Chief Police Officers who will receive the blood donation include Vivek Syiem, SP (City), Shillong, Inspector Kyrmenbha Shabong, Special Cell, Shillong and Inspector Simreng A Sangma, Special Cell, Shillong. Shillong.
About 30 people are involved in a lawsuit against MUDA who claim ownership of their land in the Umkhrah area of ​​Polo area.
This news has mislead the public because in fact before publishing such news should have been confirmed by the President or even by the owner of Bah Eugeneson himself. “It's a bad news that affects the honor and authority of Bah Eugeneson and the UDP party as a whole,” said the President.
On this occasion, the people especially the women took part in the program and there was also a discussion on the types of training and employment among the people.
There was also an allegation from the family members that she was robbed of Rs.4000/- However, the robbers did not take away the mobile phone or other valuables even though they were scattered on the ground.
“We have received a positive response from the Ministers but a decision will not be taken on this issue.
Shillong: “We must not forget the contribution of these leaders through the KSU because we are the same youth and the same organization we must unite, we must forget the differences. The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council, Bah Robert Kharjahrin, today said that the country cannot be built by selfishness or selfishness, only by unity. to commemorate the 184th death anniversary of the hero of the country, Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem and also the 5th anniversary of the service of the Seng to the people at a meeting held at Soso Tham Auditorium. .
The discovery of the body of a newborn baby in a garbage truck in Mawpat has shocked many people and brought condolences.
When I travel to South West Khasi Hills past Mawkyrwat which is the capital of the district, and travel to Wahkaji, Domiasiat and so on, I feel like counting the syngkai because of the heavy rainfall. .
Heavy rainfall has caused flooding and landslides in some villages, but no casualties were reported on Tuesday.
They are from Mawkhar-shiing village in Mawngap area.
The Dorbar Shnong Ladrymbai Datsimpein has released these lucky draw tickets to be drawn on the 11th January 2020 for the purpose of raising funds for the construction of the community hall of the village.
Thousands of UDP supporters from Mawthadraishan constituency on 5th July, flocked to witness the party's public meeting held at Kynshi Square.
In the second match, Lama was named Player of the Match.
Referring to the criticism of the ruling NPP, the candidate said that if you look at the way the NPP works, it has done many things as it promised in
Bah Kharmali in a letter sent to the Secretary of Hingaria according to the letter (No EJHD/LA-7/Pt-I/2021/19, dated 17th February 2021, subject: Creation of Indo-Bangladesh). “I request you to allow the NBCC to continue the construction of Border Fencing in your village until March 2021,” he said.
The meeting was also attended by the Labor Inspectors of the District.
Furthermore, the winners of the “COC – Champion of Champions” boxing tournament will receive a cash prize.
What would have been worse would have been if every household here in the city had been free to enter and leave the city.
Earlier, Prestone said that the government does not want to show only its ideas, but to show by its actions.
Shillong, March 09: The Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Higher Secondary School (KHHS) has celebrated its 125th anniversary.
For the needs of the people, we request the DM/DC WJH to release MOBILE REPAIRING from the curfew, as this is also one of the needs of the people on a daily basis.
Shillong, March 4 : The High Court of Meghalaya on Tuesday issued an order ban ban the transportation of illegally mined coal to dewbilat or coke factories in the state. .
However, the AICC has suspended them on the 13th of this month as they have not received permission or informed the MPCC or AICC to support the MDA government in coalition with the BJP.
The Supreme Court today suspended the Meghalaya High Court's appeal against Patricia Mukhim, editor of The Shillong Times and Shobha Chaudhuri, owner of the newspaper.
Khliehriat, June 19: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat District, today announced the release of Khaw Ration for the month of July,
Speaking on the slowdown in the education sector in Meghalaya, Conrad said the State has more than 55,000 teachers and nearly 15,000 schools and educational institutions.
This is the hope of Christians in the early days of the Church and it is also the hope of us who live in this generation. a new earth, in which righteousness shall dwell".
The HITO said that from the beginning, the union has stood on the ground that the Reservation Policy since 1972 is biased and the union has already explained that the Reservation Policy is the reason. while the Roster System is the result of this Policy.
At the same time, he said the government is trying to bring about action to gain the cooperation and trust of the people in the fight against terrorism.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Chairman of the High Level Committee, today told reporters that the report of the consultative committee has been submitted to the meeting of the High Level Committee. The Minister of Urban Affairs.
“The candidates who have already contested the MLA election from the VPP, we will have to see whether they have the desire to contest the MDC election and the people will be able to support them,” he said. , he added.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) Jaintia Hills District has earlier announced that it will hold a rally at the Secretariat on the 30th of this month to urge the government to reveal the truth. Two people were killed and many others were injured in the incident at Mookhep.
“On the peace and order in his constituency, Bah Rapsang said that steps have already been taken for this purpose.
“In the past, this river was used for cleaning and it is a clean river for cleaning and catching fish.
We remember those times and times when the people were afraid to come and go even in the heat because of the presence of armed men who did not even dare to blow up bombs.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Education, Rakkam K Sangma, today said that he and the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, have discussed with the National Testing Agency (NTA) to allow youngsters to fight for the National Testing Agency (NTA). common entrance university test (CUET).
In her speech, the chief guest recalled that Rev.JJM Nichols Roy was one of the great leaders of the Khasi Jaintia people who has made a great contribution to the society and also in the service of the people. as a Christian Minister and also as a scholar and understanding man.
The workers were immediately taken to a government hospital.
The semi final will start on November 30, 2023 and end on November 30, 2023. The semi final will be held online for 70 points. judges and 30 points from views and likes.
An earthquake is reported to have struck the island of Tristan Da Cunha between Cape Town, South Africa and Buenos Aires, Argentina in
Although such floods are not new to the residents, especially in the Langkyrding, Nongmensong and Pynthor areas, they have been happening frequently and this is due to the lack of water supply systems. It rained for hours and these places were flooded.
The KSU Laban Circle has informed that during the inspection of the Sha & Ja shops in the past few months on the cleanliness of the morning on the 13th June 2023, it was found that the shops have been using food items. gas cylinders which should be burned in houses and this is against the law.
The government has said that the NLFT and ATTF have committed acts of violence against the people of Tripura just to get what they want.
Shillong: The Raid Domria on Tuesday celebrated its New Year with the invitation of Pa'iem Laborious Manik Syiem, former Syiem of Mylliem Hima and Bah R Lyngdoh, General Secretary of the Hima Mylliem. The celebration was held at Bangphor, the headquarters of the Raid.
If we take dewthala, we are stingy and we don't care at the time of elections, we will also have corrupt Nongthawaiñ and Nongsynshar, who are involved in evil and who take stingy in the position of Khaddar.
Meghalaya lost two wickets, Kishan Lyngdoh and Raj Biswa, for 15 runs while Arien B Sangma (19 runs without losing a wicket) and Wallambok Nongkhlaw (4 runs) , without losing a wicket) were able to help the team win against Arunachal.
Shillong: U Bah Ernest Mawrie, President of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), today told reporters, “The demand for the resignation of the Minister of Home Affairs is not only my decision, but also my decision. This is the decision of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in the state, as a whole after the party has held a meeting with the State Office Bearers and in our party the highest decision is the decision of the BJP. State Office Bearer, in which we have already passed a resolution against zero tolerance corruption”.
If this unity of the Sengbhalang continues from now on on all issues affecting the Jaitbynriew, there will be no difficulty in winning any struggle whether it is against the government or against the companies and even against the Mynder Ri.
The MP said that there is no one who can stop the people from coming to the state.
Charles urged the government to stop the implementation of the NEP and to consult with the education experts as he sees this policy as affecting the students and education in the state.
Dalima Shhibber in the 25th minute took the ball to Dangmei who passed the ball to Manisha. without missing anything and scored straight into the goal.
Prestone said one of these places is the junction at Anjalee Petrol Pump but this place is under the control of the army.
The law also recommends that women be allowed to keep more than one husband, according to the BC news agency. The country has allowed men to marry brothers and sisters, and men to have many wives, believing that this will destroy the uniqueness of Africans.
They don't do anything to the vehicles of the officials and they have 200-300 vehicles with AS numbers, but they don't do anything and they don't do anything to the vehicles with ML. “They have lost their vehicle licences, but they are still asking for money and this shows that they don't want to spend money to buy money from their salary,” said one of the commenters on social media.
It is to be recalled that during the meeting between the Syiem of Sohra Hima and the Ministers at Mawjrong, they discussed the deterioration of the road which is the most important road for foreign tourists. From abroad and from the state, they are very smart to go to Sohra.
Thus, the time of Satan's imprisonment for 1000 years will be the time when the King of kings will rule for 1000 years on earth and forever a kingdom that will never end.
Shillong, July 17: The Greater Laban Community Development Society (GLCDC) on Monday demanded that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) should repeal the implementation of the MTP Act, in the areas under the jurisdiction of the District Council.
Speaking to reporters, Maduh said that since he was ill, he has not been able to eat food and beef until now. beit only with food that has not been cooked with bread.
He admitted that those posts spread on social media of the fraud of EVMs are not the machines used by the Election Commission of India but those of those elections not conducted by the Election Commission of India. India.
“The AICC leadership has not said anything about the appointment of ministers but it is up to the prime minister to do it because it is his will,” he said.
Other speakers included Tuesday Lytep, President FKJGP, DS War, Chief Organizing Secretary.
Lower Primary School and 41 posts in Upper Primary, 125 posts in Secondary School and 51 posts in Higher Secondary School and the total number of vacant posts is 1219,” she said.
Shim has T300 to buy clothes or anything else you need.
Today, Rupang has received information from the Dielang Market that the price of Phan has dropped from 15 tyngka per kilo to 10 tyngka per kilo.
According to a statement from the Seng leader, the inspection was carried out after the Seng members heard the complaints of the residents of Nongstoiñ. on the delay in coming to work by government employees where even until 11 pm the offices are still full.
On the appointment of Susuki Pariat as the President of the BJP State Mahila Morcha, the State Mahila Morcha Executive Committee was formed in consultation with the BJP Constitution and not as alleged by Bah Muktan. President Ernest Mawrie was also present.
Nongstoin, Naitung, 10: The production of biscuits this year has decreased significantly compared to previous years, as the villages that produce the best biscuits are Nongstoin, Markasa, Mawkaton, Laitkseh, Marngor, Phyllut, Mawlaisyiem, Nongshilong and Pariong. Speaking to this reporter, they said that in other years since the first month of November, Mahindra pickups have been used at Laitkseh, Marngor, Mawbrimynni, Markasa and other stations. They stand in line every day to load biscuits for sale to Assam, but this year there are very few vehicles carrying biscuits.
This government is not worried about the people because the CM knows that the Khasi are rich and he uses the loot they get from coal by thousands of crores to strengthen his seat.
Therefore, there is no peace for the Jews or for the Israelites.
Dr.AK Tripathi, Director of CIMAP, gave a detailed explanation on the medicinal plants in Meghalaya.
In conclusion of his speech, Minister Duh stressed that improved health services can be available in India only through Sabka Prayas (cooperation of all) and urged those who have part in this work to give their opinions.
“Lapangap, Mukroh, Khanduli, Langpih, Sabuda, Umwang, Moolber, Moojem, Psiar, Khatkasla and other Khasi villages fall under Meghalaya and KAAC and the Assam government should not own them,” she said. say more and more.
“It is appropriate to raise these issues before the Presidential candidate as she will take office soon so that she can follow up and look into these issues brought by the Lamphang. He was speaking on these issues when BJP Minister Sanbor Shullai stood up and interrupted.
The meeting was conducted by Mutshwa Thabah President of PWDS. Ms. S. Lapasam, Lady Health Visitor, Nartiang PHC gave training on “Consequences of Early Pregnancy” and Ms. T Lapasam, Community Health Officer, Nartiang PHC) gave training on “Consequences of Early Pregnancy”. Jacqueline Synnah, District Social Welfare gave a training on the Prohibition of Child Marriage Act 2006 and other topics related to child marriage.
The UDP has sought a reply within 24 hours from the two MDCs, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, after they decided to support the UDF. Teinwel Dkhar is the leader of the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) and the UDP.
The quarter final will start at 2 pm at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium, and the match will be between Mawkriah West SC and Mawkasiang SC for the semi final. .
Bah Titos said that the KHADC under his leadership as the head of the council has not only done anything but has worked for the farmers in the market by introducing the Amendment Bill to the The Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) has been strictly prohibited by law and is currently awaiting the approval of the Governor.
“After a while, the Additional Deputy Commissioner called for a meeting and explained that the teachers have violated Section 144 CrPC but the teachers have said that they will take the They have decided to hand over the certificates they have received during their studies to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. still in force before the government.
It will definitely be the fastest car, as it will start from 0 speed, but will reach a speed of 60 meters per hour, in just 1.9 seconds.
Marcuse N Marak said this after the Congress released reports that it is expected to win the Tura and Shillong parliamentary constituencies.
The goal was scored by Esalanme Bareh (Lumpariat) in the 58th minute.
“The access of foreigners to commit such illegal acts in connection with the illegal use of black simcards has severely affected the society and peace and order in the Eastern Region. Jaintia Hills Because most of the time with these illegal simcards, criminals of all kinds are easily able to commit illegal activities and crimes.
“During the elections, it was declared that the Sixth Schedule is the stieh of the nation but now it has become a 'ktieh' as ​​it grows stronger and stronger,” said the HITO leader in a statement sent to the media. newspaper.
Police immediately along with the father of the child rushed to Byrnihat and took her back home.
Residents of Shymplong and neighboring villages said that if they need to go to Khliehriat and Umkiang they have to walk from a hanging bridge on the Lukha River. They said that since the collapse of the bridge, no vehicles have been able to travel to the border villages including Huroi, Hingaria. , Lahalein, Lejri and other villages.
Another example, 'It has appeared clearly, they have deceived' and 'It has appeared clearly, they have deceived' - here the clear appearance is the tiensyrdoh and the pen ryngkew is the tienwet.
Don't worry.
They have ears, but they hear not; they have ears, but they hear not.
“There are many here and there who want power and glory regarding the border issue, but we urge the CM and the MDA government to move forward to achieve this good and necessary task. “Horkit hordang, we don't want the Khasi and Garo villages in the Langpih area to go to Assam,” said the statement.
He said that even the developed countries in the world are now facing difficulties in fighting against plastic pollution, so we must understand that plastic is a threat not only to the environment but also to the environment. people are the same.
However, Pynbha Suting managed to secure the victory for Mawlai by scoring in the 86th minute to put Mawlai in first place in the tournament. Nongthymmai are the first team to score 10 points and are unbeaten after four games, while Nongthymmai are in sixth position with three points.
“During this time Len, we will connect with people, we will focus on our personal lives to avoid bad habits.
Vincent Pala won by three times more than the second candidate John F Kharshiing in 2009 and Pastor PBM by about 50,000 votes. In Jaintia Hills, it is understood that the vote has been counted, the first reason for the count is because many candidates have contested from Jaintia Hills.
On this occasion, the participants of the tournament which was held on the 24th November, 2023 were also honoured.
AK Kharsyntiew, General Secretary of the Sengkmie New Nongstoiñ, said that the law should be enforced and all those involved should be arrested immediately.
The French as the rulers of the mynder have implemented this method of division and rule and perhaps from this time it has entered the minds of some of our brothers and sisters because perhaps they do not It is difficult to find the origin and origin of being a nation.
Prestone's speech was supported by Rowell Lyngdoh who was present at the Nongkrem Festival.
The speakers at the inspection on Saturday expressed their regret over the neglect of the old PWD road in the state which has been under construction since
“If we want to survive we eat, if we want to achieve the goal we have to face the challenges and it will teach us to be winners,” he said.
According to sources, the cause of the fire is unknown as it happened at midnight but was seen by some passers-by. The owners of these shops have found that their shops have been completely destroyed by the fire.
We have to make it clear here to the MDCs that we don't have any differences or evil thoughts among us.
There are some individuals who are concerned about the air pollution in the areas where the coke factories are located across the coal-producing districts.
Shillong: SBI-RSETI Ribhoi District has completed 19 types of training programmes, in which 407 trainees have benefited. Financial Year 2022-23.
There are 82 recoveries from the disease.
It is worth mentioning that the Nongotdoh Group in Ri Lum Khasi, has held a strike against the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh.
You should drink 2 to 3 times a day for better results.
Healthy people know how to manage stress by thinking only of the good, getting enough sleep, avoiding alcohol and associating with good and encouraging people.
Members of the Karbi Anglong District Council will also be present in these Regional Committees.
There is no picture of others, you say the HSPDP or the UDP.
Speaking as the chief guest, Y. Mawlong, ADC South West Khasi Hills District, expressed her gratitude to the District Sports Officer (DSO) Mawkyrwat for organizing such games for the school children. , this is very important for the children to be smart and strong and have a healthy body, at the same time she congratulated the teachers and principals of various schools who The Chief Minister's District Level Inter School Athletics Meet was organized through them.
This decision came after a complaint was lodged with the Ministry of Education against the failure of private schools to provide bicycles. sha you for.
The Dorbar Shnong Tuber Kmaishnong has immediately lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner after the villagers found that the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) has spread garbage on Iaw Raja Hill which falls within the boundary of the village. , East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat to protest against this and demand to send back the garbage.
The President of HYC Nongthliew Circle, Bah Joplang Kharnaior, said that the HYC has been monitoring this demand from time to time and it is an issue that has been going on for a long time since the Government. The State has proposed since 2019 to upgrade this school.
The Waheh Shnong said that they have already made it clear that they do not allow garbage dumping in the area and he has also spoken to the Executive Magistrate, who has clarified that the announcement is on the implementation of 144 CrPC which should be announced from today. Thursday night and this has caused a stir among the residents of the village which has led them to come out again.
The complaint was lodged at Tura police station on Saturday evening by a female police officer.
Speaking on the occasion, the Horticulture Development Officer, Gambegre C&RD Block, Flamia Chimachi R Marak said that the Government of India has made every effort to eradicate TB by the end of across India and therefore urged the TB patients to cooperate and take the necessary measures to get a cure from this disease.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: U NPP Leader and Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sñiawbhalang Dhar on Friday, denied reports that there will be no change (reject the UDP) in the Government. Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA)-2 after the elections in Sohiong.
State Police said that there has been a flood in the Sonapur tunnel.
The owners of various film theaters in the country have threatened to close down their theaters if they are not allowed to release Pathaan. It has been decided to release in Bangladesh in the coming days.
Shillong, Lber 03 : The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K Sangma will be sworn in as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya for the second term on the 7th of this month.
Umphyrnai SC: Mewanlang Laloo scored the first goal for PFR FA (38 min).
Mulang Ialong beat Klopano 2-0
This has been going on for months,” said Bah Sungoh.
“The government has decided to achieve this target by 2017,” said Principal Secretary in charge of PHE PW Ingty while opening a two-day workshop on 'Nirmal Meghalaya' monday.
The meeting decided not to allow foreign traders to sell or trade syiar in the state.
The kur ka jait should also uphold the traditional customs and traditions and should be careful and vigilant in relation to marriage, especially in clean marriage.
Similarly, when any celebration is held on Sunday, it should not be considered anti-Christian.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 10: A group of six members of the United Garo Security Force (United Garo Security Force) have arrived at Dobakdrop village in WKH this evening. The robbers who arrived at the village at 8:30 PM also abducted a teacher of the village.
The referee, who was closer to the scene, tried to stop the game and tried to use the authority given to him to warn the players. and also to start beating or blocking the referee with his hand and make him do whatever is necessary and that is to expel Reymond and Lennypaul of Nongrim Hills from the field.
Malachi says – “The day of judgment is at hand” Malachi 2:1
Kharmawphlang said the time for claims and objections, then to apply for a new EPIC to remove the names of those who have died or fled the electoral roll, then to correct errors and others in the Electoral Roll will be from 27th March to 9th November
There was no change in the topics, but only a correction because the topics of the national level were wrongly printed instead of the state level in the invitations for the state level.
Restarwel Marbaniang scored 6' for Nongtyngur, Basuklang Khongglamet 72' and Stoperwel Tangsong 75' while Ribar Dkhar scored 27' for Nongtyngur.
“If NEIGRIHMS cannot succeed, the union will gather the youth of the country to turn to NEIGRIHMS to close down the hospital,” said Bah Roykupar.
The lawyer of the JHADC, admitted that the Doloi, collect revenue without any rules and on the other hand, the lawyer of the Doloi, admitted, that this is within the authority of the Dolloi and the Supreme Court. It has not accepted to suspend the demand of the JHADC, but has directed the Dolloi to respond to the allegation of the District Council.
The entire state of Nagaland has been declared a disturbed area for six months until November 2019 and will fall under the provisions of the AFSPA. , which authorizes the soldiers to search or search in any place without permission.
It is learned that the incident happened three years ago, when a child of a tyngab, was stuck in a jar and when Kewat went to find her, he went out of the jar, but she died in his hands. and then there was a great enmity between him and the tyngab of that village.
(ii) is against the White Paper of the Sohra Hima Dorbar. Member No.8 is responsible to the Hima Dorbar. This action of the Syiem is against the Transfer of Land Act in Meghalaya
“When the government has given assurance to protect the lives of the people, why have the people been arrested,” he said.
There was a strong article about the mistreatment of nuns in their various residences.
It requires the responsibility and systematic participation of each and every one of us to avoid the widespread destruction of trees by taking care of them, as our ancestors foresaw the need for forests. which protects them through the law kyntang, law khang and forests set up by various government departments in these days.
This is an insurance of T.2 lakh in case of accident or injury and T.1 lakh in case of injury and injury.
Hatisawuna, on the other hand, does not associate with the herd, he walks alone.
“PA Sangma is an inspiring leader, Conrad said, “PA Sangma is only a child from a small village who has reached the position of Speaker of Parliament as the founder of the Parliament. region Eastern Hemisphere.
Rymbai Shkenshynriah SC has reached the final after beating Rymbai Iawpynsing SC 2-1 in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) on November
LPS, the Govt.
There should be a government scheme to help such poor families so that if the children pass school they can go to college and so on and they can also get job training. skill training to produce various products or to increase the value of soybeans by converting soybean juice or other food items.
The opening of these two tourist attractions will be from 01/12/2020 and all tourists should register at the Tourism Information Center in Mawphlang.
Shillong: On the BJP's intention to nominate a candidate for the Lok Sabha MP elections from Shillong and Tura Parliamentary constituencies, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, who is also the President of the National People's Party (NPP), said that he does not care. your own right to make a decision.
Former GSU Khasi Hills Zone President Saljrang G Momin joined the Congress party and was appointed as the Secretary of the State Committee. Phasmon Dkhar, MDC from JHADC, was appointed as the Secretary of the State Committee.
Bruton is 37 years old and Larisa is 31 years old.
That he was a good man and dignified in his character so he never lost patience in coming and going.
After the shooting, the BSF seized only the pla containing the money while the suspect fled to Bangladesh.
“What is happening now is that the government contracts have been done by the MLA himself and from this people's money, they use to buy back the people during the elections,” said Bah Martle.
This was announced by a team of experts in their report.
The club's elite squad includes Thierry Henry, Robert Pires, Freddie Ljungberg, Dennis Bergkamp, ​​Ashley Cole, Gilberto Silva, Sol Campbell and Patrick Vieira.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has said that the border demarcation between Meghalaya and Assam is very difficult and challenging.
Shillong: The Rupang Shlem Shlem has distributed household items and clothes to 9 out of 10 poor families from across the Khasi-Jaintia Hills District. 29th November 2021 at Mawkhar Christian Hr.Sec School, Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Director General of Police (DGP) Dr LR Bishnoi on Saturday said that the police raided the farm house of Tura MDC Bernard Bernard. N.Marak said that the West Garo Hills District Police have fulfilled their duties without any order.
They also demanded the establishment of two police out posts at two places in these areas, one in Nongshken and the other in Kongwang. There is only one police out post and this cannot provide full service to the residents of the area and has brought about the safety of the residents of the area.
This is part of the commemoration of those who have died of AIDS and will also be a way to encourage those who are still living with HIV and their families to look after them. trouble that they have faced.
This was made clear in a speech in the Constituent Assembly, where one of the prominent members of the tribals, Rev. JJM Nichols Roy, said, “Hindus do not eat beef, but tribals do.
Himanta said the Judicial Inquiry appointed by Assam or Meghalaya has not come to fruition because the investigation of the Commission from Assam has found that the witnesses from Meghalaya have not come forward and so has the Commission from Meghalaya. Meghalaya where witnesses from Assam did not appear.
Shillong, Naitung 21: BSF troops have seized 27 cows worth T.4.9 lakh from Nayabazar (Hat Thymmai) in East Khasi Hills.
Police in Ri Bhoi District have arrested nine suspects involved in the recent robbery at Umduba and Umnowe Killing villages under Khanapara Police Station, Ri Bhoi District.
Where is the report of the Regional Committee?” asked Bah Dkhar.
The scheme covers 77.79 percent of the rural population and 50.87 percent of the urban population.
The WJC Jaintia Hills Unit has visited the road to inspect the condition of the road.
The Meghalaya Basketball Association (MBA) will hold a selection ceremony for the 48th Sub Junior National Basketball Championship to be held by the BFI at the Rajiv Gandhi Stadium. , Puducherry from 3rd to 9th July this year.
There are 199 confirmed cases, of which 140 are from East Khasi Hills, 5 cases from West Khasi Hills, 30 cases from Ribhoi District, 15 cases from West Garo Hills and 2 cases from South West Garo Hills. one in South Garo Hills, one in North Garo Hills and one in East Garo Hills.
He urged the Minister of Electricity to provide financial assistance to start these projects and help the state to avoid electricity shortages.
He said that according to the Supreme Court decision, the government can punish severely those who publish and spread false information on vaccination.
The KSU has complained that the bank has not been operating for 10 months and has caused a lot of trouble to the people who work with the bank.
In fact, during their meeting with the Minister in June this year, he said that the resolution for the examination for these posts was 180 vacancies.
Shillong, July 18 : The introduction of traditional games at the Meghalaya Games to be held in Tura this season has shocked the spectators as for the first time they will witness such traditional games. more surprising than running, shooting or playing football.
On the other hand, the drivers of commercial vehicles have requested the government to reduce the tax on petrol so that all the poor can benefit.
She also urged the government to expedite the enactment of the DREAM Draft Policy.
Since last year, the news of Anil's involvement in the Rennervations has spread rapidly but the tyngshop has not yet commented on this.
Richard Dhar scored the first goal for Ialong SC in the 25th minute.
Nongpoh: U Bah Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, on Tuesday expressed his deep sorrow over the clash between the leader of a group and the Minister of State.
With 160 runs needed to win from 212 runs, Meghalaya scored 52/4 first but fell to
Shillong: U Rupang today spoke to the Joint Secretary of the Nongspung Hima, Bah Philemon Kharmyndai.
The story of the miracles also appeared in the rally and mass protest of five thousand rich people, the poor, the needy, the unpaid and the unemployed. adequate earning opportunities.
It was not until the arrival of the Assam Rifles, who were patrolling the area, that the clashes were resolved and the Myanmar troops were ordered to leave.
"It is an open fact that the central government's investigation team has done all this against the anti-BJP party and helped those who had agreed to work with the party," he said. RJD leader in an interview with reporters in the Bihar Assembly.
The death toll from EKH: 06, WGH: 01, SWGH: 01, NGH: 01, SGH: 01 According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 1183 new cases have been confirmed. There are 6477 active cases in the State.
According to the RTI, the KHADC has allocated T.1.35 crore from the 13th Finance Commission which has allocated T.1 crore in 2011-2012, T.1 crore in 2012-2 15 lakh and for 2013-2014 T.20 lakh.
The distribution will be conducted through the workshops of the Zonal Education Officers and the Directorate of School Education, Manipur.
Enbin is a former MDC of Mawkyrwat who has been in the HSPDP for decades under the leadership of Hoping. I have left the HSPDP in Nongkrem myself. I respect Bah Ardent very much, but he has done enough for me”.
This road is very important.
However, there is no problem with petrol and diesel in the state.
Wadooh waduk and you will be able to eat raw and tyrkhaw and you will be able to start empty.
Shillong's temperature was 89 percent in the morning and 78 percent in the evening.
The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma on 29th June, said that there are between 40 and 50 percent of the students who have completed Class XII in the state who have not registered to contest the examination. The Common University Entrance Test-Under Graduate (CUET-UG) examination was held recently in the State.
Regarding the behavior of some of the elders (whom I don't want to name because they are no longer here on earth) it has caused problems to Bah KM Roy Marbaniang and I who went to accompany him because I am not a member of the that group.
The pre quarter match will be between Sohphoh vs Namdong-B at 12 noon and Tamu vs Morathud at 2 pm.
Everything hasn’t been the same for Sindhu since she experienced pain in parts of her foot in January 2022.
The new Chairman, Bah B.Dhar, has fixed the date of hearing on 25th October 2022 and after that on 20th June 2022 to hear the case but both times these people did not attend. before the court.
The Central Government has approved Telangana two months after the Congress Working Committee approved it as the 29th state of the country.
The report, which has been posted on social media, shows that a NAM, or Drinkers Association of Meghalaya, has demanded to increase the price of alcohol.
The Government in its recent meeting has decided to amend the Meghalaya Services Conduct Rules 1990 by inserting Section 20 (b) which prohibits government employees from participating as village officials, clubs or organizations. .
On this occasion, they discussed to find ways and means to speak according to the evidence as these people are within Meghalaya because only Garo, Khasi, and Pnar are descended from their mother and inheritance from their mother. but Assam does not recognize this.
If they don't do that, they are quick to become terrorists.
The report shows, through Google Earth images and other images, that China has strengthened its military bases in Nyingchi, the capital, which falls under in the Tibetan Province, where there are two battalions in the city.
Although the players of Mawklot tried to turn the tide, but until the end they could not succeed and lost their first defeat in this tournament.
It is gratifying that Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has agreed to remove these two species from the status of forest products and this decision will benefit the farmers. synsar, sla tyrpad of the Riwar area of ​​the State as a whole, because by imposing restrictions on these as forest products, it allows the exploitation of government offices of the State or District Councils and even the States. , which these goods travel to their disposal sites.
Ewanmida O Langstang 37' and Samha OO Ksoo 80' scored the second goal for Dongmihsngi. They will not play in the Third Division.
On the other hand, the former leader recalled that during their tenure in the party, they used to recruit athletes in various offices on the basis of the sports quota. Compared to the State of Manipur, the sports activities of the youth of Manipur are not less than 3 candidates for IPS or IAS examination. He encouraged the youth to work hard in their studies and sports so that the State can move forward.
The lack of rainfall at this time has caused a lot of trouble to the farmers as they may lose a lot of crops this time.
Panah also said, “How can you, Rida, go when I have come to get medicine?
And to abolish this custom is no longer easy, because it has taken root in our minds.
However, these candidates and senior leaders of the NPP, have expressed their concern over the violence by Mukul Sangma in the state, in which this violence by Mukul Sangma has shocked not only the people in the state. However, it has also stirred up the fellow MLAs from the Congress Party and on this it has witnessed the departure of many Congress MLAs.
Speaking to media, James K Sangma, Minister of Food and Civil Supplies, said that the Prime Minister has released T26,35,75,500/- for the purchase of 1,17,278 metric tonnes of rice will be sold to the public.
Lethindra Sangma, MPS, will take over the post of Deputy Commandant of 3rd MLP Battalion, Sahbsein and Chauenali Sangma, MPS will take over his place.
There are only 4 poor households in this village.
PM-DevINE has been announced as a new Central Sector Scheme in the Union Budget for the year 2022-2
Shillong: The National Council for Educational Research (NCERT) has decided to replace the name 'India' with 'Bharat' in all textbooks in schools in the country.
“The Secretary Shnong has also made false statements to destroy my clan and this statement has been witnessed by the Rangbah Shnong of Lapangap A,” said the woman.
At the same time, he encouraged and advised the people to work hard and be happy.
Police have arrested all four persons and detained them together in the same jail but while they were in custody at Sadar Police Station, Borlang said that these three friends of his They ordered him to admit that he did it alone and if he didn't do as they ordered, they would kill him. “I am afraid that they will kill my mother, I told the police that I did it alone,” said the youth. months in jail for the crime.
Tusharendra Barpanda, Head- Professional Development Centre, Eastern Zone, said, &quot;We believe that the full development of children is the most important and the middle part of this. and the IIBF is proud to support these initiatives taken for the benefit of children from an early age in Meghalaya.
“From these groups we have seized mobile phones which were used for terrorist activities.
The death toll has risen to 2,263 in the past 24 hours.
In a statement, the Seng said that the JHADC cannot issue a license to foreigners if those types of activities can be done by the state residents, for example, shops selling Jain, selling juti, shops. the waidong and the shopkeeper.
Humanistic approach allows students to choose their education and interests according to their interests rather than teacher-centered approach, which means that students will listen to the teacher's explanation, she said. thew woh the ability of the student to receive the soh.
Because as it is until now, we have a state without a proper border.
There are 51 recoveries from the disease.
In order to ensure the smooth running and safety of traffic, he urged the drivers not to overtake.
Let the future be bright when the children have time.
“Meat is essential for humans to get protein which protects against many diseases,” said Bah Tyngkan.
He said that the attendance of people to get vaccinated is very low and he appealed to all the residents to come forward to get vaccinated at the places designated to prevent the spread of COVID-1 -19.
Speaking to media after a meeting with Executive Member (EM) Paul Lyngdoh, General Secretary Roy Kupar Synrem said that the party has found many shops without license and some had but were not renewed.
This time, the creation of Districts was postponed, but it was decided to open two Civil Sub Divisions, one in Pynursla and one in Mawthengkut, four Blocks and eight Police Stations.
Residents should observe the following rules in the room when going shopping:- Only one member from each household is allowed to go shopping.
The Sengbhalang has expressed its dissatisfaction with the CEM how these villages in the area and the Hima have approved these coal mining factories without consulting them before approving them. These Sengs, it seems, are not the owners of these factories.
Lyngdoh said that for the year 2014-2015, T.436 crore has been proposed to the Government of India but it could increase further as the scheme depends on the demand of the people.
“I have a main goal to create opportunities for young people who have education in their various fields where they should turn to private jobs like private companies because The Government of India has allowed the private sector to set up jobs, such as various jobs and through them they can get involved in government jobs”, encouraged Bah Renik to the youth of Mawkyrwat Constituency and also on his part he has a plan to set up training centers for the youth so that the youth can get jobs in the future.
According to the IT officer, according to the inspection, there are only about 200 schools which have internet access, but those who do not have BSNL network cannot access internet.
Besides the money, the complaint said that these people took the check from him and released him at about 4.00 pm.
In the second match, Moosianglamare New beat Lakadong Ummat SC 5-4 in the tie-breaker after the first half.
Jowai: Four persons were buried in the coal at 3 Kilo Sutnga area where an illegal coal truck overturned and four people were buried in the coal. bad die hashen.
Through this 10-goal lead, the game became more and more intense on both sides, especially in the attempts, but it was France who turned the tide in the 78th minute through Olivier Giroud's header. to score 2-1 goals.
He also spoke about Swami Vivekanandana's work for the society and urged the students to spread his name and teachings.
The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) has given 10 days to the education department to appoint Lower Primary teachers in West Jaintia Hills District and has threatened to close down the DSEO office if they do not receive the demand.
According to the village leaders, the road is under preparation by the PWD, Sohra Division for cleaning from Pyntha Umdan to Majai Umdud and Tharia Sohbar.
These leaders held a short meeting and laid flowers at the monument to Kiang Nangbah in front of the Deputy Commissioner's Office, Khliehriat East Jaintia Hills District.
In Group C, Meghalaya will face Sports Authority of India (SAI) at 2:00pm while Haryana will face Odisha.
The accident involved a Maruti (ML 10-7040) driven by the deceased, Bah Petar Sohphoh (40 years old), resident of Thadwang, Pyndengrei. , West Khasi Hills.
On Monday, the CJM took the bail application of Kong Agnes and the case was taken to the court but the court rejected the bail application.
Israel's defense ministry on Sunday announced a 317 million euro ($340 million) agreement to sell air defense systems to a new NATO member, Finland.
On the past crimes, the former Chairman of the HNLC said that the law will do whatever is necessary.
The accident happened at 2:15 pm while they were on National Highway 51 near Paikan in Goalpara district of Assam.
On the natural resources and how to take good care of them, I have to share the following facts.
The prize money for the winners is 25,000 (Arphewsan Thousand) tyngka and the runners-up 15,000 (Khatsan Thousand) tyngka.
Shillong, March 14: Police have arrested two persons, Dipankor Chakraborty (20) and Bapan Deb (19) for stealing T.25,0 The incident happened at Furlong, Shillong.
Shillong, July 12: To spread the message of HIV/AIDS, the Meghalaya Aids Control Society (AIDS) will conduct a special campaign against the disease through song, dance and music.
Besides these awards, Rachel also received cash prizes of T.2 lakh and T.30,000 for her best performance in various subtitles.
“This meeting is to find ways and means to alleviate the problems faced by the people in relation to the Housing Act issued by the government,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh. news today.
Because social media platforms are very popular, this policy also regulates how the CBC can make announcements on behalf of the Government on these platforms.
Soolangki Laloo March 30, 2021 It's time to protest against the government, against the authorities.
The weak constituencies have already been identified,” he added.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong S Tariang, Vice President, MBS&G-West Jaintia Hills, said that the Foundation Day is also a time to remember the founder of the movement, Lord Baden Powel and the pioneers. to the Seng in the Country and the State.
Rikambe W Sangma scored the third goal in the 15th minute, Wanmisha Marak in the 21st minute and the third goal for Rongrong Union UP Sch. Rikambe W Sangma scored the third goal in the 25th minute while Trisha K Marak scored the third goal for Resu Union Sec Sch.
Farmers have faced difficulties in going to the offices of the DC or District Agriculture Officer to get the necessary documents related to agriculture especially to get the Curfew Pass to deliver the crops. , seeds, fertilizer to farmland.
The progress of the industry in India over the last three decades is promising and will continue to grow as the years go by.
At the end of the Inter Dong Football Tournament, Dong Pdengshnong won the Rangbah, after beating Dong Lumkseh 2-0 and Dong Nongkyntoit won the title. in the Under 12 category, after beating Dong Lumkseh in the tie breaker.
How can they speak to preserve the customs and traditions of the people when they have already violated the right of the people to elect MDCs every five years for unjustified reasons? .
Speaking to reporters, Paiem Baldwister said that the former Syiem, Paiem Nangteising Syiemiong, who has been suspended from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), has misused his powers. in which he converted the land of the Hima called Law Lyngngam Tilla and Pyndenglanglieh Law Syiem into his own land, by making rules for the joint ownership between the Hima and his family.
Animal feeds are allocated according to their diets and feeds are provided by a supplier selected by the department.
Shillong, Nailar 02 : Mylliem MLA and Minister of C&RD, Bah Hamlet Dohling today witnessed the final match of the 1st Inter-Shnong Knockout Football Tournament at Nongpiur Stadium.
On the occasion, a meeting was held led by Bah Panborlang Ryntathiang and a wreath laying ceremony was held at the monument erected by Raidmynsaw at Langpih Market.
Furthermore, the wealth that should be shared is spreading only in a few hands and the gap between the poor and the rich is widening.
Shillong, July 04: Members of the KSU Mawkasiang Unit on Thursday arrested a foreigner who threw garbage in the forest near Mawdiangdiang Road opposite the new Legislative Assembly at 8 pm. :00 am in the morning.
He said that the government has estimated that the number of cases will increase to 5000 and the government is ready to curb this, but what is needed is that if the number of cases increases, even if The government will also provide hospitals, beds and oxygen cylinders, but all these will not be able to provide all.
According to Paul, strict rules will be implemented to punish those who use plastic and even to revoke their trading license if found to be in violation of the law.
Because many times we forget that young people when there is no one to guide them from the beginning they reach the end of life.
The most important duty of our parents is to encourage and teach their children at all times that it is their duty to honor their “Son”. as they used to call themselves Mama, Marit, Madeng, Maheh, so that the family would be free from outside troubles and robbery.
However, we make it clear that we should not play politics with the health of the people of West Khasi Hills, because this has become like politics,” he said.
“Raju had the intention to take the truck to Jorhat for smuggling goods there,” said the police chief.
The Government of Meghalaya is ready to spend up to $50 million for the construction of 273 and upgradation of more than 2200 Anganwadi Centers in the State, said the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh. after a two-day hearing.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong has strongly opposed the invasion of the Karbi people into the village just to cross the border into Meghalaya.
The incident lasted about 45 minutes.
She said that the beneficiaries on the list of ration cards are those whose names have been registered according to the census of the National Food Security Act and also according to the demand that the names of foreigners should be removed. , will depend on the decision of the higher authorities, she added.
This is to inform you that Kong D Linda Langstang, resident of Caroline Colony, Jowai, passed away on
“This letter from the state government has also been sent to the Ministry of Home Affairs,” the government statement said.
Let them experience it once and spend the money here too.
He also praised the state's ability to manage funds properly despite the shortage of funds after the NGT ban on coal mining in the state. Seed testing centers have been set up in Shillong, Jowai and Tura and four more will be set up, besides the implementation of a training center for farmers to improve agriculture.
And it will be of great benefit to me when I read the Bible.
In the second semi final of the women's category, H Elias Secondary School vs Umpohliew Jingtip H.S.S. in the final this year.
The incident came at a time when the opposition has strongly criticized the BJP government in Karnataka for more than 40 per cent of the revenue and payment in government tenders.
The children and youth were asked to teach and guide them to maintain their manners and dignity, to respect the elderly.
As part of the programme, each rural household will receive a phone call of 5000/- per annum to improve their employment opportunities such as agriculture and others.
They cannot continue to make unfair demands from the people”.
Shillong: The Punjab Government has allocated T.11.50 lakh to Them Metor, but the Government is not aware of this, but the money from Punjab has gone directly to the office of the Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills. I went straight to Them Metor.
The Halflong Unit also celebrated Lumlang Day at the Halflong Cultural Institute.
Although the BJP does not have a single MLA in the state, it hopes to defeat the Congress in the upcoming elections with its goal of making India free from the hands of the Congress. .
However, the PDM soon disappeared and its leaders joined hands with the Congress.
The army chiefs admitted that these smugglers are from the country and the villagers who knew well the place of refuge during the invasion.
Nongpoh: Members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) have raided hundreds of foreign workers working at the Riangdo Veeneer (P) Ltd, Umiam, after they were arrested. It is known that these foreigners have started to show their strength, even though they have learned that they have come without proper documents.
“If they cannot form a coalition government, it would be better for the UDP to sit in the Opposition because the time will come when change will come according to the voice of the people,” said some of the leaders.
Wallam Lyngdoh scored 65 runs from 62 balls and Pynkupbor Bonney tied 29 runs from 15 balls.
I just wanted to write until I sang a song.
This is because we don't love our culture and don't understand our culture, but the truth is if others can, why can't we?”.
Hek said it has not yet been decided who will take over the post of prime minister, as it will depend on the decision and appointment of the party who is qualified to appoint the post.
He urged other villages to follow suit and be ready to accept such shelters, especially those patients who are mentally ill.
Earlier, the Minister also held a meeting at the Soso Tham Auditorium with MLAs, MDCs, and leaders from various groups to discuss ways to lift the ban on the NGTHa. GHADC CEM Aphonse A Sangma said that 90 percent of the people of Garo Hills have been affected and shops have been closed since the NGT ban on coal mining. JHADC Bah Thombor Shiwat said that the ban on coal mining has also affected the revenue collection of the Council.
“Purno Sanmga will be remembered for his courage and determination.
Earlier, Dr Mawthoh said that what will happen if these contractors who have not received the bill go to court, and it will be a burden on the department if this happens. picture.
The farmers have decided not to join hands with the leaders of the BJP-JJP government in the area.
The Court said that although the government has directed all the Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police to ensure that persons with mental disabilities should not cause any harm to the people or walk without but they did not do so as commanded.
While awarding the prizes to these two students especially Dimpi Medhi who got 19th rank in the MBOSE SSLC Examination, the chief guest said that the achievement of the goals of the students is only if they work hard. difficult and respectful who are like the two pillars of education.
They also demanded to improve the health facilities in these areas where there are shortcomings and deficiencies in the ChC Pynursla. They also demanded to upgrade the CHC Pynursla. The CHC has only 30 beds and covers 140 neighboring villages. There is only one Pongtung PHC in the area. There are four sub centers in Langkyrdem, Pyrnai, Mawkliaw and Nongthymmai.
Meghalaya's Punit Bisht was named man of the match.
The owner of the land, Bah Liana Rani, said that we have not been able to leave the land because the government, the Ri-Bhoi district authorities and the NHAI have not given us any permission. No compensation has been received until today, although they have destroyed the land by turning it into the main road.
The investigation team is expected to submit its report within three months to the relevant court.
This came after the HPC in a recent meeting with the State Government, demanded that the State Government should allocate 10 acres of land in the European Ward for the accommodation of 342 households. 200 square meters as a land allocation in Metor Area, Mawlong Market Area.
He said that knowledge can start from the beginning and end with death, therefore, if people want to seek knowledge in it there is no end.
Jarain Sports Club, which won the title, received a cash prize of 2 lakh tyngka.
In the morning, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Shanbor, left his house early in the morning to go to Shillong to meet with Riewsaid.
In Pynursla Civil Sub-Division, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh launched the flag ceremony.
If we are controlled by our feelings, we cannot be good or bad,” said Ksan's father.
Those who attended the meeting included only the NCP, HSPDP and the ruling Congress.
Although the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided and income activities have started to resume, the continuation of the PM-GKAY will ensure that no household will have to face the threat of poverty. this is the time when the work is still being done.
On behalf of the Association, I would like to clarify regarding the news against the Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) in the past few days regarding the anger of the members of the EC of MSSASA East Khasi Hills District Unit. I would like to explain to all the SSA teachers in East Khasi Hills District and the State as a whole who are members of the Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA).
In Hubei province, 116 people have died and 4,823 new cases have been reported on Friday, China's health ministry said.
Shillong, March 14: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh (Paidang), MDC of the Congress party from Mawkynrew today resigned from the Congress party. before making this decision".
Shillong: The Rot Association of Meghalaya (RAM), an organization of prostitutes in Meghalaya, with the support of the United Nations Office, has announced that it will protect the rights of prostitutes in Meghalaya. She has now become a member of the world's largest women's organization, the Global Network of Sex Work Projects (NSWP).
Mawmluh Youth League beat Ïaphyrnai S&YA (Mawjrong) 2-1 to win the Super League of the 4th (L) KM Diengdoh Memorial Football League 1st Division on Saturday. organized by the Sohra Sports Association (SaSA).
Question Hour – Question Hour The first occasion in the session of the Legislative Assembly where a Question Hour is set aside for questions and answers immediately within the hour allotted by the time.
I just knew that you can’t keep fish for long.
The State BJP Mahila Morcha (SMM) has slammed HM Shangpliang for his unfounded allegations against party president Ernest Mawrie.
On Thursday, the military authorities also held a meeting with the village council leaders as well as the YMA leaders. from Khawdungsei and Khakhawn to discuss issues related to the construction of the temporary office.
Speaking at the launch of the book held on Saturday at Synod College, Bah Shemborlang said that he decided to write this book after Prof.SS Majaw urged him to write the book. He said that he should publish a book on the Tang Jait because there has not been a single book that has been thoroughly researched and explained about the Tang Jait system that the ancients have established.
The new cases include EGH: 1, EJH: 2, EKH: 61, RBD: 9, WGH: 1, WJH: 11 and WKH:
The purpose of the Cental jail was to separate convicted prisoners from those under trial.
The Leader of Aijingtngen Thongni has covered all those who took part in the dance with newspapers. The traditional dance by the same Leader has brought tears to many eyes.
Therefore, in order for the people to get their Adhaar as soon as possible, the residents have requested the photographers to come as soon as possible so that they can complete this task as soon as possible.
Therefore, in this age of rapid development, let us not forget our “Identity” which we have to understand clearly even though we have been selfish and compassionate towards foreigners. nongar, which the Tynrai shall not hide for ever.
The opening ceremony was also attended by the President of the Meghalaya Judo Association, Bah Lorenzo P Warjri, Joint Secretary, Kong Kriat Snah (Vice President) and Bah Balamphang Kharkongor, President of the Judo Federation of India. the General Secretary & Coach of the Club.
Hoi – KiwAr-bor in two stages (2)It is the right to be honored.
“Yes, the MDC has sent me a letter and I have spoken to him and informed him that the Assam Police have lodged a complaint and taken the three Khasi youths to court for trial.
The union is not surprised, because last year it was revealed that AMD and UCIL have used private companies who are the owners of the state to mine uranium in Mawthabah area with the intention of misleading. and the people shall not understand his wisdom.
The Seng in a short program held at Shillong Club has donated 5000 tyngka each to these youths.
He also encouraged the children to share the information with their relatives and neighbors so that they can learn about TB and as children they can become spokespersons to explain to others. how to protect yourself from this disease.
This is not only to preserve the work of the musical instrument makers but also to provide employment opportunities to the people who make these instruments.
She said that if this issue is investigated, it will lead to differences of opinion between the Garo and Khasi Jaintia. She said that if they come forward, it will not be useful because it is a violation of the order of the court.
She said that as Khasi Pnars, “we must respect and preserve the customs and traditions of our ancestors and what the ancients told us in ancient times”.
She said she wants to sit for the Civil Services Exam and her goal is to become an IAS officer. “When I get this opportunity, I am happy that my family allows me to progress in my education,” she said.
In 2016, the seizure of money and equipment was only T.20 crore.
The people of Sohiong constituency in East Khasi Hills District have expressed their happiness that they will be able to elect a leader to look after the welfare of the constituency.
In a statement, the President of the Seng Khasi Nongmensong, Rangbah S Jala, said that this shad-ka-kmen is a memorial and offering of the Khasi Khara once a year to God the Creator. the Hok is the Riti.
On the other hand, the Raid has set up a team to look after these jynkeng jri of the ancients.
Khimusniang won the Open T20 Cricket Tournament 2021 at the Jerusalem Playground today.
Speaking to media, Bah Himalaya said they have submitted their resignation letter as MLAs to the Lamphang to take effect immediately and Lamphrang has accepted the letter.
James, who won twice as MLA from the constituency, won the election in 2018 by defeating the incumbent TMC candidate Rupa Marak.
“We as the people should know that there are forces behind us who control it through their contribution,” said Pariat.
In another program held as part of the same celebration, a Quiz Competition was held at Mairang Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Mairang where Langtor Higher Secondary School, Langtor won the first prize. The first place went to Mairang Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Mairang, while the third place went to Mairang Presbyterian Science College, Mairang.
The five injured passengers were inside the taxi and after the incident they were rushed to TSM Hospital Mairang for treatment.
Regarding the handover of the school, he said that the cost of this project has reached crores and will still require the assistance of the relevant authorities in this regard. .
During infancy and childhood and when they get stomach illnesses, nowadays, we give our children Gripe Water.
Besides, the insults and insults against the riew lum parties have gone beyond the limit.
In The Archer, Paulo Coelho presents through his tyngshops the lessons of the Ryntieh and the Khnam.
Dr Kharlukhi said the NPP fully supports the UDP and hopes that the UDP candidate Bah Balajied will win the mid-term elections to replace his father Dr Donkupar Roy. you are still valid.
The CSWO has demanded that the relevant authorities should take immediate action against this misuse of power according to the law so that the exploitation of the people will stop completely in this village and other villages. village.
During the election campaign, the NPP has used issues such as roads, education, health, tourism, clean governance and others. with the promise that if the people of Meghalaya give them the opportunity to rule, they will bring about change.
“My speech is to clarify that not only in other countries of the world or in India and here in the state there are those paid news and fake news, which means that the people have to understand.
He said: H-healthcare, E-education, A-agriculture & allied sectors, Law & Order, T -tourism & Hospitality, Youth Empowerment.
The story of the skei and the matah.
However, after the voting, the people were very excited.
if she agrees, what can we say that she will “break out".
This shows that there has been an increase in the number of illiterate youth,” said Dr Lamare.
Speaking to media, Dr. Ampareen said, “I request the VPP to understand the explanation given by us in the past few days on the dismissal of the members of the Lokayukta.
“It is necessary to create measures to curb the influx of foreigners into the state,” he said.
NTPC is a group of power generation companies in India.
However, the most important thing is up to the shopkeepers, how to be clean, to display their goods in a beautiful manner to attract visitors in collaboration with the Market Committee.
Upon receipt of the order of the Honorable Chief Justice, the Election Authority shall convene a meeting with the National and State Political Parties for the purpose of discussing the matter and reviewing the whoever is selfish, does not have two cases.
In many villages, all the households have raised the flag of the country, not a single household has passed through this and it has also destroyed the villages in different villages. different from Jowai.
The NGT has fixed the hearing on 10th November
The owners of the coal, whose names are not known, have sent for a replacement truck to deliver and carry the coal from the truck. The coal was transported to Guwahati as it should have been.
Shillong: Four government vehicles and one private vehicle were burnt down on the night of 2nd October 2023, according to the police. The destruction of the offices of the DC of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, thus the enactment of Section 144 Cr.
The ceremony was conducted by Precious Lyngdoh who is also the Chairman of the school in the presence of other teachers, students and parents.
In his book The Idea of ​​Justice, Amartya Sen mentions two Sanskrit words, "niti" and "nyay" and both of these mean right or just rule and justice.
The closing date for receipt of teams is November 10,
In Maharashtra, 11,147 new cases were reported today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 4,11,7
On the other hand, he also asked the Development Committees to monitor and monitor all the works so that the implementation should not be corrupt and also to ensure that the implementation should be done in all areas. within the stipulated time and also to be verified by the residents before releasing the final payment.
Shillong: A vaccination campaign against covid-19 was conducted yesterday for health workers.
The Chief Executive Member of Jaintia District Council, who holds the budget of the District Council, has submitted a budget of Rs 19.99 crore for discussion and approval by the House. .
MEPA therefore demands that the Prime Minister should take action on this issue and implement it immediately within the government's budget, which ends in October
The heavy rainfall in Shillong has flooded the streams and blocked the streams that should have flowed to Wahumkhrah and Umshyrpi.
The KNGC Students' Union (KSU) has said this while criticizing the speech of Sniawbhalang Dhar at the closing ceremony of the 10th Anniversary of Ummulong Presbyterian College on 21st November go to the market and cannot go to class because of the traffic jam.
He said that women can also give birth at the Sub-Centres.
Police said that a blood-stained sdie was found near the head of the man who was shot dead.
On Education, Dr. Anjali Hazarika conducted the meeting and the participants were Shyambir, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, Ganderbal, J&K; u Dev Raj Dhiman, Principal, Hamirpur, Himachal Pradesh; of Varnali Deka, District Commissioner, Nalbari, Assam; u Purva Garg, IAS, Secretary Education cum Chairperson, Samagra Shiksha, UT, Chandigarh.
He said that this synjuk is only the beginning in which many issues related to the jaitbynriew will be discussed.
Balarisha Thyrniang came first in the women's category, Bandasharai Marwein came second and Marqueenless Ramsiej came third.
Irin Lyngdoh, former MLA/MDC from the Congress party, who was also a Minister in the state government, led the women who came to join the HSPDP.
Regarding the demand of the union to remove the language from the Mylliem Act 2007, the Executive Member of the Elaka and the entire Mylliem Hima have agreed to remove the word Nongsynshar Shnong from the Mylliem Act The word Area Rangbah Shnong or Circle Rangbah Shnong should be replaced by the word Area Rangbah Shnong in the Mylliem Act
Ibobi was speaking as the chief guest at the closing ceremony of the 21-day table tennis coach Kim Song Han at the Indoor Hall of the National Sports Academy. to Clean Light.
Furthermore, there are those who have lost their uniqueness, in which even the language of the thylliej to talk about the story at home, is spoken in a foreign language, so that it is no longer pleasant to speak it. of the language, because in schools or colleges the subject of the Khasi language has been rejected or completely removed from the requirement and it is not allowed to continue studying it.
Hundreds of supporters and office bearers of the PDF from various units and circles of the party witnessed the flag raising ceremony of the PDF in Meghalaya. This party will be elected in 2017 before the 2018 elections.
The four (4) Basans who were the founders of the Shillong Hima were – (1) Basan Nongkseh of the Thangkhiew Laikpoh Kur, (2) Basan Nongumlong of the Nongneng Daloi Kur, (3) Basan Swer of the Nongneng Daloi Kur. and (4) Bashan Synrem and Synrem.
The player will return to the top flight after this tournament.
Therefore, the MLU and the Enforcement Officer have shut down the company until they can provide the necessary documents.
Shillong, June 4: U Donald D Ingty, Secretary of the Diocese of North East India, has lodged a complaint with the police that there has been a misuse of the money collected from the tuition fees of school children amounting to T. 53,93,621.
“I'll tell you.
Meghalaya scored 92/4 for 61 runs.
In another incident, the Headmistress of Mawïong Rim Presbyterian Secondary School has complained that on 17th June, unidentified robbers entered the school and tried to steal.
The MHRC has taken a suo moto case on the incident and sent a letter to the Director General of Police (DGP) of the State to seek a report within 15 days on the measures taken. this happened.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr.E Kalwing, District AIDS Control Officer, Ri-Bhoi District, said that there are 7835 cases of HIV/AIDS in Meghalaya. Bhoi District has 539 cases and 332 cases are undergoing treatment.
Some of these children had the opportunity to study in step schools, but due to the problems in their homes they had to leave the country. that they even help to add money together with their mothers for household expenses.
This year, the farmers of the village have been shocked by the drop in the price of Synsar and the farmers don't have that income anymore, considering the cost of labor and wages. farmer.
He also spoke on private schemes for the poor, the abolition of double registration, the return of birth certificates from the court to the DC office, the Land Bill, the border settlement, the motor area, the ILP, the peace talks with the armed groups and other activities that this government has done to address the problems faced by the people.
The book of Ecclesiastes, although encouraging and confusing, teaches that at the end of the day there will be justice.
Furthermore, VHAM has shown the financial expenses incurred for the treatment, but it was found that for a year now no camp has been conducted for the treatment.
“Stating that human rights are at the heart of peace and development, Justice Sanjib Banerjee said that the promotion of human rights alone in the Constitution cannot lead to full happiness. of human rights such as economic, social and cultural rights which are essential and the Court has an important role to play in protecting the rights of individuals in relation to status .
She also spoke on the evils caused by drugs, often because of drugs many kinds of evil deeds occur that destroy the society, drugs also affect the peace and order in the society.
Khan said the party's lawyers and legislators, party leaders and party members should fight for their right to lodge a complaint against those police chiefs who He, his family and all the leaders and members of the party are involved in these false complaints.
Jowai, July 22: The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Iooksi and Saphai together with the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Kupli Area Circle have sent a letter to the Minister of State for Home Affairs, James K. Sangma. nature, to help revive the Kupli River as it was in the past.
In the letter, Gokhale asked Conrad Sangma to clarify how the Chinese Inhemeter Smart Meter was installed in his house. The Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong in November admitted that these smart meters have not been approved by the Renewable Energy Certificates (REC) and the Government of India.
Kynjaimon Amse, who came to join the protest, sent a message to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, saying that the Chief Minister should come personally from Jowai. At the same time, he invited the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the state to come personally to understand the problems faced by the people. otherwise he and the congregation will end up in rebellion.
Regarding the re-opening of the shop, Latiplang said that it can re-open the shop as it wishes but if it re-opens the shop to foreigners, they must have a license, otherwise the department will take over the shop. He said that this is not only for Deoris but also for all those who open shops to foreigners without licenses.
Speaking to media, Bah FR Kharkongor said that the turnout has reached 90.42 percent from 39 polling stations in the constituency.
It is here that the power and value of the President/Secretary of the party is greater than the power of the MPs/MLAs/MDCs. at the time of registration during the election.
He said the revenue loss for the financial year was Rs.368 crore for 2014-15, Rs.550 crore for 2015-16, Rs.190 crore for 2016-1 , 2018-19 Rs.590 crore, 2019-20 Rs.650 crore and 2020-21 Rs.660 crore.
Tura, Nailar 30: Police of Resubelpara Police Station have registered a case in connection with the attack on a Catholic church in Daram village of North Garo Hills on 24th November
Shillong, July 8: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has met with the Executive Engineer of Greater Shillong Water Supply on the 6th of this month at his office. They have been distributed to all the households in Shillong under the GSWS who are not able to drink especially during the rainy season.
They also help to neutralize the acids produced by the digestion of fatty foods.
Justine Dkhar was the chief guest to open the festival in the presence of RS Manner, ADC EJH, former MLA Sing Mulieh, former MDC Obil Kyndait, former MDC Helping Phawa. and President of Sein Raij Tuber along with other members and leaders of JTES. The festival attracted hundreds of people from all over Jaintia Hills.
Also present on the occasion were JNC General Secretary Wanshwa Suting, KNC Vice Presidents Ency Shadap and Nangjan Dkhar, Publicity & Information Secretary Mebanteilang Sukhalin. They include President Shanborlang Bamon, Vice President Sanjoy Bareh, General Secretary Diamond Bareh, Assistant Secretary Trebor Shylla, Organizer Secretary Miki Talang, Sport Secretary Miki Bamon and Lionel Dkhar, Education Secretary Damian Suja. , Publicity Secretary Nubo Sumer and Pyniolad Muksor, Finance Secretary Rimiki Dkhar, Art & Culture Secretary Shanborlang Langstang, Discipline Secretary Rowlandson Pale, Office Secretary Jerry Nongtdu, Environment Secretary Fourly Talang and 22 others. that dkot the executive committee.
The availability of this special health center for newborns and those with various diseases will greatly benefit the residents of Ri Bhoi District especially those parents who have children with disabilities. to various kinds of diseases.
The body of Bah Tiklu Jyrwa, resident of Upper Lumparing, Shillong, was brought by plane from Dehradun to Guwahati Airport. Bing and Mountaineering Association (MeSCMA) in collaboration with the East Khasi Hills District Administration and Police.
The award winners were Ibadalin Kharbuli, Alisdora Kharkongor, Bandlala Kharkongor, Welkin Stone Shadap, Glorify Kurbah, Ferddy Banteilang Jyrwa, Kynsai Kharmawphlang, Daphilahun GH Wahlang, George Wahlang. , Bony Brodson P Warjri, Wallam Jingsuk Khongshun, Kampherika Thangkhiew, Robinson Jyrwa, Christopher Wahlang, Ryan Nongkhlaw, Aiborlang Kharthangaw, Mordekai S Kharpuri, Jonathan Ïawphniaw, Donbok shabong, Gabriel Jeffernel , and the Spring of Hope Children's Home.
These shops have been directed to maintain social distancing between the customers, people should not shake hands, should not hug each other.
Ranaut received the security after she spoke out against the Maharashtra government, accusing Mumbai of being like Pakistan Occupied Kashmir (PoK).
Even in the 2018 MLA elections, the NPP has won many seats in Garo Hills and in those seats where it has not won, the defeat has been slow.
Jowai, July 20:: The KJPA today inaugurated and laid the foundation stone of seven projects. to build for the needs of the KJP Assembly Mission Hospital, also known as the Mission Hospital in Jowai.
Boys HSS won the Under-16 boys and Under-18 boys category, while Kiang Nangbah HSS won the Under-18 girls category.
Because it is not known what the people are doing, the DC should say about the protocol today. Those who went to the interview have worked and met with the family members. and other people a big problem when you think about this??Woman or man who gets that disease.
The earthquake has destroyed many houses and buildings in the state.
Hundreds of former Congress leaders have returned to the party after leaving the party for various reasons.
A little while later, I would like to remind you of that thlen.
The KHADC Bill has also received strong opposition from the villages in West Khasi Hills who are against the transfer from one constituency to another.
In the Dicus Throw U-18yrs (Girls), Remisha L.Nonglait of Kynshi High School won the gold medal and Kyntibashailin Shangoi of St. Joseph High School won the silver medal. and Elysha Warjri of Mairang Press School.
According to information received, the authorities in charge have said that in order to clean up the city, they need about several months to complete.
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of Village Affairs, Bah Humly Lyngdoh, Bah Skhem Ramsiej, Bah Lamphrangton Lyngkhoi and other dignitaries and the people who came to witness the event. from the Minister of Village and Secretary of the Pynden-Mawthawiang Sports Club.
On 29th November 2015, the Supreme Court ruled that the Council Act (November 2015) is in line with the 6th Schedule which clearly defines the powers of the Daloi. They requested the Council to resolve the issue and end the conflict between the Council and the Daloi.
“We expect about 25 CEMs of various ADCs to attend the meeting,” the newspaper said.
If the UDP does not decide, the matter will fall to the MDA and once the decision has reached the MDA, the Speaker's seat may go to other parties.
On the part of the BJP, we don't have the money to offer, but if the people support us, we will create assistance in any way especially for the poor,” he said.
Besides predicting Modi's victory, Daruwalla also predicted the victory of Atal Bihari Vajpayee and even the assassination of Rajiv Gandhi.
Richard de Vries, who discovered the GreenPee technique, said they started the technique in 2018, but now they have installed five more, after finding that there are many. the people, who went to these places.
KSU Nongtrai Unit President Truelywell Lyngdoh, KSU Nongtrai Unit President Wanbok Reenborne and Assistant General Secretary KSU Sengkmie left for the meeting with the BSF chiefs. They should take action against the infiltration of Bangladeshis who carry knives , sdie and other weapons when they smuggle kwai , tympew , soh and other crops This is a threat to the farmers.
“Ka seng demands to know which government employees or government servants chose the name of policeman TC Chacko to receive the award on Independence Day,” said Kong Kharshiing. strongly against the misuse of power.
“During the meeting, we suggested that the KHADC should exercise its authority in this regard to curb the infiltration of foreigners into the houses of many drivers. We have suggested that once this is implemented, the KHADC should not issue licenses to foreigners to earn money because the indigenous people of the state have learned to do this kind of work. " he added.
“It is on this basis that I have come to request the Governor to send a petition to the President of India to exempt Meghalaya from the CAB”.
“During the meeting, the CEM promised to take care of this issue and the EC has already proceeded to issue trading licenses across the areas under the jurisdiction of the Council.
The BJP and its allies won 291 MPs, while the Congress and its allies in the INDIA group won 234 seats.
Shillong, March 19: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday honored the winners of the Aspire Meghalaya District Talents Events 2022 at a function held at Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
He said that the KHMIH CREATIVE SOCIETY and the students of the Nongstoiñ College Music Department will also perform.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Chief Executive Officer of the Shillong Cantonment Board and the Executive Engineer of the PWD Roads Shillong on Saturday held a meeting with the Chief Executive Officer of the Shillong Cantonment Board. They also visited the South Shillong Constituency to start the allocation of funds for many projects in the South Shillong Constituency.
It was also found that every year the government spends billions of rupees to provide schemes to the fishermen to grow in their business.
It is here that the CEOs of the companies said during the inspections by the Sengbhalang that if asked why they cannot employ the youth of the state, the answer they will give will be that they are stupid and cannot work. claim.
EXERCISE :— Exercise can be more difficult during recovery and weakness, but it is important to start exercising every day after recovery for recovery. physical and mental health.
Bihar are the favorite team to qualify for the knockout stages and will face Mizoram who are one of the strongest teams of the tournament.
Nongpoh: Sohniamtra farmers from Sohkhwai area in Ri Bhoi District, have said that this year, there has been an untimely fall of Sohniamtra. It has caused a lot of trouble and loss to the farmers and especially to those who cultivate more Sohniamtra.
At the same time, she appealed to the fish vendors to persevere, as although it will affect their income, they should put the health of the people first.
The Electro Therapy Lab was also inaugurated and prizes were awarded to the winners of the poster competition.
Shillong, Lber 7: A UALA cadre, Jijabell C Marak, 25, alias Asim, of Nongalbibra village, South Garo Hills, has surrendered to the police. East Garo Hills in the presence of religious leaders in Lum Garo and relatives.
"Yes, yes, you remember," said the robber.
In Jowai, the capital of West Jaintia Hills District, many people have complained that they do not have masks, even many pharmacies do not have masks to sell to the public.
The Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Center was also celebrated on the occasion.
He said that the Prime Minister should now turn his mind at home and not go abroad.
The first festival will be held to showcase their customs and traditions. There will be a competition in traditional costumes. dance, phwar and storytelling in collaboration with the Khasi Author Society.
Nongstoiñ, March 13: U Bah H.Brolding Nongsiej, MLA of the United Democratic Party (WDP) who is also the Minister in charge of Home Guard and Water Resources, has been elected from Mawthadraishan constituency. He will contest the election next year from the same party.
The match on the 23rd will be between Darrang and Nala Rympei United Shillong at 2.45m.
The order issued on the 13th of this month has directed that the notice should be suspended as the case will be heard on the 19th of this month. follow this decision after receiving a copy from the court.
“It is for this reason that I say that the Congress in this election will win and will have won our views.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday wrote a letter to New Delhi, requesting immediate action on the problem faced by the students of Meghalaya, due to the failure to write the CUET examination. outside the State in the midst of a short notice.
PFR FA tried their best to score but couldn't even after several free kicks, and until the end of extra time Umphyrnai managed to save. without being thrown and without winning the prize.
Therefore, Russia has not yet allowed those who oppose its invasion of Ukraine, which began in June
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the driver of the petrol truck said that the cause of the overturning was due to the failure of the steering wheel of the vehicle.
Three people were reportedly injured in the incident.
The special purpose of the FAME-2024 Seminar is to discuss in detail some specific aspects and to address the challenges faced by Indian enterprises that have grown from failure to shake their heads on many types of work or equipment produced by factories.
This is the beginning of the tournament in Tura while other places have already started earlier including Smit, Mawphlang and Shillong.
Until now, it is clear that the government authorities, village authorities, religious authorities or civil society authorities, have failed in this regard, because they have not been able to stop this money laundering in If this continues, we will see that instead of getting leaders, we will get chess by money makers.
She also spoke about the National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM), which provides support to people through Self Help Groups (SHGs).
He argued that Aadhar is not supposed to be used for various needs of the citizens and said that the Supreme Court is still considering the relationship between Aadhar and the right to of the life of the individual.
If not now, it will never be the case that we need to take action to protect the border guards in the state.
He said that if we look back at the past years of the state, it is only the UDP that has allowed MLAs from the constituency to rise to the position of leadership by giving the example of Bah BB Lyngdoh, Bah Darwin but other parties do not allow a leader from the region to hold the position of leader in the state.
The game ended 2-2
The group also donated essential items to the IDPs at the Relief Camp at the Indoor Stadium, Kakching and also opened a Medical Camp at Pukhou.
Since earlier, the residents have complained about the lack of doctors at this hospital and until now, the residents are still facing the same problem.
Hi I'm from Mawpran and I'm from Rum Pynursla. I'm looking forward to seeing you all. I'm looking forward to seeing you all. 9774251449 is the number of books.
The Executive Committee is a joint venture between the National People's Party (NPP) with 12 MDCs and the United Democratic Party (UDP) with 10 MDCs.
There, in the sweetness of love, they went to the highest place to pour out their eternal love there.
The power to amend such provisions of the Constitution at any time rests solely with Parliament.
He said that the council should have a target in its working methods so that before Christmas the council will be able to pay the remaining salary as well as the advance salary for the month of November so that the employees can enjoy themselves.
He said that Tynghor is also the Headquarters of the Jyrngam Sirdarship and the preservation and improvement of the environment should once again start from this village.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has informed the public that this is a public notice to all the residents of Ri Bhoi District and non-governmental organizations whether they are individuals or groups. These activities must comply with the rules and regulations and must also obtain prior permission from the State Pollution Control Board and if they violate these rules or regulations, they will be punished according to these rules and regulations. Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District.
They also asked for a writ from the district court to arrest him, but we managed to fight against that and we applied for bail in all three cases,” Yobin said.
It is understood that besides Conrad, other NPP leaders will also come to support the UDP candidate. Last month, NPP leader Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, He attended a meeting with the UDP and NPP leaders from Nongshken constituency in the MDC constituency, while in the MLA constituency from Shella constituency Umniuh-Tmar, Nongjri, Mawkliaw and others.
This is the decision of the Assam Government to implement the electricity distribution scheme in Madan Umwang village where electricity posts have been installed along the road of this village.
The youths also showcased their talents by singing along with traditional musical instruments.
In KHADC, there have been many MDCs who have joined the party and this has started from the time of the ARPA to the time of the PDF.
At the same time, he expressed his gratitude to the PWD department and government officials who have taken the initiative to allocate Rs 114 crore for the construction of the Umsning-Jagi Road. Mawhati Constituency “I apologize to the people of Mawhati Constituency that we have been contesting since 2018 and after winning the MLA election, this is the first time I have sent my proposal but for reasons not I don't know why, but as we have worked hard, it will now come true and as an MLA I am happy, although there have been times when we have lost heart to get a new road. " he added again.
Pulmonary Mucormycosis: This affects the lungs and causes fever, chest pain, cough and blood clots.
The report did not specify whether the deaths were due to the extreme heat.
In our opinion, it is only Bah Shylla as a people's leader who has raised his voice to demand the Inner Line Permit in the State and to strongly oppose the Citizenship Amendment Act of the Central Government. and all the various Sengbhalang groups.
On Saturday morning, about 12 to 14 armed GNLA members came to Songsak to collect money from a gate nearby from trucks. who pass through this road.
I don't know where Jha is now because the letter to the Deputy Chief Minister was sent to my email,” said Sharma.
The Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) examination, also known as the Matric examination, has come to an end today, June 6, 2022 and the results are expected to be released by July. , 2022 is about the same as every year.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said, “On the part of the government we have called at least 100 meetings with NHIDCL. and we shall soon call them again.
There is an urgent need for the Village Authorities, KHADC and the State Government to enforce strict rules against the people to refrain as much as possible from removing water wells and those who use to turn them into water tanks. bay.
It is reported that out of 10 teachers, 10 of them have no teachers.
He said that this has made even Modi afraid of the party.
In the letter, Tennydard's lawyer said that the hearing on Writ Petition (Civil) No.343/2014 has been delayed. take judgment as soon as possible.
He said the letter was sent to the President to express the need to end the conflict in Manipur and to prevent the influx of foreigners into Meghalaya.
During the rainy season, the rainwater enters the room, especially during the strong wind and many school children are covered with snow.
“If we only hold senior tournaments, we won't be able to achieve what we want,” said Bah Sawyan.
“We have set a target to complete the construction by November or November this year,” said Bah Paul.
''No and yes.
At the public hearing, 105 people registered to speak but only 71 spoke while the rest disappeared.
The public streets and market places were filled with vendors and they were standing and spreading at will until the roads were blocked.
Besides this, there is also the recently approved Nutrient Based Subsidy (NBS) of T.38,000 crore for the Kharif season 2023-2
Here, it is the rise of our clean thinking, not to dig the root-source that has been destroyed.
Shillong: A sudden fire broke out at the Jhur Market in Iewduh on the night of 17th June 2021 at 7 pm. The fire was extinguished by the immediate arrival of fire engines who rushed to the scene and extinguished the fire from spreading to the east.
“You should say no to drugs,” said the doctor to the students of school 11 and 12 of the school.
He said that we are very fortunate to have the leader of the house who is the captain but on the other hand we are unfortunate that this captain who doesn't have a gun and doesn't know how to shoot with Ong It is for this reason that we here in Ri Khasi cannot get the border that we have lost and even today our leaders don't know how to shoot guns and use the brain bullets of the Takdadaw. sah teng For decades to get a proper and straight border.
Now more and more Garo people are coming to contest elections in Hynniewtrep.
Bah Lamphrang Blah said that they expect that the festival which is scheduled to be held in November this year will be bigger and more successful as the Prime Minister has promised. to support this festival.
The cause of the overturning was due to the speeding of the bus by the driver of the bus, because when he reached the remotest place, he could no longer drive. The bus was stopped by the police and caused the bus to overturn.
Recently, AL Hek from the BJP and independent MLA Bah Lambor Malngiang said that the joint candidate from the MDA should contest on an independent basis and not on the basis of any party.
Those countries and places that abort abortions no longer have minors in schools.
On the same day, the Minister of Agriculture, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, also launched the Amlanak of the Meghalaya Age Store which displays the beautiful paintings of Bah.
Ma Nujor said that the Mukhap road is 3 km long and an 8 meter bridge will be built and this land has been donated by the residents of Mukhap.
“If I get the Engineer or Doctor Quota from the Reservation Policy, at least their families should not be given the reservation, because the idea is to improve together,” said Saleng. He said that as this family has grown, it can compete with others who do not need reservation.
Thank you so much.
Besides, two other independent candidates have registered their nomination papers on the same day, Donkupar Massar from Pynursla Constituency, Jubanlang Kharbihkhiew from Pynthorumkhrah and HDR Lyngdoh from Pynursla Constituency. Sohiong.
“We will send a resolution signed by all three District Councils before the 14th to the National Law Commission to inform that we together with the residents strongly oppose the UCC,” said the CEM of KHADC. Speaking to reporters, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem.
Jamaican-American pop singer Sean Kingston, who became famous in the 2000s with songs including "Beautiful Girls" and "Fire Burning," is preparing to perform at the The New Year will be celebrated in Tura on the 30th of November.
The meeting was chaired by Senior Vice President Bindo Lanong, was attended by HSPDP President Ardent Basaiawmoit, HSPDP MLA KP Pangniang and other leaders. There were not many people, with an estimated 5.6 thousand people, but those who came included from different parts of Khasi Jaintia Hills and Ri Bhoi District.
However, one thing he reminded and encouraged his fellow office bearers is that even in the midst of the difficulties and difficulties they have faced to lead the party for 39 years, we should not forget the difficulties and obstacles, but we will continue to work for the glory of APSTA, with the help and power of God above.
He said that although they were discouraged at the beginning, with the help of the Seng Samla Mawlai Phudmuri, they were able to succeed.
In the first MDA Government, the Social Welfare Department did not have the right to sell foodgrains.
Leaders and members of the Seng have posted signs around foreign shops in various villages in the Eastern West to boycott MCL or Topcem.
However, this question has reached the Legal Metrology Department instead of the Transport Department.
However, this has not happened yet as it is understood that the project cannot be taken up because of the discovery of uranium in the dam.
The NPP candidates who have completed the filing of nomination papers include Sosthenes Sohtun from Jirang, Shemphang Lyngdoh from Mawhati, Damanbaitbha Lamare from Umroi and Jason S. Mawlong from Umroi. candidate from Umsning and Macdalyne S. Mawlong from Nongpoh Constituency.
The Acting President Rgh Phira S.Dkhar welcomed the dancers and also the relatives who brought the dancers to take part in this day. which was known as the Sabbath, and was followed by a sacrifice.
Nongpoh: Following the incident which resulted in the death of several tourists, who drowned in the Umtrew River Byrnihat, the village authorities of Narbong and Panitula villages, have launched a There is a strong understanding among the people who go for a walk in this area, which is also a place where many people want to go for a walk in this area.
“If the government authorities can curb the smuggling of cows abroad like to Bangladesh, we can say that there is hope to increase the price of cow meat,” said Bah Warlarpih.
“We will soon hold a follow-up meeting on this issue,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the registration of foreigners in Madanrting constituency is only a ploy of the Congress to create votes from foreigners to take advantage of the elections. you are in the world.
After completing the necessary procedures, the police took the body to the morgue at Khliehriat Civil Hospital for post mortem.
This will help automatically test the vehicles.
Erling Haaland scored two goals for Manchester City to beat Tottenham Hotspur 2-0 to move closer to winning a fourth title. Premier League.
The DSO office also announces that for any schools, sports clubs or associations who wish to participate in this tournament please come and collect the forms from the office of the DSO, SWKHD at any The deadline for submission of application forms is 2nd June,
The President of Laban Sports Club, Sammy Myrthong, said that the Table Tennis Academy will become a prominent one in the North East.
Shillong, July 02: The Minister of State for Electricity, AT Mondal, on Tuesday said that the water shortage in Umïam Dam this year is unprecedented in the history of the state. Your history is your source of electricity.
I prepared well and worked hard to win the gold medal but unfortunately this illness caused me to lose the gold medal,” said Sargar after the games.
They struggle to make friends, find friends and drink together.
“The Indian language has been used since ancient times and from this point of view we feel that we cannot accept that the name should be changed,” he added.
Jadeja's 10 wickets in the second match against Australia have now moved him up to fifth place.
The leaders who have served Mawhati constituency include Bah Martin N. Majaw, the first MLA of the constituency, Bah SR Moksha, who has been MLA for two terms, Bah PW Muktieh, Bah Dondok Khymdeit, Mr. Julius K. Dorphang and Mr. Lamare.
God spoke through Hosea against the children of Israel because they had perished because of lack of knowledge of God's laws and commandments.
Police have registered and conducted an investigation without informing the public as the case is not dangerous to the life of the abductee, said the SP. In collaboration with Karimganj, Hailakandi and Cachar district police, they conducted an investigation and arrested the kidnappers.
In North Garo Hills, there are 47 cases.
The Meghalaya Government Primary School Teachers' Association (MGPSTA) has also submitted its demands to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah including the appointment and training of teachers across schools in Meghalaya. to run the school especially when a teacher takes leave due to illness or some other unavoidable reason, the children have been sitting idle.
Out of the 602 cases, 20 cases have been confirmed in East Garo Hills, 43 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 5 cases in Bataw, 6 cases in Iongkaluh and 19 cases in Ladrymbai and Datsipein.
He said that the protests against the CAA and the demand for ILP have been suppressed by the government in a peaceful manner but sadly on 28th June 2013 in Ishamati, u Lurshai Hynniewta, a member of the KSU, has died after being tied in the clashes between the two groups.
The deceased was identified as Nangpynwadbor Kharlyngdoh while the injured was identified as Badatipskhem Snaitang, 17 years old.
The most shocking and shocking thing now is the appearance of dozens of kinds of crimes in the newspapers these days especially murder and fraud.
This age teaches not only to gain for oneself, but to gain for others even if it is to cheat, cheat and kill.
It was in 2022 that the Barefoot Trust,which works for the welfare of people with disabilities, with the aim “to empower people with disabilities by empowering them to stand on their own feet and achieve their goals in life" she launched a program called “IncPreneurship”.
He said that the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India on 11th October 2024, has issued the Citizenship (Amendment) Rules, 2024 for the implementation of the Citizenship Rules. Amendment) Act,
During the inspection, the union found that the organizers of the fair in Nongstoin, had violated one of the orders of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, by fighting against the There will also be an exchange of books and money at the Mela.
After five years, the people of Sohiong constituency have again trusted the family of Bah HDR Lyngdoh (bam kwai ha dwar u blei) to be the leader of the constituency. The people elected Bah Synshar Lyngdoh, the brother-in-law of Bah HDR, as the leader of the constituency.
These roads are the Bhoirymbong-MawBseiñ Road which is about 14 km long and the other is the Nongthymmai-Khyndew Saw Road which is about 10 km long.
At that moment I was filled with indescribable joy.
He said that even in the absence of the Ordinance, many foreigners have been able to vote through certificates which they have shown that they have received from those who are not the village authorities themselves. which are illegal.
It will also be a sign of condolences to the Kharbuki family and clan who have suffered this tragic incident in their lives.
STs have to score 70% to sit for the second examination but upper castes (URs) who are backward castes need only 50%.
The book was launched by Bah Herman Nongrum, retired Registrar of Guwahati High Court as the chief guest. A man who has a vision for the present and future of the country and who is also a patriot who has contributed to the society of the nation through articles published in many Khasi newspapers.
How wonderful it would be if we could have a group of linguists to collect and collect the languages ​​from different villages in the country and to fill in the languages ​​that we lack or those that we have. there is one word that carries two or three meanings or even to create or invent new words, especially in this age of technology there are many new words that the nation has never had.
IIPH-Shillong has launched the Bachelors in Public Health (BPH) program this year to encourage more students to study or take science subjects to help increase the number of people who work within the Ministry of Health.
James said Saket Gokhale has the right to speak or criticize the government but if he is an intelligent person he should also provide sufficient evidence regarding the corruption allegations.
The rejection of Jesus by the Israelites led Jesus to speak or tell the Samaritan woman that the Israelites would no longer be able to worship God – in Jerusalem.
The Asha Mobile Payment Application has become an important tool for official programs at all levels, as it can help to track and monitor the payments of ASHA employees and ensure that there is no delay in the payment of salaries. they.
At the same time, the JHTOA has expressed its surprise to see the excessive number of gates, especially in Ri Bhoi District which started from Lumdiengngan, Khapara, Damsite, Nongpoh and Byrnihat.
The two illegally constructed coke plants are identified as M/s Halari Coke Plant and M/s Shauryansi Coke, Wah Samsier, Sutnga District.
The danger caused by the absence of signboards is from drivers who come from farther away and who come from far away, because these drivers from afar do not know where there are many people, market places, schools and this can lead to tragic accidents from their speeding.
The KSU said that the president of the KSU said that while the police investigation is ongoing, it is not appropriate to say anything.
Two MLAs have contested the MDC elections and have won and are now holding both the posts of MLA and MDC. These two MLAs are Bah Lambor Malngiang from Nongkrem constituency. and Bah Gigur Myrthong from Mawshynrut Constituency.
“It was sad about what happened in Sikkim.
Having a good education helps a lot to become a leader but the inherent talents are part of God's blessing.
“One of the decisions that has been decided is that the farmers should throw the crops where they throw them, and throw the kriah or the khoh or the byrni or anything else that throws the crops and if there are rotten crops, it will be rejected and “The kilo of kriah or khoh or byrni will be weighed and the kriah will be counted from the kriah,” said the CEM. byrni, the traders are still cutting 5-6 kilos of rice and this has affected the farmers who have worked hard for 10 years.
He said that the issue of demarcation has been going on for more than 50 years and it is not easy to take a decision without careful consideration. The MDA government in the state doesn't have that problem because the decision was taken only by the government without consulting the land owners, village headmen, Hima headmen who have the right to know about the issues. land, he added.
“We need a law to strengthen the use by signing through documents,” said Bah Michael.
Different villages from Panaliar, Ladthadlaboh, Mynthong, Chilliangraij, Loompyrdi Iongpiah and others have conducted cleanliness drives.
The BJP today launched eight issues that the party has to curb the use of drugs in the state including the need for cooperation from the states, the deployment of police. drug trafficking and the goal of setting up health centers for those who have been chained to drugs.
There have been 26 recoveries from the coronavirus today.
